user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,247020,12665307,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,BadgerofWar,I work at a cafe. I come home and play this. What the ♥♥♥♥ is wrong with me?
,Recommended,247020,32278854,Posted: 8 June,all,dropxofxpoison,"I seriously love this game. There wasn't a moment that I didn't enjoy myself when I first purchased it and binge-played, and I've gone back to it and restarted my game several times just to experience my restaurant progressing from crap-hole to five-star gourmet.Typing is one of my strengths, so I'm delighted to be able to play something that taps into that. (Although, it does have controller support, should you struggle in that regard.) Gotta love the clicky sound of your keyboard when your fingers are rapidly flying across it during the lunch and dinner rushes, right?I'm eagerly awaiting the sequel and will purchase it immediately at full price."
76561197981706607,Recommended,247020,12811266,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Amalzain,"This is one of the most stressful games I've ever played.  And I put over 20 hours into it over a period of weeks, always coming back to it to serve another day.  You are running a restaurant, but the complexity of it severely outstrips your regular diner dash style game.  Almost every food has multiple recipes (there are something like 35 different hamburger combinations possible), and your menu has upwards of 20 items, of which you can serve 4-6 on any given day.  Manage service, janitorial requirements and a variety of other tasks.  It's hard to describe how complex and yet how engaging this game is.  It is seriously stressful, especially on the later levels, but pulling off 88 orders in a row perfectly is a rush; this is really an underrated and great game."
,Recommended,247020,8959566,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Petite Fleur Sasha,"""Your food is just meh. I might come back, dunno""SherriSoda Tower worker (God damn you!)A great game, that gives you everything that it promises. It is casual, very grindy, very addictive and it is really funny. It is both simple and hardcore X) You start with 0 star restaurant and in couple hours you know every hobo that comes to drink beer to your place at 9 am. It is incredible funny to play with your family, sitting nearby, watching your poor restaurant management. To give names to all the visitors, to invent their biography, and to comment their choices like ""Omg lady it's you again and you want more ice cream?! you already ordered 3 scoops of ice cream in the morning, you won't fool anyone here by changing your clothes"".So you work your way to 5 stars and posh ladies, ordering wine and lobster. Both music and  art style are lovely, food is drawn yummy and appetizing, and it makes you want to cook it in real life. Side missions like dating, vip guests, robbery and hardcore catering\iron cook events gives you healthy dose of fun and competitive expirience.I recommend it to people who admit existence of their inner child, who understand that it is just a very cute&casual simulator, who are curious enough to read all the spam letters and food description, and who will addictively push wrong buttons while cooking the most horrible soup in the universe."
,Recommended,247020,9238387,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Benito Boy,"A customer asked for a medium drink, and I gave him a large! I GAVE HIM A LARGE!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,247020,12581280,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Ngoproblem,Why are robberies so hard?Why are toilets clogged every two seconds?Am I the only worker?Questions that keep me up at night
,Recommended,247020,12869446,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Raygank,"My wife, who enjoys casual games and especially cooking games, loves this game.I hate all those things, and I also love this game.It positively oozes with love and care from its developer. This is a great example of the kind of thing that indie developers can do that big companies never could. A game that uses the best casual game mechanics, but with hardcore difficulty, with an amazing variety of content, and without any crummy monetization ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. You can tell this is a labor of love, particularly considering the huge new expansion that adds tons of new modes including a co-op campaign, completely for free, over a year after its initial release.Tip: Play this with a great big clicky keyboard. So fun."
,Recommended,247020,14517651,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Kemo,"Cook, Serve, Delicious! is a restaurant/cooking simulator where you start with a rundown little cafe and turn it into a five star restaurant all the while cooking numerous dishes, fending off robbers and flushing blocked toilets. While the game might not sound like everyone's cup of tea it combines addictive gameplay with a good progression system to make a  fun gaming experience. As a huge fan of the Papa's Pizzeria games this was a must buy for me and I was not disappointed.+Nice simplistic graphics, food and drink is well designed and the UI is nice to look at as well+Incredibly addictive, simple gameplay that keeps you coming back for more+You can take place in bets each day which require you to get a certain combo with certain foods+You are rewarded for perfect orders and penalised for bad orders which helps push you to try as hard as you can+Lots of different dishes including drinks+Most dishes have upgrades which adds a new ingredient and new recipe cards+All recipe cards have specific names+Local co-op game mode+The hotkeys for the different ingredients are for the most part intuitive, i.e. the first letter of the ingredient is the hotkey, and if you don't like them the hotkeys can be edited+Full controller support for both the Xbox 360 Controller and the Dualshock 4 Controller+Great music+There are special events in the game which you can take part in such as catering events which earn you more money-The frequency of work orders (flushing the toilet, cleaning the dishes, taking out the trash and setting rat traps) seemed a bit too high, in particular the flushing the toilet job seemed to be very frequent even when the toilet had been upgraded-The progression on the star system is very slow and food upgrades are very expensive-Once you start unlocking more order slots (you start with four and then it increases) it becomes increasingly difficult to keep track of all of the orders you have on the go and I often pressed the wrong key and sent out an order early, breaking a combo-I had a couple of issues where I lost saves and had to replay about 2 hours worth-You can't upgrade the appearance of your restaurant apart from the automatic changes when you get a new starVerdict:7A great restaurant/cooking sim that is perfect for fans of similar games but might be quite boring for most, best to pick this up on sale.El K."
,Recommended,247020,12865043,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Curious,BECOME THE ULTIMATE MASTER CHIEF.COOK MANY THINGS.FORGET TO WASH HANDS AFTER CLEANING TOILET.CAUSE MUCH DIARRHEA
76561198035054806,Recommended,247020,13947930,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,sara_bear,"Ok it's hard to describe why this game is enjoyable.It's nothing like real cooking. Trust me I've gone to school for that stuff as well as worked for 3 1/2 years in the industry. It's really not realistic.It's mostly a timed key puncher game. Hit the right keys per menu choice when ordered. Hit the right order number when the cooking time is ready. Try and keep the wait time down so they down't walk away. Hit the right keys to clean dishes, ect.. Turn up the intensity and complete the cateering challenges. Oh and you can't get to 3 stars without doing that.It's nothing like real cooking WHAT SO EVER....Yet somehow.. it's fun slamming the perfect order of nachos with over 20 possible variables down and getting a customer thumbs up. A perfect order day is bliss. Passing health inspection days a relief.And oddly enough it can give you a non drug indused case of the munchies."
,Recommended,247020,7742775,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Rokal,"This feels like a rhythm game married to a restaurant simulation, and the result is delicious. If you played ""Taco Joe"" on Flash back in the day, this is that idea taken to the extreme and polished up. For the uninitiated: the game tasks you with keeping a busy kitchen moving by cooking customer's orders correctly, quickly, and while balancing other orders or demands of a restaurant. On top of that, you're also responsible for managing the ""buzz"" of your restaurant by keeping your menu fresh and balancing complex/expensive dishes with easy/cheap dishes. Complex dishes will bring in more income and potentially more customers, but also give you a greater opportunity to screw up the order.There is a demo on the developers website if you're curious. It's addictive."
,Recommended,247020,32628351,Posted: 21 June,all,Andysj2017 (CZGA),"Cook, serve, delicious is one of those games that are easy to learn, but hard to master. You play as a restaurant owner that serves a line of waiting customers. You have to prepare each individual order by pressing the right button for each ingredient on your keyboard (you can also play with mouse or controller), and while it is pretty simple, it gets frantic very fast. You get to pick your own menu and upgrade your kitchen and recipes, which most of the time also makes them more complex to make but also more rewarding.The game never gets boring as it keeps you constantly on your toes by a steady influx of customers, rush hour (which is a more fast paced part of your day) as well as several chores and sometimes even robberies (!) where you get to identify your assaulter. There are also several challenge stages for specific food groups which can get REALLY difficult to complete, but help you lead your restaurant toward your 5 star goal.Gameplay gets more fast paced as you progress and can be pretty stressful, but is also very rewarding when you manage to get that perfect combo streak at the end of the day. If you are into this time sensitive serving ""genre"", this game will keep you hooked into it for hours at a time."
,Recommended,247020,7835057,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Ottyssey,"I want to start here: I love this game. The review that follows may sound critical at times but only because this is an ""Icarus"" game for me, i.e. it fell apart only because it got so close to the sun.I've heard some people complain that the game is too difficult, but I disagree. The difficulty felt a lot like Guitar Hero. Do you remember how you could barely keep up with songs on easy or medium the first time you played? But after trying a song on hard a few times, suddenly going back to medium felt like a cake walk? CSD is a lot like that. You can barely keep up with the small customer queue and simple orders at first, but you get used it and CSD has a wonderful, smooth difficulty curve. Eventually, you'll find yourself humming along quite nicely with an 8 person queue and all kinds of complex recipes.I really liked the mini-games that were built into the progression as well. Each of them was a nice change of pace and provided an interesting spin on the core mechanic. I also liked the way the game felt. It is very responsive and I could easily get into a rhythm on the PC version. FWIW, I much prefer the PC version to the iOS version. I was able to get into a satisfying muscle memory groove on PC and that's exactly what a wanted. A challenging game using muscle memory and twitch-based time/efficiency management.This game is so close to being perfect that I ended up more disappointed than perhaps I should be. I still readily recommend the game but with a caveat. I've put 30 hours into the game, completed the main game progression and all side challenges, purchased every recipe, every ClicknStart project and anything else I could use money for. After completing the game and playing a little beyond that, I have not yet received the 10K customers served achievement and there is still a 15k served achievement after that. However, I have no desire to grind it out. There isn't a point other than completionist satisfaction.My enjoyment came primarily from completing challenges and those have run out. I think this game could easily be a 10/10 for me with a couple minor additions:1) A challenge list that requires you to complete a perfect day with certain recipe combinations. The list could be huge as there are many possible combinations. Some would be very simple using the beginner recipes but some would be very challenging if you require 4 and 5 star variants of the difficult items. Perhaps this mode would only unlock after all recipes have been maxxed out for further end-game enjoyment.2) Expand on the mini-games. Similar to the above suggestion, have the gameshow mini-game force some challenging combinations and building up to harsher and harsher queuing restraints.3) Leaderboards so you can create your own challenges based on competitive spirit.The core for all these things is already present in the game, it just needs to be fleshed out a little. The developers did an amazing job of creating a wonderful difficulty curve and establishing a solid play mechanic that's fun and rewarding. If a later patch adds some challenges to overcome, such as my suggestions, I can recommend this game without any hesitation whatsoever. It would be top of the class for the genre. As is, I can only recommend it with the caveat that it is fun for 20-30 hours and then loses its appeal.Like I said originally though, I loved the game and only criticize it because it comes so close to being truly great. But try it out! It's cheap and even with my caveat, you're still purchasing a game that provides fun a rate of less than a half cent per minute. Hard to beat that!"
,Recommended,247020,12916601,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Tsunday.Phantasmagoria,I started playing this game as a stressrelief from my job as a chef.Now I go to work to relieve my stress of being addicted to this ♥♥♥♥ing game.fml
,Recommended,247020,7743198,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Meaningful Hog,"This game is absolutely fantastic, especially when you count in the amount of enjoyment you get for the price. The game has a great, steady difficulty incline, so whenever you feel like you're really getting the hang of all the button combinations you need to perform for every recipe, the recipes get more complicated and make you have to work for it again.This game does however definitely require you to have good muscle memory and fast fingers once you get to the later parts of the game, because some of the combinations get really complicated."
76561198105744794,Recommended,247020,28210901,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Grandpa 76,"A pretzel with salt, please.Ha, this looks easy.Five minutes later...THE TOILET IS CLOGGEDI WANT A SALADWHERE IS MY BEERTHE LASAGNA IS BURNINGTHERE IS A RAT IN HEREGIVE ME A BURGERTHE TOILET STILL IS CLOGGEDMY FINGERS, I CAN'T FEEL MY FINGERSGood game - 9,5/10"
,Recommended,247020,34488225,Posted: 25 August,all,Nomeliph,"I work in a restaurant myself, and I gotta say, CSD is NOTHING like working in a restaurant.Because CSD is fun, addictive, and I can't get enough."
,Recommended,247020,14783683,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Tom,"What an awesome game, this is the sort of game that you can keep installed and keep dropping in for five minutes at a time. I couldn't do long stints playing but I have put a lot of time into CSD.It's basically one large, long QTE, but done very well. Simply press the buttons in the correct order to cook and serve various different foods. There is plenty of customization here, buying different kitchen appliances to help make more complex meals, along with things like dishwashers to sort out the chores for you.A really well thought out game that you can get really cheaply but still put tons of hours into."
,Recommended,247020,32861056,Posted: 27 June,all,General Kenobi,This game improved my hand-eye coordination significantly. And my reaction time.and also tangled up my fingersif cooking was only as easy as pressing buttons.10/10 would cook again
,Recommended,247020,16559113,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,BOJANGOALS,"Probably the best euro I spent on Steam. Simple, challenging and addicting."
,Recommended,247020,28404254,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Dan Hibiki,Some jerk came in 5 minutes before closing and ordered the most complicated thing on the menu.10/10 Realism
76561197969749884,Recommended,247020,23506171,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Sarkoth,"Doing menial tasks repeatedly over and over for hours upon hours was never more fun. It looks like a little casual title, but it is way more than that. It is excruciatingly challenging late game, requires lots of memorization and quick reflexes as well as on the fly tactical thinking.It's much much more than it appears to be. Spent way more time playing this than I thought I would."
,Recommended,247020,12877250,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,SPACEMAN SPIFF,"This might be the most demanding title in my library. Underneath its casual-friendly theme and its welcoming artstyle lies a game of frantic keyboard slapping.If you thought you were good at multi-tasking, think again. If you thought you were good at memorizing keystroke sequences, let's see how good you are. This is as close as a human being will come to being a food-slinging robot as will be possible until the coming Robopocalypse.It's well crafted. It's fun. It's exactly what you already want, stop reading this and get the game already you're wasting time that you could be using to MAKE PIZZAS FOR VIRTUAL PEOPLE AHHH GODDD"
,Recommended,247020,28905171,Posted: 1 January,all,F I S T O,"I’ll have two number 9s,a number 9 large,a number 6 with extra dip,a number 7,two number 45s,one with cheese,and a large soda."
,Recommended,247020,25404882,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Zubon,"Recommended in the strongest terms. You did not realize that you needed a hardcore cooking sim in your life until you played Cook, Serve, Delicious! ""Intense action"" is not a phrase I expected to apply to a cooking sim, but this game mocks Dark Souls casuals. You can get by being decent, but to thrive, you must be *on the ball.* Never was fileting fish so satisfying, nor was soup so infuriating.The gameplay is so intense that I can only play safely in small doses. I just played Cook, Serve, Delicious! so hard that I hurt myself. Seriously, I need to go lie down.Cook, Serve, Delicious!: amazingly great."
,Recommended,247020,18095885,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Ceo,"easy to burn, hard to pasta."
76561198052403529,Recommended,247020,27809080,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Chardalyn,"Cook, Serve, Delicious is an amazing, fast-paced, funny and challenging restaurant management simulation game.+ Smooth playstyle+ Diverse, upgradeable dishes+ Motivating story mode (earn stars for your restaurant)+ Challenge modes available+ Funny minigames like the Cook4luv dating+ Music and Sound effects fit nicely+ Pizza- highly addicting (just one more day)- possibly stressful (I hate you, soup)- don't play this game with an empty fridgeOverall Rating:10/10Go and buy it, Chef! (Can't wait for CSD2!)"
76561198116527414,Recommended,247020,29529816,Posted: 27 January,all,Sigmar,"Gordon Ramsay made me do it! - Seriously, I have played so many video games about killing people, killing animals, killing monsters, that it is nice to play a good game like this about sustaining life for a change.GameplayThe advertisement for this game focusses on it being a restaurant simulator. However, the business simulation part is a bit shallow: You can buy recipes and upgrade them, and after 20 days (and accomplishing some specific tasks), you get a new star for your restaurant. You can also spend money on cooking devices that unlock new recipes and other features that increase your time limits in the kitchen, or boost the ""buzz"", effectively the number of customer orders. Yet, you never buy raw ingredients, you do not hire any staff (even in a five-star-restaurant, you still cook, clean and serve everything on your own), you do not buy any visible pieces of furniture and position them strategically... the background for the UI is always static. The developer focussed more on the cooking itself than on restaurant management simulation, and this makes it more of a skill game.I call it a skill game because you win it by ""cooking"" fast and precisely. You can do it with your mouse, clicking on every ingredient and triggering phases of preparation all with your index finger; but in my experience, it is more efficient and ergonomical to learn the key-bindings by heart. You have to press a letter for each ingredient and other keys for certain acts of preparation, and if you can type those ""codes"" fluently (e.g. vegetarian lasagna: ""PSVCR PSVCR PSCR""), using all your fingers and without even looking at the ingredient list on the screen, you have a massive advantage. Fortunately, there is the option to practice every dish with an ""official taste tester"" before you put the item on your active menu and present it to real customers, and I recommend making extensive use of that option.Now, isn't cooking and keeping the restaurant clean like work? Yes, it is. This game actually feels like work. BUT it is rewarding work: The voice-acted reactions of your customers when you serve a perfect meal (""M-hm! Hey-ey-ey!""), the balloons falling under loud applause when you receive a new star, or the successful participation in contests like the Iron Cook Challenges or in the dating programme Cook4Luv provide many opportunities to get acknowledgement for your hard efforts, and this makes Cook, Serve, Delicous! so addictive. Also, the successes and failures are always your own: If you do everything right, the customer will be happy. If you make a mistake, the customer will always notice. It is very fair, and after a bad day, you are motivated to train more and get better. The difficulty increases not so much with the upgrades of the restaurant (with the familiar five-star-system), but with the upgrades for the dishes, that become more and more complex, while simple items (like beer) always stay that way; that means that you can always adapt your own difficulty by choosing a more or less demanding selection of items on your menu of the day.PresentationThe graphics and sound effects are simple, but somehow still appetizing. I focussed on Italian and American cuisine, and after every two hours or so, I had to take a break because I became hungry...The music on the other hand was not to my liking: The title song with the repeated ""Cook!"", ""Serve!"", ""Delicious!"" in different overacted voices was almost annoying, and the repetitive background music is played in a modernistic style I did not enjoy - I switched the music off completely after a short while. I would have preferred if you could have chosen a type of restaurant (Italian food, Mexican food, sea food), and got the corresponding backgrounds and music. I consider this a missed opportunity on the developer's part.Value for moneyIt takes around 10-15 hours to complete the game once. You can add replayability by specializing in different kinds of food, choosing higher difficulty settings and even engaging in a competitive multiplayer mode called Battle Kitchen- which I have not tried yet. All in all, there is a lot to do, and the game is worth its price.VerdictThe presentation of the game can make you underestimate it: It has a very intense gameplay and can give you massive feeling of accomplishment. Also, it trains you mentally to stay calm while multitasking under pressure, a very useful ability. 7.5/10."
,Recommended,247020,24822598,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,it's💀shoepacabra,Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing Non-Words That You'll Remember as Short For Complex Food Orders. It's satisfying as hell to listen to you slap the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of a salad.
,Recommended,247020,32934582,Posted: 28 June,all,Anoobis,"Cook, Serve, Delicious! is one of my favorite games of all time.  It is a wonderful casual, yet addicting ""just one more day"" experience.  This game I can pick up for just a short while or binge on!  I highly reccomend this game and it is a great deal even at it's full price!  Plus, the developer is a great guy who is constantly updating and releasing new content.  He also listens to the community and is always implementing fantastic new ideas!  So excited for the sequel!!"
,Recommended,247020,12627727,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Slaiyn,"In Cook, Serve, Delicious you run a restaurant progressing from a basic establishment with a  modest selection of recipes to a 5 star restaurant offering more advanced food. The player has the responsibility of performing every action needed to run the restaurant (taking the orders, preparing the food, cooking, collecting the money).The game can be played solely using your keyboard or gamepad, which adds to its fast nature. You will be put under a lot of stress when facing multiple customers and thus incorrectly execute seemingly simple tasks.For a game that isn't supposed to be played for many hours consecutively the progression from day to day can often be neglegible leading to a lack of motivation to keep playing.Anyway I recommend the game due to its unique concept."
76561198031324041,Recommended,247020,29904250,Posted: 13 February,all,Mumm-Ra,"Fast and frantic much like working in a real kitchen, this game makes me want to go back into the industry.Its just a case of taking the orders and getting them out there!There are ALOT of people who struggle with the pace of the game so may I suggest for a beginner that you go with :Corndog ( hotdog) - Its simple and easy and you can bang them out a half dozen at a time. Rush hour is no problem.Beer - Also very easy and a nice earner in the evenings.Fried chicken- Again, its incredibly easy you can use this or French Fries its the same actions.Soda - A selection of drinks, its a little more difficult but ...really you need more than just beer in your business.Salad...- Get used to this one , its incredibly easy once you learn all the dressings and it can be upgraded many times . Its also good as you need an alternative for the more ""healthy individuals"" among us.This menu can take you as far as a 2 star restaurant with ease after that you can add in Fresh Fish, Chicken Breast, Coffee,  Wine,Lobster as subsitutes . They are the easiest of the more expensive products.Happy Cooking!"
,Recommended,247020,24288213,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:Vertigo Gaming Inc.Publishers:Vertigo Gaming Inc.Initial release:Oct 2013Genre:Cooking Sim, Arcade#Worth/NotWorth:#VeryWorthExposition, Concurrence and SummationCook, Serve, Delicious is a great filler/palate cleanser with surprising depth.You run a restaurant inside of a business tower in which you are the sole proprietor of all things that happen. While the game is mostly casual feeling and reminiscent of classics like Diner Dash, you additionally have to run the actual cooking as well as manage the flow of customers. It may seem like a lot at first but it ramps up the difficulty fairly nicely. Additionally, you are in full control of what is on the menu itself. So if something just has too many options you can dial it down regardless. However, you can ramp it up as well giving you added buffs should you be able to maintain good customer service.The actual cooking is incredibly satisfying, each food item has a specific way to prepare it and has its own recipes. Meaning it can only be ordered in certain ways making it an important thing to note regarding strategy in menu selection. Some types have more recipes than others. While in control of the menu you'll find some decent depth in choosing plates that require cooking and prep while other things that are instant and can be done in between the cooking stages and are a good way to increase revenue.There are stat buffs and debuffs that occur, such as menu rot or foods that have bad aromas early in the morning that effect you every day. Your performance can also affect your buzz which will effect the amount of customers coming in, especially during non-Rush hour times.There is equipment upgrades that help in the increasing of the waiting time for customers regarding their patience for you as well as equipment to help with chores that you'll need to do throughout each day. New equipment for cooking different types of food are also available.You'll have extra tasks to complete everyday should you choose to take them on such as bets with other chefs. There are e-mails that you'll receive after each day that are actually quite enjoyable to read. As well as warn you of upcoming events such as health inspections.Career mode isn't the only thingThere are also iron chef challenges that occur weekly and compete with other online challengers.Additionally, there is a ton of control options. Options between Keyboard, 360, X1 and DS4 pads make choosing what you're most comfortable with a non-issue.THE GISTWhile frantic, the amount of of strategy in menu selection makes it rather methodical and it's extremely satisfying to make multiple dishes perfect.Follow my curation for more"
,Recommended,247020,19927818,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,AtypicalChuck,"It is like Papers, Please except I make food for a bunch of customers and they clog up my toilet 50 times a day.  I don't even  serve chili.Seriously though, this is a hella awesome and addictive indie title that I can receommend to any fans of fast paced sim gameplay! Well done."
,Recommended,247020,12569078,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,[GoC] Col. Mustard,"I cannot find anything to fault about this game besides potentially too much grind between restaurant levels but everything else is top notch. The music is jazzy, the graphics bright and cheerful, and the gameplay is a perfect blend of restaurant management sim with fast-paced, typing-tutor-like action."
,Recommended,247020,13970102,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Dana,"Cook, Serve, Delicious! is the most fun cooking simulation casual game I ever played. It's more fun to play it than Hotdog Bush. Not gonna compare this with Diner Dash and it's spin-offs because that's a totally other game.This game made my hands move faster and made my head ache because of the stress it gives me. Nonetheless, I had fun playing it and reaching all of its achievements is really crazy, crazy in a good way."
,Recommended,247020,8587360,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Ashelia,"This is a fun gem and one I suggest. It's a mix between strategic games from Maxis circa the 1990s and cute social games for the Facebook crowd. The end result is a highly addictive, challenging restaurant manager with a lot of heart--it took me completely by surprise. The developer also seems to really care about the game; he posts publicly and thoughtfully about it, even apparently adding a free expansion pack to it prior to its Steam release. By purchasing it, you're supporting niche games and indie devs. To me, there's honestly a lot worse things you can get for $9.99. It's completely worth checking out."
,Recommended,247020,28318117,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,calibrojosh10,"What I liked:A decent cooking game with a unique way to cookthe rhythm of cooking during rush hourThat feeling when you know the recipes by heart and fly by those ordersWhat You Need to Know:This is not a simulation game, you don’t really manage a restaurant. It’s mostly on the food minigames that is the core gameplay, no prep, tweaking food prices, supply and demand.The beginning is very slow when not during rush hour everyday. Later in the game when at 3 star your restaurant you will have very little downtime. It’s stressful and challenging but really fun.I do hate that can’t start the order over if you made a mistake and can force you lose the perfect day bonus, which early on  a lot compared to your daily income, later on in the game, it’s not really neededI wish you the stats gave me more info like how many days I had an item on the menu, tips per food to try and maximize my profits broCooking is a button mashing mechanic with each item being something different; chores are the same way (love the robbery minigame, sarcasm of course)You can bet money to see how many perfect orders you can get in a row, everyday its randomized what items are needed on the menuI played this using a controller, it just seems easier but mistakes can be made when using the analog sticks. ( I did try using the mouse and the arrow keys only, it's doable, but damn it's a clickfest. I don't know how keyboard is even plausible)This game is very repetitive; your goal is to get to a 5 star restaurant. A checklist of requirements needs to be met to go up a starThey require 20 days minimum as the annoying requirement. This requirement will be the last one done and wish this wasn't a requirement. It would make the game shorter, more enjoyable, and less grindyThere are catering and iron chef style events that offer different challenges, but are few and don't happen till level 2 and 3 restaurants. Each level of star takes about 3-4 hours.You are rewarded if you have a perfect day, sadly if you make a mistake in an order you can’t restart the order and have to take the penalty. You can just restart the day over if it was at the beginning, otherwise I would just take the hit and not get bonus( because money was never really an issue)It might sound like the game is bad, it’s not, it’s just not great either. I wanted it to be more of a management cooking game( plus I played this after playing Overcooked which is amazing)My Score:CPaid:$2.5Main reason for not finishing: very repetitive and tedious( plus not a real management game)Games similar:OverCooked (amazing!!)The Cooking Game (way more casual)Pizza Express( more management style)"
,Recommended,247020,31238588,Posted: 19 April,all,Oxygen,"I mean uh, just look at my play time..."
,Recommended,247020,16753146,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,max weiners,"Listen, man. Listen.This aint your run of the mill, mobile diner dash game.This is the good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Pure MFing heroin. Don't believe me?Try getting a perfect day with both nachos and soup on your menu. Yeah, I know you feel that rush."
,Recommended,247020,12883170,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,redsoul41,"The title says it all! Cook, Serve, Delicous! is a game that's worth your money. Do you need a stress reliever game? This can be one of them if you like to take out your stress through a fast-paced game.I totally recommend this game to everyone. This is a very nice arcade game with upgrades for your food from one star to 3 stars. You can even buy equipments that will help your business. Experience a game where you don't just serve the food but you also prepare and cook it yourself. A unique feature of this game is that you also need to find the time to do your chores like flushing the toilet, throwing out the trash, washing the dishes, etc.Time management is the key. Beware of rush hour, when your buzz (the chance of customers coming to your restaurant) is high, efficiency and concentration is needed. You don't want a single customer get mad at you, would you?Pros:+ The game is very realistic in terms of all the work present in a restaurant/food chain+ You don't just continuously play with the same food items on your menu since there are buzz conditions where serving a food for 3 straight days will lead to a menu rot (the food is not in demand anymore) stat to the food which means if you still serve it, it'll decrease the number of customers that will come to your restaurant/food chain.+ Addicting to the bone!Cons:+ It'll take a bit of practice to get used to the key bindings since it has a lot of buttons involved for every food.Note: A new feature called the kitchen battle is still on beta where you battle other players in cooking, I guess, I haven't tried it though."
76561198019173178,Not Recommended,247020,13928311,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,SilverAgeFan,"Thinking about Cook, Serve, Delicious, I wish there was a third option in terms of my recommendation: a sideways thumb. Before I begin, I would like to admit I have a fake food fetish. Wooden toy sushi rolls, plastic hamburgers that can be assembled, lego food. It all stirs my imagination and I often find lingering over these items when I encounter them if out holiday shopping for nieces and nephews. So the premise, setting and aesthetics of most any cooking sim definitely attracts me.Now on to this game itself:I've seen CSD described as a ""hardcore cooking/restaurant"" sim. It's not though.The game boils down to an ellaborate typing and algorithm test. The restaurant and cooking simulation gets a bit weird when soup reveals itself to be one of the most complex dishes to prepare in the game, as you are tasked with prepping each order for soup from scratch.One missed keystroke not only spoils a dish but you are forced to serve the meal to the customer even though you've cuaght the error. There is no option to ""start over"" at a hit for time and or money spent on wasted food.In my mind, a real 1st person hardcore restaurant sim would challenge you to manage time, like choosing to prep veg and make a new pot of soup prior to lunch rushes. To anticipate and use down time strategically between meals. You might even get a sous chef or kitchen hand who can help chop carrots, etc. or maybe you need to send them to the nearest market because your kitchen just ran out of cream or butter (as sometimes happens in the real world!).It's not that I want a restaurant sim that is as so close to reality that it would fit in with titles such as ""Farming Simulator 2015."" I think an ideal title in this genre could still have the same pace of gameplay that this first iteration of Cook Serve Delicious has, but I would like to see a little more nuance in the structure of the day and the gameplay throughout the day other than a speed challenge to mash buttons with no planning or strategy. For gods' sake, at least make a pot of soup serve 6-10 customers!Short of it, I think the cooking game genre still has a ways to go. There is room out there for a true ""hardcore cooking & restauarant sim."" But despite it's charms, CSD is not that title for me.(That being said, I've become something of an achievement hound as of late and I will likely continue to play the game, at least till I hit around 50% completion.)"
76561198044381397,Recommended,247020,25272473,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Goblin Jesus,This game is really good for memorizing where keys are located on a keyboard.
,Recommended,247020,31188734,Posted: 16 April,all,Penumbra,Let me mash all my keyboard buttons loudly to make you a steak.
,Recommended,247020,8361688,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Bear Necessities 🐻,Micromanagement: The game.Probably the most autistic game I cannot put down
,Recommended,247020,8019287,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,0dds_0f_Even,"This is the only cooking game on steam that I find addictive to play because of it's hard & fast game mechanics to see how much food you can cook, I'm going to post my thoughts on what makes this game delicious (At The End Of Each Day You Might Get Positive Or Negative Buzz depending on how good your culinary skills are).Pros:1. Lots of food2. Lots of upgrades for your food3. Hard, Fast & Rewarding4. Good Art5. Very Addictive7. Extra Events a.k.a Challenges that can reward you extra cash but some challenges are way harder to do8. Random E-mails (Some of them are funny)9. Good Tutorials10. You Can Date Other People Who Love Cooking (Not Actual People Just In The Game)11. Good MusicCons:1. I thought the lack of multitasking was an issue for me like for example I'm cooking a burger but I notice some of my other food or chores is going to disappear if I don't interact with it so I try to click on the disappearing object while I'm cooking the burger but nothing happens (Well The only Time I'm able to click on a disappearing object while I'm cooking is if the food is ready to serve), I thought there would be multitasking with the food & chores but I guess not...2. Every time you do a correct dish for the person your dating they always take up most of your time texting which leaves a lot of angry customers because I'm busy using my cellphone instead of making food (Again this is an issue with no multitasking)Overall This game always makes me hungry & I highly recommend buying this Yummy Game."
,Recommended,247020,8352153,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,anger management rex,"I opened a restaurant that serves corn dogs, beer, pretzels and baked potatos.Get on my level witchetty grub.9/10 homosapiens would flip burger patties, the one who would not, would masturbate into the mayo jar to save a few pet tarantulas."
,Recommended,247020,33125085,Posted: 2 July,all,Amelia Vulpes,"This is the kind of game that you'll put hours into without realising it, on my first play, I had only intended to play it for about an hour whilst I had another game downloading, before I knew it I had spent a good four hours on it.It has a well paced progression, you can't just immediately become the best resteraunt, it requires time and effort, the challenge curve is well done, and once you get into the groove of it, you'll be serving customers like the God damn Flash, be careful though, it can be pretty easy to lose your wind if you lose focus.The art style is simple but charming, sound design is very well done, and the voice acting for the customers gives me a giggle now and then.I bought it during sale, £1.39, and I do not regret the purchase whatsoever, I'd say it's even worth buying at full price, if you can afford it and are looking for a game to spend hours on.It's also very satisfying if you play with a mechanical keyboard, the clicking and clacking of keys almost becomes theraputic after a while."
,Recommended,247020,34461826,Posted: 24 August,all,Quant Liz Lemon,Love it. Definitely improved my typing skills.
,Not Recommended,247020,8023324,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Commander Llama,"Sadly I do not recommend.Not a bad game, but a bit of a time waster.  It looks like many of the components for an enjoyable Cooking Mama style experience are here, but there is a grind present.  I found I could make $300-400 income per day of play (+250 for perfect days), but foods started costing $1000+ quickly.  It seems like more and more my income came from...gambling?  Some kind of in-email betting game.Food ""rots"" after being on your menu for 2 days, but, really?  In this game you can't become ""known"" for a particular dish I suppose.  All in all, the gameplay mechanics are a little confused.I've played for about 4 hours now and I am stuck here waiting for my play time to reach 20 in-game days to move on, I'm a little bored.This is not a true restaurant sim either, from glazing the achievements I can see there's much more to unlock, I just don't want to wait around to get there.  From the get-go, the game is lacking depth.  I didn't feel like I owned a restaurant or anything.Pro: Some lady with the same sprite showed up almost every day and ordered a beer at 9AM.  Dedication."
76561198112256735,Recommended,247020,14364233,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,lil sausage,i ragequit because i tenderized the chicken breast 7 times
,Recommended,247020,13555445,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Lunatia,"The same woman came by my restaurant for beer 7 times in a row. Shortly after, I had to clean the toilet. I think she may have a problem..."
,Recommended,247020,20218357,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Loney IIVNA,"Cook,Serve,Delicious!COOK,SERVE,DELICIOUS 2 WAS JUST ANNOUNCED!Summary:Cook,Serve,Delicious! is one addicting Restaurant Management game made by Vertigo Gaming made  available through steam. It's gameplay brings out the fast keyboard gamer in you, the graphics is simple yet gorgeous that sets the mood for the gamer. While repetitive at times, the game can really be fun and enjoyable but challenging specially during rush hours. I would recommend this game to all gamers, casuals and hardcore alike. Looking forward to the game's sequel in 2016, COOK,SERVE,DELICIOUS! 2GameplayIt's core gameplay is fresh,fun,thrilling  and fast paced but maybe repetitive for some. There are plenty of things to do from the mini-mini games like cleaning toilets,doing the dishes, drawing out a robber's face to more challenging stuff like the Battle Kitchen update which brings out the same formula but makes it seem fresh with challenges (Not for the new players tho').I find playing this in a marathon like session (I played for 5 hours straight) to be fun but quite repetitive.There is a reward system for spending countless hours in-game from the cosmetic upgrades to your restaurant when you achieve star ratings. Food can also be upgraded bringing in new ingredients making you re-memorize all the things you've come to remember when spamming for the buttons to make the dish.As you progress into the game, recipes you've known and love become more difficult and challenging giving out variety and randomness. While the game may repetitive for some, I find playing this game a fun and rewarding.9 out of 10GraphicsBefore you bash the graphics for being plain and simple (Compared to AAA games like Battlefield), it does it's job really extraordinarily well. The graphics are beautifully made, while not the best, I find the artstyle to be soothing to see and the art style is just WOW. I really enjoyed the background of the outside of sherrisoda, the day and night cycle and the planes passing-by is just a beautiful sight to see. The game rewards you with a star system. The star system gives your restaurant a new look each time. 0 Stars, you would expect to see that the restaurant is in a bad condition, progressing through the game, you can see an improvement in the atmostphere and appearance of your restaurant giving out a new vibe from arriving redneck truck drivers to your VIPs, Rich and Famous. I really like the game's graphics and atmosphere.10 out of 10SoundtrackJust WOW! The game's soundtrack is beautifully made by Jonathan Geer. The soundtrack blends well with the game's atmosphere and ambiance providing you with a classy and jazz feel to your gameplay. The music is masterfully made to suit the game and for all it's worth a must buy as well (Can be purchased as DLC)10 out of 10A really fun well made game from the guys at Vertigo.9.5 out of 10A must buy even if the game is not on sale!"
,Not Recommended,247020,29818374,Posted: 9 February,all,Zarozax,"This game is an exercise in repetition.On the plus side, the graphics are endearing (if limited), the mechanics are straightforward and easy to understand, and the in-game text has a bit of charm.However, the game quickly just becomes a grind-fest. During the normal campaign, there is very little incentive to branch out in the menu (I understand menu rot as a mechanic, but it doesn't make any sense in the context of a restaurant). The difficult curve doesn't really ramp up, even near the end. Honestly, I believe many of the players will stick with a menu consisting of a bunch of staples and a couple of items that are easy to make (fish, hint hint).But really the fatal flaw is the crazy amount of repetition that bogs the game down. It begins exciting and becomes painful. I hope CSD 2 fixes these issues, and I can't wait to try it!"
76561198018707296,Recommended,247020,25496368,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,jtfb94,Super great game for when one doesn't feel like playing anything else. Committing the actions to muscle memory and allowing your fingers to fly around the keyboard can be quite therapeutic!
,Recommended,247020,14165426,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Wrath of Tron,Stress and anxiety have never been so much fun.
,Recommended,247020,30672201,Posted: 22 March,all,DeepGhosts,"I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game.Seriously this is really fun if you have a crappy laptop and just want something small to get by a boring family party (yes,this was very specific...I wonder why too).This reminds me of diner dash except that for that one I have over 400h.Anyway this♥♥♥♥♥♥is cool,just get it,if you don't like it...refund it."
76561198047281099,Recommended,247020,24001311,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,The Friendly Neighbourhood Spy,"This is basically Hell's Kitchen minus Gordon RamsayWhich is why its a 9.5/10, Gordon Ramsay is not screaming at you every secondIts a shame really"
,Recommended,247020,30212506,Posted: 26 February,all,Boop,"Jesus christ.At first I didn't pay much attention to the reviews.""How hard can a cooking game possibly be? I've played many of them during my childhood"" I thought.I was almost brought to tears from frustration. My heart is pumping. Rush hour may possibly give me a heart attack before the age of 25.10/10 good time waster and I feel like I just ran a marathon."
76561198141582765,Recommended,247020,12621423,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Sweetiepea,"I really like this game, it's quite challenging..not only serving the items but also saving up the money to go on to purchase upgrades and new foods. Most games make it rather easy but not this game, it also as bonus games which are called events and thats one way of getting some extra money.I don't really have a negative on this game, I think its quite a decent game for the price and I've played a good 6/7 hours and I'm nowhere near completing this game so for the couple of £'s that I spend..it truly is a bargain game.So if you like serving games, or cooking games then this game is for you. If not, check out the lets plays on youtube and then decide, don't wipe this game off so easily."
,Recommended,247020,10597601,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,★stromboli queen★,this game ruined my life. i love it
,Recommended,247020,31211382,Posted: 17 April,all,OrangePanda,"Very stressful but fun game, everyone should try this game."
,Recommended,247020,8277995,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Paikia,"I wasn't sure about ""Cook, Serve, Delicious!"" when I bought it, and I dare say that even 9 hours ingame, I still have mixed feelings about it. On one hand, I'm obviously having fun if I bothered to keep playing for so long, right? Well, sure, I can't deny that. On the other hand, though, the game really seems to lack the depth and complexity that in my humble opinion, could make it one of my all-time favorites....what exactly do I mean by that?Ugh, well.... The main item on the menu (pun intended :P) is the method of preparing the food. Simply smack a few keys in the right order and within the time limit. In my book, that's worthy of the word ""dull"", not to mention ""boring"". While I realize it's one of the main mechanisms of the game which is meant (I suppose?) to make the game require skill, I'm sure there are better ways to implement that. Personally, I would have really preferred a simulation or a startegy based mechanism. For example - improving my cooking skills ingame by means of character progression (taking courses, learning to cook, advancing levels and ranks, hiring more cooks or other specialists, and so on). There's still room for an action-based mechanism, but the current one simply isn't good enough in my humble opinion.This issue drives me nuts, since other than that, I really *love* this game! The concept is great - just this one major disadvantage. I do recommend this game to anyone who likes simulation games, just be prepared for the action skill requirement. Being an optimist by nature, I really hope the devs will work on a sequel, this time with the emphasis being on simulation and strategy when preparing the food, instead of just action. :)"
76561197976688119,Recommended,247020,8915906,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Minghawk,"Frantic lunacy, in the best possible way.  Despite its designation Cook, Serve, Delicious! is not a 'casual' game in the usual sense - it's possible to fire it up for a ten minute go, but in reality you'll be sat there an hour later wondering where the time went.Luck plays a small part, but this game rewards learning.  It allows you to become better at it as you become better at it, which is something that has become surprising rare in recent games.  A clean, simple concept executed in a very solid way, this is one of the best games I've played in recent years."
,Recommended,247020,33183916,Posted: 3 July,all,Shareoff,"I've been debating buying this game for quite a while.When I ended up buying it, I didn't expect too much of it - I thought it would be like a well done mobile port maybe? Like something mildly entertaining I'd play for a couple hours before getting bored. The $2 price seemed fair to me for such an experience, so I decided to buy it.Now that I've started playing it - I have literally no idea why I thought it's like that, this game is masterfully crafted, from the main gameplay (which is really engaging and fun and skillful), to the management phases (which are surprisingly tactical), to the amusing emails you get throughout the game.I think one system I really liked about the game is that you sort of set the difficulty for yourself. If you're doing badly, then the game will be easier - in this game most upgrades give you more money, but (in some cases) they also make the game more difficult, creating a kind of system where the game gets progressively more difficult as you get better and more able to handle it.I'd definitely recommend this game for anyone looking for something that doesn't require too much thought and is not frustrating, while being challenging and fun. It's a great unwind game for me and I've been really enjoying it!"
,Recommended,247020,14328157,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,RPG,"It's like Cooking Mama had sex with Typing of the Dead, and the offspring is connected to an IV Bag full of heroin."
,Recommended,247020,12882090,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Fohhx,I dont know why I like this game
,Recommended,247020,12996474,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Heavyweight Milk Factory,"In real life, you can't tell the customers to ♥♥♥♥ off.In Cook, Serve, Delicious, you can.10/10"
,Recommended,247020,24698217,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,bitter-hearts**,"Got it thinking it'd be a chill cooking game to fill my chill cooking game needs (they're my favorite short-burst time killers), ended up with a game that's anything BUT chill. It's actually really fast paced and the new recipes can throw you for a loop sometimes (until you get used to the key combos) -- but it's way more fun than I antecipated too!"
,Recommended,247020,16854358,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,El Guffo,"I bought this game expecting a fun little distraction for the next few days after seeing someone play it on YouTube.What I got, instead, was withdrawl symptoms.10/10"
,Recommended,247020,10035149,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Фида,"As a competitive typing enthusiastanda food lover, I stood no chance of resisting this game's charms. And ample charms they are: the art is full of life, the music is groovy, the sound design provides great feedback (I love thethwack!as I lay down ingredients), and there's a surprising amount of content for what looks like a simple casual game at first glance. Even the writing is subtly clever.So, what's typing got to do with this? It's pretty simple:I get to press lots of keys really quickly to make delicious food appear.It's extremely satisfying.If the gameplay looks daunting, fear not; the difficulty is highly adjustable by customising your active menu. As part of progression, you'll be buying new food items and upgrading them (making them more profitable but also, in most cases, adding complexity to their preparation). But when/whether you do this is up to you. Likewise, you can set up your menu to only include easier foods, or you can give yourself a challenge by filling it with difficult ones, or anything in between. This makes the game much more accessible, and it's part of why I feel confident in recommending this game to just about any kind of gamer."
76561198105677001,Recommended,247020,18660753,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Dustman121,"I remember as a preteen browsing flash game websites, ocasionally playing some restuarant simulator flash games. Customers come in, you take their order, and then you just slap together what they wanted with whatever the game gave you(Pizza, burgers, icre cream, whatever). This game is if somebody took those old flash games and notched everything up to 11.""Cook, Serve, Delicous!"" has a ridiculous amount of customization and choices to run your restuarant. The game is split up into individual days, and on each day you can set up to 6 menu items to serve to your customers. The foods in the game range from all sorts, from the typical pizza and burgers, to breakfast foods, to steaks and wine, to even more fanciful foods like sushi and lobsters.But it doesn't stop there then you need to consider each upside and downside of the foods, which affect how many customers you get in a day, then there's daily chores to go along with serving your customers, then you can upgrade your foods to increase preparation options and recipes, upgrades to equipment, occasional safety inspections that decrease the time alloted for chores, catering and cooking events, and more and more and more and more!And this isn't even going into the Battle Kitchen option that gives even more challenges!Also, everything in this game is made satisfying with well made sound effects as you slap on ingredients or hearing the sound of a well poured beer. The controls are very tight and well suited for each individual meal you prepare.The mmusic however is one of the weaker points. It's well made music, but there's not many tracks in the game, you'll often hear repeats of tracks on each day, they're not very memorable either, but at worst they serve as suitable background music.And like I said earlier there are multiple recipes for each dish, so at times I can  take an order for ""Pizza"", but I don't know if they want a regular old cheese pizza, or if they want a Deluxe full vegetable pizza with ham, bacon, sausage, pepperoni,  AND pineapple. Which makes it tricky at times to juggle your tasks without dissapointing a customer or missing any chores.Overall very addicting, and very satisfying to play."
76561198030892147,Recommended,247020,31662424,Posted: 10 May,all,77,"A great game and a great developer. The developer kept updating this game way beyond release date for completely free, the updates were large and included entirely new game modes. They didn't seem to be like other games that drop one or two big updates for marketing purposes and then leave the game entirely for years (e.g. when new expansions come out) as there were a lot of updates in this game and not linked to any flashy marketing tactics.To me this is exemplary, the devs seems to really care about the game and they are a great example for other developers and larger studios. I believe they can build a really good franchise if they can keep at it, and I hope their efforts are being recognised by the playerbase.I look forwards to the Cook Serve Delicious 2 and thank the devs for this amazing game."
,Recommended,247020,12908037,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,the chicken did it 🐔,"Fun and challenging.  Great sound effects.  Simulates the demanding, intensely dull work and the slim profit margins of food service perfectly."
,Recommended,247020,8799317,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,exrobite,"I saw this game being played and I thought it would help me pass a couple of hours, so I bought it. Immediately upon starting the game I was greeted with a warm, pleasing athstetic that is simply a sneaky mask for the cruel, relentless gameplay that it is built on. As soon as you think you have it under control, a new piece of equipment is unlocked, which unlocks a massive array of new dish possibilities. What happens when you have bought said equipment and mastered every single recipie (A very daunting task indeed)? Answer, you attain a new star, with it ensues more customers, more upgrades, new side jobs, etc.On top of this, the game offers many different little storys or upgrades through the email system. It even has it's own version of Kickstarter!Overall, this is a brilliant game and I fully reccomend it to fans of this genre!"
,Recommended,247020,13532034,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,oh hi hello there it's me,Who knew you could get tendonitis from opening a bottle of wine?
,Recommended,247020,24105515,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Arkelia,"Don't let the quirky graphics and the cooking theme fool you.This game is unexpectedly good and fun!It's not just about getting the right ingredients. You have to manage your menu, and you'll gain buzz bonus. The more buzz, the more people will come and of course, the harder it will be (risk/reward). Some items will rot if you let them 2 days on the menu, if you don't change them the 3rd day you'll get negative buzz bonus because of the smell :oSome items are easier to make than other, but some will get you more money than others (still a good balance risk/reward).During the normal course of the day you'll also have to flush the toilet, put out the garbage, taking care of mice, bet on your skills (and gain extra money!), try to find your soul mate, fund kickstarter projects (called click'n start :p) and dispence justice (yes T_T). I'm sure the list is not complete. The game is crazy! But in a good way :)You'll be able to buy upgrades for your restaurant and your food (more recipes, more ingredients, better price), you'll have special event, like cooking contests, or catering for parties. You'll also be able to compete on a leaderboard on some special game modes.For the price asked there is a lot of content, and it's good content.There used to be a demo available. Not sure if it's stil working but  you can try there:http://www.vertigogaming.net/_files/CSDdemo1_05.exeA CSD2 is coming this year and I can't wait to play it!"
,Recommended,247020,12872442,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,{G.I.T.V} ♛Legendary Villain♛,All the best and worst parts of the food service industry with a sugar coating!!  Just like captain crunch only it won't destroy the roof of your mouth.
76561198077595165,Recommended,247020,13775324,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Emmalina Crumb,Very detailed and creative. Fun to play :) Colourful. A must buy for any culinary enthusiast or average Joe.
76561197998782039,Recommended,247020,8381843,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Knight Of Virtue,"Surpringly great game with fairly unique gameplay. With simple yet franctic and fun gameplay and a solid soundtrack on top, the game is more than worth it's price! If the game is too challenging you can pick easier foods or if it's too easy you can pick more challenging foods, though tougher foods tend to give a better profit if you can pull them off (just beware of rush hour!).The only negative is that the options menu is a bit limited so if you like to tweak a bunch of settings for your game you'll be disapointed. That said it seems to run fine and I haven't encountered a bug yet.Simple yet addicting gameplay will keep most player entertained for many hours."
,Recommended,247020,28023926,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ryalseth,"Probably the greatest of all cooking-themed time management games, which really isn't saying all that much.You will be tried. You will learn the limits of your reflexes and reaction and knowledge of the recipes and controls, through experimentation and a gradual ramping of the overall pace, and you will learn to work within those limits to get through the day with minimal errors.Really fantastic game, very much looking forward to the sequel."
,Recommended,247020,16453644,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,BigHairyMan,"Cook, Serve, Delicious is a stressful, somewhat difficult but rewarding game. Requires extreme focus and will fatigue you within the first half hour. I can see putting in 30+ hours in this game easily.Pros:Colorful, sharp graphicsDecent musicChallenging gameplayTons of achievementsCheap priceCons:Eyes BurnExtreme fatigue after 30 minutes of playtimeMakes you hungry"
,Recommended,247020,8501919,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,A Cat,"I'd heard people raving about this game for a little while, but put off getting it because I didn't understand how a restaurant management sim could be so good. I've never been so wrong. Cook, Serve, Delicious is one of the most addictive games I've played in a long time. Every once in a long while a game comes along that just executes every single thing it set out to do, and executes those things perfectly. This is one of those games.It's a deep game, mechanically speaking. You have access to a large number of different foods, restaurant equipment, and upgrades that can make it easier to manage your customers, prepare your food, or earn the almighty dollar (which in turn lets you buy and upgrade more food, natch). But despite this, the game has one of the softest learning curves I've ever seen, gently letting you flourish from a struggling corn dog cart jockey to a masterful soux chef and maybe even find some love along the way.The biggest key to the success of CSD has to be it's intuitive nature. Not since Wii Sports have I played a game that has such natural feeling controls. After a few minor stumbles along the way (v for olives, n for onions) I find myself juggling prep stations with ease, pounding out orders quickly, glancing at the minimum info I need and making sure I'm not feeding anyone raw fish, unless they want it.Finally, the art and sound really seal the deal. The background music keeps things hopping and peaks and ebbs when it needs to, and the distinctive sounds for various events keep you focused on what's important. The perfect ""whoof"" that I heard the first time I set something on fire was particularly memorable, but the separate dings for dishes that are ready vs. prepped are  essential.In short, this is a fantastically well put together game that has given me more hours of enjoyment than several ""AAA"" titles (that cost me far more, to boot) and I can think of exactly zero reasons that would make me hesitate to recommend this game to anyone. Unless of course you're some kind of fun-hating grump."
,Recommended,247020,13299346,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,CascadeBeta,"One of the more underrated indie games on Steam, this game will force you constantly be on your toes as your diner goes from a 0 star waterhole to a 5 star world class eatery. The gameplay is incredibly tense, and you have to learn all the different details about every food in order to make sure you're putting in all your orders properly. Well worth the money, highly recommended!"
,Recommended,247020,14455019,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,jabroni,Its ♥♥♥♥ing fun buy it you video gamer NERD
76561198112417199,Recommended,247020,12728463,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,"Player of Many, Master of None","I really like this game! I can finally say I can cook, at least.But a question: Is there any chance we can potentially see more foods added to this? I like the current variety, but that's why I also want just a bit more things to boggle your mind with and still keep up with all other restaurant related matters.Long story short, I can highly recommend this game to anyone who wants to heighten their senses and learn to multitask."
76561198030025573,Recommended,247020,7856571,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Thelann,"Cook, Serve, Delicious! is the pinnacle of cooking sims. I honestly cannot begin to explain how utterly addictive the gameplay is.   The buzz system works quite well to ensure that days are never too difficult (okay, the beginning days are pretty difficult to get used to) nor too easy, and the ability to upgrade dishes and create one's own menu allows the player to further scale the game's difficulty.The game's visually appealing and filled with little challenges throughout the game to keep things interesting for hours. And while I wish there were options for customization on the restaurant itself, the lack of said options doesn't detract from the overall fun of the game.EDIT: Cook, Serve, Delicious 2!! is coming out soon. Check out the store page for new details. It looks like it will be addressing all my criticisms of the first game."
,Recommended,247020,30103772,Posted: 22 February,all,marv3fan,"I'm one of those types of people that can't stick with a game for more than a few hours.... Cook, Serve, Delicious is the first game in a long time I just could not get enough of."
76561198029462798,Recommended,247020,24950213,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,andyslint,"Addictive, fun and fast paced, great game, can't wait for cook, serve, delicious 2!!!"
76561197967021411,Recommended,247020,9182501,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,nap'o lion,"When you look at the screenshots and trailers this game might look like a browser game. I took the risk of buying it during the Christmas sale, I didn't regret that decision. After a few hours of playtime you notice this game offers a lot more content than a browser game.The variation in dishes and possibilities to upgrade those dishes, combined with 'chores' (for example: cleaning the toilet) makes each day of service different. The extra events that are included in the game are fun and challenging, they are also handy to learn the key bindings to be more efficient in serving your food on daily basis.The steam achievements, steam cooking challenges and leaderboards give the game a competitive aspect.In my opninion the game is very simple but it works. It's fun and addictive. You can easily play Cook, Serve, Delicious! for 30-40 hours until you have fully completed it.Even at it's current price I could advice anyone to buy this game."
,Recommended,247020,25583652,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Ombwah,"This game is ridiculously great. You didn't know it was as hardcore as a classical competitive combination-fighter, but it is. Can you triple hadoukin a lasagne, then do two burgers and a beer? Gamepad in hand, this is more intense than a fighter and has a deep management sim on the back end. Well worth the buy."
,Recommended,247020,10551720,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,addiestonester,me gusta.
76561198042237959,Not Recommended,247020,18788893,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,ezdez,"I want to like this - brings back memories of Diner Dash and Food Prep Flash Games. But the achievements and even upgrade list is daunting only in that you're doing the same tasks over and over to grind out yet another type of base + seasoning + sauce. The only thing that makes this game enjoyable is that rush and anxiety of serving multiple customers at once in a tight time frame. Once you know the key orders, it becomes a chore to play.. you are playing a food preparation game afterall, but the progression is too slow and increments too small. Gets boring real quick. Get it on a sale."
,Recommended,247020,34506393,Posted: 26 August,all,松岡 凛,"Who remembers the online McDonalds flash game, which had you making fries, burgers, etc and serve them? Boy, I sure do, because I was addicted to that game. And now I've found this little gem, which gives me the same problem. I need to stop playing and do something else, but I can play one more round right? 10/10 would recommend"
,Recommended,247020,32648655,Posted: 22 June,all,(-WCG-)Dino9599,"Absolutely amazing game, fun to play, hard to master, just glorious."
,Recommended,247020,9856326,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,GiantPlaidSquirrel,IS GOOD GAME PLAY NAO FOR HAPPY
,Not Recommended,247020,16445279,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Scourge,"It has 10$ worth of content. It's just locked behind a grind wall. It took me 3 hours to get to 2nd star resturant, 20 days ingame, it will take anouther 20 days to get 3rd star. With a total of 5 star resturants it's ~15 hours for the career mode alone, if you wanted to unlock all the recipes (minigames) it could take 30+ hours. That's the length of an average 60$ AAA game. A 10$ game should take 5-10 hours and be amazing. This game could have been amazing, but it feels like it was designed for mobile gaming."
,Recommended,247020,32900175,Posted: 27 June,all,Werupenstein,Mindless fun
,Recommended,247020,12866037,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Octavarium,"This game is a blast. To be honest, I think its underrated as a MLG warmup tool. It gets your hands moving faster than you'd believe! Its a really enjoyable game. The only knock against it is that it takes a little too long to level up your restaurant. I wish they had made this a little more accessible to people who aren't interested in investing a lot of time into it in order to advance through the levels. After all, while the game is a lot of fun, it does feel grindy after a while and the lack of progress can be disheartening.Overall, its a game worth owning."
,Recommended,247020,12543529,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Cas,"So much fun and difficult, not one of those games that you can learn in 5 minutes and zone out.  Very funny."
,Recommended,247020,10301538,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Dovahkitty,Love it! Sometimes it makes me hungry =3
,Recommended,247020,22790397,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Hem,"Wow, this game is really cool! I was not at all prepared to be that entertained. The gameplay is really a casual game's gameplay, graphics too, it's repetitive... So I could not understand all these great ratings! Now I do!The developers did a really good job, because its simple gameplay gets so much addictive: press corresponding keys to take a plate, put some ingredients, cook it, serve... delicious! Funny situations can turn out- distracted by all the dishes to wash, you get confused by the *ding!* of a potato in the oven... and serve a raw pizza to a very angry customer!I am not done with that game, actually far from it, it feels like I am still at the beginning, it takes time to have a perfect restaurant! And yet I know every time I have ten minutes to kill, I'll try with pleasure to play 2 or 3 days and buy this fryer or this soda dispenser I've been eyeing for weeks!I do recommend and I look forward to its sequel, such a nice little game deserves more content!"
,Recommended,247020,8664151,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,[IG] Chubbs,"I went into this game thinking it would be a pleasant if not brief diversion, something easily digested and moved on from. I was wrong. The action starts out intense and only gets crazier as you buy new dishes and upgrade those you have; rush hours, which are already scary, become absolutely insane when you have to cut vegetables for soups or make steaks with all the different seasonings in different quantities.The game is simple enough to get right into but it offers just enough advancement and development to keep the player interested. I should say so; I'm about to play some more."
76561198051862721,Recommended,247020,10242202,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Loupuggg,"Cook, Serve, Delicious is an enjoyable game that requires the player to execute various key patterns in order to make customers' orders in a timely and accurate fashion.  A customer comes in and places an order from a menu you (as store owner) have personally selected.  You must execute the key pattern (different for every food type) to match the order (a peperoni pizza, two scoops of vanilla ice cream with sprinkles, etc) all while making sure your customer doesn't get impatient and, god forbid, walk out.  You earn money per sale, and your customers' happiness determines your business flow.With the money you earn you can purchase new menu items, upgrade already existing items, and purchase new equipment and upgrades for your restaurant, all with the goal of working up to five star status.  Having perfect accuracy and timing for your orders earns you combos, which get you extra cash  if you place bets on yourself.  The better you do, the more buzz you will get from the public, and the busier and more difficult the game will become.It can get old, and at times does seem a little bit like work, but for a cooking and restaurant management sim it is great."
,Recommended,247020,10086096,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,JaffaCaffa,"I have been playing this game for months and I still really enjoy it. It's slightly repetitive, but there are numerous easter egg quirks throughout the game that will make you laugh out loud and stay engaged. (Tip: read the e-mails. They are all excellent.) The difficulty scaling is just right, it keeps you wanting to play more in order to unlock more recipes/items and become a master chef. Looking back, it's amazing how much better I have gotten. When I first started playing I thought there was no way I'd be able to do the 5-star restaurant since I was having some trouble..I thought I'd bitten off more than I could chew (pun intended). But now I get in the zone and am normally able to beat it with ease (I just rage whenever I don't get a perfect day. Curse you multiple soups during rush hour!) Lots of fun, constantly being updated, and it's a casual game that you can pick up whenever you're craving to play. Definitely worth the money, a great addition to anyone's game library!EDIT: Yes using a keyboard/mouse is easier to use. However the fact that they made this work as well as they did with controller support is incredible. I thought for sure it would be really difficult considering the amount of ingredients some foods have but they proved me wrong — kudos!"
,Recommended,247020,20714892,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Six,"Just finished the entire game with achievements, and despite some problems, I still recommend it.[PROS]- Original concept that you don't see much. Nice for working out your typing skills, multitasking skills, reading speed, and memory.- Nice graphics for a 2D game.- Lean and intuitive UI.- Achievements are actually doable in a lifetime.- Addictive.[CONS]- Makes you hungry.- Your girlfriend will think you're taking cooking lessons and have more expectations.- Balancing problems between various foods. Some complicated foods provide little reward. So why make them? Fish, for example, are quick and easy to make (even fully upgraded, they only have 2 recipe cards), attract customers and have a very rapid return-on-investment. So why make anything else?- The game quickly becomes repetitive. You come to expect more content out of improving your restaurant other than just a skin change and customers with more patience.- The game describes itself as hardcore but is actually very easy. Can be done completely without ever using the optional VIPs, bets and dating mechanisms.- It feels like the New Game Plus mode was added as a last-minute afterthought. It induces even more balancing problems and the game actually becomes even easier than before. Feels very untested.[SPECIAL NOTES ABOUT NG+]- Because of the constant 50% positive buzz, you'll never be in trouble of lacking customers.- You'll actually be trying to artificially decrease the number of customers by keeping the same fatty foods on your menu for a long time and putting alcohol on the menu (going against everything you learnt in the previous game mode).- By the time you get to a 2-star restaurant and because of all the customers, you should have enough money to get through the whole game.- After this point, you can even go through days without touching your keyboard, failing all your food orders. The only consequence will be less customers the following day, which is actually a good thing!Finally, the game has a major design oversight: by leaving cooked foods burning on the stove / grill (for example steak, chicken or fish), you can block several / all your prep stations from receiving new customers. This allows you to make the game simpler by effectively removing a number of prep stations for the day at 0 negative buzz (I'm not an expert at cooking, but steak burnt for 13 hours should not be viewed by customers as ""average""...).In NG+, you can use this to take a 5-minute break away from your computer or laugh at 8 idiots watching their food burn for a whole day while effectively avoiding super rush hours (""extreme difficulty"" achievement :-)), robberies, chores and it gives you a free pass to safety inspections! Once you've satisfied the other items on your level-up checklist, it's a quick and easy way to go through the remaining days unaffected."
,Recommended,247020,9256922,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Sinistar,"I can't quite put my finger on what makes this game so great. It's this perfect blend of reflex-based chaos and management sim, that works oh so well.The visuals are really clean, simplistic, and pleasing to the eye. The music is fantastic. The sound effects are fitting. The gameplay itself is extremely fast-paced and can become downright madness. It's simply put- a blast. It harkens back to what games should be: fun. If you find yourself looking for a nice change of pace, or something to alleviate that stress brought on by excessive amounts of surviving any of the digital wastelands dominating the Top Seller list, give this a shot. You won't be disappointed."
76561198014704153,Recommended,247020,20863320,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,WolfauraRose,"Rather hectic and fast paced restaurant management game which reminds me of when I worked in cafes and lunch bars.Dislike that there is no option to have other staff, just 1 person, serving, cooking  and cleaning.Bit too crazy as most places have at least 4 staff. Not just one person to do everything.As a manager I would rather not do the cleaning and pay someone to do it. Wish the game allowed you to hire staff, at least a cleaner.Dislike how I have to do iron cook show challenges to get 4 stars. Don't think I can pass it. I can't do 5 fast paced rounds and not make more than 2 mistakes.This is not a true restaurant sim as you're the only one working in a restaurant which is insane. You can't hire staff, you can't choose prices for the food.Lack of realism aside I enjoy the game mostly, it's very addictive despite being stressful, frustrating and fast paced I like the challenge up to a point.6/10. doesn't get higher as the fun eventually wears off and gets too fast, stressful, no longer fun and eventually feels worse than a real job."
,Recommended,247020,31158880,Posted: 15 April,all,jessierphillips,"So. Much. Fun. I was skeptical about this game upon purchase but have since not been able to stop playing. Beautiful asthetic value, fun, and challenging. Seriously cannot wait for #2!"
76561198034432601,Recommended,247020,8471923,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,MandaPanda ʕ﻿ •ᴥ•ʔ,"Cook, Serve, Delicious! is not a regular restaurant simulation.  You play as the waiter and the chef.  You take the orders, cook the food and serve it to your waiting customers.  The game is fast paced as you juggle between attending to customers and keeping your restaurant clean.  It keeps your interest with upgradable food items, new restaurant equipment, and challenges.  Very fun game."
,Recommended,247020,9817623,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Scort Wanler,"This game was probably my favorite game to come out in 2013, and I still love playing it now.The controller is amazing, can be hard to get used to at the start but when you get that rumble as you're going along, it's just enjoyable."
76561198119279482,Recommended,247020,22519605,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,bschmader,"This is by far one of my favorite games that I own in my Steam Library. When people want to know a lesser known game that I recommend, I recommend this game.Cook, Serve, Delicious! is a wonderful game that simulates what it would feel like being on a the line for a popular restaurant. You have to cook, you have prepare, you have to serve the food all perfectly or face the consequences. CSD is a restaurant sim, it is a cooking sim, it is the food simulator that we've been waiting for. The gameplay is excellent, the different modes are challening and bring new ways to play the game. If you want to just casually play a few rounds, you can do that, if you want to compete against those around the world, you can do that as well."
76561198274737011,Recommended,247020,22730057,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,SilentOctober,"An absolutely delicious game! It's so engaging and complex for a cooking game! I would definitely recommend it if you're into cooking games and enjoy a challenge. The graphics are mouthwatering, and the recipes get more and more complicated as you upgrade them. You can set your own menu for your restaurant, you have to give 100 percent of hard work every second of the in-game day, to create positive buzz (popularity) from customers, and you have to invest in your restaurant in other ways except buying new equipment. It's quite realistic to a point. I won't spoil it further. The only annoying thing I've encountered is the ""menu rot"" thing, having to change the dishes in your menu every couple of days, I've seen other fans commenting on it. But come to think of it, it's great to get a fresh change in menu every other day, it keeps the game interesting and creative.I also dislike how some of the negative buzz created by some menu items doesn't seem to be very realistic. Why would anyone mind for having alcohol on the menu? I'd say, in an office building, it's a plus.I really love the music, it's so playful and it really keeps you engaged during rush hour, when you need to focus a lot in order to do a good job!The customer animations and sounds are priceless. I like how they get more upper class too once you gain more stars for your restaurant.I also love how there are a lot of in-game games, like the Iron Cook Challenge (think MasterChef).This game is such a delight, it always demands more of you, it's a game you can truly try your best to play to perfection. Kudos to the creators for creating such fun, interesting and original content. And for making it truly challenging. I've been playing cooking games for a long time but this is by far my favorite.For such a reasonably small price, considering the amount of game content (some of it, high-end dishes, recently added) this game is definitely worth trying out! It's a bargain, and a must-have for any foodie with a gaming passion! :)"
,Recommended,247020,33552183,Posted: 14 July,all,Skidachio,"Initially i was a little unsure of whether i'd want to keep playing it and i couldn't handle the rush hour at all. But once you've done it a few times, you learn it pretty quick and get into the swing of things. Sure you may not play it endlessly for days on end, but you'll always hop on it for a little fun, when you want something a little more simple, or when you're just in the mood to ""cook"" things. I'm sure most of the meals i've served would've caused severe food poisoning. Might explain why i always need to flush the DAMN TOILET.The only bad point i could say about it, is since some ingredients start with the same letter, it can be hard setting up alternate keybinds for ingredients on certain dishes (i set N on oNions since O was taken for Olives).TL;DR, it's a great little game for the price that will grow on you and offer little comfy game sessions of which i can't think of any other game that offers this. Highly recommend it. There is a sequel coming out as well if you're interested."
,Recommended,247020,33086578,Posted: 1 July,all,heartagramguy,"Unsure if you want this game but it looks like something you'd enjoy? Catch it on sale! Totally worth the 2$ i paid for it! I'd even say its worth the full price. Full of content, new stuff, upgrades and very fast paced gameplay. I love this game."
,Recommended,247020,9975657,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Nifty,"Honestly, this game is so much fun! I really recommend to try it out if you like sim's. I had over 30 hours of fun for 8,99€, and was sad when it was over. Totally worth it!"
,Recommended,247020,27543403,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[TTB] Timsworth,It's great and scales well in difficulty.
76561197964120751,Recommended,247020,34836715,Posted: 9 September,all,Hyperlynx,"I love this game. I love it, and think it's fantastic.However! There's no real penalty for screwing up. The only effect of making mistakes is that your ""buzz"" is lowered, and the only thing ""buzz"" does is increase how many customers show up. You don't actually have any ongoing expenses running the restaurant, so it doesn't actually matter at all how well you do.I feel that this is a serious, critical flaw in the game. It feels like it doesn't really matter how well you perform, because there's no consequence for failure. I think this game could be improved 1000% if it was possible to lose the game, eg by going out of business because you ran out of money or failed too many health inspections.Nevertheless, even without that the game is extremely good. Really, really good. The mechanics are tight and enjoyable. I tend to play like every order matters, and it heightens my enjoyment of the game.All in all, it's a good game and I recommend it."
76561198279823551,Recommended,247020,32178258,Posted: 4 June,all,adamreed08,I love this game but it can get repetitive
,Recommended,247020,26396579,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Jiufu,"Served ice cubes when customers asked for drinks.Customer reactions: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯Came back the next day.10/10 would cook and serve again, delicious is not a guarantee."
76561198076886763,Recommended,247020,10985684,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,PineappleSun,"Customers don't like getting free ice cream. Customers don't like getting a free upgrade on their drink. Customers don't throw the drink in your face if you get it slightly wrong. Customers are kind of ok with missing ingredients. Customers don't care if you serve the guy who came after them, as long as they get their food in time. Customers don't get bored waiting for the food to be prepared, as long as you have taken their order. The customers in this game are the opposite of real world ones. 10/10 I love the stress."
,Recommended,247020,24987613,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,ShadowTail,An awesome timewaster.  It took me a few minutes to get used to but once I got the basic's down I became the next Iron Chef of Butterville America! :D -  Absolutely had a blast with this game!
,Recommended,247020,15636823,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,TiGGaZ,"I tried to cook a chicken breast, i ♥♥♥♥ed up. 10/10."
,Recommended,247020,11944629,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,x,"This game is such a fun, simple, addicting game that I recommend to everyone. Not to mention that the idea and the concept is completely original and also very easy to control.""CSD u complete me"""
76561198114901816,Recommended,247020,33637551,Posted: 18 July,all,tom.skotheim,"I see one of the tags for the game is ""leisure"". Well, good sirs, I couldn't disagree more. When you go on a bet with Crazy Dave to finish of a day perfect, and you have 3 burgers and 2 pizzas in the oven, the dishes needs washing and the trash is piling up, it's anything BUT leisure. Frustratingly hard at times, referring mainly too the more advances servings and the iron cook challenges, but I've spent about 40 hours on it. And STILL can't get past the two last iron cook challenges. Good fun, but excpect to be stressed as hell, ♥♥♥♥ing up things when you get out of the rythm, just wishing you didn't have both soup, pizza and burgers on the same day!"
,Recommended,247020,30000428,Posted: 17 February,all,乱堆糖果,"One of my favorite games with great soundtrack and surprisingly not-so-repetitive gameplay.I thought this is just another normal repetitive simulation game that you play for two or three days and never pick up again, but it actually have a lot of content to unlock and I did not realize this game had a dating system after like 30 hours of gameplay (I know... what?). And I feel like it has an appropriate level of difficulty and a reasonable learning curve that foods getting harder with upgrades.This is one of the games that doesn't require much thought or continuity, so you can play it whenever you feel like taking a short break, and you can pick it up a month later and wouldn't feel like you forgot everything about it. Overall, a really nice casual game. Looking forward to CSD2 as well!Important warning: Do not play this when you are hungry."
,Recommended,247020,12465116,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Uri Zach,"I really love this game.It's fast pace gameplay really worth it!The foods are addicting to make and the game's force to change foods every in-game day makes the game very fun and sometimes challenging with the new game + and expert mode.This game is really worth the buy if you ever eaten in your life, ever."
,Recommended,247020,15740683,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,~ Molly ~,"I HATE RUSH HOUR ! XD6 Orders at a time, but customer CAN'T WAIT !Put Bacon before onion and they MAD at me !Robbery stolen money, police want me to draw his face while I taking orders, HE CAN'T WAIT !Got a lot of equipments to cook and run restaurant, but CAN'T HIRE ANY EMPLOYEE !Well, atleast I know how hard to open restaurant. This game is very addictive by the way, fun and so intense, one the order go bad, you will lost your mind. (I do :P)Worth to buy and it not to hard, it about how fast are you to do it XD"
76561198038416288,Recommended,247020,10872907,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Articulatefish,"Fun and surprisingly addicted keyboard mashing cooking game. Progression can be a timesink but still very enjoyable, and there is definitely a feeling of the game getting more and more difficult as you continue."
,Recommended,247020,21246659,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Gluten,"This game brings on all new levels of stress.Without the keyboard controls this game would be impossible. It takes a bit to remember/memorise the controls, but once you nail it it's so satisfying! Be prepared to get frustrated and annoyed... and be able to memorise a bunch of different ingredient keys. I highly recommend this game - super fun yet intense!"
,Recommended,247020,8317431,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,ٳ Tyler ٳٰ,This is without a doubt the best Invoker training game I have ever played. Aghs scepter + Refresher ain't got nothing on soups and pastas during rush hour.
,Recommended,247020,11438031,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Szin,people keep asking me to put flavor blast in their water
,Recommended,247020,8566424,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Mr. Bulldops,"More like Cook, Serve, Awesome!"
,Recommended,247020,9181648,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Lirikker,Fabulous! Very Good. Worth the buy!
,Recommended,247020,8848620,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,DrSenzuBean,Highly addicting and extremely fun! Be sure to take a break every 3 hours though...
,Recommended,247020,10733267,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Otterpoppins,"Cook, Serve, Delicious! is essentially a frantic restaurant ""quick time event"" game. A simple premise with a lot of thought put into it, but also a ton of fun and definitely worth the price."
76561198068465411,Recommended,247020,19848090,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Egotistical Raven,"This game seems on the surface to be a casual cooking/managment game that you often find on free online games websites. This is a cooking game, and a management game, but it is quite debateable whether or not it is 'casual', although I am not saying all casual games are bad, as I have played some good ones, but it does seem to not have as many fatures as a casual game, as cooking and casual aren't always the same thing.The reason I say this isn't a casual game, is because when you think of casual games, you would normally think of a relaxing and easy-to-play game, something where you don't need to think. This game is far from relaxing, it is a great simulation of having a panic attack. There is no easy mode, only normal and extreme, and even normal mode can seem quite impossible. Juggling all these different foods, while at the same time having to do chores, such as flush the toilet, because we all know that's a chef's job.The gameplay in this is not only intense, but it is also centred around typing. It would be easy if it was simply typing out words, such as what the food/recipe was, but no, you have to prapere the food, and each ingrediant/action is one letter, meaning you will end up muttering to yourself while you type a ridiculous combo of letters and numbers.PSCR PSCR PSCROnce you get use to one combonation of letters for a certain meal, you will then, upgrade it as you go, and struggle to learn even more keys. As well as prapering foods for consumtion, you need to amke sure they don't burn, that you don't accidentally press 4 when you meant to press 5 and serve the food undercooked.There is so much more to be said about this game: the graphics, the music, the humour and references, the progression, the events, etc. But all that needs to be said for it, is that you should buy it and play it, as it is quite worth it's money, and is a very enjoyable game, with a very high replay value."
,Recommended,247020,8509144,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Meg,Do you recommend this game?  Yes.
76561198155820797,Recommended,247020,21000787,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,walkerjusty,This is great fun. It is everything this type of game should be without the annoying 'gems' and wait times of mobile games of this genre.
,Recommended,247020,9414129,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,MARZ || Pure Darkness,You cook you serve and you make it delicious! What can be better than that?!Anyway this is an intense fast-paced cooking game with extra events on the side that keep you playing untill the end.
,Recommended,247020,18559429,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Sinistral Gamer,"When I bought CSD, I didn't know what I was getting into, it was actually on sale for like, %90 and I bought it as a sidekick small time waster along with Dead Space 2 and Burnout Paradise. The game turned out so good that I played it 47 hours, FORTY ♥♥♥♥ING SEVEN hours and to be honest it gave me more panic than the ultimate Dead Space 2 and I needed to be faster than in Burnout Paradise.On an average day your panic level is high enough but on a rush hour god dammit...If you know a game that puts your reflexes and hand-eye coordination to the limits of humanity, shut the ♥♥♥♥ up you haven't played this yet.10/10 would get migraines all over again."
,Recommended,247020,11341213,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Jesicu,Can't stop playing. It's like Kitchen Dash on crack.
,Recommended,247020,24382953,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Vertex138,"This game starts out incredibly difficult and almost detered me from deciding to play it more than a few times, but once I got the hang of it and leanred what foods I'm good at preparing, it's incredibly fun! Of course, this game certainly won't appeal to many people. The concept of ""Run your restaraunt from the ground up"" isn't exactly a very new genre; it's a genre that has been used and adapted by many for ages. Nevertheless, the playstyle is unlike anything else I have played before, and the art, music, and suprising amount of subtle humor is what kept me coming back. I'd reccomend giving it a shot- you just may love it!"
,Recommended,247020,13487294,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Paul McCartney,The Ninja Gaiden of cooking games.
,Recommended,247020,8226753,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Sailor Mars,This game is very fun and very addicting. You choose how easy or how hard the game is based on what you buy. The harder it is...the more it seems to pay out!
,Recommended,247020,31578958,Posted: 6 May,all,Stargrace,One of those mindless fun games that you mean to play just for an hour and before you know it 3 have passed.
,Recommended,247020,20271465,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Toshib_htr,An execellent video game!
76561198004028296,Recommended,247020,16469190,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,aktiGuglhupf [AUT],I have a 5 star restaurant and I date so many women as never before in my life.i'm lovin' it
,Recommended,247020,7347370,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,Kou,"Do you like hilarious spam e-mails and juggling serving customers various complicated food stuffs? Then Cook, Serve, Delicious is for you!!!!!1"
,Recommended,247020,8323260,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Gunstarheroes,"Easy to learn, hard to master, like all the best quick-paced games of its style, the game keeps you addicted with its mix of lite sim elements and quick-paced gameplay."
,Recommended,247020,17764660,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Uncle Phil,"in both incidents i have lost all my fingers getting up to 4 stars in cook serve dilicious,my wife and children have left me for another man, saying ""I've lost my dignity consideringwhat  i've done"", i just laugh, sitting on the street, homeless wondering whats the next part ofmy life, they call us the boat people, ""no"" i say ""call us the cook, serve delicious people""11/10"
76561198071981927,Recommended,247020,12822410,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,jtc0999 (TCOL),"This game, after watching a youtuber play it, seemed fun, so i got it.I can't explain why, but its one of THOSE games that you become addicted to when you play it. The game presents itself as it is: You run a resturaunt (Seemingly alone with no other staff), you cook food, server it, earn money, buy new foods, repeat.However, you have some things i myself have NEVER seen in resturant games before:-You can cater to outside sources-You can participate in a speical challange (Like the iron cheif in ORDER UP!)-You have an e-mail system where you can get e-mails which can either help or hurt you (Also junk mail is sent)-You can be robbedYou must keep up with chores (Washing dishes, taking out the trash, toilet maintenance, and setting rat traps) While also making sure you keep your customers happyNow, all this CAN seem overwhelming, and it is at first, but once you get used to it and buy some upgrades (You can upgrade multiple things to help you, as well as upgrade your shop), it becomes just paying attetion. Not to mention, it contains FULL keyboard support, so while serving customers, you don't have to touch your mouse at all if you don't want to.All in all, Cook, Serve, Delicious! is a truly unique game that i enjoy, and many other people would enjoy as well. It depends on your taste in games, but if you like unqiue games, you just HAVE to give this game a try."
,Recommended,247020,24154524,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,operanon,"Picked this up during the sale on the recommendation of a friend. It didn't sound like my cup of tea at all, and like I predicted, I sucked at it. I decided to play another day, and noticed that I already knew a few dishes by heart and was rapidly improving. It's challenging yet at the same time absolutely something you can get down with practice, even for a klutz like me.It's like no sim game you've ever played. This is multitasking, button-mashing mayhem in Hell's Kitchen minus Gordon Ramsay. And it is SO. FUN. No matter your general skill level. Get it."
,Recommended,247020,8606250,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Charon,This game is fantastic. Highly addictive gameplay that's very rewarding and excellent use of sound. Build up from a greasy fried chicken joint to a world class five star restaurant. Probably one of the most fun games I've played this year.
,Recommended,247020,20718335,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Miss Vela,"A fun time management game where you run a restaurant. An incredibly common theme, but I truly enjoy it, more so than a game of the same theme I could get on my phone."
76561198263048543,Recommended,247020,20036835,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Ohio Jane,"This is one of the most fun and challenging titles I have played in a while. Its got a lot of replayablity, it's multiplayer, and even has local co-op. Why have you not bought this already?"
,Recommended,247020,20717055,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Cerrydd,"You're an employer, looking to hire new people, and a candidate is telling you they're flexible, a fast learner and good at handling stress? Let them have a go at this game and find out if any of it is true."
76561198058075753,Recommended,247020,20731357,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,pazartesi_gorusuruz,"Cons of this game:- Makes you addicted so you can fail exams and♥♥♥♥♥♥- Makes you destroy your keyboard in rage (because a weirdo customer comes in the middle of rush hour and orders a ♥♥♥♥ing weirdo food, saying ""Gimme everything except THAT"")- Your fingers can hurt after a 9 hour playing session.- The lack of further cons.--> I love the games of this guy. He is a programming genius ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. His games are bug-free. He knows exactly how to keep you hooked to the game. Just make the mistake of buying this game. And then before you know it, you are depriving yourself of sleep.--> But enough about that♥♥♥♥♥♥ Let's talk about the game. Because that's what matters right? That's what we're here for. We are gamers. So we game. Games are all that matter to us. Without games, we would be empty meatbags floating in space. Or earth. Whatever.Pros+ Nice music, seriously.+ Funny character design (credits to Sara Gross)+ In-depth food creation and artwork (image of the food changes as you upgrade it)+ Insanely diverse recipes and prep works+ Nice sound effects (I have no idea why I care about this so much)+ Single player ladder to climb+ Online leaderboards+ Splitscreen multiplayer (I don't even know how)+ Challenges seperate from the main campaign+ Endgame stuff+ The feel of greed flowing through you as you make more money, you wanna make more money. And when you make more money, you want to make more money.+ Upgrade and improve certain aspects of your restaurant.+++ Spam e-mails are ♥♥♥♥ing hilarious.The good news is, this guy is now working on Cook Serve Delicious 2. So, all the more time to play this and hunt for achievements while waiting for the sequel. Thumbs up for 'chubigans'!"
,Recommended,247020,10603085,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Obawan,"Not your average Restaurant Sim game. Rather than micro-manage, Cook, Serve, Delicious is an addictive indie game that focuses on the concept of making food. In a Simple Simon methodology, you are a budding chef and restaurant owner, aiming for the (5) stars of culinary fame. Following the simple tutorial is enough to get you going where you progress from having no stars, through to 5 and the ultimate fame .. who knows maybe Masterchef is next.At any rate, game play is simple. All you really need is a keyboard, though it has the option for mouse + keyboard use. The music is catchy, the graphics quirky, simple and fun. You earn money by keeping your patrons happy and fed, and in turn can spend money on upgrading your food and some time management perks like a dishwasher and rat catcher. Every task uses the Simple Simon concept of pushing buttons in order then watching the timer and managing orders when things get busy.It's a little bit of Restaurant Tycoon but more like Cooking Dash and those type of games. For the price, you could do much worse. I recommend you put your chef hat on and give this a go."
,Recommended,247020,17256402,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,A'den,"At first I thought that it's only a bit better browser cooking game. I was only partially right.If you have ever played any cooking flash games, you know what is it all about. You run low tier restaurant, earn money to buy new food, more equipment ect. in order to create renowned restaurat. You do it by preparing food and selling it to customers. Preparing itself seems to be pretty easy - you have customers' order at the bottom of the screen, and you have to press buttons corresponding to requested adds. Where it gets tricky are rush hours - they occur twice a day, and result in huge amount of customers - so you need to be fast not to make bad food. There are of course rewards for your effort - it's marked in three ways: perfect - exactly what asked; good - small mistake; bad -... pretty obvious. Good and perfect orders result in +0.5% of buzz, wile bad ones result in -0.5% of buzz (buzz is meter of popularity, the bigger the buzz, the more customers next day). Plus, perfect days result in additional money. Besides of cooking, you have also sanitary duties, like cleaning toilet, tossing garbage and so on.After day of cooking, you go to main menu, where you check your emails (they contain spam, random events yelling in more money or higher buzz, notify you about sanitary inspection or else), spend money on new food types or their upgrades (ugraded foods *might* be a little harder, but they are a bit more profitable) or change your active menu. You can't have all your food available every day - you have to change it once per some days (with some exceptions, most of foods are affected by so called ""menu root"" - it was too long in your menu, and people got bored, resulting in negative buzz). Also you can buy equipment, which will make your job easier, by for example cutting amount of dishes nneded to cean by two, or making customers wait a little longer.  After some time, in main menu you will be able to acess special events - like eg. catering events. Theese are a way for you to earn nice money in 2-3 minutes. There are also bets - if you take them and complete, you get more money.All of modern games must have some kind of multiplayer - CSD has Battle Kitchen, with plenty of game modes, like weekly game, with your score posted on the leaderboard. It also includes local coop.Simple as it is, CSD is pretty enjoyable game. I became victiom of ""one more day"" within first few hours of playing. If you don't mind managing restaurant, this is a game for you. My only question - why are people in this game so depresed?"
76561198085918222,Recommended,247020,16438071,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Assistant Pretty,"Ever thought of being a chef?This game doesn't teach u how to be a chef, it lets u experience the chaos that happens in a restaurant settingLearn about the importance of customer satisfaction and the risks that have to be taken to achieve success.Nah im just kiddingThis is a simple arcadie game where the gameplay is about you pushing buttons(No reference to stanley parable)Simply put, this is a memory game.It has excellent replay value and very addictive.Very well made game in general, gentle learning curve, challenging and fun to playBuy this game if u:Want to improve ur memorizing skillsAre BoredHave too much moneyEnjoy pressing buttonsLikes the idea of 2D foodDont buy this game if u:Don't want to improve ur memorizing skillsAren't BoredDon't have too much moneyDon't enjoy pressing buttonsDisike the idea of 2D food"
,Recommended,247020,8889804,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,LowBest,"It is a great game.It can much relax me when tired playing those big games.Besides,Serving dishes really helps me to plan doing somethins :D"
76561198112920565,Recommended,247020,31202130,Posted: 17 April,all,ilikesushi,"This game is worth every penny because it is fun and challenging. Although the gameplay might seem repetitive since you hit the same keys to put the same ingredients, the variety of the menu makes up for that. It can be played seriously or just as a time-killer between work periods. I can't wait for the sequel to come out, most likely this summer!"
76561198040056045,Recommended,247020,34311132,Posted: 17 August,all,Arkabed,"Excellent cooking game/kitchen management. Very exciting, you gotta think and act fast to serve everyone. Lots of different dishes, chores, tasks and a nice progression system. I immensely enjoyed it and I'm looking forward the second opus !"
76561197995200857,Recommended,247020,18087654,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,mrguy0807,"I've had to put this game aside for a while because I started playing it the other day and put in over 8 hours without even realizing it. I'd really like to put some more time into it, but overall accomplishments come slowly in this game.Cook, Serve, Delicious! is a restaurant sim, but the focus of the game is on the individual preparation of dishes, all of which are delivered in deceptively simple minigames which you have to complete in rapid fire succession over the course of each day of running the restaurant.It's a great concept that they can get a lot of mileage out of. There's a surprising amount of depth in this game, especially since I picked it up for just 5 dollars.There's a high number of dishes you can buy to serve in the restaurant, as well as uprgrades to all those dishes. There's a number of upgrades you can buy for your restaurant as well. There's random events that can occur during the day, and if you want your restaurant to be successful you have to manage your menu in such a way as to maximize appeal, taking various factors into account. These factors include your own abilities at the game as well.Perhaps there's going to be a safety inspection that day, and you don't want to miss out on any chores, so you stack the menu with dishes you know you can prepare quickly and easily, so you have more opportunity to focus on things the safety inspector will pay attention to.In addition, there's multiple modes available in the game, catering requires you to prepare a smaller number of dishes, but in faster succession and with less room for error. There's also a battle kitchen minigame, and other content that I have yet to experience because I'm only a 2 star restaurant right now.There's competitive and co-op multiplayer as well. Including a mode that can be played with two people on the same mouse and keyboard, which is nice to see.Like I said, a surprising amount of depth.I understand a sequel is coming out soon, and I'm already excited for it.There are however, some things that frustrate me about this game.First I feel like the progression is a little slow, but that's understandable, as it encourages you to hone your skills on certain dishes before moving on. It also means that this is a game you can get a lot of mileage out of.Also, I feel like some of the upgrades on food items are unneccesary and break the flow of the game. Lasagna, for example,  was already a difficult dish because it's slow to prepare and cook. The minigame associated with it required you to press 4 buttons in a specific sequence three times. It got easier after you memorized the sequence and I eventually got better at it. With the upgrades though, lasagna orders have more ingredients, and become randomized, completely  changing the nature of the minigame associated with it, and making it much more difficult.I think there should be more options to customize the look and feel of my restaurant, and perhaps a chance to specialize in certain types of food rather than having a menu that changes every two days (I don't know of any restaurants that do this). I mean, I really enjoyed preparing the seafood items in the game and I would enjoy having an in-game restaurant that specialized in this, and showcased it through decor or something similar, but there are no options to do so."
76561198025214734,Recommended,247020,29258996,Posted: 14 January,all,Devium,Played this a ton for a while and it seemed to just go off my radar for some reason. Loved it and how easy it was to pick up and stop playing frequently and there was almost no issues going back to your save file and picking up right where you left off.Sadly right now there seems to be an issue where my game will not allow me to actually play. Customers appear and their orders tick down in time limit but I am unable to select them and start on their order. Instant failure on my in-game day. Devs help!
76561198163889203,Recommended,247020,14069116,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Bare Bear,"After working for two years in a restaurant and hating it, it makes no sense that I like this game. However, considering that I've spent far too much time on this game just to get a virtual restaurant to platinum status, I think I'm a bit addicted."
76561198081055856,Recommended,247020,11856441,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Asmodeus,I wanna be able to make Topkek
76561198009316076,Recommended,247020,10144888,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,The Matlock,"This is a fantastic game, and I cannot recommend enough that you purchase it.You open a restaurant in an office tower, and your ultimate goal is to raise it up to a 5 start restaurant that everyone will want to eat at. You manage your menu to make sure you have food that fits the weather (sunny or rainy), fits the clients (maybe that hot chick from a dating site is coming, or even a VIP guest) and keep your menu items fresh (you've had fish on the menu for two whole days, switch it out!). You can also upgrade the food to make it better (and allow you to charge more for it).The game is fast paced and very hectic. You prepare and serve the food as the orders come in. Some things are simple, and some are not. Pretzel? Serve it plain, with salt, with butter, or with both. Fried chicken? Deep fry until cooked and put a basket and serve. Nachos? If they want meat, you have to cook it, if not don't worry. Then you need to make sure you get everything on the nachos they want. Soup? Make sure the noodles are correct, make sure you add the right ingredients, and don't forget to individually chop the vegetables. See what I'm getting at?The beauty is that this allows you to essentially make the game as easy or as hard as you want. You could make the game hard by serving easy to prepare food, or hard to prepare food. You could serve soda, making sure you choose the right cup size, pour the right flavor, figure out if they want ice, etc. Or you could just serve beer and fill a mug and give it to them. It's brilliant.You also do chores; throwing out garbage, flushing toilets, and cleaning dishes, all of which must be done while you take orders and prepare food. What, you think you hire help at this place? Nope you're a one man show. There's a lot of micromanagement involved; take the order for the pasta, cook the noodles, make someone a salad, pour someone a beer, come back to the pasta order and add the toppings, flush the toilet, etcetera.The keys for each task can also be binded individually as well, so if you don't like it, change it. The art style is pleasant, and the music fits the game really well. The little additions like taking on catering jobs and additional cooking challenges, and being able to earn money by making in-game bets for in-game money just add to it.CSD is like LSD; you'll get hooked on it and you may not be able to stop."
,Recommended,247020,26951104,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Catasplurge,What more do you need
,Recommended,247020,17064349,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Trip Hazard,"Cook, Serve, Delicious! is a fairly innocent looking game, which is very easy to pick up and play, but hard to master. As the manager of an up-and-coming restaurant (more like a greasy spoon at first), you'll purchase food, devise a menu, and quickly whip up tasty food for the many impatient and particular customers who enter through your doors.In CSD, you'll do everything. Yes, you're the manager, and when you're not ""in the restaurant"", where the bulk of the game takes place, you'll have to take the meagre funds that you start with and buy equipment and food to sell, in the hopes of turning a profit. However, your job doesn't stop there. This business is your life.When the restaurant opens, you'll be the waiter taking the orders, the cook slaving away over the stove, and the janitor setting traps and throwing out the trash, amongst other things. How this works is extremely simple.Customers come in, and a picture of what they want appears next to a number at the left of the screen. Let's say it's salad. Press that number and you now have to prepare the food. A bowl of greens appears in the middle, and on the right are other options tied to buttons on the keyboard, ""G"" for ""Green and Carrots"", ""C"" for ""Cheese"" etc. At the bottom of the screen it says ""I want just greens and carrots"", so you press G and with a tap of enter, send it out. If you don't like the keyboard, you also have the option to use the mouse and just click the icons, or even a gamepad but I can't say if that's a good way to play or not.That took time to type out, but you'll grasp this in about 5 seconds, guaranteed. Speed and accuracy are extremely important. Speed is important because people are impatient. Once you're preparing their food, it's okay, they'll wait as long as it takes. But then other customers come in, wanting other things, so you'd better do this one quickly or they'll leave. No money for you, and even worse: you get negative buzz.Buzz is basically a measure of your popularity. It will increase if you're doing well, and decrease if you're doing badly. Not in the same day, mind you, but a poor performance one day (missed or inaccurate orders) will mean less buzz on the next day. Other factors affect it too, such as what foods are on your menu. Each type of food has positive and negative values, which you can view before you purchase them to put on your menu, or at any time after you've done that. Some foods are Fatty foods, and if you have too many on your menu, people start to have a negative idea of your restaurant and your buzz will go down by 5% or more. Some increase buzz, by being healthy, or by being considered to be ""worthy"". Aspirational foods, like fine wines and lobster. A good player will take a little time to balance their menu around foods which have lots of positive values but are perhaps difficult and time-consuming to make, and easy ones which are fatty foods or come served on a stick, like something you'd get at a noisy, smelly carnival for poor people UGHSo, you have a game of two halves. You have this calm, thoughtful management aspect of the game. No customers and no need to rush, just make sensible business decisions and try not to run out of cash. And then, when you click ""open restaurant"", you have this frantic button-mashing, so simple it could be a minigame on Newgrounds, and you're flinging food at impatient customers and cleaning up their mess as you go. Did I just serve that customer some raw chicken? ♥♥♥♥ IT MOVE ON. *wipes sweat off brow* The game actually balances the two sides very well. There is just enough meat to the management part that you can make good decisions (or bad ones) and this will affect the other side of the game, which works wonderfully because it's simple and just plain fun. You press the buttons and serve the food, and you do it FAST.There are a couple of issues I have with the game which I fully expect to be resolved in the sequel. Firstly, you start off with a one star restaurant, which is fine, but in order to move up to two stars and start making more money, you have to do a full 20 days of service. There's no way around that, and it doesn't matter if it's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 20 days of terrible service where your buzz is awful, or if you got a perfect day every time. Essentially this kind of ""gating off"" of the second star is to prevent the difficult from getting too much too fast, but it also limits your income and your choices. I feel it would work much better as a sliding scale. Do really badly, and you have to do the full 20 days. Do really well, and you'll bag that second star after just 10 days of service. I believe this 20 days of service applies for every star level, by the way.Another thing, and it's super petty but I have to say it. You can practice making foods before you buy them, which is AMAZING. You don't have to spend $2000 on wine only to find that it's really tricky to make and means you get it wrong or do it really slowly. BUT, you also HAVE to do chores like washing the dishes and setting traps, and there's no way to practice doing these. You have to learn on the job, and this could ♥♥♥♥ you up in the heat of the moment. Doesn't seem  fair to have one but not the other.My final complaint is that customer orders are written in prose. ""I'll have a salad with ranch, cheese, greens and carrots and mushrooms and onions"", or whatever. I'm a good reader and can parse this all dead quick, which you absolutely need to do, so that's okay. But what about people who struggle to read? Wouldn't it better just to have bullet points:*Cheese*MushroomsLike that? None of the connectives, just what you need to know.Anyway, ♥♥♥♥ all that. This game is awesome.♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's nearly Rush Hour, I'd better get my apron on."
,Recommended,247020,8187549,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,› mineshaft,"Cook, Serve, Delicious is another super snazzy game with punctuation in the title. I saw Lethalfrag playing it on his stream, so he should get that finder's fee...In this game, you play a restauranteur who has to keep the restaurant clean, serve customers, and garner buzz by day, then prepare the menu and upgrade the restaurant at night.Daytime is frantic, as each chore or dish you do is its own minigame, which follows a unique key combination representing the steps or recipe. If you don't go fast enough or get it perfect, your performance will suffer and your restaurant will lose ""buzz"", representing more and better customers the next day. Nighttime is a management simulator, where you spend the day's proceeds to upgrade your menu or equipment.This game is strangely addictive. I'm talking about daytime. The game presents you with the steps each time you have to do a chore, but I did best when I stopped looking at the instructions and just touch typed the combos. It leads to serious flow and sense of accomplishment when you're hot, and serious soul-searching when you mess up.I don't know the consequences of most of my choices at nighttime. There are unlockables but I don't know how much they help or hurt my cause.I don't know what the difficulty curve is like or how long the love will last. But it's a great blend of two different genres. Hopefully it is not too much of a grind to get to the upper echelons.For now it's a meaty thumbs up. Or should I say order up?"
76561198093571585,Recommended,247020,24017107,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Die Schweiz,"An order of review is here, get it while its fresh!I am really enjoying this game and here are the reasons why:It starts more or less easy on you until it just destroys you with too many tasks to deal with at once.Even harder than the normal mode: Battle kitchen wich is the real deal if you want a challenge.A good amount of dishes to master.The way of cooking is interesting and challenging.Upgrades wich make the game easier (or harder but better paid dishes)The soundtrack is pretty good.Local coop and more.I would recommend you to get it on a sale (the usual price is 10 bucks)."
76561197982251987,Recommended,247020,8386425,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Pipolla,"♥♥♥♥♥ Serve, Delicious is by far the most realistic and enjoyable kitchen chef simulation game I have played. It's ♥♥♥♥ing mouth watering♥♥♥♥♥♥ One day I'd like to open my own restaurant and the time spent training in this programme will surely pay off in the future. It's ♥♥♥♥ing delicious. 100 percent, deffo, completely my game of the year, but this is just my opnion, PLAY IT YOURSELF AND FIND OUT."
76561197977892146,Recommended,247020,25386585,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,M6Hurricane,This is one of those gems that is easy to learn but hard to master. I highly recommend this game as it is really an easy to approach game that will test your skills.
,Recommended,247020,8672511,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Aquilibrius - King of Wrath,"This game has to be the best game I've gotten on steam in the entire year of 2013 and is easily one of the best indie games I've played on steam since the beginning of time, roughly matching the quality and fun of Don't starve for me.The game stars you, a chef/waiter/caterer/sanitation engineer/janitor/exterminator/dishwasher/vigilante, yes you do absolutely everything in this restaurant eponymously named cook, serve, delicious. It sounds kind of tedious but in reality it is more precarious then anything, with managing all actions being a really tough balencing act, esspecially during rush hour.The gameplay is increadibly fast-paced and hectic, although less so in the beginning so you have time to adapt to the difficulty curve.My only gripe with the game is the system requirements, on my desktop it runs fine but there are occasional times when the game will drop frames when rush hour starts that can mess up an otherwise perfect day in game.Future suggestions (Incase the developer takes time to read this crap)1. Better streamlining of the code & performance options (Idk how the game treats 4+ core cpus)2. Additional recipes using new equipment (Right now smoothies/milkshakes come to mind)3. More character models for the game (The current ones repeat slightly too much for my taste)Overall this is a fantastic game that deserves to have a much bigger following then what it currently has, with a few more updates it would not be crazy to put this game in my top 25 list of the best games I've ever played.Addendum: I am aware that the same game developer(s?) make a game with the same hectic fast switching task game called ""The oil blue"". Personally I just could not get the hang of this game as the admitedly very nice art style distracts from the gameplay and overall it plays much more clunky and despite being slower, is seemingly more difficult and much less fun."
76561198044797961,Recommended,247020,10995164,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Jan,"A non-violent and challenging little game, that demands quick fingers with memory coordination. Perfect for passing intense whiles but for a short period of time."
76561198151960068,Recommended,247020,30419413,Posted: 9 March,all,volunduce,"this is game is just cool, but isnt it a little bit slow to get in next level. I mean, you have to play 20days and another 20 to upgrade your resturant. It is kind of bit annoying for me though. 10days a level would be obviously better."
76561198053622952,Recommended,247020,30896719,Posted: 2 April,all,GameplayJenny,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_zemHRUOmUStress. Stress. Stress. Also, stress.It's funky and it's full of food. If you like cooking games you will love this. All sorts of food, all over the place.But it also involves cleaning toilets and trying not to give people food poisoning because you didn't sanitise your hands. And you have to do your own washing-up. Take out your fury through the meat tenderiser, dance along with the music, and hope that Environmental Health doesn't turn up."
,Recommended,247020,32877843,Posted: 27 June,all,Papa Jammie,An absolute blast of a game.
,Recommended,247020,12978333,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,S̮̜͇aͅṋ̛͈̖̬s̡̜̲,The game is addicting as ♥♥♥♥. This is the best cooking game you can find on the internet. It combines all games into one and it's just so good :D. I've got almost a five star restaraunt and i'm still not bored. 12:00PM Rush Hour and everyone ordering Wine is kinda hard you know :D :D
,Recommended,247020,7948512,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Twinkletail,"This game has been eating my life for the last few days. It's really addictive (I keep saying I'm done after a day, but then something else makes me want to play through another one), silly and lighthearted, and fast and intense when you've got a lot going on."
,Recommended,247020,10049454,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Enjey,Delicious!
,Recommended,247020,16643319,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Jelour,"Cook, Serve, Delicious! is a hardcore restaurant sim........... HEH In fact, it's NOT A SIMULATOR.It gives players total control over where they want to take their restaurant's future. You'll start with a few thousand dollars and 20 foods to choose from for your menu, as well as a host of restaurant equipment and a virtual email account that connects you to the people of SherriSoda Tower. Nearly everything is unlocked from the start of the game for you to purchase;Rate: 8/10"
,Recommended,247020,26795838,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chaser324,Not sure why I haven't already made a review for this game. If you're on my Steam friends list you probably already own it (maybe I even bought it for you). Just reviewing it now to fulfill that dumb Steam Awards badge criteria.
,Recommended,247020,19974780,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,WhiteClaudiaMk,It has a burger named after the great Ryan Davis.
,Recommended,247020,8486097,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,kilasha,easy fun game makes you want to eat
76561197986527965,Not Recommended,247020,34670271,Posted: 1 September,all,Dasbooby,"Cook, Serve, Delicious isn't a bad game.  In fact, I think it's a pretty decent game.  The issue is that it's plagued by a bunch of problems that really should've been addressed.The game itself is pretty simple.  You start by buying a couple different foods and pieces of equipment.  Each food has various perks and disadvantages assigned to them and are cooked in different ways/have different ingredients.  You'll then put several foods into your active menu to cook for the day.  Orders will pop up at a speed based on your current 'buzz' which is affected by things such as how many perfect orders you made, how many bad orders you made, what foods are in your active menu, etc.  Low buzz means a long time between orders whereas high buzz will keep you pretty busy.  There are 2 rush hours (Lunch & Dinner) over the course of each day where orders come in a steady fast pace regardless of your current buzz.  You'll also have to deal with chores during the day that occur at a rate dependent on the types of food you're serving.  At the end of the day, you get some stats on how well you did and go back to the menu where you can use the money you earned to buy new foods, food upgrades, new equipment.  Your restaurant starts out with no stars but over the course of 20 days, you'll gain 1 if you meet all the requirements.  You then do 20 more days to earn your 2 star restaurant, and repeat until you're at 5+ stars.  There's also some side things that will pop up from time to time in your in-game email that will allow you to accept/decline challenges for additional money, buzz, etc.  That's most of the game in a nutshell.The game does a lot of things well.  It starts out simple and grows more complicated as you get more order slots and upgraded meals.  You'll be tight on money early on in the game and have to make choices between whether you'd prefer new equipment, food upgrades, or trying out new foods.  Many of the foods have unique methods for making them.  Drinks all have their own unique methods for making them.  It can be very satisfying to be in the zone and knocking out order after order as they come in as fast as you can handle them.  You're also free to change the key bindings for every food to set them as you prefer..So now the problems.  1.  The start game to mid-game portions are way too slow.  You start out only being able to put 3 things in your active menu and only able to have up to 4 orders max.  As you earn additional stars, you then go to 4, 5, and 6 active menu items, and 5, 6, 7, and 8 orders at once.  The problem is that it takes 20 days to earn those additional stars.  Usually by day 2 or 3 you'll already be in a groove, which means you have to sit there and play an additional 17-18 days before you unlock the next star and make the game slightly more difficult.  You start off with a pretty low buzz in your first restaurant and outside of rush hours, you might get 1-2 orders per hour.  It gets dull and repetitive very quickly.2.  The foods are not balanced in any way.  You start out with all food items available for you to purchase (besides items on the specialty menu that unlock as you earn stars).  Most of the cheapest foods aren't worth buying as they have many negative traits, don't earn much money, and either aren't upgradeable or only upgrade once or twice.  Most of the more expensive items have a bunch of positive traits, are worth a lot of money, and can usually be upgraded 3 or 4 times.  Most of the cheaper foods also include the 'fatty foods' trait which decreases your buzz by 5% for each 'fatty food' on your menu over 2, further giving you reasons to never use them.  Most foods suffer from 'menu rot' which decreases your buzz by 5% for each food you have on the active menu more than 2 days in a row.  Several of the better foods have the 'staple' ability that makes them not suffer from 'menu rot', so you can just keep them on your active menu forever.  3 of the staple foods (salad, wine, and soup) also include the 'health nuts' perk which makes them worth +5% buzz for each 'health nut' item on the menu, which allows you to further abuse these overpowered food items. Beyond that, some of the cheaper foods are more complicated/time consuming to make then the more expensive foods.  Things like steak, fish, chicken, lobster, and wine are incredibly easy to make, have a bunch of positive perks, and are worth a lot of money to make whereas things like soda, baked potatoes, nachos, etc are far more difficult to make, have a bunch of negative perks and aren't worth much money.  Once you fill your menu with the more expensive easy to make foods, there's almost never a reason to put anything else on the menu.  Also, you'd think the locked specialty menu would include some good items, but most of them are terrible.  There're only 2 or 3 that are worth getting.3.  The entire difficulty of the game is based solely on you accidentally hitting the wrong buttons.  Once you start making an order, there is no way to remove ingredients you've added nor is there an option to throw out the dish and restart it.  So if you're making something and realize you've put the wrong ingredient in, oh well, now you're stuck handing out that bad order.  Did your finger slip while pressing a button and you accidentally put something else in?  Oh well, enjoy handing out that bad order.  Did you reach for a key and accidentally press in-between it and another key, oh well, enjoy handing out that bad order.  I don't mind if I screw up, don't realize it, and hand out a bad order, but it's obnoxious to know you screwed up and have no way to fix it.  Once you start cooking a food, if you press the number for it before it finishes cooking, the game serves the order and counts it as undercooked, which results in an 'average' or 'bad' order depending on how far along it was.  There's no reason you'd ever want to serve an undercooked meal, so the ability to do this was clearly added as another way to artificially make the game more difficult.4.  Not a big deal, but the default key bindings are annoying.  You usually want ingredients assigned to whatever the first letter of that ingredient is.  Some foods have multiple ingredients starting with the same letter, but one of them will be unlocked later on with an upgrade.  For some stupid reason, some of the foods have that letter assigned to the locked ingredient instead of the one you start with by default.  Why would you do this?  Beyond that, when you go into the key binding menu, it lists every single possible ingredient for the dish including the stuff you haven't unlocked yet.  There's no indicator showing you which ingredients you currently have access to.  So you're forced to go into the practice area and prep the food so you know which ingredients you actually have.  Was it really too much work to put a little check mark or something by the ingredients you currently have?Again, this isn't a bad game, but playing more than 4-5 days in a single session causes it to become monotonous.  The campaign needs a significant reduction in it's length.  Maybe 5 days for your first restaurant, 8 days for the second, etc.  20 days to get through each is way to much.  Foods need balanced, and there needs to be some sort of real difficulty outside of the artificial garbage they currently have.  Fun in small spurts, but after playing this, I'm not sure I want to play the 2nd one unless they've addressed these issues."
,Recommended,247020,9265362,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Cleaner,"The gameplay is original, with a flow somehwat like Papers, Please. First, you set up your menu by purchasing foods with a starting budget. Cooking involves timed activities and matching systems, but it boils down to reading the order, filling the order, sending the food.So if a lady with glasses comes up and orders lasagna, I push key 1 to start the Lasagna order, press four keys in sequence three times as a graphic represents the lasagna in process, and push enter to put the lasagna in the oven. A timer goes off, and the food needs to be taken out of the oven or it will burn. That's the lasagna, which is cooked in the oven. Different story for say a salad. Guy with a hat wants a salad with onions and peppers. Key is ""O"" so you press ""O"" and then enter and you send the food. Sending food makes money. Money builds business. Business is fun. This game is good.In between business days are management portions where you select equipment for your restaurant and upgrade your dishes with better ingredients or more efficient processes. There is no timer on these portions and it's easy to lose yourself in the joy of preparing your cooking arsenal."
76561198110130835,Recommended,247020,8512678,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Rus[L]ann,"Very addictive game, very nice gameplay, GOOOOOOO buy it !"
76561197961113365,Recommended,247020,10887751,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Goblok Fastwit,Just.... one.... more.... day.... ♥♥♥♥ LASAGNA ARGH ! ! ! *click next day*
76561198073190017,Recommended,247020,10826243,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,dissolved_star,"Brought this game for peanuts in the last steam sale and have to say it's been my best impulse buy ever! So addictive. A really fun little game, would definitely recommend."
76561198268450592,Recommended,247020,20988776,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,dont mind me that's joey lmao,"I don't care if it's repetitive, IT'S FOOD! +++ It's the checklist that keeps me going."
,Recommended,247020,21578905,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,spacediscosaurus,"I thought cooking was stressful in real life.Don't let the cutesy pictures fool you—this game is the real deal. If you don't know your way around a keyboard, you're definitely going to struggle as you progress through the game.I'm a couple in-game days and an Iron Cook win away from a 5-Star restaurant, and it's gotten to the point where I can only play a day or two in a single session before I'm so tense that I need to lie down. And yet, though it causes me extreme stress, this game is insanely fun. It's so satisfying to finish a day, and the feeling of accomplishment when you get a perfect day even with a robbery is awesome.I definitely recommend this game if you enjoy a good challenge.P.S. Soup is the worstttttt"
76561198029291314,Recommended,247020,8368092,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,hiccupz,Wow so fun!
76561198081992638,Recommended,247020,8402110,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Smash,Insanely addictive!
,Recommended,247020,8681899,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Izdoy,"This, this game.  Holy hell.  It's just amazing.  It's a perfect marriage of Wario Ware, Cooking Mama, and dating sims.  It has a high level of mastery, as well as the coveted ""just one more round"" feeling.  It's wonderful and worth it at $10, hell, they could get away with $15 easy.  Great Dev, great game, just support them."
,Recommended,247020,8341051,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Justin,"fun game, give it a try"
76561198056405327,Recommended,247020,9109326,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,FreightFright,"Cook, Serve, Delicious! is a high octane restaurant sim, complete with typing elements and a whole lot of stress. The game is simple and enjoyable (as long as you can handle making a few mistakes here and there) and is also surprisingly replayable and long for a petty price tag of $9.99.Players are tasked with building up a menu of food items and successfully getting through a day with serving as many customers as possible with a minimal number of complaints. In order to cook the food on the menu, players must either use their mouse or keyboard to assemble all the required components of the item - more complex food (like sushi or salad) require more components, whereas simpler items (like coffee and pretzels) require less components. The player then has to find the perfect balance between high-income food items and low-complexity food items in order to turn a hefty profit and insure that customers don't walk out of the restaurant with an empty stomach. Over time, catering missions, contests and better food becomes available - these make sure that you don't get tired of playing the game after a few hours, and trust me, you won't.The graphics are a simple art style that is neither good nor bad. The music found in the game changes depending on the time of day - Spanish fiesta music plays during the afternoon whereas calm and weary music plays before closing time. There isn't much of a story, except for the goal to constantly improve the restaurant's star rating, but you will find that the game doesn't need one since it is more or less an arcade title.For $9.99, you're going to find that this game is a great deal. I picked it up during the WInter Sale for $4.99 - maybe keep a look out for it in the upcoming Summer Sale if you want to save money. This game could easily serve as a time-killer OR a full-fledged personal favourite, depending on whatever mood you are in. The bottom line however: it's great, buy it and you won't regret it."
,Recommended,247020,8747697,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Dapper Prinny,"Cook, Serve, Delicious! is a surprisingly fun game. While the controls will likely cause carpal tunnel, the gameplay is addictive. Finding the right balance for your restruant, and working your way to the top is fun. The steady pace, and different ""rush"" times provide a nice change to the tempo. Changing your menu can result with great sucess, or horrible failure.I give it a 4/5. Why not 5/5? Well, mainly because of the fact that one little slip up on a customer's order results with negative debuffs. Sure the keyboard is small, but this game really makes you realize how small it is."
,Recommended,247020,16962649,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Buttlessmonkey,"My Bistro is almost 2 star.  This game is a lot of fun.  It's a bit frantic and twitchy, but that's what makes it fun.  I love the side bets and catering jobs too.  Nicely done."
,Recommended,247020,16540748,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Cheii017,"It's more of a diner dash except you don't have to sit people you have to clean the toilet, take the trash out, etc. I recommend if you like something like that."
,Recommended,247020,8355622,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,waffleconsumer,This game is crazy addictive!
76561197972406124,Recommended,247020,7350310,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,Kacho,You will be so addicted to this.
,Recommended,247020,16356020,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Llyagushen,Simple yet challenging! Fun and addictive!It even has local co-op (you'll need at least 1 gamepad for that).
,Recommended,247020,8443526,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Santhe,"This is quite possibly one of the most entertaining, challenging, and overall crazy games I've played... ever.  You run a restaurant in a office building skyscraper, and it all falls on you to make money, improve your skills and menu, and take it to the top - the fabled 5 Star rating!Just beware - because oh too soon will you absolutely dread rush hour with demanding patrons, yet you'll love every single hectic second."
,Recommended,247020,14260570,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,menfrinjinson,its like the first 2 ore no ryomi games except its not as♥♥♥♥♥♥or as free. i dont like how much i like this game it makes me feel bad about myself. 0/10
,Recommended,247020,14519970,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Spike Ash,"The game keeps adding features and more features! What yesterday was a great game, now is a awesome game! The new update brings more gameplay to the game!"
,Recommended,247020,19318069,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,^9Takuma Nuva,"A fastest-finger game all 'bout that restaurant life. A management element allows you to maintain your menu and equipment while you spend your days frantically slamming food together into what the public deems an acceptable meal.Also, your restaurant never serves kebabs because $#@%! those things. They're not worth the time and heartache trying to get them right.10/10 would relive my teen years again."
,Recommended,247020,10071002,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Hizang,"A good game for quick play sessions, has charm and style alongside solid game play."
76561197985426539,Recommended,247020,8313549,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Olivia,Well worth the money I spent on it during the flash sale. It is surprisingly intense at times and really pulls you in a lot more than I expected.
,Recommended,247020,17021693,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,csgoroll.com,"So, I just finished getting the fabled 5 star rating on my restaurant,(currently going for the elusive Platinum Star)and I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who wants a challenge. Especially since it boosts your ability to multitask, (which definitely helps out with projects or assignments) and challenges your memory, accuracy, and speed. This game has really helped me multitask in many  different things, which I'd never expect from a video game.What I LikedThe fact that it boosts your accuracy, speed, and multitasking skill.The amount of gameplay put into the game, which is surprising for this kind of genre of games.The true feeling of finally getting that last star for your restaurant, and just raking in the big money.How fun the extra events and weekly challenges are.What I DislikedHow hard some parts of the Iron Cook episodes are.Theslightunresponsiveness of a controller.The fact you need a controller in order to play the game efficiently without any problems.Overall, this game was a very fun time, and was definitely worth the $10 investment put into it. Considering this game still adds new things over time, even if it's not needed. If you want a challenge for once, try out Cook, Serve, Delicious!"
,Recommended,247020,17029306,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,hrhomer,"Surprisingly deep game. Very intense play at times - Never thought I'd yell quite so much foul language at nachos. I HATE nachos now. They are my nemesis.Very fun, totally worth full price, but I was able to get it for (IIRC) a buck in the Summer sale."
,Recommended,247020,8701667,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Ordinary Bell,"I'm not entirely sure why, but this pretty much turned out to be one of the most fun little games I've played in ages. Visually, it's ridiculously charming, the cooking is frantic and fun, and the music! The whole game sounds fanastic. When you're not doing the day-to-day restaurant running, there's a bunch of side challenges to have a crack at, there's various bets and challenges to attempt, and some leaderboards for more competitive people to duke it out over. Best of all? The game's just consistantly hilarious. Between every day, you get sent ""emails"" in game, and most of them are normally information and rewards, but there's a steady trickle of spam you get that's just bloody brilliant. Every written sections of the game is fantastically done.Basically, it's a fast-paced battle to keep your customers happy and get them back out the door as fast as possible, but it's also a hilarious one. Check it out, it's worth it."
,Recommended,247020,16459202,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,PapíDimmi,This game is amazing!It's -90% off! Just $0.99! Get it while you can. Sale ends in 16 hours!I love this game and I'm glad I bought it.
,Recommended,247020,16459544,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Sorsha,"Stupidly fun, stupidly addictive & now my wrists hurt"
76561198026398393,Recommended,247020,9904985,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,SilverWolf,Awesome hand eye coordination game! What a challenging restaurant business game should be like. I hope they add more features and items in the future.10/10
76561198090578092,Recommended,247020,13731973,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Krethes,"I bought this game much to the amusement of my fiance and roommate who thought it was going to be a silly cooking game like DinerDash. Then the roommate watched me play through a few days in my 0-star restaurant and he was all, ""That looks ridiculously hard!""""It is!"" I replied, furiously tip-typing on my keyboard, trying to remember the hotkeys mapped to each ingredient. ...And then I typed 'M' for Mushroom, when really 'M' is for Meatball and 'U' is for Mushroom and I ruined the order while rats were trying to eat my food and toilets weren't being flushed because really, what sort of customer does a 0-star restaurant invite? PEOPLE WHO DON'T FLUSH, I GUESS...though now even in my world-class restaurant, I am STILL flushing toilets. Filthy rich people.*ahem*This game is great. It even has a way to compete against other Steam players in weekly challenges AND you can connect other players at home with controllers to play against your friends/hobo alliances/enemies/whatever. It's super stressful, but in a good way-- like, ""FINALLY! I DID IT AND IT WAS AMAZING!"" sort of stressful.<3 <3 <3 Best $3.99 I've ever spent on a game. :)"
,Recommended,247020,14109083,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Cayinn,"""A jumbo water with ice and flavour blast, please."""
,Recommended,247020,13178692,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,scarforce01,AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!10/10 Would Pancake again
,Recommended,247020,13203639,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Ragetrip,"I feel a tad bit embaressed to admit this, but Cook, Serve, Delicious! is one of the best games I have picked up in awhile. It's casual, fun, but during rush hour at later levels it will have you sweating. This game managed to mix a speed cooking game with a decently designed management sim all in one. Just remember during Rush Hour the Soft Drink machine is NOT your friend. 9/10"
76561198149245610,Recommended,247020,13218785,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,JellyBeanGamer,"Really enjoy this game even though it made me realise how bad I am at multitasking. Definetly worth buying, hours of fun!"
,Recommended,247020,13937765,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,The_K-man,Ridiculously Addictive.
,Recommended,247020,13978728,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,moomat,"I was a crazy surprised how fun this was. I bought it after watching some dude play it on Twitch, because it looked like an interesting, new form of gameplay. It plays kind of like a memory/reflex game, and the charm of the artwork really kind of makes you feel like a short-order cook. Definitely give it a whirl if you're looking for something different to play!"
,Recommended,247020,13531336,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Mumu,The restaurant game we have been waiting for.
,Recommended,247020,13445191,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Lily Kin,"This game is a time filler. I love cooking games and I wish it had more of a ""cooking"" type feel to it. Although it is a fun game. I would recommend if you enjoy cooking games and need something to fill your time of boredom with."
,Recommended,247020,14882515,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Vraizyn//Blight,"One of those weird little games based entirely in repetition that is almost inexplicably addictive and enjoyable. The artstyle is appealing, the UI simple and fitting, and the controls fairly intuitive. Has a hidden depth and complexity to it that I hadn't expected. I could easily see myself losing hours to this game."
,Recommended,247020,14913822,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,batuzzy,"Yeah, we know the name's dull, but the gameplay is cool. Worth a buy. The Battle Kitchen (Online Leaderboard Mode) is addictice"
,Recommended,247020,13500544,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Vents,BEST GAME ON STEAM 10/10
,Recommended,247020,11745926,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Perdix,"TL;DR - This is a QTE-based simulation that has as much to do about cooking asGame Dev Tycoonhas to do about game development.  This can definitely be classed as a casual game, but the balance between grinding for the next 'star' for your restaurant is balanced by the new meal/equipment rewards.  The game lacks much depth, but is still very addictive and fun - I'd recommend to anyone who is after pick-up/put-down play that can be extended for hours without much additional effort.Cooking is done by selecting the customer (1-9) and following through with the preset key-presses needed to cook the meal they requested ('k' for 'ketchup' etc) within the allocated time-slot; the more orders you complete perfectly, the greater your 'buzz' value, which, in turn, brings in more customers. While this system works pretty well, on recipes with a large number of potential ingredients you can end up encountering difficulties - Cabbage, Celery and Cinnamon can't ALL be bound to the letter 'C', so you can end up having some unintuitive combinations.Beyond the time-management and, essentially, typing-speed - the only other depth to the game is in the money resource-management - which can be spent on either more recipes (each with their own pros/cons based on times-of-day and clientelle) and equipment (which gives passive bonuses - eg. need to do non-earning chores [such as cleaning the loo] as often).My biggest complaint about this game is that it feels artificially long - it takes 20 days to earn your next 'star', even if all the other criteria has been met - making it sometimes feel like a bit of a grind if the unlocks you're earning each day are not for the recipes you're hoping for.  That said, the game does a good job of feeding you rewards often enough to keep you playing, and those days that you manage to get a perfect score do feel like a real achievement.This is not the 'war and peace' or 'charles dickens' of gaming - it's a fun throwaway game that is more fun than you're probably expecting it to be.  Definitely recommended - particularly ifGame Dev Tycoonticked some of your boxes."
76561198024270997,Recommended,247020,12874871,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,loupfu,Deliciously addictive !
,Recommended,247020,18120945,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Queadria,"I occasionally played restaurant/hotel etc.management browser-based games. I always enjoy them but they start to bore me at some point. NOT THIS GAME. This is next level. Seriously. Using keyboard to prepare meals feels way more realistic, like I'm actually doing something. Challenges and events keep the game alive as well. I've completed the game today but I'm playing again, with more difficullty. Lovin' it. 10/10."
,Recommended,247020,16679447,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Stringer,"I have to say I wasn't really expecting much for this €0,99 investment during the Steam sale but was I ever so wrong... What a fun game this turned out to be!Basically you buy ""foods"" (e.g. Pasta, Salad, Soup) and ""equipment"" (Tip Jar, Oven, Garbage Collector, Frying Pan, etc.) that allows you to make certain foods or collect other bonuses.The way you make food is by performing a key combo. For example, a client comes in and asks for an Italian style lasagna. And for this you press: P (pasta), S (sauce), C (cheese), P (parmesan), ENTER (to start cooking)Each food has a certain cooking time. If you stop cooking sooner it'll be raw, if later it'll be burnt. So you need to watch out each food's clock in order to deliver a perfectly timed dish.Also you have to do chores in between, some foods are served on a plate which in turn has you washing a lot more dishes than you would if you were cooking something for take out, for instance.If you can get this for cheap like I did, make no mistake, get this ASAP"
76561198160739056,Recommended,247020,16716681,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,the_joe_nash,was on sale for only 1 euro so it was cheap. Nothing special as a genre but gameplay works perfectly on a game like this. All orders and cooking are made with keyboard commands so its nice that you dont have to use both mouse and keyboard at the same time. Good game for resetting your brains between more story driven games. And daily challenges and iron cook challenges work also as a way of practicing your typing skills. not great but not bad.
76561198015337264,Recommended,247020,16483204,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Rhev,"50% recommend, 50% don't reccomend, but let me explain:Cook, Serve, Delicious is absolutely a fun game.  But unfortunately it's not an original game.  I've played variations of this on 'free' flash based webgame sites for literally decades now.  It makes it a little hard to justify the price.  Now what it does, it does very well.  The action is faced paced and the graphics are very good.  But ultimately I keep coming back to the fact that this is essentially a 'diner' game much like I've played before.So in the end, if that's the type of game you like, then you'll like this game a lot.  Just don't expect a whole lot of innovation."
,Recommended,247020,13054540,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,pengu,food
,Recommended,247020,16200772,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,"Ami, Daughter of Arke","This is actually a bit of a weird one. It's got all the makings of a bad game, what with repetiveness, little in the way of cosmetic upgrades, constant grinding and being very much a button mashing game. However, in spite of all this, the game is actually a very, very good game. There's just something about this game that keeps you wanting that extra slice and has you grilling for another go behind the counter.The only criticism I actually have for this game at all is that multiplayer only works locally. Please. In this day and age where half your friends are at the very least in another country?Nevertheless I'd definitely have bought this game, even if the price was doube what it is.15/10 and I'll have fries to go."
,Recommended,247020,16438283,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ok,Offers a hopeful glimpse into an utopian world where a chef uses bottles of hand sanitiser daily.A steal on sale.
76561198069873268,Recommended,247020,16446905,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Gekko,"Cook, Serve, Delicious! is a fantastic game that allows you to live out you dreams of being the owner of a successful restaurant. Dive into selecting from a sh*t ton of food choices for service, just so that you can hand make them later during the day. Not only must you make food for the impatient customers but you also have to perform chores throughout service to keep your restaurant clean. A solid 8.5/10 that provides a lot of stupid fun to absorb your time with."
,Recommended,247020,15731294,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Ylav,"Things you think/say while playing this game:""She came in at 9 AM, ordered a bottle of cheap wine, got plastered, went to work, and still has a job! I want her job.""""You A HOLE! y u order lobster a minute before closing?!""""ZOMG that guy got a raw fish!""""Guy orders burger with 1 patty. I gave him 3. He should be happy!""Highly recommended."
76561198116348426,Recommended,247020,15862898,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Bolly,"Very fun, hectic game that is sort of a mix between business building and quick-key action. You choose what is on your menu every day (with various foods having different effect on your 'daily buzz' aka your footfall) and during each day you prepare, cook and serve the food as requested by pressing quick-keys as fast as possible. There are also daily emails with bets, extra cash and funny little notes, upgrades to the kitchen and the food items, some mystery tickets and various levels of restaurant you climb your way up.Not much story here, but a lot of button-frantic fun."
,Recommended,247020,16505552,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,fatherboxx,"ranch dressing is considered a part of a healthy meal here smhDangerously addictive, very satisfying game."
,Recommended,247020,8321488,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,CHARMANDOLL,"Surprisingly fun. One of the better time management game.Love the variety of menu, and cusomizable hot keys.Cook, serve, Enjoy!"
,Recommended,247020,9914023,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Alastair,"Cook, Serve, Delicious! is a pretty casual and fun game. It's all about maintaining composure, paired with proper timing and precision typing. There's plenty of achievements to beat and a variety of food recipes to try out. Mastering the preparation method for certain recipes or landing a perfect day play session can be very satisfying. It's slow and easy at first, but tension builds up quickly at later stages of the game. Would recommend if you're into casual games, it's definitely not for everyone. It may get repetitive for some fairly quickly.8/10"
,Recommended,247020,10592470,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,mrhappy,Best cooking game evaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa (:
,Recommended,247020,9793357,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,UchiSam,This game is so fast paced.BLT ENTER DOWN ARROW S ENTER 2 ENTER 3 ROBLFI only think in hotkeys now.10/10
76561198056841453,Recommended,247020,18271383,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,michael.malcom,"Saw the recommendation from Felicia Day, loved the game. It helps to be a touch typist. I tried using a game pad and was completely befuddled.Story mode is fun, and the challenges keep you coming back for more. I still revisit the game for weekly challenges, and to see if I can get a better score at Mystery Box or Endurance.Looking forward to the sequel next year!"
,Recommended,247020,15045550,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Twiggy The Giraffe,"The yummiest game on all of Steam.  As a chubby guy myself, this game makes me want to stuff my face every time I play it. XD10/10 would cook again"
,Recommended,247020,16913210,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Insulting,"It's simple, fun, not expensive, pretty good for training hand-eye coordination, and has an excellent soundtrack."
,Recommended,247020,10276947,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Pigfaced,"This is my personal favorite restaurant sim!Sure, if you really think about it it's just a stupid typing game, but no. It's actually something more than typing. Owning a restaurant isn't as easy as you thought and so proves this game. You start off from a crappy restaurant in a tower, putting ketchup and mustard on corn dogs and serving burgers. But as you move on, you'll be serving soups, pastas and other top notch foods, becoming the finest restaurant to date.But it's not just that. You must arrange your menu, depending on the weather, the people and what the VIP like (when they come), earning additional daily buzz, which means more money in a day.With the restaurant there are also problems. You must do things like wash dishes, trap mouses (on the first steps) or flush toilets. But there are things such as the Protection Due, the -previously mentioned- VIPs and robbers.What makes this game addicting is the fact that it has a lot of ways to play the game. You can start by saving money for buying a new food, or for upgrading another one. There are bets, Steam Leaderboards and extra stuff that really make this greater than most cooking sims.You like fast paced gameplay and cooking? Then Cook, Serve, Delicious! is the thing for you."
,Recommended,247020,8461419,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Dunnakhiin,"A game in which you cook and serve, and it is delicious."
,Recommended,247020,15226138,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,sazcmc,"Love this game, got it today and I've already played it for 4 hours. It's awesome not having to do one of the awful in-app purchases versions of these games, like you get on the iPhone App Store.It's ridiculously hard at points and I admit my favourite part is probably the weird emails you get. It's excellent! Thoroughly recommend."
76561197988304386,Recommended,247020,20865248,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Hsk01,Great game!Funny and useful to learn english.
,Recommended,247020,20886844,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,OriginalWarn,I wish i didnt find this game. Very addicting
,Recommended,247020,13188163,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,erzilie,"spend the rest of your life in hell, serving an endless tide of customers who are literally satan and everything is on fire forever. sometimes you even get robbed. after half an hour you will start to sympathize with the greasy man who comes in every morning at 9 and orders a beer. after thirty hours, that greasy man will be you."
76561198228075660,Recommended,247020,15805507,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,XxXF4llenAngelXxX,this game is really fun.. very well maid also not for faint hearted very fast past took a while to grasp it. but once you get to grips with it the game gets fun
,Recommended,247020,21169228,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,SwooshBear,"Cook, Serve, Delicious! is the pinnacle of restaurant ""simulator"" games. Not only do you manage your own restaurant, but you micro manage every aspect of it. From changing your menu daily, to upgrading your kitchen, to competing in challenges, to reading emails and taking bets, to purchasing new foods and upgrading them, this game is incredibly detailed. The art and music are a bit simple but it fits the theme of the game pretty well. Gameplay is mostly muscle memory with key presses, so I would recommend watching gameplay before purchasing. It's not for everyone, but if you love a good typing challenge while trying to earn five stars on your restaurant, this game is for you. Lobster is OP."
,Recommended,247020,9070171,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Travanoid,"Great timewaster, this game is a lot of fun especially if you like hectic gameplay! Light RPG elements with upgrading recipes and utilities."
,Recommended,247020,16461228,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,homeworkholic,"Cook, Serve, Delicious! = QTE's done right.Very addicting, and looking forwarding to its sequel CSD2."
76561197970353906,Recommended,247020,11131158,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Atari_Pimp Streaming Tomorrow!,"Multitasking digitized!Cook, Serve, Delicious is one of those games that takes a simple concept and takes it to a level of rewarding interaction seldom seen in other games of much larger scope. Getting through a day of orders perfectly, is fun, challenging and rewarding in many aspects. Play it for anywhere between 10 minutes or a couple of hours a week, and this game should stay fresh for a long time.An amazing game that i feel every game designer should take a look at, as well as every game fan should give a try. The only thing I'm still hoping for is some DLC, cause this game seems ideal for it!"
,Recommended,247020,16484403,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,a culpa ñ é minha votei de_dust2,AWESOOOOOOOMEADDICTING AS ♥♥♥♥
76561198090493870,Recommended,247020,10329433,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,simokingo,"So, I never really play super casual games like this but seeing NerdCubed's playthrough I thought I'd give it a go. It is a fun game. Highly addictive, mostly due to the quirky music, characters and gameplay elements. These all give you a massive adrenaline rush when trying to keep up with the mountains of customer orders. If you want a game to pass some time without having to get deeply immersed, play this!"
,Recommended,247020,13555141,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,nosirrbro,"I love this game. For most games, I play a round or two and then get kinda board and want to play a different game. This is not one of these games, and I could keep playing them all day."
,Recommended,247020,13076129,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,The Fish,"the only time fish has been the easiest thing to cook is in Cook, Serve, Delicious."
76561198024272611,Recommended,247020,29735892,Posted: 5 February,all,Ihatevans,"This is one of those super addictive games that I can't stop playing.  It is a twitch based game that has a sim element to it, but mostly it is about executing commands correctly in a sequence as quickly as possible and then juggling multiple things at once.  The game gets progressively harder as it goes, but it's doable.  I find it challenging, but not impossible.  I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,247020,14524260,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,sims,The best high-stress simulator I've ever played.
,Recommended,247020,22265772,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Teellox,"An extremely well-polished polished game with simple but challenging gameplay. Each piece of food is a simple mini-puzzle, but as your restaurant gains popularity (and during rush-hours) you get allthe orders at once, which is great for inducing a feeling of flow and mastery if you nail them all, or feelings of you being *almost* good enough to do them perfectly.The game gives you additional challenges to keep you always changing your menu and hence the mini-puzzles you're solving, and the game offers plenty of milestones and upgrades that always keep you wanting for the next upgrade for your kitchen.While great for casual gaming, I played a solid 8 hrs after purchasing it. Would recommend."
76561198243908356,Recommended,247020,27463051,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Coon King,"Pretty good game, most people haven't heard of it but must get it"
76561198256535829,Recommended,247020,26610712,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,angstfilledimpala,"A long time ago (maybe two years ago), my brother showed me a video of someone playing this game. It looked interesting and fun, but I didn't have money at the time and I honestly forgot about the game. (sometimes we brought it up)I bought the game during the Steam Summer Sale, and I have played it off and on since. I think the game is a lot of fun. The recipes are a mix of challenging and easy and delicious. There's still things you can do after you finish the main storyline, like all the challenges. Honestly, I love this game and I don't regret purchasing it.However, I don't recommend playing this game on an empty stomach because this game makes me hungry almost every time I play it."
76561198062643747,Recommended,247020,27197342,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Victory,"This is one of my favorites on the steam store. This is my go to time killer. Easy gameplay start, but de difficulty can really reach godlike heights. When I close my eyes I can still see the hamburgers.10/10 not enough food"
76561198176152154,Recommended,247020,21549243,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Robotgirl,Hectic but more fun than I ever thought :D
76561198064852407,Recommended,247020,26115732,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,pt_kamen,"Want to know how rush hour feels in a restaurant? Go work on one, this is not even close; but it does gives you a taste of it. Just not enough people screaming at you and not nearly enough drugs."
,Recommended,247020,27489678,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,prinny potato,Good fun additive game. Good for toning that mouse movement muscle memory!
,Recommended,247020,20302746,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Josephine,"One time, I made a guy wait for forty minutes for me to go to bed because I needed to get a perfect day. He was kinda mad at me for the rest of the night.10/10 would do it again"
,Recommended,247020,20029404,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,EmilyKayTV,bonus: now i can type like a madman.still a terrible waitress though
,Recommended,247020,19375520,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,yoxel,"Fun, sometimes frantic, always addictive."
,Recommended,247020,21190121,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Siilikera,Ohmygod. This game is better shooter (and has more action) than CS.11/10
,Recommended,247020,21218716,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Kazzius,"I'm sure everything I'm about to say about this game has probably been said before, but I'mma put my two cents in anyway.Cook, Serve, Delicious is ostensibly a restaurant management game. In reality, it's something more like a rhythm game, especially when you get to the harder stages. You're put in charge of preparing and serving every dish and doing every chore and all of this is done by hotkeys (or controller buttons) - but watch out, 'cuz new tasks are constantly coming in and it's up to you to juggle them before the customers get impatient and leave. The better you do, the more popular your restaurant becomes and the more people come to eat there, which of course means more for you to do.The one thing this game does well - very well, possibly better than any other game I've played - is inducing a flow state, which is to say once you get into the rhythm of handling tasks you'll be tapping away at keys like a madman and become completely oblivious to the world around you. There's no time to think, so don't: just learn the recipes off by heart and then let your instincts take over. I mean, just look at me: I play on Extreme Difficulty just because the normal difficulty is too damn slow and boring. I NEED THE RUSH. GIVE IT TO ME.If you haven't already bought this game, please do: they're bringing out a CSD2 soon and I want it to be as fabulously spectacular as possible. Besides, don't *you* want to become so good at this game that your hands fly across the keyboard like a pair of tap-dancing spiders? Of course you do."
76561198068724319,Recommended,247020,21246033,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,KneslieLope,I forget what outside looks like.
,Recommended,247020,9839897,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Jester,"Very cool game in the vein of Papers,Please. In many aspects even better, except for the story maybe. Gameplay makes up for it though - more engaging and entertaining. If you always dreamed about a job in fast food restaurant but life took you elsewhere, this is your chance!"
76561198068002687,Recommended,247020,21012776,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Ghostly Glaze,A customer ordered a medium drink and I gave him a large!I GAVE HIM A LARGE!I've soiled the good CSD name!SOILED IT! SOILED IT!SOILED IT! SOILED IT!
,Recommended,247020,16581319,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Nealbo85,"You'll Enjoy This Game If You Like:Customisation and UnlockablesFrantic GamingWorking for minimum wageTime managementI was expecting a Cooking Mama clone but it actually seperates itself out by using a series of key presses to complete your orders rather than physically prepeating the food yourself. This is good or bad depending on your tastes but it does make for a special kind of manic gaming that captures your complete attention.The game is difficult, there's no denying that, but after a bit of practice muscle memory will take over and you'll be serving pizzas and salads at super human speeds. One thing that I would suggest is to map the key bindings for each individual meal as if it doesn't make sense to you it will slow you down massively. For example, for some reason unbeknownst to me, to add sausage to a pizza, you must hit the ""M"" key - I changed it to ""S""... you know, for ""Sausage""...There's money management, food menu management and time management at play here with lots to think about before you even start your day cooking. Buying new equipment and foods, upgrading them and perhaps most importantly, making sure you select the right menu to get the most out of the day are all key to your success.A lot of fun can be had here but as mentioned the prework (which is equally is fun) is also required."
76561198090197871,Recommended,247020,16615918,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,alisaja,"from this game, i can be a chef, a restaurant owner, and i know how to serve a customer as one personawesome !!"
,Recommended,247020,13678120,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Meowww~,"When I put chicken on the menu, that's all they ever order during rush hour."
76561198072943825,Recommended,247020,22248364,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Nuker14,I am a Fat ♥♥♥♥ that likes foodso of course this game is a 5/5 in my book
76561198014933683,Recommended,247020,11093422,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Doopers,Wow
,Recommended,247020,12019663,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,@rocky__locky,"This game has to be at the top of your list if you love a good Sim.Whike the game doesn't let you customise your store, or some of the more complicated business matters, it focusses on the actual day to day menu writing and cooking (and serving) of meals.Each meal is a series of buttons and clicks to add elements to the dish. It all seems so simple, and it probably is. But boy is it challenging. You would think that after a while you would be able to master it and get perfection every service day, but the aaddition of new meals, challenges galore, and the need to serve a perfect day is enough to keep you coming back every day for another day at the griddle.Great game! Definitely work $10. A funny, engaging, combo chasing game."
76561198065893918,Recommended,247020,10198196,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Walt Jizzney,"By buying this game you will have bought one of the BIGGEST hidden gems on the whole of Steam. The balance between the price of food, upgrades and equipment to the amount of money you earn from your cooking is perfect. The preparing and cooking of food is so fun and it takes time to be able to do it quickly which makes you want to play more so you can become a master chef. Every time you finish a day, you're left wanting more and more until you realize that you've been up all night playing Cook, Serve, Delicious. This game is a masterpiece. You won't look back after buying it."
,Recommended,247020,13025249,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Alice,Literally what it is like to work in the food industry.
,Recommended,247020,13304952,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Mz Cookies,The most addictive and intense cooking game that i've encountered. With ongoing support and updates from the developers it's obvious why this game has come so far! I've put a solid 37 hours into this simulation game and I don't regret it. It's nice to have a break from fps games and make a salad every now and then.But there is one thing ... those shish kabobs are the devil reincarnate I swear. Ruins my strike challenges every damn time :(
76561198105541205,Recommended,247020,13223384,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,cidringles,So much fun. If you like time management games and maybe foods it is the right game for you. :D
,Recommended,247020,16738852,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Bri,"Started dating a guy, made him an excellent burger.Couple of hours pass, he starts texting me. All frustrated, I try my best to pick the best and most romantic answers for him meanwhile my restaurant is filled with angry customers. Ruined the whole day for me so I dumped the guy, made the worst burger possible afterwards.Excellent dating simulator, 10/10."
,Recommended,247020,16545025,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Chava,"A cooking and restaurant simulator were you press a bunch of keys/buttons as fast as possible in order to satisfy your customers.ProsAddicting gameplayA lot of food to choose for your menuTons of upgrades (Restaurant and Food) that changes the format of button pressing.Challenges/TournamentsLocal-Co opGreat replay-valueConAt times, a few of the food choices are difficult to pull of if you put it in your ""Daily Special"" slot like SOUP and PASTA >.<. (NOTE:I played with Keyboard, so it might be easier with a controller).This is probably one of my favorite games here on Steam. I highly reccomend it if you are into these types of games. I definitely will continue to play this game for its challenges and being the ""World's Best Restaurant."""
,Recommended,247020,16492925,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,SabiApril,Nothing says breakfast like some beer and lasagne.
,Recommended,247020,16538086,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Fragilistic / Daynan,"Recommended for people who lost their jobs as border security officers in glorious People's Republic of Arstotzka.If you are seeking opportunities in culinary gameplay and can mentally shift gears to cook different dishes, this will test your focus.4 stars!-Yelp!"
,Recommended,247020,7831333,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,eoi,"A fast paced game that is really fun game where you choose your foods and make them yourself while cleaning the dishes, throwing out the trash, setting mice trap and more! You have a checklist to become a higher star resturant, get special events, upgrade food and practice them until perfection! Its a fun game as said before."
,Recommended,247020,8326317,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Mashed Potato Jones,Seems like a fun game I can play to waste time.  I generally enjoy it!
,Recommended,247020,13202826,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,SpookyMegiChan,"An actual fun game, it gets better as you play. I got it in the sale but would of payed the full £6.99."
,Recommended,247020,9284212,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Shadow,Fun casual game to play.. esp during exam week.. :P
,Recommended,247020,8380021,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Poopers,BEST GAME I'VE EVER PLAYED.
,Recommended,247020,8406523,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,scarsick,"I never thought a coocking game could be so addicting. I've wasted several hours in it. It's not a simulator or a strategy game, it's completely action oriented, you make foods and serve beverages doing a series os key combos, something simillar to fighting games like Street Fighter or Mortal Kombat. Don't let the subject or the ""facebook look"" fool you. It's a great game, and the controls respond perfectly once you get the hang of it (it will make you life easier if you are a fast typist). Get this game, it's a ton of fun."
,Recommended,247020,7649546,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,antu,♥♥♥♥in' hate this xD
76561197998774835,Recommended,247020,9821561,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Megs,"Love love love this game! You get to play as a line cook, partake in different menu challenges and claw your way up to a five star restaurant."
,Recommended,247020,9788818,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Liberto,"Me personally, like cooking games. I have tried out to many, but I like this one.I only think one thing is missing. I want to be able to upgrade and decorate my place."
,Recommended,247020,7356540,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,Helmut Schalchtenburg,"I saw this game on the new releases & said out loud ""that looks like a silly game"". Curious I went to the forums, read over a few thread & ended up watching a half hour video from Giant Bomb. I then bought the game. The first thing you'll hear about the game is that it is hard & hectic. At first it did appear to live up to that. After a couple of hours playing I got the hang of it & the challenge started to fade. When I got to a 1 star restaurant, the game decided to come back & destroy my happy little life. Cook, Serve, Delicious! is a very fun, challenging game. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,247020,17026273,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Manfred,"Eat, work and sleep. Eat, work and sleep. Eat, work and sleep. The NPCs in the game are ridiculous. They order bizarre types of food and when they're upset, they leave and don't even pay us minimum wage workers anything.This video sums the whole thing up:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vs55Z7t7bk"
76561198028678769,Recommended,247020,19454012,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Kyle,Surprisingly fun casual game. 30fps lock hinders it due to a slightly delayed response.
,Recommended,247020,8624383,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,milena87,"This is a totally addictive game! I often play it thinking that I'll just do a day or two of service and then I discover that 2 hours have passed.It's pretty rewarding to see your restaurant gaining stars, mastering the preparations and passing the various challenges. There are some dishes that will give you a hard time of course (my personal nightmares were upgraded pasta, nachos and fully upgraded lasagna).Oh, and it's playable with mostly the mouse as well, as I did just that and I used the keyboard only for certain chores and for selecting the food to prepare and send out."
,Recommended,247020,26805719,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BowTies,its fun
,Recommended,247020,9823572,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,AccrualBowtie,"A fast-paced, savory buffet of a restaurant simulator. 10/10"
,Recommended,247020,32894363,Posted: 27 June,all,Majyyks,fast food simulator -1000 levels of stress
,Recommended,247020,16485412,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,lucas.pielak,"The game is awesome, at the first look you can think it's just a browser game on Steam, but when you start playing it turns really addicting!The game brings a big challenge, you need to serve your customers while you do simple chores like wash dishes and throw the trash out, and awkward chores like flushing the toilet (apaprently the customers can't do it) and fending off robbers.Some recipes, you just need to press a key or two, but for others you need lots of ingredients, and every upgrade adds more ingredients, turning the game really challenging.The game also have an enjoyable atmosphere, with good music and simple, but still pretty graphics.The only bad things about the game are the low variety of recipe, the slow progression of stars, and we should be able to change our restaurant's appearence, it only changes when we get a new star.The game is simple, but still addicting, great for fans of this kind of games, and have a good atmosphere for new players in this kind of game.7.5/10"
76561198023072101,Recommended,247020,26782462,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WeeRonster,Love this game so manic very addictive
76561198019490354,Recommended,247020,19858416,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Kaliubeard,"I bought this game on a whim during the summer sale for .99, thinking that I would get a couple of hours of gameplay out of it. Wow did I underestimate! I have over 75 hours in and it STILL has some gameplay left! I am a big fan of time management and cooking games, but this takes it to another level where it feels less casual and more exciting. Although I got it on sale, if I had bought this game at full price I would still feel like I got one helluva deal!"
,Recommended,247020,13054807,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Deps34,"I love Cook, Serve, Delicious! I find myself getting honestly frustrated when I accidentally hit '3' instead of '4' during rush hour and accidentally send off a half-cooked fish, but that's the fun of running a frantically big restaraunt all by yourself. Some orders are going to be mucked up.I agree to some extent that the mechanics get boring. I certainly couldn't finish the whole game in one sitting. In fact, after getting to three stars I became a little unenamoured and stopped playing for a month, only to start craving the fast-paced action and pick it right up again.This is not a game with a story to hang onto but rather a game with addictive mechanics which you will want to come back to again and again. I do still want to upgrade my restauraunt fully, I'm looking forward to seeing the end, but it's the desire to hit the big combos and get a handle on the perfect steak which will bring me back time and time again."
,Recommended,247020,11401567,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,sokokaleb,"9/10Casual cooking game with nice background music and great in-game design.If you liked Ore no Ryomi, you'll like this game."
,Recommended,247020,32949488,Posted: 28 June,all,Charby,"I don't know if it's a good game, but it's kinda addictive... :/"
,Recommended,247020,13398818,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,FancySkunk,"This is one of those games that looks like it has to be either poorly made, or terribly boring. In reality, it's one of the best simulators that I've ever experienced. As you run your restaurant, you're forced to balance pleasing the customers, and pleasing the health inspectors by keeping up with upkeep. All actions are made simple, but not so simple that they can be done without thought. Unlike some games which feature cooking, you're not given simple ""Cook"" and ""Serve"" buttons. Instead, you are most often left to assemble dishes with simplified ""one key = one ingredient"" style combinations (e.g. PSCR PSCR PSCR makes a lasagna [Pasta, Sauce, Cheese, Parmesan]). It's simple in theory, until the lunch rush leaves you hectically trying to push through order after order, all while balancing the need to wash dishes and toss out trash. There's no deep story to the campaign, but somewhat forced menu changes and the always random orders will ensure that days vary heavily and keep you on your toes. Overall, it's well worth the pick up. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,247020,8494534,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Paper Rabbit,"*This is regarding the new update recently. A new game+ feature has been added which gives you a $15,000 starting bonus, all secondary foods unlocked, starts with 6 prep stations, Munchies detractor is disabled, 50% buzz forever, customer count + achivement progress + food pins from your Platinum Star save will be imported (it won't ask you which if you have multiple saves however,) difficulty increase coming from decreased customer patience and Super Rush Hour. Basically even at the start of the new game, you are already on Platinum ++ difficulty with everything on hyper mode. If Platinum wasn't fast enough for you, you'll love new game +. I'm definitely enjoying the difficulty ramp, but at the moment it does look like some combos might be impossible if going for the Perfect Day. Hopefully further upgrades will make such combos possible later in the game.The Good:Ability to rebind keyboard controlsFood effects to prevent boring menuMultiple profiles for different users*Hello there New Game +The Bad:Your stupid datesThe menu to rebind your keys needs some workLack of new game + (no longer applies in the latest update)Cook, Serve, Delicious!, or CSD, is one of the better cooking/restaurant management games I've had the fortune of playing.  Unlike some of your typical games in the same genre, CSD has controls that relies almost entirely on keyboard as opposed to tapping/clicking.  I'm also happy to say I don't have to control a little sprite to deliver food/pick up orders from your customers.  Only thing you need to manage is prepping your food.  Customers will just show up and tell you exactly what they want.  Anything from that point on is just Simon Says with the instructions.  Everything in CSD can almost be played with just your keyboard.  Your mouse is only needed to navigate the menu or turn on/off the music and sound effects in the upper right corner.  All the shortcuts for ingredients can be rebind in the main menu.  It's not the most intuitive interface and does need some work, but it'll get the job done.  I am ok with the default keys for the ingredients, but some people may definitely want to rebind the Onion ingredient's key (it's either O or N on different dishes) and some of the more complex dishes.  I find the food effects in CSD also refreshing.  It prevents the players from using the same menu and stock only the most profitable munchies at all times.Money will be an issue when you start since everything is pretty expensive.  There are times where you'll be offered a chances to ""gamble.""  It's not really gambling since usually, it's very dependent on your cooking skills and your ability to keep a perfect combo chain going.  The cooking challenges are also a place to rack up some quick cash.  Unfortunately these challenges are one time only until you've maxed your resaurant, but by then I doubt you'd be short on cash.Some potential problems people may have with the game is how repetitive the game can get, since you really are just taking orders and jugggling meat.  20 days to advance to the next level was too long for me.  Usually by 5-8 days I'm fairly proficient at managing chores, customers, and the difficult recipes.  Chores happen in the form of random events.  You need to clean up the garbage, trap the rat, wash the dishes, clean the restroom, and occasionally nab the robber.  The robber happens rarely.  But when he shows up, you can bet that you'll lose your perfect combo streak on higher difficulty.  One thing I also want to nitpick is the dating aspect in the game.  I find it very distracting in the game.  I know it's an optional thing just to get some free gold tickets ($2000 each in the shop,) but everytime your date texts you you are also juggling customer orders.  There's a good chance that you'll lose your combo because your stupid date can't be bothered to text faster or text you after work."
,Recommended,247020,8552523,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,limbster,"reposted from my tumblr:Why CSD is my game of the yearCSD is one of those games that could be called Casual: The mechanics are easy to understand, yet the game manages to keep you busy and engaging, whilst allowing you to adjust the level of challenge in each consecutive playthrough. The way the gmae does this is by allowing you to decide that’s on the days many. The foods that need more prep and cooking allow you to earn more money, but because of the complexity of the preparation and making of the dish, it becomes more difficult to manage over the rush hour periods of the day.Moreover the game even has some light management stuff going on for it: Each day you can change the menu you have to make it include less challenging foods, as well as replace menu items that have begun to rot (i.e. the foods have been on the menu for too long and customers aren’t interested in them). So with these days you might remove one complex menu item and replace it with another to keep yourself fresh in the eyes of customers.There’s also the factor of safety insepctions, robberies as well as bets and stuff that’ll make the gameplay each day more or less hectic.No IAP stuffI like the fact that the game doesn’t make you buy some mooncredits in order to unlock speciality foods like coffee and stuff. No, all the things and all the foods can be aquired by being really clever and good with the menu items. This makes it a fair game, and this paragraph rather poorly written.Should I play this game?In my opinion yes. Even though it looks like a ‘casual’ game, there is a need for good finger dexterity and use of mouse if you are going to keep making wodnerful dishes and making your cutomers happy. There are NO DLC packages released, so you only pay 8.99 euros for the whole game. The game’s simple and easy to understand, and you might even get the cooking bug after playing this game!Final grade:If Mauve is considered to be unpleasant, and purple is the color of exhuberance, i am giving this game a STRONG BEIGE.GOTY of 2013"
,Recommended,247020,33309512,Posted: 6 July,all,Maleficent,"This is such a fun game, I really enjoy playing it and it also has a great soundtrack. It can be a little bit overwhelming at first, but after playing it for a while you'll be able to get the hang of it. If you're a fan of typing and cooking games, I really recommend this game."
76561198051939588,Recommended,247020,31192285,Posted: 16 April,all,KillingCambo,"I love love this game! Its so simple and fun to play.I don't have the best internet connection and this game manages to pull through and make dull afternoons fun. That being said the game is no easy feat with so many combinations, fast pace and in game competitions!Also I think the emails you get everyday are a very cute concept!"
,Recommended,247020,31209931,Posted: 17 April,all,Briseph,Bought this game on a whim and became unexpectedly hooked. You develop a rhythm when playing that's more satisfying (and often faster paced) than a music game. Beyond worth the price. Can't wait for CSD 2!
,Recommended,247020,19326631,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Angel,"I've played a lot of cooking mama. This is not cooking mama and she is not here to make it all better. This is stressful. You not only cook the damn food for these impatient ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s but you are also in charge of flushing toilets for them, setting rodent traps, washing dishes... etc...There are reasons I never wanted to work in the food industry. Thank god I can do it in a video game.It's pretty fantastic, especially if you like muscle memory games and reflex based gameplay. I can already tell that I'll become quickly addicted, especially with weekly challenge mode. Definitely give this game a try. My impression at first glance was that it's a casual game, but looking deeper it's going to be brutal."
,Recommended,247020,23527350,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,thai,"The first game I ever played on Twitch after seeing Felicia Day stream it and it remains my one of my favorites. Lots of replay value, I'm 2 achievments short of getting all of them and absolutely love logging in, getting a bit salty and picking up where I left off. I've given a few keys away and will continue. Absolutely love it!"
76561198147010713,Recommended,247020,13410446,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,michal.marczuk,"Hard to find anything to dislike about this game... It's a lot of fun, not at all as easy as it may seem! There's a ton to do and you can set yourself some challenges to make it even more interesting. A good game to master or just play a few rounds casually and on top of it all it's good for practising the keyboard layout. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,247020,16673072,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Taleweaver,"CSD is just hilarious and addicting. Can't really point the finger as to why it's the latter, though. Let's see...On the plus side, it has a decent learning curve (earn money, buy extra food or upgrades). Tasks start out extremely simple, but add up over time. And each menu item handles differently, which acts even more different than the upgraded counterpart. So there's that: a steadily increasing amount of tasks on a time limit. There's no strategy aside from picking the daily menu; anything else is just an attempt at as many perfectly executed tasks as possible.Note that this is a very, very basic game (I bet it would play well on a PC of last century). It has cute graphics, but you'll be too busy staring at the menu orders and the menu lanes to even notice. It doesn't need better graphics either (rather the contrary: it's far more important to be able to directly grasp what to do).The music department does deserve the praise: it may be base elevator music, but it gets stuck in your head after a while. Add to that the basic sounds of you (pretty much literally) throwing food on a platter and you're done. Oh, and of course some praising/disgruntled grumbles from your peeps.As for gameplay...keep in mind that this is NOT a simulator; it's a time management game. It may borrow quite some elements from sim-games, but all purchases, in the end, revolve around time. It's about learning the keys to the tasks by heart (down to pour coffee, 'C' for creamer, tap 'S' for each requested sugar) and execute them well. It's both stress-inducing as relaxing, as the longer you can avoid panic, the better you'll do. So in that area, it doesn't bring much variety to the table and a lot at the same time (some recipes like soup use over half your keyboard). Again: I don't really know WHY I like this game so much, but I do.I have to note, though, that the game is clearly aimed at a touchscreen environment. I haven't played it on android, so can't say if it's easier or harder. Suffice to say that it can become pretty hard. I'm now nearly 20 hours in (I'm amazed...they really flew by!), and I'm still learning and improving. If I'd sent a video of my average 'work day' to myself about 2 weeks ago, I'd say something like ""no way I could ever perform that well"".Now only to find a real life use. ;-)All in all: a great game. Not for everyone, but at least worth trying. :D"
,Recommended,247020,13755169,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,TanMelon,I could not imagine working by MYSELF and running a 5 star resturant with the most impatient people on the planet living in the tower! Fun and harsh
76561198076326263,Recommended,247020,10963958,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,PhoenixKhan,"If you like food, you must buy.Pros:- Good and upbeat music, great use of sound fx- Delicious looking food, nice visuals, colorful, you can see time change out the window- Has some humor elements that make you chuckle- Many things to do besides cooking (you have to complete chores and catch a burglar)- Very fast paced- You can choose your own menu each day- Each food requires different skills and techniques so it doesn't seem repetitive- Different challenges (catering, making bets with Crazy Dave to complete certain tasks)- Food items are upgradable, you can buy grills/stoves- You can use keyboard, mouse, or controller (prefer keyboard cause it's easier)- Quick and easy tutorials. Lets you test out the food before you buy- The daily buzz element is pretty cool and makes game more realisticCons (seems like a lot but they're minor)- Limited food items to choose from. There's only about 20 something total- Can get stressful during rush hour (but that's what makes it exciting)- Not many things to do once you complete the game (but it takes a while)- Simple gameplay. Place ingredients together by pressing buttons.- Earning money is really slow. You have to work several days in order to buy one item- Cannot customize restaurant- Certain features are never seen. Like buying a dishwasher. You bought it. It decreases the # of times you wash the dishes. But you never actually SEE the dishwasher in the game. Same thing with trash disposal, new toilet, etc.Got the game during summer sale for 3.99. Definitely worth the money. Addictive and fun. Many features in the game makes it realistic (such as serving soup on rainy days will attract more customers, having health inspectors, receiving awkward emails).Pros > ConsA great buy. 10/10 Totally recommended.  Have fun!!!"
,Recommended,247020,8650938,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,BeSerious,A fun and challenging game!
,Recommended,247020,11090528,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Del Mingus,"Don't let this game deceive you. It's a pretty challenging and addictive little game that has a lot of charm and is a lot of fun. You  basically run a restaurant and have to prepare and cook food for customers.  The game is broken up into a day where you will try and serve as many customers as you can while trying not to get there orders wrong. Sounds easy enough but try doing it with recipes that require more complex preperation and trying to serve 8 customers at once.The game has a wide variety of recipes which you can buy and upgrade and before each day you can customize your menu. There are also additional challenges you can do like catering missions or competing in an Iron Chef competition. You also have to do chores as well as preparing meals and this adds to the challenge.The game is really nicely animated as well with decent music and gives the game a lot of charm. It isn't a game i found i could play for long time though. I found it better for maybe a quick 20 minutes to half an hour at a time as it can start to feel repetitive at times. It doesn't help that you have to do at least 20 days before being able to upgrade your restaurant which makes the game feel a little dragged out.The Good- Easy game to pick up and play but a difficult one to master, providing a decent challenge.- Gameplay is fun and theres enough to give the game a bit of variety with so many recipes and challenges available.-Nice animated style that adds to the games personality.The Bad- Gets a bit repetetive after a while and isn't a game i could play for long periods.Overall this is a nice fun game perfect for jumping in and out of when you've got a few minutes to kill which is also accessible while still able to provide a challenge. 8/10"
76561197989696272,Recommended,247020,10819372,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,kiwihotaru,"I enjoyed playing Cook, Serve, Delicious for a couple of hours, after which it became a bit too repetitive for my tastes. Maybe I bought too much equipment too soon -- maybe I splurged on expensive food recipes. I'll never know!It has a good moment-to-moment frenzy, without getting overly stressful or complicated. The graphics, while not dazzling, are charming in their own way, and the audio was nice enough too -- only tenderizing chicken elicited complaints from eavesdroppers (it requires repeating the same audio file 6 times, preventing me from winning any popularity contests).In any event, I found myself having completed all of the goals for the first major progress marker (becoming a 2-star restaurant) on day 10, and had another 10 days to repeat before I could unlock the next set of challenges... alas. Maybe I'll get around to it, but... maybe not.I hope more indie games explore cooking as a mechanic. It'd be excellent if Cook, Serve, Delicious were the beginning of a genre."
76561198003064460,Recommended,247020,33202933,Posted: 3 July,all,AlwaysBanned,"clicky clicky servy cooky, would serve undercooked potato again"
,Recommended,247020,20706818,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,lincoln174,"Cook, Serve, Delicious! is a strangely addictive restaurant simulator which entices you to keep serving customers for one more extra day."
,Recommended,247020,26082565,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,longshotnl,"On my android i played cooking games but this one is better.Most things you can cook have a different way of being made.You invent little tricks to make it happen better.For example one dish you need to tender it exactly 6 times quickly. I tender it 2 times 3 because when i tender it 6 times i make the mistake more often to do it 7 or 5 times. For another dish i type pscr pscr pscr. I don't know what the ingrediens are.So its a kind of memory game. when something is ordered, do the sequence asap.What is fun about it is it makes me wonder how far i can get with it."
,Recommended,247020,16434242,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Tony Cheese,"I never thought someone could really recreate the anxiety of working in the food industry into a video game, but I have been wrong before."
,Recommended,247020,26401207,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Olive,"Amazing game, especially for those who like typing. It really tests your speed and it's also good for improving your memory."
,Recommended,247020,10508251,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Pooptown Thunderbutt,"This is a really fun time management game. The focus is on cooking dishes and not on seating patrons or fixing up your restaurant. The art style is cool and the controls are smooth. If you like this sort of game, then this is a game you will definitely enjoy."
,Recommended,247020,16836942,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Wacko Prophet,This is the one game you will not regret buying on Steam.
,Recommended,247020,12309814,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Death Grips for Kids,"Had this game before I bought it on Steam and decided to buy it and was delighted to see a whole slew of updates. Surprisingly fun and frantic casual game that actually does a good job of emulating the feeling of working in a food establishment. At least, from my experience."
,Recommended,247020,21036801,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,GiuliBarone,"I just love this game, it reminds me of those flash games I used to play as a kid and also a little bit of the Burguer Shop series. But even more evolved because you have a ton of things to upgrade in your restaurant, recepies, services, menu etc. And even the chores like taking out the trash, cleaning dishes and flushing the toilet are your responsability. Sometimes kind of infuriating but in a totally awesome way. 10/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,247020,13790327,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Surge,I made a guy pay for an empty glass of beer10/10 would pour again
,Recommended,247020,10484487,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,AristeiaX,"A fun little game, perfect for killing time. The graphics and music (jazz variety) are great. Wish there were more contents, but I've been told by the developers they're moving onto the next project :( Still, really enjoyable and would recommend to restaurant management sim fans."
76561197996229772,Recommended,247020,23782114,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Snooping as Usual I See,Now I'm prepared for Hell's Kitchen
,Recommended,247020,8376174,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,socpens,"this is different kind of game no all people WHO LOVE play world of warfcraft o league of leyend o diablo o ... some other crazsy games wll LIKE they wl ljust get bored LIKE I SAID I want this game really, but right now i no have the way to buy this... but i have others games to trade i want this game somebody? i have other games online too , i have beta key for might quest well TALK TO ME in mess please gg done :)"
,Recommended,247020,8430904,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,literally human garbage,This game has no business being this much fun.
76561198141469607,Recommended,247020,34367310,Posted: 20 August,all,Saphine,"Amazing game, incredibly fun trying to keep up when you start upgrading all your foods and everything just starts becoming more challenging."
,Recommended,247020,25596521,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Owen,"From what I have played, I have really enjoyed the game. The gameplay keeps me entertained as well as the catchy music.I recommend it if you have time to kill and want a fun, simple (at first) game to play."
,Recommended,247020,9159147,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Tehan,It's like guitar hero for food
,Recommended,247020,31783908,Posted: 16 May,all,djmattyg007,Very addicting and a lot of fun. I'm very much looking forward to the sequel.
,Recommended,247020,14765356,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Bridge to Terabithia,"Some of the most addictive, stressful, and satisfying gameplay you can have. Its something you can pick up and play if you are into that type of thing. If you get it cheap its a steal."
,Recommended,247020,8315181,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,johnnyh87,"""Cook, Serve Delicious!"" is a fun, fast pased arcadey game. The concept might seems simple at first, but like all good arcade style games it gets increasingly more complex and difficult.The objectives are simple, but fun. You pick your menu and serve the customers as the orders come in.Each dish is made up of different button press combinations, which might seem tricky at first but gets easier once you've memorized the combinations.There's good consistendy with the key mappings, so you can easliy remember which key uses what ingreadient.The key bindings can also be changed, should you prefer sokmething different.If you're looking for a fun, fast pased game to play when you're bored, this is a good pick."
,Recommended,247020,16820602,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Capn_Underpants,"I recently purchased Cook, Serve, Delicious for $0.99 via the Steam Summer Sale. It has been the best buck that i've ever spent on any game.If you're into Time Management games like myself, seriously give this a go.I will be looking out for any other games released by Vertigo Gaming to give them support. They gave me a lot for $0.99 so it's only fair to return the favor!If anyone has any questions, I'd love to answer them for you. I'm not very good at pros and cons lists, my apologies."
,Recommended,247020,16905525,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,k3tchup,Such a GREAT game! Gameplay is simple but game is fun and challenging. Recommended for foodies and non-foodies alike! Can't wait for the sequal to come out in 2016!
,Recommended,247020,32947370,Posted: 28 June,all,DrDroidz,"Such an amazing game and fun game, I can't wait for the second one!"
,Recommended,247020,32998467,Posted: 29 June,all,Griroesh,"Cook, Serve ... DELICIOUS ... Addicting game, nothing like serving Fish and Beer at 9am. 10/10 would serve again."
76561197993352339,Recommended,247020,32919524,Posted: 28 June,all,yklastgo,"Casual, and very addictive !"
,Recommended,247020,7423921,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,JubsV1,Yes! Yes! Yes!
,Recommended,247020,12934720,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Iron Leonem,"This game is a great little timewaster, and fun when your brain needs a break. This game isn't anything terribly different from online flash games we grew up with with one small exception: execution. Cook, Serve, Delicious! is very well polished and enjoyable.One small note: DO NOT buy this game if you have Windows 8. Like many games created in Game Maker, this game is poorly optimized for Windows 8."
,Recommended,247020,16448857,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,󠀡,eatin burger while cooking burger 10/10 would buy again
76561197995586418,Recommended,247020,13823337,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,monster,It's amazing how often people want a beer at 9am.
76561197984657372,Recommended,247020,8509966,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Antpile,"Great little game. Simple to learn, but gets hectic quick."
,Recommended,247020,9688593,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,FM,Such sweg.
,Recommended,247020,10946553,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Aevix,"Really fun and addicting, I think that it is definitely worth. Watched Pyrion Flax play it, and immediately knew I wanted it.Gets pretty damn challenging as the game goes on, I have yet to beat all the challenges and whatnot."
,Recommended,247020,9865144,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Mr. Fancypants,I am enjoying this game more then i should.Might give up my real job as a cook to spend all my time on the restaurant in this game.10/10 would cook
,Recommended,247020,26975979,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Popsackle,nice game i recommend
,Recommended,247020,21764552,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,1U©iF#r,Melissa is an alien.
76561198060117884,Recommended,247020,23949826,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,JynxTW,"According to this game, making coffee is pretty much like cleaning toilet."
,Recommended,247020,8404329,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,McDonald's Chicken McSmaug®,"Basicly better than every COD ever really fun you can cook and wash dishes it's like real life except it's not open worldI give cook, serve, DELICIOUS, a fiveout of five:)"
76561198023457849,Recommended,247020,28418139,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,nWo4Life,"Somwhere between ""Tapper"" and ""Tetris."" Also, this game will give you the munchies."
,Recommended,247020,13409957,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,MissBunny,"This is a great game. Totally a fun way to kill some time. You work as a chef in a resturant. You also flush toilets and catch rats. Why? Because you can that's why. Or you can ignore the nastiness that's going on behind the scenes, continue to serve up food and get a poorer rating at the end of the day. It works on a daily basis with upgrades for the food you serve, the restruant, the equipment etc. The sound effects are adorable, and I love the art style. My only complaint would be that I would like more artwork of the people, but it's not really a complaint seeing as this game is amazingly well done and polished. Upgrade your shop, trap all them rats because screw PETA and button mash your way to the top of the resturant. 9/10"
,Recommended,247020,14088400,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Pumpkin_Pie_Between_Ur_Thighs,My favorite part about this game is doing dishes and takin out the trash.
,Recommended,247020,12987669,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,daishi_3050,"One of the most, if not the most underappreciated gem of 2014. Bar-none."
76561198069157006,Recommended,247020,22482625,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,TheCaptainMe,"Much more to the game than I thought when I originally bought it. The basic game, the leaderboard challenges, the co-op....a seemingly simple game that gets complex and challenging."
,Recommended,247020,27860785,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[FemG] damanique,"I nominated this game for ""The “Best Use Of A Farm Animal” Award"" because, steak. Steak is definitely the best use of a farm animal. I'm just saying.I expected this game to be more like Cooking Mama, but it's actually a timed-response quick-fire kind of game where you have to quickly tap away at all the necessary tasks to get your orders out correctly and in time. It's more addictive then it seems and there are plenty of gameplay expansion options; it's also a lot trickier to master than you might think. And if you've completed the single player campaign there are lots of other challenges as well as a multiplayer mode. In short, there's a lot more to it and plenty of gameplay you get for the price. The graphics are cute and I hope they get a bit more polish in the future."
,Recommended,247020,30275832,Posted: 2 March,all,Snoopyloop,I didn't expect the game to be this fun when I bought it on impulse during steam sale...It's probably because it make me realise that something as mundane as smashing my keyboard buttons is fun so A+ for great mayhem fun of delightful smashing and fingerbreaking!It also have plenty of other neat stuff to discover the more you play. I highly recommend it!Unleash the keyboard warrior in you!! >:7D
,Recommended,247020,8421877,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Bryy Miller,This is by far the most punishing game I've played during the Steam Winter Sale 2013. It is brutal.This is not a diner sim. This is a minimum wage employee sim.
,Recommended,247020,30232550,Posted: 27 February,all,GieTech,When you serve beer everyday....Your resto seems to become famous...9/10
,Recommended,247020,25505473,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Dude Cakes,"Probably THE best management game out there, it's really simple to pick up and hard to master. The best thing about it is the custom menus you can have everyday and the tid-bits that go along with that.Only con I can think of is they can shorten the days it takes to upgrade your restaurant. Other than that,great gameplay, easy to start, great challenge towards the end, controls are easy to pick, fun music, moderate art work.4 out of 5 lumps"
,Recommended,247020,13630959,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Dravvad,"DISCLAIMER: Make sure not to overplay the game.I have to say that this game is both great and bad. Firstly, I enjoyed it a lot. There was a decent amount of difficulty to it in the beginning but it was also very fun to get into, setting up your menu and everything.This game has now taken hold as my most-played in terms of time, though I do have to say that it sat up idle for almost 12 hours one day, so technically Just Cause 2 is the most still.I liked the idea much more than games where you run a person around a restaurant, and I thought its execution was great. The graphics and sounds are well-done. I loved the emails you get along the way. And the food and features were all pretty interesting to try out and use.The only problem I had with the game was that it just took too long to get to the end, in that having 20 days per star was repetitive. I was fine with the extra events and all of the requirements to beat the game, but the main issue was that I would always finish all of the objectives relatively soon and the ""Finish 20 days"" objective would always be the last thing I had to do.From there, it would always be a boring repetitive run from like 10 to 20 days. I would shake up my menu and try some things, but it eventually got boring. Even though I still played the game a ton, I ended up doing it on and off as a timekiller whenever I reached the point where I needed to get to 20 days.Similarly, I got to the end of the game with everything from the store and Silver/Platinum Stars. Then I carried over into Extreme Difficulty, but I got everything else there relatively quickly. It wasn't super easy, but it was more than manageable. Then I was stuck just finishing off 15,000 customers when I had completed everything else at 10,000 or so. Thus, I had to grind away for that.The main way I think the game could be improved is simply to add more items to the menu (and increase the rate of food upgrades) and also maybe add a few more improvements to the restaurant.While the game was still fun, I have to say that it was only fun in the spurts after immediately reaching the next restaurant level and unlocking new things. Still, quite a simple and pleasing game."
76561198029446690,Not Recommended,247020,17238703,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Kevo,"Cook, Serve, Delicious! is a restaurant simulator, or perhaps a line cook simulator, that is ambitious in its reach but somewhat failed in its execution. I'm not talking about the gameplay, which is fun; I'm talking about the bugs. The gameplay reminds me of old coin op serving games with modern twists; instead of pouring mugs of beer or root beer to satisfy customers, each menu item has its own recipe to be followed, many times with multiple steps. The game takes into account time of day (some people get turned off at the smell of fish cooking at breakfast) and weather conditions (rainy days mean comfort food will be popular) as you work to make the money to upgrade your kitchen and buy new appliances.Unfortunately, the game menus are terribly coded so that I could only read roughly a third of the buttons. This includes options menus, food selection, item purchases, upgrades, you name it. If you're not behind the counter making food for customers, there's a two to one chance you won't be able to tell what you're doing. At some point, my control scheme was changed to that for a PS controller without any indication of what key I hit or how to change it back.I really want to like this game. Someday, with proper developer support, it might be worth buying."
,Recommended,247020,7381876,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,raixel,"This is a time management restaurant sim. What makes it different is the level of depth. Its pretty straightforward as far as the cooking part. Up to 4 people come in and ask for items, and you create it by hitting a selection of keys. IE if someone orders a corn dog, you hit the number displaying that person's request, the dog appears on screen and then you can put ketchup or mustard on it by hitting K or M or both depending on what the person wants. There are complicated items as well, like soups which require many items, chopping and cooking. That part is pretty self explanatory and theres a turorial at the beginning to explain it.It gets really hectic though, because each person will only wait for a limited amount of time for you to start preparing their order or they go away angry. There is a ""rush hour"" at certain times of the day where all 4 slots fill up fast and are constantly full. I havent found a way to keep everyone happy yet, and that par of the game can get frustrating as hell.There is keybindings to put the most used items grouped together, or however you want to do it. Thats a great feature, because the default is most of the items are listed by their first letter, but some are just random (olives are V, bowtie pasta is w) This can get annoying if much requested food's keys are across the keyboard.The thing that makes this game different is the level of depth of your restaurant management. At the end of every day, a screen pops up where you can buy new equipment and food, check your email, look at your ""buzz"" (a measure of how well liked your restaurant is). You can also pick the daily menu, upgrade your food , buy things to amuse your customers so they will wait longer and so on. Each food item has boh positive and negative traits like some items are well liked at first, but need to be cycled in and out to keep them ""fresh"". Some smell good, some are fatty, some are healthy. There are many food items and equipment to choose from, all with different effects.The graphics are bright and cartoony, totally fitting for the flavor of the game. The music (especially the intro song!) is peppy and upbeat, also fitting for the style of game.If you like time management and restaurant sims, this is a great choice to consider. Its hectic at points and can be frustrating, but it is still great fun."
,Recommended,247020,23571864,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,icetiger,Such a great game to test your multitasking skills.. love the keyboard interactions and the way it keeps me on my toes.. great game
,Recommended,247020,17953925,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,mecorx,"THIS GAME IS FABULOUS! So simple, yet so well done :3.I think it trained my brain a little."
,Recommended,247020,23803457,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,educool767,"Awesome game, makes me feel good about not knowing how to cook IRL."
76561198357939098,Recommended,247020,29148088,Posted: 9 January,all,sissyrsouth,"Once you get past the stress of learning the foods, its pretty fun and challenging (and addicting!). The challenges are a nice bonus too."
,Recommended,247020,12873462,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,voltagex,I'll never work food service again!
76561198056092379,Not Recommended,247020,16608468,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Witch King,"I just want to say this game looks AMAZINGLY fun. Reminds me of that Spongebob Lights Camera Pants minigame from my childhood. Unfortuately, as of right now, the Linux (Ubuntu at least) version has issues with gamepads. My Logitech F310 works for any other game I own, but not this one. The game DOES recognize it, but doesn't respond to any button presses. Until they fix it, I'm afraid I have to say stay away. The developer(s) seems very helpful in the forums, but have not found a solution yet."
,Recommended,247020,11193064,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,「Shuut Madikov」,Turned me into a racist 10/10
,Recommended,247020,10093674,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Migos,I like trains
,Not Recommended,247020,16430494,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,[RA] K1gamer,All the anxiety of Quicktime events mixed with all the anxiety of letting customers down.
,Recommended,247020,23008446,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Floyd,Fish. Fish is the key. Also beer. And also sushi.
,Recommended,247020,32471604,Posted: 16 June,all,Gay Guillaume,"adajajvcjakjcjxjaksjenv,xmzncvbvur pizza's done"
76561198043745469,Recommended,247020,13445304,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Moe Blob,This is the best RTS I've ever played.
,Recommended,247020,25001085,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,bacon,"Like working in a real kitchen, with less physical activity"
,Recommended,247020,17091228,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Goodze,"You should run, boy, run."
76561198073270328,Recommended,247020,8829462,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,One Man and his Droid,"Daft, ropey, pointless...ADDICTIVEYes, it looks TERRIBLE, yes you need easy listening to play it (I recommend Deano)But it's surprisingly clever and deeper than you think... a perfect little time waster...And WHY OH WHY DON'T THEY LIKE MY NACHOS?!?!?http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vMmPSX8WQoM"
,Recommended,247020,17086925,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Sockman,"I came, I cooked, I cleaned, and it was crazy, oh and fun too..."
,Recommended,247020,12884396,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,✿ sydney ✿,"I've only played for about an hour or so, but it is such a fun game! I would have payed more than $4.99 for it!"
,Recommended,247020,7866650,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,•BpG•AlexBeefgnaw,"Aww, what a cute little cooking game! This will be a nice relaxing game to help me unwind from a busy OH GOD WHAT HAVE I DONEAlso for the love of God someone please toilet-train these customers, were they all raised in a barn, that little silver lever on the tank is not decorative, WTF is wrong with these people?"
,Recommended,247020,12847470,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Psychic Powerless,"This is honestly one of the most fun and interesting games I've played in a while. So many little things come together to make it feel fantastic. The aesthetic design is great. The visuals are interesting and varied without being overwhelming, and the sound effects when preparing food make it so satisfying. The soundtrack is also great, and it perfectly fits the tone of the game. There's jazz, funk, samba, all sorts of styles, and all of them can be either driving or relaxing.The game is also well balanced, which may seem like a weird thing to say, but there was never one setup that I knew I could coast through the whole game with. The game makes you change up your menu and buy and upgrade your foods to make it more varied and challenging. And boy, does it get challenging. But it never punishes you for some bs reason. If you get punished, it's because you made a mistake. And since you can arrange your own menu, you only make it as difficult as you want to. Most of the time, anyways. This game is so fantastic, and I cannot praise it highly enough. It may be one of my favorite games. You may not have the same experience as I did, but I would still highly reccommend that you at least try out this game. At $10, it's a great buy."
,Recommended,247020,7349451,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,video game,"Very hectic, and the difficulty scales very nicely later on.I've been looking forward to the Steam release for a long time now."
,Recommended,247020,9678559,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Bloodpix,"This fast paced marvel is on my favorites list. It looked intersting to start with, and it just sucked me in more and more. I kinda just want to stay at a certain level. I like to hone my skills with the keyboard memorization and such. Most people will look at this  game and think its foolish and pointless in a sense. I actually think this game is a skill tester. I also think it could be helpful for kids. When in school, I had a special class that was literally to help me memorize where all the keys were, how to put my hands in a proper position that gave me the utmost advantage with hand cordination. It has truly helped me and this game reminds me alot of that exercise. It makes you remember certain patterns and orders and ingredients. Its also a recipe zone, so if you plan to be a cook in the future, you can get a small hint of cooking knowledge from this. I definetly recommend this to people who like challenges and are good/bad at hand-eye cordination. I also give it a 8/10 :)"
,Recommended,247020,22490814,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,normalsauce,"I love this game. It is my go-to for a relaxing, casual game for me. Its much more challenging than Cooking Dash or Cooking  Mama which I had played before but got bored with pretty quick. And its has keyboard controls instead of all mouse. The best of the cooking-style games."
,Recommended,247020,13654989,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,avcables,"I was recently hired at a prestigious restaurant as Head Chef. Cook, Serve, Delicious! was the only thing on my resume. I took Gordan Ramsay's job."
,Recommended,247020,9944652,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Ass Blaster,this game is not gay
,Recommended,247020,26752743,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,[JBL-CEO] JamieBally,Gets hard in rush hours
,Recommended,247020,31157343,Posted: 15 April,all,Taako,"Surprisingly hard to get a hang of, but once you get it it's super satisfying."
,Recommended,247020,13219692,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Csstform,11/10 Got to screw my freind over playing coop. Also burned the same guy's food because he's black. Great game.
,Recommended,247020,13722930,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Fearful Ferret,go buy it
76561198061299903,Recommended,247020,11970086,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,blastois2222™,"This game is amazing i would recommend it to anyone who likes cooking mama or other games but also for people who like a good time waster a few things that i would like in the game are more foods, more cliknstart projects andmaking the iron cook chanllenges way easier other than those problems this game is grate! :)"
,Recommended,247020,16580305,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Kanamincho~,"I couldnt even fry an egg in real life, but this game makes me feel like a 5 star chef10/10"
,Recommended,247020,8317595,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Thebap,addictive
,Recommended,247020,18868346,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,TrulySalty,"I work in a restaurant in real life and I can confirm that this game is a 100% accurate representation of what needs to go on for things to run smoothly. xD In all seriousness though, this game is really fun. The music and art style are both very memorable and the gameplay is challenging and enjoyable. What could be considered the ""campaign mode"" is full of a fun storyline, loveable humor and consistent progression of both content and difficulty. This game is very worth picking up if you have a few bucks to spare! Get cooking!"
,Recommended,247020,13706166,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,PokeNerd,"I learned how to clean toilets, wash dishes like a pro, and boiled water."
,Recommended,247020,10550670,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Fishbun,"Fast paced, rythmic, with a bit of difficulty sprinkled on top."
76561198043284605,Recommended,247020,8746375,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,RosarioLuigi,"While there isn't much here, what is present is surprisingly addictive and fun.  This is basically a restaurant simulator where speed and precision are the order of the day.  I say precision because any wrong button pressed is almost a guaranteed wrong order.  Learning the hotkeys is the most efficient way to succeed but - if you are quick - using the mouse is still a viable option.  This game can also be an exhausting stress-test at times so I recomend it in smaller doses than I took it in with."
76561198067868233,Recommended,247020,28843246,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,HardyHarHar,Good and adorable game that has quirky characteristics to it that will make you appreciate the game
,Recommended,247020,12591481,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Pabloziac,"this hot dog mechanic is really neet, and u can♥♥♥♥♥♥out corn dogs, the best part is cleaning the spaghetti bathrooms as you flush et down, u notice u find dolla and holla for more, this ♥♥♥♥♥ game is pretty sweag so get now"
76561198145971581,Recommended,247020,33606242,Posted: 17 July,all,Spoonie,Addicting! :P I play it nonstop when I'm bored until my laptop gets too hot lol
,Recommended,247020,21881127,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,gab,"+ Great graphics and sound effects+ Addictive gameplay+ High rep value+ Many different levels and mini games+ Interesting recipes+ Easy to master with a few challenging parts+ Different difficulty levelsDon’t really have any bad points about this game, but would be even better if there were more recipes and a wider variety of food. Recommended for those who enjoy arcade style games with a test of speed."
,Recommended,247020,25500585,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Galactic Brain Dentist,Cook serve delicious is extremely good and you should buy it. Intensely engaging and has a nice sense of humour found in the email system built into the game. There are many upgrades to make everything even more complicated but it flows nicely without being overwhelming. Excited to see what the sequel has to offer.
,Recommended,247020,25939939,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Purplepolarbears,"oh heck yeah this is my favorite hecking game man, so much fun."
76561198079724936,Recommended,247020,23903880,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,SpencerSlam,10/10 for chicken tenderization.
76561198047555494,Recommended,247020,30283748,Posted: 2 March,all,Jeini,"This game has no great graphics or music or a complex storyline and it tends to become a bit repetitive, however I found it to be great fun for a few nights. The game will keep your heart bouncing as you will spend most of your time hammering your keyboard and battling against the clock. You won't be typing text, but quickly entering shortcuts in a precise order to prepare food in the game. You will both serve customers and participate in contests. There is a concept of levelling up/upgrading your restaurant and gaining new ingredients/recipes as you get more skilled in preparing dishes. You also need to plan a bit, for you are responsible of managing daily menus where each dish has its pros and cons. Cleaning the bathroom, doing the dishes, taking trash away and some other activities will also interfere with your cooking. Skilled use of the keyboard and high dexterity are the key to success in this game. Simple but hooking!"
,Recommended,247020,20840596,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Asset 029,This game is really good at three things:1) Stressing you out2) Making you hungry3) Giving you carpal tunnel
,Recommended,247020,20786044,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Krusty Krab,Rush Hour is more intense than playing Ranked Match on any mobas8/10 would wrongly cook my customers' pizza again
,Recommended,247020,20736140,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,00,"fun, addicting, and somewhat time-wasting"
76561198112106319,Recommended,247020,14444418,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,SledgeHammer [SSS SSquad],"This is the most intense cooking game I've ever played. Perfect for hardcore and casual audiences alike, this game will have you screaming obscenities at items of food for hours on end.FLUSH A TOILET! GET ROBBED, THEN WATCH AS IMPATIENT ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S BECOME ANGRY THAT THEY AREN'T BEING SERVED! DATE EVERYONE! TAKE PART IN A SECRET COOKING TOURNAMENT RUN BY NINJAS! PUT RAW FRIES IN A BOWL AND BE UNABLE TO PUT THEM BACK IN THE DEEP FRIER!Fun for the whole family."
,Recommended,247020,8532716,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,NotForHumanUse,"Cook, Serve, Delicious is a button masher cooking game well suited for people liking casual games. It gives you a nice experience of fighting against the clock to serve all you customers. The only negative aspect of the game is the amount of time that is needed to get to the next level. It does become a bit of a grindfest to get to a 5 star restaurant. But from the other side, it will give you an incentive to keep on playing.The gameplay felt refreshing as I didnt see this implementation of using other keys on your keyboard than the regular awsd in a lot of games. You can also choose to use your mouse, but after a few cooking days you will want to switch to using your keys."
,Recommended,247020,9321080,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,R7038,this is the game you give to your friends who want to type as fast as you
76561198025010678,Recommended,247020,12757798,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Caged Nicolas,I make the fish and they eat it.
76561198041639985,Recommended,247020,12883716,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Four Courses Of the Pastalypse,"I have never broke a sweat playing a game, until this came along. I count the seconds before lunch hour, then i cry as i cook, serve, delicious."
,Recommended,247020,30025291,Posted: 18 February,all,R.C.,"Such a great game, especially as a party game in local co-op. Doubt overlook this because it's incredibly solid once you learn how to play."
,Recommended,247020,30484734,Posted: 12 March,all,microweb4,"This game is fun at it's core and offeres a new approach to time management, multitasking cooking games I've played before.  I really like the keyboard / controller interface and I've poured many hours into it already, and not likely going to stop for a while.  This game will have a lot of replay value as well.  It's easy to get into for a short amount of time, or play for hours."
,Recommended,247020,30448563,Posted: 11 March,all,jacobsedesse,"One of my favorite games in my Steam library. There is so much content. Tons of recipes and upgrades for each of the recipes, plus multiplayer modes, challenge modes, and all kinds of little secrets that pop up around the game. I recommend this game because it is so challenging and so satisfying once you figure out how to get a perfect day. This game is definitely worth full price, but if you are not sure if it is for you, pick it up on sale!"
,Recommended,247020,9376262,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,kelseyr713,"Original March 2014: I bought this on a whim when it was first released on Steam, because I enjoy time management games. This is the most frantic, detailed one I've ever played. It's very easy to succumb to ""just one more turn!"" over and over again. The game is difficult at first when you're learning the speed and combinations, but you will quickly get the hang of it. I just unlocked my four-star restaurant, and CSD is a game I always look forward to playing. I can't wait to see what else the developer has in store!Update Nov 2016: This is my best random purchase on Steam. I noticed it when it came out, and I really like the Cooking Dash games, so I took a chance. I'm still playing it three years after release, and it's one of my favorite games. Perfect learning and difficulty curve, and the sense of satisfaction when you get a perfect day is awesome. You can easily play a very quick session if you want to (each day only takes about ten minutes), but I often found myself playing for hours. I can't wait for CSD2!"
,Recommended,247020,10931338,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Yukimi,"Should be called Cook, Scream, Delicious! Because this game will frustrate you. The only thing missing from this game is buying your own groceries.The first play through is very fun, although it can be repetitive you end up changing your menu due to buying new foods, or the weather, or just getting as much buzz as possible. At around 3 or 4 stars, you end up using the same menu. The bets really help change that up, as well as VIPs and dating.The second playthrough, on extreme difficulty, on the other hand could be better. At first, yes it is intense, its hard, but messing up doesn't matter anymore. Making money? You will have tonnes. You will end up making only the easiest foods (fish, chicken, beer, etc.) just so you can get those last few achievements. Lets face it, it gets boring because you get accustomed to it and the star level requirements are exactly the same as on normal. It would be much more difficult and ""extreme"" as you put it if the requirements to get to the next star was different. Perhaps a buzz % requirement instead, where we are forced to use the more complicated foods to get that buzz. Or have an upgrade requirement on certain foods you must have on your menu? I am getting by the game mode right now with beer, coffee, chicken and fish, alternating them when the other rots. I'm being somewhat forced through almost 100 in game days till I get that mysterious email (estimate as I have not gotten it yet).  It's not fun now, its just a chore."
76561198018894642,Recommended,247020,16586703,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Amjara,"Actually a pretty fun game, and a great price during the Steam Summer sale. If you like games where you start off at the lowest point to rise to the ranks in a chosen profession then this is for you. It can really be frustrating at times too when you have a bunch of chores like doing dishes pop up at rush hour. I grew up with my parents owning a restaurant my whole life and the frustrating part is true to life, lol. Enjoyable, fun game."
,Recommended,247020,7352300,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,Junghwa,Fantastic Restaurant sim! Only for the most hardcore simulation fans though
,Recommended,247020,25882704,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Seaweed Champion,"Recommended in the strongest terms. You did not realize that you needed a hardcore cooking sim in your life until you played Cook, Serve, Delicious. It's incredibly easy to pick up this game for 15 minutes, or play it for 5 hours straight. An addictive mix of light resturaunt management and food prep. The difficulty can be stiff at first, but as you learn the commands for different items, you begin to perform them without thinking. You'll be amazed at how quick your fingers fly over the keyboard in the later stages of the game."
,Recommended,247020,16899050,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Sohberson,"Plays a lot like ""Dark Souls"". Very enjoyable"
76561198070628489,Recommended,247020,7625875,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,blackus,Nice game if you like typing real fast without missing a key.
,Recommended,247020,32908443,Posted: 27 June,all,Froglift,Food
,Recommended,247020,32924024,Posted: 28 June,all,Anoner,"13 perfect combos out of 10, I recommend this to friends regularly."
,Recommended,247020,10343721,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Edgar Allan Hoe,"help, I can't stop playing!13/10"
76561198078649657,Recommended,247020,22633773,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Paxoumios,"Serve food till your fingers hurt, then server some more"
,Recommended,247020,12876841,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,sots,i got to make pizza
76561198061199748,Recommended,247020,21670889,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Foxy Fern,"Welcome to Sherri Soda Tower, a run-down urban building with a...piece….of crap...space for you to build your….brand new thriving restaurant! No seriously, this game is awesome. Starting from scratch, your goal is to become a 5-star chef beginning with a dump of a restaurant, but it’s rent free! And no, you can’t hire any employees. Why would you do that? There’d be less money for you!That’s right...you’ll not only cook all of the food you serve...but you’ll catch rats, throw out the garbage, wash the dishes, and even flush the toilet for the poor excuses of human beings that come through your restaurant! The good news is you take ALL THE TIPS HOME FOR YOURSELF!On top of the mouth-watering art, and music that will make you wanna dance, this game is incredibly addictive and will leaving you wanting to finish one more day before you go to bed. It will test your reflexes and also provide numerous challenges. Just when you think you’ve mastered a food item, new recipes throw additional learning demands on you, while your customers lack the patience to put up with your ability to do things that truly only an octopus could do.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRvilDmb8nM"
,Recommended,247020,24224378,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,CdrBystro,"Fantastic game.  Good fast paced fun that will have most people get some joy out of it.   Personally I love all the little touches, from spam emails to dating to a heartfelt tribute to Ryan Davies l couldn't recommend this more.  The development clearly loves this game from the effort he put in and I can't wait for the sequel."
,Recommended,247020,8747188,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Thezez,Just perfect.
,Recommended,247020,19449085,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Roopoo,Arrived intending to relax.Left feeling stressed.Am very confused.Would cook again.
76561198056743245,Recommended,247020,28402161,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Bloom Mundy,My mechanical keyboard wants to have sex with this game.
,Not Recommended,247020,8311830,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,dubesor,"Get's extremely repetitive quickly. It's a fun game but I would not recommend it outside of a sale. There is little to do other than the quicktime events which is basically just a keyboard mashing skill contest. Unfortunately there are no ways to actually customize your restaurant in any ways. This is NOT a restaurant sim. The only upgrades that I found were passive buffs (like needing less time to do dishes, customers waiting longer etc). It's fun for an hour or two but gets boring fast. Still worth a try if it's bought on sale ($2-3)"
76561198148076462,Not Recommended,247020,24858809,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,elke.tuteleers,I didn't really enjoy this game. It's not about managing a restaurant but more about pushing buttons as fast as you can. Wouldn't recommend
,Recommended,247020,7875861,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Lobotomaxx,"This game owns.  Serving beers to those haggard ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s at 10 AM just feels so right.  Also, they are me irl."
76561198070229066,Recommended,247020,23950460,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Worst Player,They order steak 2 minutes before closing. Realism 10/10
,Not Recommended,247020,28538031,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Princess Milky,Interesting concept and at first it was really fun but it lost its luster quickly for me. Became repetitive and while I wish I could reccomend it for there are quite a bit of interesting features... it's just not really that good of a game as it initially appears.
76561198021757575,Recommended,247020,12959253,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Incipit Satan,Fun!!
76561198050918249,Not Recommended,247020,13939899,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Bloodyalice,"I couldn't play this game at all.  I HATED it and I love time management games.  To the people who can play this one, I commend you.  It moved at the speed of light within five minutes of starting.  I guess I should have listened to people when they said it was more hardcore.  I just don't have the patience.  There is a place to learn how to put things together, but I honestly couldn't be bothered over something like this - it just annoyed me very quickly.  Maybe I will give it a go some other time - but for now, no thanks."
,Recommended,247020,19374595,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,tryangle,There's really no reason NOT to buy this game.
,Not Recommended,247020,24122194,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,subsonix,"It's fun at the start, but becomes a bit tiresome and the delay in trying to do the dishes really fast or trash is annoying. If it is on sale, I would suggest getting it. Otherwise it is a pass."
,Recommended,247020,7848947,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Orangerrific,"Very fun and addictive, and definitely not your grandma's restaurant sim. Consider me in love with CSD."
,Recommended,247020,8524668,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,.cha,jumbo water with flavor blast please
,Recommended,247020,14220578,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,solarPULSAR | SteaмLadder.com,"very rarely does a game hit a new niche in my library i never knew i even wanted.CSD does that. while ive admittedly not played this game to the extent id like to, there is massive potential for this game. the competitive modes are really intriguing, as well as the story mode.This game has a HUGE skill curve, especially later on. It doesnt get into the minutae of restuarant work, avoiding needing to supply your resturant, set it up, etc. its all based on your skill/concentration level.The game also helps you improve keyboard dexterity, while it may be a grind at times when you play it, its hard to put it down after a few in game days.well worth a buy, check it out!"
76561198059892081,Recommended,247020,17080061,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Chef,I´m cook and I approve this!
,Not Recommended,247020,22015596,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Showboat,"If you took an iphone game, expanded it out to be much larger than any iphone game reasonably should be, and then put it on steam, this is what you'd get. C,S,D! is a good game but it's just a series of minigames that you repeat ad-infinitum for the ultimate goal of playing more and slightly different mini-games. It's Nintendo's warioware, except without the creativity or originality. After an hour or so of playing it I realized the mini-games were never going to get better in a dramatic way or even more creative beyond what I'd already been exposed to. Kind of disappointing really, because I wanted to like it."
,Not Recommended,247020,15188456,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Cy | http://csgorock.net/,"I had fun with it, for about an hour. The concept is awesome, but I didn't like its repitition. It's not bad, just not my thing."
76561198068439794,Not Recommended,247020,16476496,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,OvershotTae13 / AC-130J,Randomly crashes at times doing gameplay.
76561198010820818,Not Recommended,247020,20732863,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Mastadans,"Not a bad game, however it's a crazy keyboard smasher. Was hoping for a bit more depth."
,Recommended,247020,22917500,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,darkbochi,You press buttons and your meals are ready! Voila!
,Recommended,247020,28743808,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Inked,its delicious.
,Recommended,247020,9081215,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,wh1te,Assembly Line at its finest. Henry Ford would be proud-
76561198064706044,Recommended,247020,22903169,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,GLORIOUS LENIN,A restaurant simulator game where your customers won't wait no longer than 10 seconds for a pizza10/10 for realism
,Recommended,247020,8495428,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,vloktboky,This game is strangely addicting and fun.
,Recommended,247020,8685171,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,M@.Bordered Gaming,Well I did cook and server but a lot of it was no Delicious from what I saw
,Recommended,247020,8926616,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Schultz,Absolutely compulsive.
76561198028185820,Recommended,247020,17054094,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Mr. 24's,Now you can give youself a panic attack AND carpal tunnel syndrome AT THE SAME TIME!
,Recommended,247020,20112643,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,KarlMoose,"(Important note before the review: if you can't type fast/don't really know your keyboard well, don't buy this game.)Pros:+Good ambiance (day/night cycles, weather, sounds)+Varied recipes+Fun little events that can happen during your shifts+Gives an actual feeling of accomplishment after each days+Multiple upgrades for your menu and kitchenCons:-Can get a bit tedious and stressful at times-You have to have a bit of time free to fully enjoy a session of the game-Multiplayer is local only (learned it the hard way)-Gets repetitiveI pretty much bought this game when I was hungry so my hopes weren't too high up but I was satisfied with my choice. The game puts you in charge of a restaurant located inside a very busy office building where you need to serve hungry workers. From the get-go the game slowly guides you through the basics without taking it too slow which is quite nice. I actually felt accomplished after a full day of ""work"" due to the good length of the them and the challenges that you face. Rush hours make you actually feel stressed due to the sheer ammount of customers that walk inside and hearing the bell signaling the end of rush hour is so satisfying.With that said, the game can get a bit frustating when you cook certain items because they either take too long or require a lot of attention, making you distracted from your other dishes. Also, the cleaning part of the game sometimes makes no sense since it tells you that you have a sink full of dishes when you just emptied it a couple of plates ago.All and all, pretty good game, fair price and good simulator."
,Recommended,247020,17356082,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,BrandonHero,Great product if you like cooking games or food games its also a typing game it develops typing skills in my opinion i thank my friend for gifting this game to me i play it so much!!!! i have a 3 star resturant already
,Recommended,247020,8547521,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,ExecutiveGamer,"Back during the Autumn Sale, I was browsing through the vast catalog of games, and came several titles of games, that were drastically cut down in price. Among these games, included blockbuster titles like Payday 2, Saints Row 4, Arma 3, yet, though I chose to buy a few cheaper games (you know, more bang for your buck). At checkout, I ended up purchasing 3 games, one in which was called Cook, Serve, Delicious.From the store page, the game appears very similar to diner dash; an indie/arcade game, also focused on the food business. The screenshots were pretty interesting, as well as the description. However, without too background knowledge, (being none of my friends owned this game, and there was no available demo), I blindly started playing the game, and immediately loved the game. Like any games, I immediately pointed out the pros and cons, and here they are.Pros: The game has a large portion of ""menu options"".  100+ hours of gameplay (depending on if you do side activities or not).  Provides a realistic aspect of the food business, by allowing gamers to have to change around the menu, in order to gain a higher ""daily buzz"" rating.  Detailed textures for both the food and the restaraunt.Cons: Game takes to long to level up.   There are a few noticeable glitches (with the Coffee menu item active, trying to use the mouse to select the item, does not work).Graphics - For this style of game, it is definitely well detailed.  Anti-aliasing works well, without creating too much extra stress on your system.Sounds - I could do without the elavator music as background music, for this game.   Some of the sounds for the menu items being cooked, sound pretty rediculous. Then again, some of them sound really realistic.Overall - I would suggest this game. Being the game is at an already low price, I would have to say, if you like indie games, or any addicting games, I would have to suggest this, among all others.8.5 of 10 - Rating"
,Recommended,247020,17045786,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Nietzsche,MY CORNDOG IS AVERAGE.editing for steam award badge progress. kappa.
,Recommended,247020,17027064,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,TobiasR,Served a bad lasagne today. I put the meat before the parmesan. 10/10.
,Recommended,247020,17032972,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,browndon,better cooking flash game: the game10/10
,Recommended,247020,17066335,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,The Fat Pika,It Sucks (Sarcasm)
76561197994478196,Recommended,247020,17095101,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,JohneeCool,"Relax and Cook Cook ....Relax and Cook Cook ....Relax and Cook Cook ....Relax and Cook Cook ....That sumarizes all , funny game to Relax a bit and get a fresh type of game going ..."
,Recommended,247020,16469566,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Pubic Hair,This game is fun and I like it
,Recommended,247020,16456926,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Buddy OG,i always wanted carpal tunnel
76561198065759075,Recommended,247020,13654479,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Professor Grizzlot,"WOW COOKING IS THIS EASY!? IM GOING TO GET A JOB IN A RESTRUANT AND ORK LIKE I NEVER WORK BEFORE!!!!IM USING CAPS TO SHARE MY EXCIMENT!!!,If you don't know what im saying,just buy the game and find out,enought said :3"
,Recommended,247020,10708821,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Wickedcoolguy1,Fast paced cooking sim...enough said... It is very unique but suprisingly fun.  I did not expect this game to be muc but when I played it it was more enjoyable then I expected.  7/10
76561198069825993,Recommended,247020,15030169,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,yourmothersonion,Grill simulation 2015
,Recommended,247020,7364688,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Hodor,It's a APM tester disguised as a cooking game. But it's still pretty great.
,Recommended,247020,7420268,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,Jen,"I love this game probably way more than should be allowed.  It's a great time management title that is both complex and challenging, but really fun!  You have so much choice right from the start so the game is truly tailored to your preferences.  You also have the ability to map your action keys which is fantastic.  If you enjoy games like Cake Mania, Diner/Hotel Dash, Youda Sushi, etc., this game is the next level.  With its active developer I'm really looking forward to seeing how it continues to grow!"
,Recommended,247020,7636598,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Miss Brain Problems,"Very simple but very fun. I have no idea why I'm so addicted to it, honestly. Worth $10, though. Well worth $10."
,Recommended,247020,7744807,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Detective Dojima,A game that is somehow more fun to play than it is to say. A fun and very stressful cooking simulator that is great to play in short bursts. I just wish there was a way to progress just a bit quicker.
76561198036087096,Recommended,247020,7808321,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Roshack,Great game that can get difficult in a hurry. Probably the most underrated and underplayed game on steam.
,Recommended,247020,7810815,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,A VERY MUSCULAR LAWYER,Pretty fun
,Recommended,247020,7833571,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Jon Pinkerton,"This game is alot of fun, and very exhillerating. I feel like the levels can be a bit long but I can see getting a ton of hours out of this game.I reccomend it if you like food prep games, and are looking for a challenge. It feels great when you get a perfect day!"
,Recommended,247020,7343318,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,ZombieCrunch,In which I cook fake food for fake jerks.
,Recommended,247020,7473422,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Zillamatic,"I have a real thing for games that involve typing (like Typing of the Dead... and not much else), so this game is basically the game form of crack for me.It's a great mix of restaurant management sim, and crazy hectic typing game. The game goes through a cycle of start a new day, serve customers, earn money, then at the end of the day you spend that money on new foods and upgrades, ready for the next day. This makes it very hard to put down, always want to move on to the next day.The difficulty can be overwhelming when you start out, but you quickly learn patterns for the food and feel like a serving machine! The cloud saves mean I can continue my game on the macbook or windows pc, which is good.A very fun game. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,247020,24197639,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,STR1KK3R,Good♥♥♥♥♥♥my nucka
,Recommended,247020,24205188,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,vladd00,+
,Recommended,247020,19960692,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Randomnoob111,Email Gambling Simulator 2013
76561198054529839,Recommended,247020,12592470,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,supergman1961,Great game there was va japanese game on ps1 a ton like this. I played alot of the import  brings back fun times.
,Recommended,247020,12222590,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Esnáquer,"""A JUMBO DIET COKE WITH FLAVOR BLAST, PLEASE""""WATER WITH FLAVOR BLAST, PLEASE"""
,Recommended,247020,9869421,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Sutler,"Cook, Serve. Delicious is a simple yet intensive restaurant game. The game isn’t stellar great, but it serves its purpose: being an addictive time-killer.The fun of restaurant game is to satisfy the ever-growing number of customers as menu and ingredient variety piles up. CSD is able to deliver the experience in a solid manner. UI is not bad, menu variety is acceptable, and atmosphere articulation is amiably done. It’s easy to pick up and it takes a while to master.The nemesis of such genre is perhaps repetitiveness, which brings in boredom. CSD doesn’t have something uniquely memorable. It gets the genre’s intentions done but that’s it. Food and equipment upgrades fail to utilize the computational power of PC and do not provide immerse and varying experience. Lacking sudden events also makes the game predictable, hampering the already average gameplay. UI can also need some patching for friendlier interaction. At last, the game progress is annoyingly slow, even for a PC game. It doesn’t grasp the importance of  quick immersion and thus may easily lose hook on players. Players just can't feel the much needed encouragement from the developers when playing the game.I always love cooking like Gordon Ramsay. Season. Mop. Hot pan. Touch. Turn. Beautiful. Slice. Serve. Done. I guess I can’t really do that here.7/10"
,Recommended,247020,18682813,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Gameinatrix,I hate this stupid <bleep bleep> game. I hate it! <said as she's been up 12 hours playing> Curse you all for making this game that I cannot stop playing! I hate it...so um...when's 3 gonna be available?
,Recommended,247020,16454454,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Qworn,Made me sweat while drinking rum.
,Recommended,247020,16784699,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Squidward,"Cook, Serve, Delicious! Released on 8 oct, 2013.I own this game since it released, and I think its a great game and very engaging gameplay even with the challenges, my favorite game in my steam library probably.The plusses:+Gameplay+Graphics+Music+FOOD+Challenges+Mood changes and weather+Activities outside of cooking, like cleaning+Choose your own menu+- Frustrating at times- There is no negative thing if I can remember wellFinal rating: 10/10"
76561198014735455,Recommended,247020,16682869,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Sye,Great casual game if you're looking to just have something suck up fifteen or twenty minutes
76561198124968475,Recommended,247020,18312959,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,durn_fallsdowne,Sushi sucks.
,Recommended,247020,12821590,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Purple,"Basiclly, a Ridiculiously Fast Cooking-Layering-Grilling-Baking-Cutting-Dating-Investing Simulator. Which is really fun!"
,Recommended,247020,15198495,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,ThatFenis,WHEN YOU GET TO RESTUART LVL 2  YOU FRANKING CANT USE CORDOGS!!!! IM LIKE WHYY??? :(:(:( I HATE THIS GAME FOR NO CRON DGOS!!!! 0/10.....JK I LOVE THIS GAME  GARFEILD LISSIANA FOR LIFE!!! 100/10
76561198048287429,Recommended,247020,19846332,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,LaPetiteMangue,"I adore this game!  It's often the last thing I do before bed and the first thing I start after breakfast.  I've played a lot of cooking and restaurant games, and this is the best by far.As Starcraft players already know, using the keyboard instead of the mouse makes a huge difference in playing speed.  It's a lot of fun to memorize the sequences of preparation and see how fast you can go.  Unfortunatley, in a relatively short period of time,  I've run out of new food types to purchase.  Hope there are expansion plans in the future..."
,Recommended,247020,20920002,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,WolfyCS,1: Shutdown the game.2: Try not play again.3: PLAY A LOT!
,Recommended,247020,20904658,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,ケロ,RUSH HOURMY KEYBOARD IS BROKENSEND HELP
,Recommended,247020,16684014,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Schadenfreude-Chan ( ºᴥº),You can run a 5-star restaurant full of high class dishes or a 5-star liquor store that sells 10 dollar bottles of wine at 9 in the morning.What a day to be alive.
76561198070751010,Recommended,247020,18601502,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,RATQU33N,"To everyone who works in SherriSoda Tower,I'm sorry that you may not like the smell of corn dogs and fish in the morning. But where else can you go that serves beer at 9am?"
,Not Recommended,247020,29732220,Posted: 5 February,all,Harvest,"Cook, Serve, Delicious! is a fun idea that's enjoyable while it lasts, but once you realize its core gameplay consists entirely of performing the same glorified QTEs for hours on end, you'll likely lose the patience to keep playing. There are other cooking games on the market that provide a much more in-depth experience, and thereby last much longer."
76561198052594334,Recommended,247020,8469232,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,QotC2,"People buy beer in the morning, have ice cream for breakfast, what isn't to love?"
,Recommended,247020,9304635,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,✪ h motherfuckin a,"Hello guys, my name is d3rp5, better known as Bob Herrington. I would just like to say that this game is very fun and addicting and this is actaully worth 10 bucks. One of the best games I've ever played. 9/10"
,Recommended,247020,16431420,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Riveroo,"If your brain is lagging and slow response don't play this game,..8/10"
,Recommended,247020,29532640,Posted: 27 January,all,Toadofsky,"A bit slow to progress, however later game phases are quite addicting!  Would burn all the customers' food again while texting.  9/10."
,Recommended,247020,29379143,Posted: 20 January,all,Schmidu za Jędzejczyka pls,Simple and challenging
76561198095804183,Recommended,247020,29556680,Posted: 28 January,all,Disneyforever,-Plays extreme difficulty-Am now a better typer10/10 would learn again
,Recommended,247020,29375796,Posted: 20 January,all,WelshDrag0n,A old school RTS classic and finally on steam! Anyone who likes the genre and never played this needs too!
76561198067687066,Recommended,247020,29560564,Posted: 29 January,all,clumsy_scientist,A restaurant simulator with a step-by-step cooking component wrapped up in a delicious storyline and engaging side quests. Can't go wrong and didn't go wrong.
76561198026075448,Recommended,247020,9485146,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,RunAwayFive,<3
,Recommended,247020,32832307,Posted: 26 June,all,MusTanG™,.
76561198059219740,Recommended,247020,34648275,Posted: 31 August,all,TJ♛,I finnaly get to spit in people's food 10/10
,Recommended,247020,13724072,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,CampMePlease,Amazing
,Recommended,247020,10249174,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Kei-chan,"Tap out key combinations to fill orders and create delicious food, then upgrade your restaurant to five stars and do so with pinky extended. Repeat ad infinitum.Best experienced with a mechanical keyboard for maximum 'taka taka'."
76561197994933847,Recommended,247020,16633641,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Siuriki,Y IZ VIS SO ADDICTIV ?!?
,Recommended,247020,12079696,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Elle :D,"This game is incredibly fun and easy to learn, with plenty of fantastic humor to accompany it. This game is well worth the money, and it's a steal for what you get. Easily one of my favorite games. It's a quick going game, so it can be played when you have a small amount of free time on your hands, but has a continuity in the storyline to where it can be played for hours on end. It's constantly changing and always a fun, interesting challenge. Buy it, it's well worth it."
,Recommended,247020,17280232,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,SuperAyzeek,Super!
,Recommended,247020,29249967,Posted: 14 January,all,Empress Dowager,"Seemed too simple for me at first, but I like it in spurts and I keep coming back."
,Recommended,247020,20520981,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Andrew4Gaming | CSGOSpeed.com,"I like this game, it's eazy and funny!"
,Recommended,247020,22379355,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,a kitten,"Brief review for now as I'm still quite new to the game. That said......I can see all my free time over the next few weeks vanishing into invidiually seasoned steaks, very precise salads, and delicious-looking ice creams that I just want to eat off the screen.I think I will probably regain my free time just in time for Cook, Serve, Delicious 2 to come out.There's so much to do. Even from very early on. So. Many. Things. I'm exhausted, being a chef. And I'm not really a chef.Buy this game!"
,Recommended,247020,30366047,Posted: 6 March,all,Fenrari,Absolutely awesome cooking sim. Manage a small greasy spoon and work your way up to a fine restaurant. Some of the more puzzling star requirements aren't as fun to repeatedly fail but the challenge makes the food all the better.
,Recommended,247020,31089992,Posted: 11 April,all,staticmyth,"Fantastic game for those of us who grew up playing time management kitchen games but want a more difficult upgrade. And this game is difficult, I promise."
76561198054805078,Recommended,247020,8305104,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Skark18,Amazing
76561198052939973,Recommended,247020,8519045,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Keksik),Nice)
,Recommended,247020,29640954,Posted: 1 February,all,Codie Proasheck,"The best cooking game by far, I can't wait for the sequel."
,Recommended,247020,9642103,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Supa_Kappa,"HARDCORE COOKING.It works like a typing game but oh boy is it satisfying. Excellent sound, great sense of humour, a burger that made me cry and more!You're guaranteed to come out of this game craving some lasange."
,Recommended,247020,8732941,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Darth Irule,"If you are ever bored and not sure what to do, this is a good game to kill time with."
,Recommended,247020,18146719,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Salarn,https://youtu.be/8_erD8vWq-YWhile it may look appetizer this hardcore restaurant sim has a lot of meat on the bone.  A masterful display of how proper pacing of highs and lows impacts the enjoyment of a game.
,Recommended,247020,13018611,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,niaiserie,More stressful and rewarding than working in an actual kitchen.
76561198281941329,Recommended,247020,32153581,Posted: 3 June,all,"Stormageddon, Dark Lord of All",Funny Game
76561198025305749,Recommended,247020,23778214,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Black Crimson Dragon,fun game fast food
76561198028485578,Recommended,247020,25384829,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,TheSourSprite,i ate my screen
76561198098282319,Not Recommended,247020,30912674,Posted: 2 April,all,Phra Khanong,This game has been out way too long to still have this many bugs.
,Recommended,247020,24019135,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,baerr,"If you want to know where the keys on your keyboard are and love challenge, look no further than Cook, Serve, Delicious."
76561198020575563,Recommended,247020,16460931,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,BBQBaconBurger,"This game is stupidly addicting. Its such a simple concept, but shined to a mirror polish. The music, graphics, everything about this game is absolutly perfect.Now if you'll excuse me I have a few more beers to accidently overpour."
,Recommended,247020,8297893,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,WingDancer,"Amazingly fun game!It's one of those titles that keeps you on the edge of the seat and challenges your reflexes and perception. Much like Papers, Please! this game pressures you in a fun and engaging way.The trailer and gameplay videos looked daunting, but the helpfull tutorial and practice mode help you become the best chef ever in a matter of minutes! Complex recipies can be easily remembered, and you'll catch yourself juggling the customers around better than a professional circus clown.Overall, a very good buy!"
,Recommended,247020,30325173,Posted: 4 March,all,Dackie,amazing game good and fast paste you really need to learn the combinations to have an advantage.hard mode is very good when you want a real challenge
76561198036671040,Recommended,247020,34383190,Posted: 20 August,all,twofacetoo,"Great idea, fun to play, addicting too, but horribly unintuitive. This game often gives you very little instruction of what to do (and even when it does, it can be buried in a wall of fluff text). The worst part is when the game simply chooses not to acknowledge an important button-press, usually when you're in the middle of something vital, causing you to unintentionally ruin several recipes."
76561198014647522,Recommended,247020,29614583,Posted: 31 January,all,Chazman401,Good if you like quick time event6.5/10
,Recommended,247020,17181670,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,JwowBMB,"Chaotic, fast and crazy. Cook, Serve, Delicious is a blitzkrieg of culinary assembly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. (I prefer it with 2 people =D)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yGPQ0wvkoJ4&list=PLkKQMSOwHGvMaSHeEk3pmTTCmmAj-h0sI"
,Recommended,247020,12613564,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Monday,ONIONS PEPPERS SPICE COOK PREP SERVE NEXT god help me
,Not Recommended,247020,22882263,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,SneakyPrawn,The game was mindless fun. But I lost interset when had start IDing the Robbers.
76561197992339924,Recommended,247020,25509792,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Professor Cuckulus,"Got it for a buck. Honestly a pretty decent game for it's price.♥♥♥♥♥♥name though. Would be better if it were called Look, Serve, Delicious, then you could abbreviate it to LSD.LSD. Can't get enough of it. Probs take another hit right now."
,Not Recommended,247020,22471135,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,D0idStr1k,"Wonky controls, sluggish response. Similar games are more fun with better game play. This did have potential though."
,Recommended,247020,28256254,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Kodandais,yes
76561198053169389,Recommended,247020,9011201,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,nindenine,"Fun at first .... but, by day 8, I had all requirements for 1 star except for 20 days running my restaurant... perhaps it's my attention span, but I stopped playing soon after from tedious day to day rotating foods.... menu board limit increased, but items  go ""rotten"" after two days.. give us 1 star sooner, and let us keep our menu longer ....what if I like selling Fish 'n Chips (fries) to folks that enjoy it for more than 2 days ...it is my restaurant and it is a big tower with many customers ... what if Joe who chose pizza one day, fried chicken the next, but can't order what was on the menu his first day there?...give it 5-7 days for a food, so Joe can try something new each (working) day!It's still a fun game, I wouldn't not reccommend...it might work for others"
,Recommended,247020,7858569,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,DevD,Simple brainless fun until you get to the more complicated foods. Great game! I can't wait for CSD2!!!
,Recommended,247020,7568006,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,KeiseiAESkyliner,"EDIT: It's been a while, so I gotta say something.This game for me is still good. I would recommend grabbing it during a sale, if you're interested. Soundtrack is nice, and the gameplay is good, though my only qualm is that the commands can mess up your mind if you have overlapping letters for some dishes."
,Recommended,247020,7446373,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,Kiya,If you love a challenge you will enjoy this game.  It's a lot of fun and very addictive.
,Recommended,247020,7404105,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,Inspector Henckels,never choose the soup IT IS HELL TO MAKE
76561198093890885,Recommended,247020,7890576,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,monowaffles,Its quiet a fun game with plenty of things to get addicted to! it is one of the better indies out there and is worth your money if you know what your getting which is a button masher with timing and thats all it is.
76561198132910613,Recommended,247020,16566003,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Tyathias,"Oh. My. God. This game has more excercise than the Kinect and Wii combined with myself franticly pressing buttons to serve my entrees in time. However, the soundtrack is upbeat at rush hours and slow for the rest of the day making my virtual resturaunt day easier. Make your menu however you feel. Do you want beer, steak and wine for your menu? WHO CARES, DO IT. Do you want salads, baked potatoes and fish? Step right to it! I absolutely love this game!This game is fantastic! Buy it! What are you still waiting for? Buy it!"
,Recommended,247020,23964843,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,N00B731O,"I put by error some bacon on his potato, he dislike it, I delete the game.10/10 Would realistically error/order again."
,Recommended,247020,13212265,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,froggurts,This is a game that needs all your focus and typing skills.
,Recommended,247020,34042976,Posted: 5 August,all,Kung Fu Kenny,"This game is great. I love this game, you love this game, your grandmother's cat loves this game. Buy this game."
76561198061907645,Recommended,247020,13704591,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Arcade Wizard,ARCADE WIZARD'S REVIEWFUN: 4/5GRAPHICS: 2/5SHOULD YOU BUY IT?: YESGOOD FOR A 10 MINUTE SESSION?: YES
76561198014129751,Recommended,247020,16344471,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Frankie,"Great cooking simulator, somewhat linear when it comes about preparing your own foods/menu but it is a great game if you enjoy the idea of multitasking and being good at it."
76561198017286261,Recommended,247020,34613125,Posted: 30 August,all,Christian Gamer Jolee,Great game.Practice typing skills while having fun!ProTyping skills improveFunLots of moving partsSkill basedTime management skillsConOptions to turn down music.I play with keyboard as game control is impossibleI can't wait to play cook serve delicious 2!Here is me playing the game-https://youtu.be/t3H0Vq-E1SE
76561198352053178,Recommended,247020,32008021,Posted: 27 May,all,theFantasy723,"Good game! It isn't the best, but it isnt horrible either. Good game!"
76561198110377163,Recommended,247020,24528041,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,BERNARD SANDALS,Fun.
,Recommended,247020,24530583,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,ryoshi utin [SS],1/10 its ok
76561198247527812,Recommended,247020,33756378,Posted: 23 July,all,shiraofpeace,So fun! Was planning on playing for 15 minutes and ended up playing for 2 hours. Totally addictive.
,Recommended,247020,8376110,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Dragon Dai (Uey),"Buy this game. Seriously. You will thank youself. You'll be sittng there, cooking, serving, and deliciousing, and you'll be like ""Thank god I got this game. Cause it's awesome.""I know it looks a little strange, but trust me, this game is totally addictive, fun, and challenging. It will put you under extreme pressure, and then, when you succeed anyway, well, it's a pretty rad feeling.So yeah. Get this totally awesome game."
,Recommended,247020,16263473,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,ping.pong.roadman (real),COOK ME
76561198063968845,Recommended,247020,25472561,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Masquerade,"""Just the sausage please"" ((Lenny Face))"
,Recommended,247020,24547427,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,AtlasBlu45,"Have you ever wanted to manage your own restaurant? Have you ever wanted to serve the wrong food to your customers? If yes, then this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,247020,20223177,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,🅿🅿,"I bought this game because it was on sale, my first try I thought ""easy breazy"" I was doing it perfectly. And then came the rush hour and I had one of the most craziest panic I've ever had in a game. THIS GAME is so mad in a good way! Totally enjoying every level and there is so much things to do! I had never washed a plate that fast ever! THIS GAME IS AWESOME!!!"
,Not Recommended,247020,30480897,Posted: 12 March,all,aa1388,"Its true all you do is hit keys, prioritizing some above others, trying to maximize your output (what you cook)it wasn't very funi wanted to like it"
76561198057160746,Not Recommended,247020,17152925,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,poublack,Game is very addictive but i did end up feeling like I wasted my time.It gets repetitive very fast but somehow compels you to play more.I will praise the developper for the effort as it is pretty in depth for such a simple game but i just can't recommend it.all the achievements /10 would not get them all again
76561198037585126,Recommended,247020,8378783,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Fire Walk With Me,"This game is better than it has any right to be.A play if you will.Titled Oh!  My fingers!  How they tingle with joyous excitement!Me:  Hm, this game is $2.50.  I think I wanted to try it out.Me: It has Steam Cards.  Maybe I can get a few quarters back if I buy it.Me:  Heh, the emoticons are kind of fun.  I might keep these.Me:  Guess I'll fire it up and maybe leave it on while I make a sandwich.  But in real life...LIKE THEY SHOULD BE MADE.Me: I like the art.Me:  I like the music.Me: Why am I talking out-loud to myself?Me:  lol @ the emails.Me:  **** this is hard.Me:  Perfect day all chores and food!  **** YOU MOTHERTRUCKERS!Me:  This is best new game I've played in a few months.Me:  How much did I pay again?Me:  The ****?!?~~~fin~~~"
,Not Recommended,247020,16130405,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,2 Bad,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EgsrmQeGA0QThis si more of a QTE game rather than anything else. It's masked as a restaurant management and simulation, but trust me, that's not what this game is. The tags for this game are badly thought out. You DO get to run a restaurant, and choose what food it serves and get money but the thing is... you don't sit back and watch OTHERS serve the actual food. YOU have to do it.So you end up doing the dishes, and putting meat and stuff on a hamburger and so on. On a timer. That's the entire actual gameplay.So, while I do think it's an okay game, I was mislead. I thought it was a REAL management sim."
,Not Recommended,247020,16712736,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Dr. Pupper,"I thought this game would be more focused on managing a store, akin to a Tycoon game. Instead, it's a very repetitive game where you just click ingredients in a certain order to make food, over and over again. There are very little ways you can control the growth of your restaurant, and the few ways available mostly just allow you to click different ingredients in a different order.The game is very cheap (I got it for $1 on a Steam sale), but still, not recommended."
76561198067209973,Not Recommended,247020,22848320,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,WildMitchell,"""It took me three in-game days to get bored of this game, each day is 10 minutes long...""Performance wise, it's perfectly competent, it does maintain its 30fps lock. But, it's just boring. It takes the concept of quick time events and expects to make a fully fledged game out of it, and that same core gameplay experience is for free on IOS on games like Cooking Fever!"
76561197985417608,Not Recommended,247020,17903582,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Leon Maxwell,Just a push buttons as fast as you can and get on a scoreboard game....I would much rather prefer a more fleshed out resturaunt managment game rather than this guitar hero in a restaurant non-sense
,Recommended,247020,24103056,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,/feg/ off,Bagus nih buat ningkatin apm sama map awareness di dota
76561198066351554,Recommended,247020,32884636,Posted: 27 June,all,TaNei,"Fun, but not that fun. Thanks for the refund!"
,Not Recommended,247020,19482268,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Insta,"Bought it on a 90% sale expecting it to be in the same vibe as Papa'sFood Hereia. It wasn't. Controls are too complex for me, on both keyboard and controllers. I gave up and asked a refund.And that's my life-long story of how I got rid of this game."
76561198109122130,Recommended,247020,22880374,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,ThomasBlomkål,"Gotta admit, this game is so much fun! Love it! I mean except for those moments when you have 150 combo meals and accidentally press the wrong key.10/10 would eat pasta with shrimp, chicken and beef. Gross."
76561197999217408,Recommended,247020,8699190,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Scraggles McKuhn,"Gersh gurndy morn-dee burn-dee, burn-dee, flip-flip-flip-flip-flip-flip-flip-flip-flip."
,Not Recommended,247020,8318031,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Paitryn,"Any game where I have to flush toliets is not exactly my idea of a good cooking game. From someone who runs a restaurant, the games pricing seems a bit crazy as you spend far mor than you return your menu has to constantly change (which in the real world you will fail at the business) and for some reason you have to go to the bathroom 10 times a day (?) For cooking simulators this one doesnt quite hit the mark in any way possible."
,Not Recommended,247020,9305948,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,iskernel,"I bought this game thinking thinking it would be more like Pizza Tycoon. Not very impressed with it. It has its good parts, but overall I would've expected more management and less keyboard play."
,Not Recommended,247020,8410789,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,racism is correct,"From the sheer volume of words written about it in the Storefront I was expecting something like an updated Pizza Tycoon but instead it's basically Diner Dash, just with menu-driven QTEs instead of the maze-platforming. I guess ""videogame 'journalists'"" will get all tl;dr about p.much anything.How the game actually goes: Press key to take order. Press keys to make order. Press key to serve order. Sometimes you have to take out the trash or wash dishes or flush a toilet, and you do these things by pressing keys. Rinse. Repeat. After a day is over you can buy new dishes (click dish, click purchase), buy new equipment (the only reason you'll do this is to unlock different dishes or automate some of the trash-taking dish-washing toilet-flushing), or add things to make people wait longer before exiting in a huff. You buy new equipment by clicking on it, btw. Oh but wait, that's not all, you can also plan your menus! (by clicking the foods you've bought)The ""menu-planning"" is kinda simplistic (some dishes get ""old"" after two consecutive days, that's really the only thing preventing you from keeping a static min-maxed menu of the Highest Priced Items), and the ""upgrades"" are only necessary from an achievement-farming / restaurant star rating upgrade perspective, generally you have to serve 200-300 of a dish before you even recoup the initial investment. To put that in perspective, each day you can expect to sell a maximum of about 50 total dishes across all types.It's a fun distraction and the execution is great for what it is (you can even rebind the QTE keys - major props for that) but on the other hand the ""upgrade your restaurant"" progression requires twenty game-days and after eight game-days it was getting a little tedious so whatever. If Indie, Casual is your thing then by all means check this out, but this isn't a fu­ckin ""Simulation"" by any stretch of the imagination and the ""Strategy"" is simplistic at best.If it was categorized properly (Indie, Casual) I'd give it a thumbs-up, but the miscategorization/misrepresentation is pretty sleazy. If this is a strategy simulation then TF2 is a wargame."
,Not Recommended,247020,7648171,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Oz,I thought this looked fun but actually it's like a real job; stressful and repetitive
,Recommended,247020,23930592,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,⎛⎝Don Grammar Police⎠⎞,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.INGREDIENTS:1. 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided2. 1 onion, diced3. 1 pound ground beef4.1 pound ground pork5. 1/2 cup Panko*6. 2 large egg yolks7. 1/4 teaspoon ground allspice8. 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg9 .Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to tasteFOR THE GRAVY1. 1/4 cup unsalted butter2. 1/3 cup all-purpose flour3. 4 cups beef broth4. 3/4 cup sour cream5. Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste6. 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leavesDIRECTIONS:1. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion, and cook, stirring frequently, until onions have become translucent, about 2-3 minutes.2. In a large bowl, combine ground beef, ground pork, Panko, egg yolks, allspice, nutmeg and cooked onion; season with salt and pepper, to taste. Using a wooden spoon or clean hands, stir until well combined. Roll the mixture into 1 1/4-to-1 1/2-inch meatballs, forming about 24 meatballs.3. Add remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil to the skillet. Add meatballs, in batches, and cook until all sides are browned, about 4-5 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate.4. To make the gravy, melt butter in the skillet. Whisk in flour until lightly browned, about 1 minute. Gradually whisk in beef broth and cook, whisking constantly, until slightly thickened, about 1-2 minutes. Stir in sour cream; season with salt and pepper, to taste.5. Stir in meatballs and cook, stirring occasionally, until heated through and thickened, about 8-10 minutes.6. Serve immediately, garnished with parsley, if desired.*Panko is a Japanese-style breadcrumb and can be found in the Asian section of your local grocery store."
,Not Recommended,247020,14053282,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Remco32,"This game could've been so much more fun. But the grind towards a new upgrade takes way too long. The game really requires upgrades and the like to keep the gameplay fresh. Since, in the end, you are just playing the same old minigames to the point where they become chores."
,Not Recommended,247020,17393692,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,faggor king of gaystonia,"jleff brisko, a regular at my fine establishment, comes in on a wet saturday. he demands all the surciose we have in stock. he is eating so fast. i cannot keep up with him. other customers are getting angry. the health inspector is furious. theres only one escape only one way out i cant keep going on he took my son then my wife now he is taking my business"
,Not Recommended,247020,9824281,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,wormroom,"Stuff takes too long to do, and the stuff that you do isn't very engaging. Flash games where you make burgers have more depth, which is weird to think about. True though."
76561198141194091,Not Recommended,247020,13649937,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,TammyFam,At first It was fun.Later on The♥♥♥♥♥♥was boring asf
,Not Recommended,247020,8319294,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,sh0wman.,"I'm torn on this game.On one side, I really enjoy it, as you need to be fast, have good memory and be able to multi-task.On the other hand, I thought this would be more of a macro restaurant management than what I experienced so far. I only played a couple of hours, but it's starting to get tedious.I'll keep playing, maybe it will grow on me when I get more hours in."
,Not Recommended,247020,16456891,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,eRogue,"The interface is crude.  It is not well made like the Flipline (Papa's) franchise.  The most practical approach is to use a keyboard/mouse combinative input, where the optimal approach changes for every task.  Default configuration is M for mustard on a corndog, but it is Y on another dish because M represents something else.  It would be best to use the keyboard for everything as it's so much faster, but having to use the arrow keys along with the rest of the keyboard makes it quite unatural to play as a typing game.I think the food items' bonuses and maluses are well planned, and conceptionally the game is fine, but the implementation is very lacking."
76561198008914127,Not Recommended,247020,18001143,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Wuzzerator,"I've played 12 minutes so far. I'm unlikely to play anymore. It looks like a fun game on the surface but it has too many levels of complication to make it entertaining. If, perhaps, they had a more linear progression model to build up my skills it might help, but all in all I'm not sure I can be bothered to find out."
,Not Recommended,247020,13874208,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Shacked,"Bought this game on sale a few months back.Its fun for the first couple hours actually, but after playing for a little while it gets boring.I wouldn't buy it unless the price is low(on sale)"
,Not Recommended,247020,16445789,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Oscaruzzo,Not fun.
,Not Recommended,247020,19868501,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,|Tekgen| Blue Ranker Forever,I'd rather have bought a pack of gum than this game.
,Not Recommended,247020,20269744,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Penguin,Ok If You Enjoy these types if games but...... would not recomend if you don't love these types of games
76561197983191258,Not Recommended,247020,16428325,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Karl The Butcher Shitter,"I don't get it why this game is so popular. I bought this on a summer sale deal so I only paid 99cents but I still kinda regret my purchuse. This isn't really a sim at all, it's just a raise against the clock style game where you have to put orders together before the timer runs out. I was hoping for a sim like Pizza Tyccon or something. This isn't anything like that at all. Sorry but I don't like this game."
76561198150610072,Not Recommended,247020,16608065,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,draigisan,"Game best played with a controller. Game advertised as being able to use a controller. Low and beyhold I buy the game, controller support dosn't work. I later saw the subject on a steam discussion board and the devopler admits it dosn't support using a controller!!! WTF either support controllers or change the advertising/options, do not just metaphorically shrug your shoulders!!!!"
,Not Recommended,247020,12200373,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Serguzzle,"I really tried my best to enjoy this game, but despite how fun cooking is to me, the game as a whole becomes really tedious. There is just too much work between star ratings; after getting the first one I thought things would change a bit, but they really didn't."
76561198084595516,Not Recommended,247020,14419195,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Bludkill,Terrible. This isn't a 'hard-core' restaurant sim; it's a tedious click-fest. I'm certain that this was designed as a smartphone game and ported to PC as an afterthought. Don't waste your time or money.
76561198129326644,Not Recommended,247020,13294181,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,DeadWraith,It's ok. I serve this game a sideways thumb.
76561198107119622,Not Recommended,247020,30460618,Posted: 11 March,all,kyazz,You tap keys that's all just refund if you wanna type go towww.typeracer.comto type away and smash them keys into outer space.
,Not Recommended,247020,13643242,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Edwin,"The game is advertised as having full controller support, but it's broken.http://steamcommunity.com/app/247020/discussions/0/620696934022170458/Can't recommend it until that's fixed"
,Not Recommended,247020,16635214,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Sandwichman,"I think what we have here is a well designed sim game that is more of a precise button mashing extravaganza than an actual game. There are plenty of features, but it comes off as rather tedious and at times frustrating.I don't think there's much detail to give on this game. You set your menu, make some food (which is basically intense button mashing on a timer), then you get the happy hour rush and button mash faster, and then eventually the day ends. You feel tired, you feel bored, and you feel annoyed. Having worked in the service industry before, I can tell you, this delivers a true-to-life experience. The only way it could be more real is if you were sweaty, covered in food, and sleep deprived... Maybe we have to wait for the Oculus Rift version...Anyways, you have to hit each food order's buttons precisely and it turns out to be a rather frustrating experience. The game looks like a tough casual game, but it's far from it. It's a tough hard-core game with a casual UI/graphics that requires fast reflexes, precision and planning. I don't think it's a bad game, but it's not the kind of game that interests me or would interest those with similar tastes to mine. I just found it to be too tedious to be fun."
76561197998431085,Recommended,247020,16457074,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Progeria Pete,This game is so good that I feel bad I only paid a dollar for it.
76561198125818525,Not Recommended,247020,17552552,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Np237,This is boring as hell.
,Recommended,247020,25451047,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Paar'nahkrin,Recommended !
,Recommended,247020,18280043,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Neko-Nomikon,"It's a really cool fun competetive game which can be played solo or with friends. Tons of upgrades and food items, aswell as mechanics to mix gameplay up a bit.The menu music gets a little erotic and saucy though..."
,Not Recommended,247020,16611529,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,best overall gamer in di country,chill game to hustle and/or get that paper but the music sucks dicky make sure to turn it off so -5 points for nerd music that made me cringe
,Not Recommended,247020,8615376,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Karoleigh,"This game is great if you're on a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of adderall. Otherwise, the game was a little crazy fast for me to handle."
76561197994177206,Not Recommended,247020,11253231,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Protato,"Cook, Serve, Delicious! will appeal to almost everyone who enjoyed playing the several time management games with cooking themes that were really popular about 10 years ago. The game has plenty of unique ideas, all of the foods have unique mini-games for preparation/cooking and have different properties that will change your restaraunts popularity based on time of day, weather, and other foods on your menu. However, the game get's stale really quick, and unfortunately there are a few foods that really end up being the best, so you have very little reason to change up your menu. If the game added more food options (both new foods and new complications to existing foods) and worked on making all of the foods on the menu worth while, I could see reccomending this game. However, as of now, the game falls flat."
,Not Recommended,247020,22603276,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,webb-o,Probaby the worst game of our generation.
,Not Recommended,247020,9879481,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,OLD,"If people enjoy this game, then fair play to them.But for myself, no, not at all. Its so clunky, so bad, so repetitive it just isnt worth the money at all.Maybe would of been better as an app game, but deffo not for the pc etc"
,Not Recommended,247020,10236982,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,IcePotato,This game is like a job. Not the kind of job you love and are excited to go back to.
,Not Recommended,247020,13669422,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Alabama,I want to turn this into a gift and sell it.And then use the money on something better.
,Not Recommended,247020,15839886,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,наdос,Meh like the flash game.
76561198029818396,Recommended,247020,14204845,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,GrenadesAndHamm,Very addicting game!
,Not Recommended,247020,8339210,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Cigol,It's a mobile/tablet game. I played it for a bit but it's probably more stressful than the real thing. It's not got as intuitive a control scheme as it purports either - since you have to use the mouse and there are layers of screens for the more complicated dishes (and I'm not wasting memory cells on keyboard shortcuts for those). I'd play it on a tablet but not PC.
,Not Recommended,247020,28771385,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Fight Aaaaaah,.
76561198055822439,Not Recommended,247020,13092203,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,jcdickens123,A little childish and silly ok if you have some hours to waste away but very basic point and click style game.
,Not Recommended,247020,12874419,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Can't Stop The Madness,This game is like my day job.Oh god.Oh god why.Gameplay vid:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YsMBMMzb27w
,Not Recommended,247020,26464195,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Murrrdogg,meh.
,Not Recommended,247020,8503605,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Semen Milkshakes,were r da guns o wait only da ai get guns i only get corn dog how i supose to win with corn dog 0/10
,Not Recommended,247020,8111426,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,ツ♥Cheshire Kitty♥ツ,"Hate this game, don't know why I wasted my time playing it. The food cause menu rot too quickly and even after you wait a while it still cause your buzz feed to go down. I don't know but this isn't my time of game anyway so maybe somebody else would like it."
,Not Recommended,247020,29416484,Posted: 22 January,all,FREE SHKRELI,why play this when i can make hot pocket in rela life
,Not Recommended,247020,29129771,Posted: 8 January,all,Gvauz,"I don't like making food in real life, nor do I like to that in a game... where's fun that?"
,Not Recommended,247020,32526628,Posted: 17 June,all,"""CRAZY"" Gaston","It's just a glorified time management game, who's recommending this??"
,Not Recommended,247020,31415921,Posted: 28 April,all,Friday,"stupid game where is the challenge, click p for pepper , m for mastard but click A for salt fkin genuis nice typing game"
,Not Recommended,247020,34925212,Posted: 13 September,all,Xsand,The most unreal game i have ever seen! Dont buy! Waste of time
,Not Recommended,247020,28400560,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,the hollywood hootsman,"cook, serve, disgusting!this games gay"
76561198076509589,Recommended,247020,19166644,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,A Large Dog from New Holland,Unexceptional. 6/8
,Recommended,247020,18938775,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,pinkspaceviking,"I am disgusted with myself how long I've spent playing this game since I got it yesterday. Bought this thinking it would be a nice little game to dip into now and then... how wrong. Numb fingers, twitching eyes, but have a 4-star restaurant to show for it.10/10, worth the agonizing torment of 'just-one-more-round'..."
76561198071641592,Recommended,247020,19001634,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,slaughter3123,"A great game to play with less video game oriented people, or anyone who enjoys the hectic nature of a kitchen. I strongly recommend this for anyone looking for their next co-op experience."
76561198037500921,Recommended,247020,7658048,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,No Pugga,"casual time management game, upgrades and daily challenges/menu mangement keep it fresh."
,Recommended,247020,19321191,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Vertibird,"Addictive and fun, glad I have it"
76561198203757140,Recommended,247020,19324161,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,atanasichuk,Fantastically fun and addicting!
,Recommended,247020,19347997,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,HeatherMischief,"I am addicted to this game, I love the fact I can play on my PC and Mac and just carry one from where I left off, this game gives you freedom to choose things, I like these kinds of games anyway but I think this is my favourite   :o)"
,Recommended,247020,19406688,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Jamejarrs,"Absolutely addicting.When I first started playing this game, I would wait impatiently to finish my job as a food service worker so I could come home and play a game about being a food service worker.Play on extreme difficulty if you enjoy dying and being in hell. I sure do."
76561197971755993,Recommended,247020,10310256,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Ildeon,"Hi mister !Ok one Classic Italian Lasagna ! PSCR PSCR PSCR ! Here we go !One coffee with creamer an 2 sugar, ↓ C SS !Oh ♥♥♥♥ rush hour !Lasagnas ! PSCR PSCR PSCRChicken breast TTTTTTSRaaah sanitary control !Toilet ↓SDishes ←→←→↑←→←→↑Spicy steak SPPPPJJOH nooo I'M IN HELL !!!ITALIAN SOUP !!! MIBCOT↓↓↓Z↓↓↓God damn not a robbery !! Didn't see his face naaa. Select anything♥♥♥♥ you Cook4Luv !Lasagnas ! PSCR PSCR PSCRThis game is hell !This game eats your brain !This game is the absolute apm training !Love this game !PS : I wish i could cook with a keyboard in real life !"
,Recommended,247020,10338941,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,chloica,"Love this game, very simple to pick up.  It is easy to get addicted, it draws you in wanting to get as many perfect days as you can.  The graphics are good, bright and easy to see.  If you love cooking/simulation games, definatly worth giving it a go."
,Recommended,247020,10434433,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Pake,This game is sexy as hell.
,Recommended,247020,10441570,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Pyrosexual,"A fast paced, fun, and addictive game that tests your time management skills and reflexes!"
76561198025694938,Recommended,247020,8459228,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Stevedevil,I'm ashamed by how much time I spend playing this. Remap your keys from the arrows so you don't have to jump your hands all around.
,Recommended,247020,8377399,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Fountain of Truth,"Really fun game, probably the only thing more stressful than working in an actual Restaraunt."
76561198070636369,Recommended,247020,8378109,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,rachelcolette,Fun game!
,Recommended,247020,8555790,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,alexandrasif,Addicting.
,Recommended,247020,8561825,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Zoure,"Dis game be ridiculous, yo"
76561198036858274,Recommended,247020,8565638,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Rhodri,"Fun and addictive, this game features RPG-like levelling, a little micromanagement and great twitch gaming. Purchased on a whim during the Steam Summer Sale I would probably have been more than happy had I paid full price."
,Recommended,247020,8568015,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Vampire Gillian Anderson,"I am surprised at how much I loved this game. This is not a ""casual game"" like those PopCap things. It gets really nitty gritty without bogging you down with details and giving you a steep learning curve for how to start playing. The only thing I wished it allowed you to do is to pick the decor of your restaurant. The ""emails"" you get to read are highly amusing, adding an atmosphere and element of surprise everyday. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,247020,8386026,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,perfectvelvet,Love it so far.  A bit of a challenge but that keeps it entertaining.
76561198010447603,Recommended,247020,8388145,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Hatredcopter,Deeper than it looks.  A fun and unique mix of hectic action and business management.
76561198005575785,Recommended,247020,8425306,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Supermaniac,"For the few bucks, it is more than worth the price.I got in on the Holiday sale, and I have been spending a few hours on it here and there.Funny little game, very complete and light at the same time.Bargain =)"
76561198024269949,Recommended,247020,8427225,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,traherne,"Looks repetitive but more addicting than you'd expect. More of a rythm game than a management sim, though."
,Recommended,247020,8421985,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Steelbolas,"Damn addicting, original gameplay. Accurately depicts the life and times of a restaurant worker. It's hectic as♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197986852114,Recommended,247020,8423329,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Keostee,"If you like time management games/cooking sims, this game is great! I defintely recommend it for the price; however, there were some things that annoyed me. Getting a perfect score becomes almost impossible later on and some of the food is ridiculously time consuming for having to be fast (looking at you, soup!). I didn't like that I have to gamble my money contstantly to get ahead as some of the challenges are stupid hard. All in all, I still enjoyed this game!"
,Recommended,247020,8404347,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,doth_revenge,"Absolutely love this game. Not your standard restaurant sim, but very addicting! I also enjoy being able to use either the mouse or the keyboard depending on my mood."
,Recommended,247020,8436388,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,doc shifty,"To begin this review, I have seen a blog post from this indie developer before it was even on greenlight, and have played the demo on Desura, so you can imagine the happy surprise I had when I saw it on steam! This game is really fun. Fun truly is the best to explain what I felt during it. The sounds of the game truly support the aesthetic of ""Slap the ingredients in the sandwich, you got 50 other things to do!"", and the hectic environment it creates supports that. Also, the game challenges you to step out of your comfort zone, which I rarely do. Proof of that is when I had a routine of having beer, salad, ice cream, coffee, and I alternated burgers and pizza (due to menu rot, where people dislike it when certain items stay on the menu for too long.). I was so good at making those that I never failed an order, or got it average. However, the game goes to great lengths to keep itself fresh, in many ways that I cannot describe. Soon enough, I had replaced my entire menu, and having more fun from doing it! I am so happy that Cook, Serve, Delicious was greenlighted!"
76561198008557714,Recommended,247020,8439572,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Spermatozoa,weirdly fun and addicting :)
,Recommended,247020,9803505,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Mr. Rascal,"Good game, good food, go play it."
,Recommended,247020,9817796,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,PhuGamer4life,"Yes! The game is fun to play :) Great game to react your brain faster. I usually play this when some ""big game"" is in loading. Rate 10/10"
,Recommended,247020,9828984,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Rancid Sam,"Okay, cool, Ore no Ryomi (2) got a commercial spiritual successor. So go try that if you want to get a feel for this game's gameplay, but as long as you can remember increasingly-complex patterns and not panic in situations that require quick thinking, this game's for you. I mean, it also features easy-to-learn, hard-to-master controls and a nice progression system, so you gotta' like those too, but come on it's a restraunt sim those things go without saying. Not like Diner Dash, though, but it's not like that's been relevant for half-a-decade anyway.Anyway point is yeah I recommend this game."
,Recommended,247020,9844333,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Xiandrian,"PASTA, MEAT, SAUCE, PARMAJIAN, PASTA, MEAT, SAUCE, PARMAJIAN, PASTA, MEAT, SAUCE, PARMAJIAN BAKE AND SERVEPOUND THE CHICKEN 6 TIMES TTTTTT SAUCE THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥S - ENTER!W U T Yx3 DOWN Tx3 DOWN Ax3DOWN SOUP YO.VCPH, PSCR, SCBOMG OUHNFCWOENCVWOACEQ';WJIECOIWJEFOJKIEIt's worth it (= w=)b"
,Recommended,247020,9844448,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Yeonni,"* Inventive ways to cook - not just button mashing* Beautiful design/graphics* Excellent difficulty curve that increases at your own pace* Easy to play - incredibly difficult to master. Equally fun as a moment's entertainment as a full-focus tryhard* Good variety of foodstuff, with various upgrades and equipment to buy for balanced costs* Quick, responsive controls, intuitive to me and if not to you they're fully costumizable and you can play with mouse or keyboard or gamepad (or combinations thereof if you want to complicate things)* Extra modes like catering, and leaderboard challengesI play this game on keyboard, and it's become almost meditative at this point. I know the lasagna recipes in my sleep :P I've gotten so much fun out of something so cheap! Strongly recommended for anyone who likes... er, what genre is this?"
,Recommended,247020,9403552,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Zvjeronika,"Don't know is someone remembers Last Call, the game that was in this way just with coctails. All i can say this is more fun and ""blood rush"" if you like to have high score and the most fanciest restorant there is. Won't regret buying, but if you lose nerves it's your own fault. ;)"
,Recommended,247020,9405239,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,ketchupman36,"Delightful graphics, simple but challenging gameplay, and packed with minor details that help flesh out the environment.  The varied and humorous e-mails are always fun to read after each day.  I also like the detail that went into describing all of the food.  It was way more in-depth than I would have expected.  The game can feel grindy at times but there is enough to help break up the monotony such as daily challenges, chores, and catering events."
,Recommended,247020,9405861,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Justincredible,"Papers, Please combined with Cooking Mama. It's playing a game about a job you try to do perfect but if you had this job in real life you would say ♥♥♥♥ it and walk out with your middle fingers up."
,Recommended,247020,9408454,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,bruceyohan34,This Game is REALLY fun to play! I use the keyboard and the game is so tense. I recommend this game
,Recommended,247020,8330849,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Rear Admiral,"Muscle Memory: The Game. A fun casual sim largely based around memorisation of keyboard controls, instead of a click or phone touch control system you'd expect from a game like this. Under its comfy atmosphere is intense gameplay during the food segments, and strategy in the money and upgrades and progression in the management segments. You really get in the zone while playing and rack up combos of perfect food orders, and you'll quickly be able to do it without looking at the keyboard or the key prompts, just the order description. Hella good. Put on some high BPM music in the background and get in the zone."
76561198036578291,Recommended,247020,8331038,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,MrPotatoTrooper,This game is fun!
76561198020712540,Recommended,247020,8332499,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,slite,"This game is the exact opposite of ""hardcore"" - in fact, the restaurant management aspects aren't even what I'd call the core gameplay. You get to set up a menu, and, uh, that's it. (You do have to purchase equipment/foods and watch out for interactions, but come on.)The core gameplay, however, IS interesting - you hve to prepare the foods yourself, so it's a sort of time management/action-y affair where you have to juggle chores and customer patience, decipher requests, pick the right ingredients and so on. It's almost something you'd expect to see on Android, if it wasn't for the heavy emphasis on keyboard shortcuts (which do work very well). Overall, I'd recommend the game - but if you expect a ""hardcore restaurant management sim"", skip it."
,Recommended,247020,8334063,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,warforgad,"Very addictive and satisfying. It may look like a free to play flash game, but it is actually a very fun game and worth every penny"
,Recommended,247020,8335019,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Teppic,"Extremely addictive, chaotic and fun!"
76561198043312767,Recommended,247020,8335398,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,♥oobeleydoobeley♥,"My entire day from here on out will be plagued by sultry voices, Cook, Serve, Delicious. It will haunt me, I will not sleep. I have now decided to dedicate my life to the art of cooking, maybe then the voices will stop."
,Recommended,247020,8336947,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,tctimmeh,"Why am I still playing this???? It shouldn't be fun, but it so is."
,Recommended,247020,8337580,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,DarkSaber2k,Insanely addictive game!
76561198043302732,Recommended,247020,8342472,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Doctor Bees,ITS AMAZZING
,Recommended,247020,8323428,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Nerdactive,"I've bought this game twice, a first time for me, so that alone speaks volumes.It's hard to describe just how intense and exciting this game is. It's a restaurant sim, you prepare food and do chores and it's heartpounding. Within an hour you'll be screaming trying to prepare a soup before a guy who wants a pizza gets too impatient, whilst some pancakes and two steaks are cooking and in risk of burning. This game is intense and I love it.Sugoi 10/10 Would Buy Again"
76561198007635999,Recommended,247020,7359827,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Gr8WhiteShark (JB),"Hectic Restaurant game where you get to play the manager, cook and even the cleaning staff. Great fun and flippen addictive!"
76561198135813353,Recommended,247020,10053041,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,emma.cx,"It's good, and fun, it's more aimed at those that have got good knowledge of the keyboard, but it can also help if you don't. I don't really have much to say about the game. It's good, but can be a bit repetitive, there is quite a bit to do, but if you're low on funds, early on in the game then you're stuck for a bit doing the same things. Which isn't necessarily bad. I just wish there was a little more variation."
76561198057492578,Recommended,247020,9913067,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,n9mfk9,love the game one thing I like  to see is a way to sale a item back after it has ben bought
76561198010506140,Recommended,247020,9977299,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Siam,"Having been weened off Flash Games, I expected this to be a clone of the Papas' series. However upon buying and testing it out, I discovered it is more than that. It combines elements of humor, with a rather intelligent keyboard layout system to preparing meals that will become second nature after a day or so. It keeps things interesting even for those who mastered the ingredients keyboard shortcut by having a pair of in game hour long rush hours every day to keep you on your toes.At the time of writing, I am at the 2nd Star of my restaraunt despite hours poured into the game, and plan on finishing it over the next few weeks. Definitely money well spent, and recieves my recommendations."
76561198042528128,Recommended,247020,9983993,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,GOLD MAN,"Love this game. Although it is kind of boring at the start with how slow it is, it gets better with more speed and constantly keeping track of everything.Playing this game is great to pass the time, and is still fun to this day."
,Recommended,247020,10764373,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Betsy Ross,I missed work because ofthis game.11/10Would eat here again.
,Recommended,247020,10765151,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Xemu,"I can't believe how much time I've spent playing this game.  It's deceptively simple, but has a very strong ""one more turn"" sort of aspect to it.  Simple but quite effective and fun."
,Recommended,247020,7349183,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,Dareon,"Around the time the PS2 came out, a demo disc included with Playstation Magazine had a Japanese import game on it.  It was a restaurant simulator, where each dish or chore was its own small minigame/puzzle.  I loved that game and have always remembered it fondly.  Apparently someone else did, too, or else this is a bigger genre than I ever thought.Gameplay is fast, with enough variety in the foods available that you can challenge yourself just enough to be difficult.  A baked-in mechanic forces you to change up your menu every couple of days, which will keep you from just coasting on your favorite dishes.Verdict: Nostalgic comfort food, flung out a drive-through window."
,Recommended,247020,10788017,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,moeblob,"This is seriously one of the most fun time-wasting games I've ever had the chance to play. More involved and more difficult than other popular cooking sims, there's definitely enough playtime to make up for the price."
,Recommended,247020,10789127,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,CuriousMints,"I can't explain to you why this game is as amazing as it is. There's something really addicting to it once you get into it though. When you start getting into this weird zone and not even thinking about the orders you're typing, it's a very blissful state. If it at all seems interesting to you, I recommend whole heartedly you pick it up on a steam sale. I'm not 100% I'd say it's worth full price, but if you really want it, I wouldn't tell you not to."
,Recommended,247020,10789706,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Seahorse,"I love this game! For the price, you get fun gameplay thats easy to pickup and play along with a lovely art style that I quite enjoy. As the game progresses, you have the option to make it harder for yourself with the difficult dishes to prepare, or go the easier route with simple dishes that is a good way to get the hang of the game. The upgrade choices are decently vast (though I would have liked to see a few extra dishes, however a minor complaint) and gives you the option to decide how you progress to the higher tiers of the game and at what speed / difficulty.I would recommend this game for those that want a relatively casual game (and I mean that in a positive way) that, while a bit ""grind-ey"" can be enjoyable and fulfilling when you get your first star with your restaurant."
76561198049691952,Recommended,247020,11511677,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,MelonJedi,Great game that gets increasing harder yet still relaxing to play when i'm bored :D
,Recommended,247020,10993085,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Blazingpelt,I had a perfect 60x combo at 9:50pm and I spilled a guys beer9/10
76561198066321858,Recommended,247020,10996004,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Dalaik,This game made me hate Lasagna.10/10
,Recommended,247020,10950597,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Jodster,Extremely challenging when the game speeds up. I don't think I'd ever really get bored with this due to the side challenges. I still have difficulties completing all of them. Another really addicting game though.
,Recommended,247020,10848188,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,I fap to hentai,Suprisengly fun deffenatly worth getting
76561197999099461,Recommended,247020,10849316,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Serenade,A great little cooking/management simulation that is routinely updated and well supported. Highly reccomended.
,Recommended,247020,10905330,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,greenrosetta,Fast paced and highly addictive.  Great way to practice your touch typing skills which is always an added bonus.
76561198094507819,Recommended,247020,10921883,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ZeppelinGarden,Super addicting. I absolutely love it!
,Recommended,247020,11296765,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Felix Fox,"In a word -- McDonald's: Dark Souls edition.This is a pretty fantastic game. You've got to have quick fingers to get all the orders in perfectly and you've got to get perfect orders for a better restaurant.Additonally, the sound design is excellent. There's not much more satisfying than the SMACK SMACK SMACK of ingredients.DO get this game if you enjoy frantic fast-paced action.DO NOT get this game if you do not enjoy fast-paced action or pressing keys quickly."
,Recommended,247020,11470728,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,That Guy Rick,This is one of the most hardcore game i ever played and thanks to this one game i memorize all the buttons on my keyboard :D
76561198116376581,Recommended,247020,11940061,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Dr. Davin,One of the best cooking games ever. Definitely worth $10
,Recommended,247020,11967895,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Dolenwen,A fun and very easy to pick up game that takes just the right amount of thought for when you want something to do for just an hour or so. Gets a bit repetative but for the price is pretty damn good.
,Recommended,247020,7580730,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,stan,This game is terrible.
,Recommended,247020,12100689,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Weakling,Repetitive strain injury: THE GAME!
76561198045145245,Recommended,247020,9618537,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Tyf,"This is entirely WAY too fun.  It's not like many of the other popular cooking games.. no actually pushing butter around the pan ala ""Cooking Mama"", nor serving people & taking orders like the awful Diner shockwave games.This is more like the best cooking game of all time - Order Up for the Wii.  It's more Restaurant play - cleaning up, putting together pre-made ingredients, deciding which dishes to buy & which to upgrade, and personalizing per the order.   Order Up on the Wii was a magnificent game, and this builds on that idea by making it keyboard-friendly, thus MUCH faster.Side note - my daughter & her friend streamed this on twitch & loved yelling at the customers.  They were able to split between arrow-keys/mouse for one player and 1/2/3/4 & S for the other.. it was a fun vision of teamwork that I found myself missing when I played alone."
,Recommended,247020,9369067,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Azure,"This is honestly one of the most enjoyable games I've ever played. Rather than just clicking to serve and clear things away, you're madly pressing buttons to keep up with orders and get people the right foods. My only advice is to make sure you know what button is what and maybe go into the settings to keep each ingredient the same button for each food item."
,Recommended,247020,21377966,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,DFPS,"CSD lives up to its name. It challenges your reaction speed and anyone playing the game will have a guaranteed panic attack or two. In addition, it also boils down to memorization and it will help later on when you have at least six things to keep track of. Also, making pasta and pizza are much harder than it looks."
,Recommended,247020,21353437,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,r33fd,"An easy game to get sucked into; the best, most customizable restaurant sim around"
76561198037159096,Recommended,247020,21400877,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,sprincer99,"This cooking 'sim' be hella dank. The dankest even. Oh yeah, use a 360 controller; it's yummier."
76561198066038925,Recommended,247020,21478883,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,IJSta,Highly Addictive Game! Easy to play but hard to master
76561198039070388,Recommended,247020,21443759,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Betty Crocker,"This is pretty much everything I've been looking for in a restaurant simulation game. The only way it could be better....Is if you could customize like, your restaurant a little more...But...Even then I still give this 9.5/10. Love it."
,Recommended,247020,30446953,Posted: 11 March,all,I'm Your Noona ><,Simple but fun! xD
76561198072756098,Recommended,247020,29535127,Posted: 27 January,all,Merk,"Alright, let's get started!""Gimme a baked potato! Put some butter and chives on it!""Wait, why is chives H and not C--""Pizza! Everything on it!""Onions are N and olives are V?! Which one is--""Steak! Season it thrice over and juice it once!""IT'S ONLY DAY 6!""Get the goddamn trash out of here!""""Dishes are piled up!""""Gimme lasanga! Pasta, sauce, cheese, and Parmesan, three times over!""""Rush hour time! Now things are gonna get harder!""...Crap.""Burger, 3 patties, in this order!""Basically, a damn fun game. Fast paced, visually enjoyable, and the music for every part of the day is great, especially the rush hour. If you took a typing class in the past, you'll be glad you did while you're playing this game. Even if you can customize which ingredients are what when you're making a dish, some letters for ingredients are hard to get down at first, even if it's understandable that mushrooms (U) can't be the same letter as meats (M), but they'll come with practice.And the challenge modes.Hot damn. If you really wanna get into *into* this game, it's gonna take a whooooole lot of devotion.P.S., there's not actually talking other than the little murmurs customers make when they're served, it was just to convey the chaotic rush you'll get playing."
,Recommended,247020,17006075,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,aaron.,I feel like Guy Fieri but with less Guy and more Fieri.
,Recommended,247020,17019274,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,DianasauRAWR,"Challenging game, there's more than meets the surface.The game is full of achievements and challenges to achieve, it definitely keeps you working for it!I can't wait for the sequal of this game that they have announced, will definitely be purchasing it."
,Recommended,247020,17095742,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,bat,"Cook, Serve, Delicious! is a wonderful game that is both addictive and challenging. I love pressing the keys to put together the dishes and try to serve them on time. Lots of modes have been added to make the game that more challenging and does a fantastic job in adding depth to an already fantastic game. I like the humour via the emails you receive in-game and the artwork, music and gameplay are top notch. It's one of those games you can just drop in and out of if you have a spare 5 minutes or you can play for longer in an attempt to beat the challenges."
,Recommended,247020,17097589,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Coolaps8,"I bought this game in the huge steam sale for £3, and all I can say is money well spent. This game is highly addictive with its fast paced gameplay and its complexity. This complexity is caused by all the foods and the preperation of them. One thing that is strange to me is that it has a 30fps cap, this game should have no problem if it was at 60fps. This game can run on any computer on earth. Even though the game has loads of complexity including random chances of being robbed and doing maintenence jobs, there are some things that could be added. Like the option to change the prices of the foods which would impact the customers. Apart from all that the game is always a blast to play and is worth your money. I rate this game a 7.5/10."
,Recommended,247020,17310729,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,NemoKhan,"Fun, addictive, cheap and polished. No real complaints with this game. It's easy to hop in and out of, and there's enough variance with things like catering, iron cook challenges and bets that I don't ever get so bored I want to quit.It can be a bit stressful though. Still, it lives up to the hype, and would definitely be worth it on sale. Recommended!"
76561198065148319,Recommended,247020,17274149,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Butch DeLoria,This game makes virtual cooking fun.
,Recommended,247020,17102503,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Queen Sidney,"My only complaint about this game is that I cannot undo an action I have taken.  I just handed a middle aged man a basket full of raw chicken with a smile on my face and ""Come again!"" written in my eyes.  He was upset but it didn't prevent the woman behind him from asking for the exact same thing.10/10 good game."
,Recommended,247020,8235114,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,생선벼,"This is great for getting to know your keyboard and learning to type faster. It´s not what the game was based around, but damn do you get fast. If you always been a fan of those flashgames where you prepare food, this game is just for you."
76561198052869031,Recommended,247020,10235960,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,pookkah,This game is such fun! Very hectic; you need to plan what you are going to serve each day. I am enjoying it!
,Recommended,247020,10244900,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Assori,"a fun and quirky game for casual times.You probably wont play this full time while sat at your pc, but it's great for those times on a laptop while waiting. (IE. during travel)if you can pick this game up for anywhere around €10/15,- try it out. If you're like me and have an hour or 2/3 to spend a week doing nothing but just sitting, this is the game for you!"
76561198124284319,Recommended,247020,10245329,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,247person,"This is a great that can get very challenging at times. I love the graphics, and the sound. It requires quick-thinking and great reaction times, it might also improve your reaction times. This game is very adicting, and you will want to play it all the time. I've also found that this game does die out over time, or maybe that's just for me. It's a great game and if your thinking about getting it, do get it."
76561198072313288,Recommended,247020,10247483,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,nrpederson,"If you like games where you quickly have to click or type the correct keys to complete a task, you will like this game.  The premise is to improve your restaurant from 0 star to 5 star status.  To do this you buy different recipes/foods, upgrade them and purchase additional upgrades for your restaurant.Its a great game and worth the money although it is a bit of a grind after awhile.  there are some mini-games and additional challenges to break up the monotony of the day."
76561198077491398,Recommended,247020,10175172,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Discord,"a small, yet enjoyable game. this cooking sim puts you in the place of the owner of a crappy old resteraunt. luckly as you get more customers you can get special upgrades that basicly renovate your resteraunt, unlock new foods, or some special events. This game is absolutly full of charm, from the music, to the art-style, everything looks great. this game also does that thing that all animes do with food, as in  make it look f**king amazing! the few cons i have with this game is the progress, and the replay value, the game doesn't have many foods, and upgrading them usually doesn't change that much about it, so there is really no sense of progression, this, combiened with how long it takes to jump through enough hoops to make your resteraunt better, it really comes out at about even, over all this is a charming game that gets very reppetitive later on. 8/10."
,Recommended,247020,9904177,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,The British Monkey,This kinda made me hungry.Don't play on an empty stomach.
,Recommended,247020,9863206,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,TheMetalUnicorn,"So this game looked so casual to me at first. Then playing it...it kicked my butt and that was okay because I was having fun. I was surprised to learn that this had alot of challenge to it. When asked by another friend of mine to describe CSD all I could come up with is: Restaurant Sim/Fighting Game. Because of the combos, button mashing, quick pace; this was almost like Street Fighter meets Hells Kitchen. If you're looking for something to dive into, kill a couple minutes or hours even then Cook, Serve, Delicious is your game. I can't wait to see more from this developer."
,Recommended,247020,9935068,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Dubble,This is the most hectic cooking game on the planet!!!!!!!!!!1
76561198089821774,Recommended,247020,9781617,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Zan(essa),"This game is so much fun! I love all the choices you can make, too. I can play this game for hours straight and never get bored with it!Great game!"
,Recommended,247020,8991216,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Taco_Human,"Very good game. Mechanics are a bit confusing in the beginning, but after a few ingame days it just clicks. Throw in more orders and tons of different foods and recipes and you got yourself an addicting difficult game. Progress is slow but each achievement is more like an invdivual milestone. Definitely look into this if you're looking for something out of the ordinary."
76561198056440852,Recommended,247020,7388172,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,GamerDame,"This game is incredibly addicting & a heck of a lot of fun. It starts out relatively simple but as you increase you Star rating, you get more customers & more complicated dishes. It also has a bit of strategy to it."
76561198123164240,Recommended,247020,9000621,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,tverheyn,"Oh, wow! I cannot get enough of this game! I know that the further you go into the game, the more confusing it gets, but it doesn't really. You get used to the 8+ cooking stations, and you will eventually use ""muscle-memory"" to get through the days, it's fun!!"
,Recommended,247020,9580548,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Oykenshui,"I don't know why I bought this, or wtf I'm doing with my life playing it. But IT'S SO DAMN FUN! I HATED WORKING IN FAST FOOD IN REAL LIFE, BUT THIS.....THIS....is something else. Very addicting, it's just so hard to stop playing once you start. It's made me lose hours of sleep. I'd say check it out."
,Recommended,247020,8813449,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,󠀡󠀡BOOhemotty󠀡,"Intense multitasking action. Tap tap tap tap tap.This is probably the best game in my library, and I'll be really sad when there's nothing left to do but daily challenges.It gets intense in such a lovely way, and it's quite a funny feeling when your hands automagically produce complicated recipes, serving up dishes without having to avert your gaze from the keyboard.It's severely limited in that you can't choose the price of your meals, and it does get a little bit grindy, but I'll play it for an hour at a time and come back to it whenever I feel like it."
76561198117621316,Recommended,247020,9739401,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Toripocalypse,"I'm pretty sure I do keystrokes for this game in my sleep.  1000/10, I don't know why it's fun, but IT IS."
76561198114139311,Recommended,247020,9554801,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Loki,Gameplay only consists of quick-time events. Game itself has interesting aspects like health inspector visits and side bets on your performance. The gameplay overall is simplistic and receptive. Game is only good for a short time. I still recommend it.
,Recommended,247020,8054629,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Vixzen,"This game displays itself at first to be fairly simplistic however it demands focus, accuracy, speed, and good memory skills. This is WarioWare meets Typing of the Dead, and what a marvelous combination that is. Remember your foods, remember the key-bindings, and complete all of your meals quickly and accurately. Sounds easy? It isn't, particularly when you hit the two Rush Hours each day. You have to manage your menus, keep your meals fresh, as well as buying new foods and equipment to make your restaurant bigger and better bringing in a micro-management element also.Menu ManagementOver the course of the game, you earn more and more money to enable you to upgrade your menu to include bigger and better things. You can buy completely new meals, or you can upgrade meals that you currently own to improve the cost you can sell them for. More often than not, as you upgrade foods for better profits, the meals get harder and harder to actually cook. You can, as you progress through the game, purchase the ability to have a 'Daily Special' which people will order more of, but you need to ensure that the Daily Special is replaced each day or this can have a negative impact on your 'Buzz'.Buzz is affected by the food you have on your menu, and any foods that are not considered to be staple restaurant foods (such as salad, coffee, etc.) can cause Menu Rot to happen, leading to negative Buzz. Buzz will influence how many customers you get, how much they tip, so it is very important to get the right balance of food on your menu each day.EquipmentFood isn't the only thing that you can spend your money on. Throughout the game you can choose to upgrade, our purchase new equipment for your restaurant to improve productivity and/or profits. Choosing what you want to upgrade, be it your menu or equipment, can be a difficult task when you are first starting out. Upgraded equipment can lead to being able to serve more customers in a day, or reducing the length of time chores take, so they can be of great benefit to you.Rush HourTrying to keep on top of orders, cooking time, and preparation during the two Rush Hours within the day is very taxing, particularly as your restaurant goes from 1* to 5*. The more orders that are processed without error, you also get a 'Combo Bonus'. If you complete a day without messing up an order and get a Perfect Combo Bonus, you can get a cash bonus that can be used to further upgrade your equipment and/or menu.ChoresAs if menu management and Rush Hour isn't enough to contend with, throughout your working day you also need to deal with restaurant chores. These include such things as washing dishes, throwing out the trash, setting traps to keep rats away, and cleaning the restroom. If you miss any of your chores this ends any Combo Bonus that you may have at the time, so they are just as important to keep on top of as your food-demanding customers.Ways To Make MoneyThere are other ways of making money for yourself as well as completing each day at the restaurant serving customers such as accepting bets on how high you can get your Combo Bonus, or by completing catering events that unlock as you progress throughout the game. All of these bets/challenges rely on your experience gained from playing the game - know your foods, know your key-bindings, and be able to type correctly under pressure!If you buy this game through Steam, there are also Steam Challenges that give you a one-off cash bonus for completing them, and also gives you the opportunity to get your name on a leaderboard if you're good at keeping your Combo Bonus high with set foods on the menu.Restaurant UpgradesTo upgrade your restaurant from 1* to 5* you need to meet a set amount of criteria to do so - a few examples of this are as follows:* Complete 20 days working in the restaurant.* Complete 3 safety inspections.* Upgrade x number of your foods.* Complete x number of catering events.etc. These specifications ultimately mean that you have to be a jack-of-all-trades within the catering industry!The safety inspections can be particularly stressful to overcome as you have to fulfil your chores quickly, as well as keeping customers happy with no 'bad' orders while the inspector is in your restaurant watching you cook. After playing the game for a while, the inspectors aren't quite as worrying as they once where, as the orders are so fast and frantic at coming in I barely notice now when the inspector is at the restaurant, I'm just furiously mashing my keyboard in an attempt not to mess up my Combo Bonus!VerdictI adore this game, and I would recommend it to anyone that feels they know their way around a keyboard pretty well, as it's still surprising how much of a challenge it is to hit the right keys under pressure! I'm now 11+ hours played, and am only half way through upgrading my 3* restaurant to a 4* restaurant, so very good value for money (£6.99 on Steam) if you're willing to invest the time and effort. Lots of micro-management involvement with the menu/equipment upgrades as well as the actual restaurant cooking/maintenance. Very enjoyable - buy it!"
,Recommended,247020,22699798,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,ninjapandaowl,"Super fun especially co-op with friends! However, it can also get quite hectic, stressful and frustrating as you proceed with the game. Depends on your personality, I guess! It's good if you like games that challenge your organizational and time management skills and strategy."
76561198120193600,Recommended,247020,22614950,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Francis Pritchard,"This game was exactly what you expected it to be. Nothing more, nothing less. 10/10. Meets all my expectations in a casual game. Did not hesitate when I bought it, and never regreted that decision."
76561198200728293,Recommended,247020,22732058,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,scheherezhad,"A simple but challenging game with great art. It is best played in short-ish sessions, I think, so it makes a nice distraction when I have a half-hour entertainment dead zone between tv shows, or if I'm only going to be on the computer for a little while and need something fun to do before I need to leave or start another task. Definitely looking forward to the sequel!"
,Recommended,247020,22719961,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Dig Bick,I recomend use a mechanical keyboard to play this game.
76561198104190331,Recommended,247020,11144430,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Windows 95,"This game is fun, fast paced and a good time waster, the download is fast and it doesn't take up much space on your PC! So remember, just because it's small doesn't mean it's bad."
,Recommended,247020,20897688,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Wolf Fivousix,"Score: 9/10The main mechanic is very simple, there are a plethora of foods that you can serve, each have their own recipes. In order to correctly serve a meal you have to hit the buttons in the correct order, always at client request. Overall the game is simple, but enjoyable. It is nice to play something that does not involve violence of some sort. An extra point for having controller support, a local-coop and online multiplayer modes, so you can play with your friends!"
,Recommended,247020,21084962,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Milkman Nick,"Whenever I play this game, I just imagine Nicki Minaj saying ""♥♥♥♥♥, served delicious"" from her Flawless remix rap.11/10 would serve puss again"
,Recommended,247020,20919957,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Tobias Bot,Addictive and fun. Quick way to kill time if you're bored.
76561198064443202,Recommended,247020,20920053,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,camillea,Having worked in a takeaway shop I wasn't sure if I'd like this game. I do! It is very testing though and not easy. It is also a little crazy.
76561198065068952,Recommended,247020,30693343,Posted: 23 March,all,Silver Rain,AnnoyingSpamEmails/10
76561198260320264,Recommended,247020,20938495,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Always_Amethyst,this game causes endless frustration yet is still enjoyable. Highly suggest.
,Recommended,247020,20952987,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,thegiantwalrus,This is a simple game that is very fun and it's just a amazing if you like food. If you like useing your keybored this is a good way to do that aswell as getting a fun time. Is it worth the price? I'd say yes if your like me and you like putting a long time into a game this is worth the money and I'm hungry to play some more. Thanks for reading
,Recommended,247020,21009104,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,"Altair, Master of the Universe",Buy this game right now because it is amazing
76561198104936891,Recommended,247020,20983713,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Controlla,This game is so addictive!!!
76561198053343624,Recommended,247020,21168933,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Amay408,"SUMMARY:Cook, Serve, Delicious! is a new style of cooking management game. It follows the typical format for restaurant games of upgrading equipment and buying new menu items, and customers ordering, you preparing the food while they impatiently wait, and serving them for a rating. But CSD takes it to the next level – it is a well-designed simulator that may seem like a casual game on first glance, but it is fast paced and requires precision to be successful.CSD allows you the option of playing with a keyboard, a controller, or a mouse, but the game seems to be designed more with a keyboard usage in mind. The food items come with preset combinations of hotkeys to press, so it’s much quicker and easier to remember the combinations in order. The keyboard controls help make this game more immersive.POSITIVES:-High replayability value.-Nice graphics. Clear, bright, and gorgeously made.-Fast pace and stress level makes me feel like I’m really back working in a restaurant.-Mini games make CSD more interesting, such as Iron Chef challenges in Career Mode and a betting system.-Hilarious in-game e-mails.-Streamlined and easy to use UI.-Player can switch out the menu items from day to day, making it a bit more challenging and interesting.-With the “Battle Kitchen” expansion, there are five different challenge modes to further test your skills separate from the campaign mode, including an endurance mode and a weekly challenge with leaderboards.NEGATIVES:-There is no option to scrap the dish or start over if you make a mistake, so accuracy and precision matter.-Gets repetitive very quickly. It’s best to play this game in short spurts rather than long binge sessions.-Little restaurant customization.-High frequency of cleaning tasks (flushing the toilet, setting rat traps, etc.) in addition to cooking. These are pretty time consuming, but can be reduced later with upgrades.9/10. Challenging, fun, and addictive."
,Recommended,247020,21167852,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Spanners,"There are two classes of game that you should not play first thing before attempting to go to sleep.  The first class of game is the horror / thriller genre where you are unarmed and being hunted by a genetically engineered killing machine.  The second class is a frantic restaurant simulator where you have to construct meals in parallel by mashing keys with presicion timing.Highly recommended, but not just before bed..."
76561198001444152,Recommended,247020,21150503,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Vlad,"Lots of replay value and great fun, especially if you're casual scum like me."
76561197962196212,Recommended,247020,21182809,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Menos,Nice memes
,Recommended,247020,21130462,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Jadriam,"pscrpscrpscrBetter than it looks, really! It does get pretty tricky as you unlock more recipes [and kebabs are outright evil.]"
76561198005090814,Recommended,247020,9076343,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Ice,"♥♥♥♥♥s fun yo.You get in flow serving all da customers and you get dat mad dollar and become all fancy and♥♥♥♥♥♥Can't even think of anything whack bout this game, it does what it does well."
76561198113240705,Recommended,247020,9093321,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,asdf3690,Amazing so much fun would recommend :D
,Recommended,247020,8707304,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Cameron,soo easy to get hooked very good for a ALPHA
,Recommended,247020,8710061,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Marc;,A very fun game! Gives you that type of rush that you want on prep games like this. absolutely worth it's target price.
76561198049105783,Recommended,247020,8711786,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Stormdude21,"While it may not look like much, this game is insanely addictive as well as challenging in some places. If you like resturaunt games, you'll love this one."
,Recommended,247020,8714942,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Haru-kun,"Such a simple game, but horribly addicting.  Might have to do with the fact that I'm a chef by profession, but it's just ridiculously addicting @_@"
,Recommended,247020,8770475,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Meowitzer,A really fun game. It's a bit challenging at first but then that becomes part of the fun as you get better and you can buy more food items and have an upgraded restaurant. Hoping for some DLC in the future! Oh... and just as a warning the game is horribly addicting!
,Recommended,247020,8775172,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,francais,.
,Recommended,247020,8793751,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Dr. Eskimo M.D,im inpressed simple but lots and lots of fun
,Recommended,247020,8794306,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,John Kimble,"Addicting game.  Very straight forward but the difficutly will scale once you buy more ingredients and the AI gets increasing tough.  Once you play, you will feel hungry for more."
76561198048465363,Recommended,247020,8799219,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,C17H21NO4,So Friken InsaneRecamendation: DO NOT GET THE BAKED POTATO FOR THE LOVE OF GOD
,Recommended,247020,8887962,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,j3w3l,"Buy for no better reason then it seems to hypnotize you once you start playing. You get into that rythmic trance wherein the gameplay has you clicking and moving to a certain pace. Faster and faster at times and then periods of low.You also just need to do that next game to better than the day before, to try for bigger combos and also to constantly upgrade your restaurant. There are so many constant goals to be working towards in the short and long term that you're always fixed on the prize ahead. That magnificent shiny.It is a very familiar game with influences from a lot of the management genre like Diner Dash and such, even those city based games and technically they would only be above the regular facebook game rabble... you know.. being as you're not sacrificing your friends sanity for the sake of some limited resource. I like it though and that makes me feel dirty."
,Recommended,247020,8888130,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Flashback007,"This game isn't what it looks at that is postive. If you think this is just a simple push the button-system think again, cause you will have a lot more fun with it then just simple pushing some buttons. It's a fun addictive cooking/restaurant-sim. You manage your menu and your restaurant while juggling all the guests that visit you with their wishes.You begin simple and small with a few guests and few recipes. There you can learn everything the game has to offer. Small building up everything. Also you have to switch out the different recipes and that way the game always offers his varriation. It can be enormously frantic though. And that can be a big con for a lot of people. So before buying this, you should keep that in mind."
,Recommended,247020,8942721,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Aussie Ben,"Adrenaline inducing, thrilling and stressful (but in an enjoyable way!), Cook, Serve, Delicious! accurately replicates the high octane rush of working in a restaurant. This isn't your mum's time management sim! CSD demands lighting-fast reflexes as you juggle cooking, cleaning, sanitation and drawing robber mugshots after they rob you - ALL AT THE SAME TIME.A must for any fan of fast-paced action games."
,Recommended,247020,9067247,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Fishy9890,This game is fun and well worth the money. I would say for the price you should get it and really you will never get bored of it just have to be fast about serving customers.
,Recommended,247020,7378723,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Smokingun,"Extremely addicting, Alot better than any other restaurant sim! Great Buy if your bored."
76561198062488916,Recommended,247020,9072537,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Hoogabomb,Very good. Takes some getting used to but still fun.
76561198044982507,Recommended,247020,9072592,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Velv,"Simplistic, but fun restaraunt management game. Plays like Cooking Mama with the fast and hectic pace of WarioWare. Definitely worth a go if you're looking for something different but still satisfying to play."
,Recommended,247020,9108066,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,(´･ω･`),Most stressful game I have ever played in my life. 10/10 would not reccomend.
76561198079589846,Recommended,247020,9123120,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Walkitch,Highly addictive. The game isn't as easy as you would think it would be at the beginning but your fingers quickly adapt. Has high levels of re-playability and is quite humorous. The challenges were the right level of difficulty to make to keep playing. Once you finish all of the challenges/achievments it's still fun to pass the time. You can combine foods on your menu to give yourself a challenge or you can pick the easiest ones just to pass the time. Overall great game.
,Recommended,247020,7382589,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Red Zone Rogue,"This game is a lot of fun, mildly addicting and surprisingly challenging."
,Recommended,247020,8579569,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,baby sloth,Thanks to this game I opened a successful restaurant.
,Recommended,247020,9417959,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Mit Garrigus,"It's a nice game, but requires LOTS of grinding."
,Recommended,247020,9836254,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,A Realm Away,Amazing and fun game. 10/10 Easy buy if your into keyboard spaming games
76561198072823796,Recommended,247020,9883354,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Spetznaz,"Looks simple, but it's real real good. Precision and reflexes are really important, which puts this game in the same category as Guitar Hero or fighting games. Kinda hard to explain it, but for 7$, you might as well just try it for yourself."
,Recommended,247020,9884180,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Morisato,Quite the fun Button masher!
,Recommended,247020,9884853,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,nothing will be forgotten,a game for keyboard fighter
76561198125831525,Recommended,247020,10030374,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,monwoo10,"very fun game, but i will warn you it takes a while to get used to. but once you get a hang of it then you'll have a very fun time playing! i could not put this game down! ( if your good with a controller i suggest plugging in your 360 or ps3 controller to play for all you non-key board savey people like me)"
,Recommended,247020,13127140,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Nanna,"This game is so much more fun than it has any right to be. I can't believe how much content and variety is in this game. Great art, controls, sound, little tidbits of humour and jokes. Really well made and a really good time.Unexpectedly brilliant. Buy it on sale and be caught off guard by this oddball masterpiece."
,Recommended,247020,13466869,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,DarkMyth,A simple but fun game it can get stressful but it's very addictive and fun.
,Recommended,247020,13473956,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,SpaceTurtle,"Don't be fooled by the tag ""Casual"". This game can get really challenging, and incredibly fun. Worth every penny."
,Recommended,247020,13527056,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Captain Over,come to my VEGAN restaurant were I serve you your meat plain wrong. Also the beer is bad as ♥♥♥♥!coke...my coke is great! and we have the best soup!(only if you order without chikken you whimp!)10/10GO VEGAN
,Recommended,247020,13512515,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,BHCMember,"One of the most compelling games I've played in a long while - the varied and challeging recipes, pleasing aesthetic and catchy music make you want to keep cooking, even if career mode can feel like a grind. It also has one of the best learning curves in a game; while you start tentatively sending out pretzels and corndogs, by the later stages of career mode, you'll be juggling 8 complex orders at once with no problem.Can't recommend it enough."
76561197970432545,Recommended,247020,17213983,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Jack_Staynes,"Awesome game, once I started I was playing it for hours. I'm not done with it yet though, still plenty more challanges and achievements for me to gather, and with Cook, Serve, Delicious 2 on the horizon I had better not take too long about it."
,Recommended,247020,17149954,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,zemiq1982,"This game is very addictive! You have to think quickly, know your keys, and get some muscle memory rapidly in order to handle some of the more complex orders. It's okay at first to need to read the orders and the ingredients and push each key in the very beginning, but if you want to turn a profit and juggle all your customers, you can't do it for long.""P for pasta, S for sauce, C for cheese, R for parmasean, oh I have to do that 2 more times? P...S...C...R... oh did I do that once or twice already?"" quickly becomes ""pscrpscrpscr."" Jumbo tea with ice and flavor blast becomes Up Up Up Right I F Down Enter.Does that sound appealing to you? Ever tried Cooking Mama? Add in some good ol' typing games. Maybe also add a dash of rhythm games like Parappa the Rapper (for the muscle memory element). Read all the much better written good reviews and then buy this game! It's worth the $10 bucks!"
,Recommended,247020,17226842,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Codelizard,"Akin to ""Restaraunt simulator meets Warioware"" and ""Ordinary Swedish Meal Time: The Game"". Incredibly fast-paced but also quite forgiving; I'm not actually sure it's even possible to lose. Lots of different foods, mostly with their own way of being prepared, but you don't have to memorize -too- much (although it can help). You can practice foods before trying them during a workday to make sure you know what you're doing, and it has various side-games to add some variety. And if you think it's too easy, there's always Extreme Mode. I highly recommend it, even at the full $10 price."
76561197975701295,Recommended,247020,17231020,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,rickscarf,Great game
76561198087291707,Recommended,247020,16771852,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,WEAVILE,If you want to find out where the keys are on your keyboard then this is the gaming for you. Also this game has an awesome soundtrack. It helps keep the blood flowing.
,Recommended,247020,16775444,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,kurath,"Fun and lighthearted. For those who look fondly back on the earlier days of PC gaming where typing games were the prime of gaming, this will give a somewhat nostalgic feel of simplicity. Simple though the concepts may be, though, the infinite depth of potential improvement of typing games means there's always more to be achieved.As an important added bonus, it turns out if you hone your typing skills enough to impress your coworkers they'll believe you're an efficient worker when you're actually serving up digital potatoes."
,Recommended,247020,16777981,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,gorrjess,This game stresses me out so much but I still go back for more.
,Recommended,247020,16783115,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,♥ cbd,The best dating simulator ever
,Recommended,247020,16971828,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Carabiner,Beautifully challenging and an intense cooking game...
,Recommended,247020,16974590,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Roger Rabbit,"Best purchase OF MY LIFE!! Bought it during the Summer Sale for $0.99, and, to be honest, didn't think it would be that good. I. WAS. WRONG. It has specific elements that just... grab you. The way in which you complete and progress through the game and its storyline is smooth and flawless. All the different extras (other than cooking delicious food) such as the mail client (you get hilarious random emails sometimes), Extra Events, Battle Kitchen, and a wide variety of foods of different complexities to suit anyone's playing style. Plus, for the hardcore CSD-ers(?), the Extreme Mode makes it ridiculously hard for even the most experienced players. Definitely a game to add to your library, at any price. Would highly recommend.Key bindings for purchase: (C) Buy (S) It (D) Now."
76561198041002398,Recommended,247020,17444364,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Mr.Alden,Best $1 game I've played.
76561197981846562,Recommended,247020,17321459,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,BLAM-O!,Wonderful to play solo or co-op. This game actually got me thinking about trying some of these recipes at home (obviously more complex than the game). Deceptively fun.
,Recommended,247020,7393919,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Venom,"Ah, the almighty Cook, Serve, Delicious.It has been a while since I've experienced an ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic sensation over a game, and that's exactly what I got when playing Cook, Serve, Delicious.A wave of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic energy flew through my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ up to my mouth, whilst serving a bowl of Nachos.On a scale of 0 - 10, I give this game 9.999999999999995e+79.Don't get it if you feel you're not man enough to deal with rush hour - some tough♥♥♥♥♥♥there."
76561198063426606,Recommended,247020,17366641,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Morticuna,"Fun and, initially, simple cooking simulator with some clever features. You can use either your mouse or the keypad to prepare the meals for your customers. However I doubt you can run the restaurant successfully if you only use the mouse throughout the entire game. Still good when you're first starting out though.You can upgrade your food making the recipes, in some cases, more advanced and raising the prices for them.There's boosts, negative and positive, tied to the food and different challenges outside the restaurant. You can sign up for a matchmaking sevice, have celebrities come by, health and safety representative and people might take instagram like pictures of your food, giving you more ""buzz"" if you give it a ""thumbs up"".If you can get it when it's on sale I say go get it. Personally I got it during steam summer sale, it was a little less than £1 and well worth it."
76561198087263641,Recommended,247020,18004093,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Fr4ki,"this game is highly addicting and worth every penny spent on .You basically do every small details about running your restaurant , cleaning , empty trash and cooking .its very challenging and gets you going everytime not to mention the change on menu and details/upgrades !!very well made game"
76561198058165167,Recommended,247020,18007694,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Funk,Most addictive game I've played in awhile.  I highly reccomend it
,Recommended,247020,17894165,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Spooky Neko,I love Cook Serve Delicious! It provides so many challenges and is hella entertaining. My favourite feature of the game has got to be the hilarious emails you get after you completed a days work xDAn example:http://prntscr.com/8cvndvPriceless. I play this single player and it is so good for when you're bored. Plus theres a bet system to motivate you to get near perfect or perfect days.
76561198248596630,Recommended,247020,17935340,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Njung,"Just imagine this relaxing music in the background and then... BAAMMM upbeat music that sends you straight into panic mode because its rush hour and everyone and their grandma is asking for everything on the menu, and even including things that arent on the menu like; FLUSHING TOLIETS, CLEANING DISHES, SETTING RAT TRAPS, AND THROWING TRASH AWAY. BUT you can only do one thing at a time so your trying to pop the cork of a bottle of wine and here comes the rush hour and everyone wants a basket of fried chicken at the same time and their patience is fading and your sanity is going with it. Then the rush is gone and it is back to the regular relaxing music and your heart rate has went back to its normal pace. If your looking for a great cooking game this is the one! It feels as though you are actually running a resteraunt because you have to do everything for the place. This is the best cooking game ive played yet.10/10Such a great game"
76561198104369232,Recommended,247020,17944076,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,triplecircle96,"Starts out simple enough, but it picks up pace and variety making it an exciting experience. It's great in short and long sessions making it incredibly satisfying.Extra bonus is that you learn how to touch-type!"
,Recommended,247020,17905670,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,RunsWithKniefs,"Stress Management... the game...You set your menu, which means you set what actions there are in that session, but some food items are harder than others, some you can do in .5 seconds but take percission, others you can do without thinking but take time.Choose your poiso- I mean entree!"
,Recommended,247020,17931309,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Edge,"Cook, Serve, Panic. But it's a really fun and addicting game. The 100+ diffirent recipies makes the challange even BIGGER cuz then you have to look at the recipie before making the food."
,Recommended,247020,17966128,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Dayan,good
,Recommended,247020,17959604,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Frentan,Damned awesome. JUST BUY IT.
76561198008019408,Recommended,247020,17955622,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,dutko,an amazing way to get hungry.
76561198059831913,Recommended,247020,17953024,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,amazonstorm,Cook. Serve. Panic. Flush. Take Out Trash. Trap Rats. Live to play another day.  That is this game in a nutshell and its highly addictive.
,Recommended,247020,17954073,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,MadderPacker,>make perfect soup du joir>make 3 perfect sushi orders in a row>AAAAAA S for chicken breasts>put ice on a no ice drink order>restart for perfect day11/10 would put more ice again
76561197972096646,Recommended,247020,18058345,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Shinigami,"Fast-paced, fun and challenging cooking game!"
,Recommended,247020,18003057,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Nanorox,Great game. Please to the eye and quite fast paced. Dare you not to get addicted. ;)
76561197993676450,Recommended,247020,18096299,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Caelixx,"Amazing game, both challenging and relaxing."
,Recommended,247020,16867257,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Al_Da_Best,Probably the greatest kitchen game of literally all time ever
,Recommended,247020,16880270,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Luna,"a fun time managment game with realistic goals.  It could be more in depth, but for the price, it's perfect for what it is. I will definilty be bying the sequal next year."
,Recommended,247020,17463246,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Tablis,"The best time-management game I've played in a long, looong time. A bit disappointing it doesn't have upkeep costs such as rent and ingredient refills but it has enough depth anyway. There's plenty of foods and upgrades to keep you occupied as you master new combinations and increase the challenge at your own pace.Also here's a major protip: when making a dish that has two pages of ingredients (such as soup or pizza), if you remember the key shortcuts you don't have to flip the page to access the other ingredients! So you can gather all necessary ingredients from the first page even though they're not listed on-screen... This makes a huge difference; pity I only found about it when I was about to get my third star."
,Recommended,247020,17417872,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Karson0825,great game
,Recommended,247020,17422030,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Cheese Forgive Me!!,P-S-M-C-R P-S-V-C-R P-C-NOOOOO10/10
76561198165884917,Recommended,247020,17526788,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Mokofin,"This game will make you crave delicious meat lasagna, or, as I like to call them now, PSMCRPSMCRPSCR.It's quite challenging but not crazy hard (except for the extreme difficulty mode, that is), and the variety of dishes makes it not too repetitive. If you want to try out your reflexes or feel a little rush hour panic, the game is made for you.10/10 (except for soup. f*ck soup in this game)."
76561198114982013,Recommended,247020,17379228,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,☆DoRiツ☆,I am suprised on how addictive and fun this game can be.
76561198124977898,Recommended,247020,17384140,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Casablancas,"Cook, Serve, Delicious is a very simple, but fun game.I won't go into the game mechanics, since there's other reviews that probably do it much better than i would've done it.There's really not much to complain about for me personally, any very positive review about the game I'd probably agree with.Something I like to point out about this game is how lovely made everything is.The sound effects as you select the ingredients, the customers and their reaction on how well you execute their orders, the music, the emails you get and the overall design. I appreciate the attention to detail.This game offers some basic building and managing-, aswell as simple gameplay mechanics.If you want to take it easy you can choose to only put foods and drinks on your menu that are easy to do, but if you want to achieve maximum profit or challenge yourself there's complex dishes that test your abilities - especially in rush hours.Then there's also all sorts of challenges where you can try to set a highscore.For casual gamers and hardcore highscore hunters alike - I fullheartedly recommend buying this game."
,Recommended,247020,17385357,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,ItsLindaW,This game is fun to play. I become hungry just by seeing the menu. Sometimes it gets boring because of the same routine but then you will have all those different challenges/events waiting for you making the game more fun!
,Recommended,247020,17568799,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,CrashGO,Who knew cooking with a keyboard is so intense !
76561198027430395,Recommended,247020,17574541,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Mr Snugglepants,"Of all the flashgames and other cooking sims i like this one the best. Why you might ask yourself as you look over the storepage and contemplate the existance of the money in your wallet and how you can lighten the burden of that heavy leather pouch.Cause it is intense as all he....heck. You see those TV shows and all that other good stuff about how it is working in a kitchen. Seems like it's going 110 Km/h all the time right? This game is like that. You see every dish is a bit different. I'll use the soup as an example. Lets say the customer comes up and orders the soup. Well you have the boulioun cubes on U the bowtie pasta on W and the veggies like Celery (Y), Carrots (A) and Tomatoes (T) but they need to be chopped up first so for every veggie you need to press the down arrowkey three times. Keep in mind that you need to do it as fast as possible as well so if this process takes 10 seconds you're doing bad, a missclick so you add the pasta where there should be none. BAD. Take to long. The other customers will get impacient real quick and LEAVE. See how that does for your reputation.This and the fact that the toilets needs to be flushed since some uncaring soul left a suprise to bring new exotic aroma for your establishment. The trash needs to get thrown out, the dishes need to get done and theres those annoying rodents that needs a good snappin.ALL THIS NEEDS TO GET DONE AS WELL AS THE FOOD.It's stressful but suprisingly fun. It's one of those fun games that manages to tire your brain out. Take brakes and keep playing.A worthwhile buy."
,Recommended,247020,17625175,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Alicius,"Very simple idea, but the speed of which the game plays can keep you on your toes and playing for hours. I very much enjoy testing my ability to micro each order as to not have it throw my restraunt into chaos. ^-^ it's a great game."
,Recommended,247020,17636069,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,xXwehrabooXx,"""Help me please""-muttered as I faced my first insane rush hour"
,Recommended,247020,17603158,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,四百二十 nakiri katnip ♡,"This game is ridiculous and a lot of fun, but it's a lot of button combo pressing and gets a bit repetitive after a while when you're in Career Mode earning stars. I like doing the weekly challenges."
76561198046026448,Recommended,247020,17562857,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Alco 대마왕,amazing
76561198081322398,Recommended,247020,17514515,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,RickL,"There's just so many things this game does right. If you strip it of its theme, at the core this game is about juggling a series of mini-games and finding ways to optimize how you handle them. Don't like a particular food item's mini-game? Don't include it in your menu. You have complete control over what the game will be throwing at you. Daily challenges keep the gameplay fresh. I keep coming back to this one. I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,247020,17586338,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Mochi,Play it with a Cherry-Blue keyboard  and enjoy annoying everyone within a 5 ft radius.Making lasagna is stressful.Making a salad is even more stressful.Cutting and seasoning fish in this game makes me feel like a keyboard ninja.
,Recommended,247020,17589859,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Eternal Guppy,"Probably one of my top favorite games ever. People give me weird looks when I tell them I play this game almost every day, only because I work a full time job and I come home to start my virtual job as a chef. Regardless, though, this game is really fun and addicting."
76561198004145760,Recommended,247020,17591625,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Avenger8,Yeah this game is fun. I spent way too much time trying to get perfect days. Definitely a time suck.
76561198066193286,Recommended,247020,17909122,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,KickassKT,"Such a great cooking game, super fast, lots of different recipes that get more complex and extra challenge options. If you like quick crazy button pushing games this is awesome. Just make sure not to put the soup and wine together in hard mode."
,Recommended,247020,17895583,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,anti_fun,"Stupid name, amusing casual game. The X360 analog stick controls are a little wonky, but still more fun than keyboard."
,Recommended,247020,17835787,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,thethekingofcats,"Addictive, fun & has loads of replay-ability.This is the kind of game that the more you feel like putting into it, the more fun you can get out of it. If you just like the gimmick of cooking quickly, then you can dip in and out of the game whenever you feel like like it, and slowly complete the career mode that way.The game gets really good when you look at the steam achievements and begin pushing yourself to get enough plates of each category of food, try the in-game dating game (woo you love interests with great food), and push yourself out of your comfort zone by upgrading your foods until they are crazy-difficult to assemble under pressure.I've put in over 60hours of play, and I'm still only on the first play through, with the extra difficulty available to me when I want to start again.Amusingly, this game isn't for everyone. I have some friends who are awesome gamers, but just can't get themselves around the gameplay style, the speed and the need to multitask and keep of your meals in mind. So, it's very satisfying when /you're/ good at it.It's definitely worth the £7 - and if it goes on sale - I recommend you snap it up.Top hint, get good at the game now in time for when the second one comes out (;"
,Recommended,247020,17625491,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,"forget funwaa, have gumwaa",People are paying $10 for a small cup of water with ice. Great game.
76561198007367308,Recommended,247020,17988635,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,{FOX} Rusty,"This game is how I exorcise my inner 'Gordon Ramsey' demons. It is a lot of fun trying to keep up with the customers' orders in this game, and I certainly picture myself inside of Hell's Kitchen while playing.This is a fun, casual game that has no pay wall, and a purpose or themes that clearly seperate it from a dearth of 'tap-tap' and clicker games that waste your time while smashing you into a gem/gold/ticket shop in order to progress in the game.The game itself can be challenging or fun, depending on the kind of progress you'd like to make in advancing your restaurant. Some dishes are straightforward to make, while some are an absolutely devilish challenge. I recommend you review and practice new recipies and consider making changes to the keys for certain ingredients to be things you can easily remember. This way, you can offer an impressive menu in your restaurant while at the same time not break your fingers on your keyboard."
76561198077808567,Recommended,247020,8182998,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Prodigy 427,"I absolutely loved this game. It has just the right amount of strategy, but not enough to be considered stressful. I bought it literally seconds after it was released on Steam, and I haven't regretted it since. It's hilarious, challenging, and very fun. Definitely would reccommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,247020,8511419,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,SePPiE,"A nice decent restaurant sim game, more focused on the kitchen part instead of serving tables like many other games out there.It starts out as a time waster but it makes you go that extra day every time. The difficulty ramps up nicely but the prices for the dishes go up quite fast and thre is some grinding involved because of that.Allthough it doesn't bother me much, it can put some people off.The stress that the game gives during rush hours in the later difficulties is really fun and self-rewarding when you manage to get through it and make a ""perfect day"".Fun game, bought it at sale but I think it's worth the full price as well.This will be a game I will be coming back to every so often."
,Recommended,247020,8528070,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Omaha,"Great game.  The actual game side of it is very fun and addicting, and gets far more challenging the further you get (as you get new food upgrades it adds new steps to preparation and such).  I still haven't even gotten 1 star yet, you need 20 days of service for that and I'm at about 15, but I feel like I've played it long enough to form an opinion.  It may get wildly different from here on out, but I feel like I've already gotten my money's worth.Also, ♥♥♥♥, Ryan Davis.  :(  Very touching tribute achievement to one of the greatest men in the industry."
,Recommended,247020,8523802,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Dorvid,If cooking Mama had a real job and was serving hundreds of people a day.
,Recommended,247020,8524208,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Leandro Grijio,Haven't had this much fun with a casual game in while. The big suprise of this winter sale is this addictive restaurant simulator.
,Recommended,247020,8515205,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Econael,"Addicting mix of managing game and rhythm/combo game. The managing parts seem trivial at first, but putting together the right menu for the day gets an increasingly difficult strategic decision. The game can get very exhausting if the menu isn't done properly.Playing it on a keyboard is strongly recommended.You can listen to podcasts while you play (rhythm tasks should get automated pretty fast).Only downside is that one of the requirements to getting a ""Star"" on your restaurant (i.e. progressing) is a certain amount of days in service which is pretty high, at the beginning at least.Oh and that the music/sounds have no sliders, you can only toggle them -.-"
,Recommended,247020,8516397,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Invader Skoodge,Addicting. It's like a frantic rhythm game when you get into it.
76561198116217360,Recommended,247020,8516945,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,valmart,"Great, fast-paced game! Easily the best restaurant sim I've played in a long time."
,Recommended,247020,8518638,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,realpikkio,"I am a real chef and I found this game challenging and kinda interesting, but it's actually the same kind of game as the flash games of the Papa series, you just have all the food options togheter to be bought and used. you have to unlock different foods, and levelup to have more menu options or unlock more equipment. In the description it seems like you'll be free to set up your own style of restaurant, deciding what to sell. So I thought will be interesting to use my experience on organizing a kitchen menu and see if the game was responding well, rewarding my strategies. but that's not how the game works. You are actually forced to change most of the items every 2 days, so your menu won't be very personal or strategic. you're not able to change the price (it changes automatically with upgrades of food), which is the most important strategy when you run a restaurant (stupid example: deciding to make easy food with a cheap price to attract people, and then selling drinks very expensive).the other problem is that the restaurant improvements will have to be unlocked by your levelling up, so again, you won't be able to choose a strategy, you'll just be guided through the upgrades in the way they wanted to.you have to be super focused to play, and the dishes have a mental amount of toppings and different recipes (I had to cut off the soft drinks, as there are 5 different taps and 3 different sizes plus ice option, and when it's busy you go crazy reading the checks and serving the correct thing), so you'll go crazy during the busy hours. so yes, the game is challeging and addicting, but be aware that it's not what it seems from the description, and in the strategic side you won't basically have anything to do to make the difference.."
,Recommended,247020,8634243,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Nnesk,I enjoy this game a lot more than I imagined I would.
76561197985641527,Recommended,247020,8682887,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,BenjiMac,"A LOT of game for a very reasonable price.It knows what it wants to be, focuses on it and does it very well without becoming dull or overly repetetive. Interesting mechanics keep things fresh."
,Recommended,247020,8641068,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,msgbites,"I actually got this game while it was on sale. I love cooking games, so I thought 'Why not?' The game's pretty fun, but fast-paced. The cooking part is simple; just press the letters that correspond to a certain ingredient. You have chores to do too, such as taking out the garbage and washing dishes. I dread rush hour times because you have to serve multiple customers and do chores as well. It's a bit slow to earn money in the beginning, so spend your starting allowance wisely. There are other ways to earn money such as accepting bets, doing challenges, etc. What's great is that you can actually try out dishes before purchasing them. There's more to this game, but you have to try it out for yourself."
76561198056716872,Recommended,247020,8648127,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,5centbutt,"A fast paced, exciting, highly addicting, cooking game that is both suspensful and relaxing."
,Recommended,247020,8657452,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Mean Meme Cream Machine,"You thought this was a Cooking Mama ripoff? WRONG. If anything, compare it to those Flipline Studio flash games where you cook stuff, but beefed up to be worth 10 dollars. Actually, no no, it's MOTHERDUCKING KEYBOARD DANCE-DANCE-REVOLUTION. In short: Frantic, fun, and even physically testing. 10/10 would cook again."
,Recommended,247020,8663513,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,PetriZide,"Would you like to work long hours of grueling manual labour in the restaurant industry with no pay?""Yes ofcourse!"" you say. Then Cook, Serve, Delicious is the game for you.Experience the wonder of carpal tunnel as you struggle to open bottles of wine,wash dishes, and throw out the trash.Feel the rage of having your customer walk off disgruntled because you seasoned his steak 2 times instead of 3.Upgrade your restaurant with more complex foods and desserts to push you way beyond what you are capable of.I rate this game 37 out of 42 baked potatoes."
,Recommended,247020,8624888,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,miloxbrennan,best game ever
,Recommended,247020,16730105,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,blyatman,the best kinda button-mashing
,Recommended,247020,16665382,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Azirahc,A lot more fun than any other cooking game. Aim for co-op.
76561198028170280,Recommended,247020,16665983,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Kaowas,"Cook, Serve, Delicious!may be misconstrued asjusta restaurant simulator. I'm not saying it isn't also that -- mainly it is that -- but when you dig into the meaty goodness that isCook, Serve, Delicious!you will find a game bristling with mini games, management options, and more content than you can scrape off the industrial cooking hood. Like grease. But it's not gre- this analogy ran away with me...Just like how this game ran away with my heart!Breaking it down this game contains elements of a lot of the games I absolutely love likeRoller Coaster Tycoon(management sim) orWario Ware(rapid mini games) and then maybe a little bit ofPapers, Please(mundanity as a game). However, as somebody who has played a lot of Street Fighter and other such fighting games, I've quickly come to realize that this game has something else, and that is fighting game appeal. Sort of. The only games I get this zoned in on when things get hairy are fighting games, and where each mini game is a series of button combos and directional inputs, it is very hard for me to see the difference.Well, okay, you don't beat up a car for extra freaking points, but you get the idea!Cook, Serve, Delicious!allows me, as the player, to hone my restaurant like a fighting game character. I'm super good at Cammy like I'm really good with beer, burgers, ice cream, fish, and lasagna. When you build your menu, you get to customize the nuanced way in which you want to play the game. Eventually I had to try all of the other foods, but for the most part I was content with a certain number of food items in such a way that I mastered them.This game is absolutely solid and contains a great deal of twists in the way the game presents itself. And hey, if I mess up a meal I don't get mad at myself for doing so. The game is rapid fire enough that it allows the mistake to happen and then moves on. And lets face it, serving some one a bowl of just celery and soup stock can be hilarious!"
76561198087972400,Recommended,247020,16671473,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,kamakaze,Korean Simulator10/10 Would go full asian on my keyboard again
76561198114482178,Recommended,247020,16498327,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Dark Librarian,the game play is funa good way to zone outand now some issues have beenresolved i fully recommend it...cook serve enjoy!
,Recommended,247020,16712095,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,XRaVeNX,Lots of fun! Easy to understand and pick up but takes lots of practice to master. Great for kids! I love the hand drawn style graphics.
76561198075756808,Recommended,247020,16696276,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Shiruy,So much fun!
,Recommended,247020,16699946,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Vexa - The Man You Love To Hate,"Fantastic little game - so simple, and yet, so complicated.A clear example of how great Indie games can be, when they try to be inventive.Love the graphics, too!"
,Recommended,247020,16610928,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Leaena,"I might be addicted to this game. I keep coming back to it over and over again. I leave it alone for awhile, but the simplicity and yet real strategy you can put into the game makes this game fun long after you think you've mastered all the mechanics."
,Recommended,247020,16611286,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Dye Cast,"Holy Hell. This game is intense. I have been working in the food service industry for over three years now, and i have to say that this game captures the stress and fun of working in a kitchen. After the first work day in the rat hole restaurant, I felt as if i had gone through a lunch rush at work, and it felt satisfying. If youve never worked in a kitchen or enjoy working in food service, this is the game for you to play every once in a while. If you work in a restaurant and hate your job, i would stay away from this piece."
76561198031113887,Recommended,247020,16612684,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Tonical,Better than Rome II
76561198012119422,Recommended,247020,16613363,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Kreyang,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing great but ♥♥♥♥ the soup its too hard to make i want to hire someone to just cook soup for 1000000 dollars a day.
,Recommended,247020,16614822,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,pixel-junky,Stresses me out just like my job at Panera Bread. Definitely gives you a fast food vibe that will keep you on your toes. This game is delicious if you're looking for something intense.
76561198036624424,Recommended,247020,16579200,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,breitschleif,"This game is SO much fun. In a very stressful and challenging but also really, really satisfying way."
76561198013666054,Recommended,247020,16578487,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,lynxkat,Far more intense than watching Masterchef or Hell's Kitchen itself.
,Recommended,247020,16586301,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Yassassin,"Really good game in case you want to spend your extra little time while on the go. It features different game modes and even weekly task. The game is really balanced, reciepes getting harder and harder the bigger level your restaurant. Totally recommending it, even if you are not a fan of cooking games (my case)."
,Recommended,247020,16588478,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,cheezy52,"It's like Restaurant Tycoon meets WarioWare.  It's very much a ""flow"" game, at least during the day, with a lot of attention devoted to triaging the proper order to attend to food orders to keep more slots open and make sure you don't get bogged down at once, while getting absorbed in the quick little minigames involved with preparing each dish.Meanwhile, there's enough of a ""strategic"" layer to keep things interesting with prioritizing upgrades and juggling your active menu, and it keeps adding in more layers as you go; I do appreciate that once they unlock the ""flirting-on-the-job"" minigame, it just asks ""are you interested in dating men or women"", not ""which are you"".  (Though it doesn't let you select ""both""!)Some of the upgrade descriptions and spam e-mails are also quite funny, making me laugh out loud in a few cases.All in all, probably the best dollar I've spent in a while.  10/10 would accidentally serve customer raw chicken while the health inspector's watching again♥♥♥♥ lasagna tho srsly, that's some fighting-game-combo♥♥♥♥♥♥right there"
,Recommended,247020,16590868,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ximpompila,Nice game
,Recommended,247020,16763242,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Rambyist,Like every good cook you need to ♥♥♥♥♥slap every ingredient before serving it.
,Recommended,247020,16765625,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,The Hero,"This is one of those simplistic restaurant simulators, but it's just amazingly addicting. It's not a AAA title, and I'm usually a AAA junkie, but this game had me hooked. I was interested to keep going on to the next day and get a ""Perfect"" score. It can be very challenging, especially during rush hour, but it's a load of fun. I took my laptop out while waiting for my flight and I just wanted to keep on playing this as I waited. I couldn't believe how into the game I was. Give this one a try for sure. Highly recommended!8.5/10"
,Recommended,247020,8661986,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Sighman,"Frustrating game. If working in a fast food joint is anything like this, they should be paid double."
,Recommended,247020,18405560,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,MedioLitro,This is the best game. Ever. No joke. This game is so good. This game is the best game steam. If it was on the XBox it would be the best thing on the Xbox. Get this game right now.
76561198165341265,Recommended,247020,14119130,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,ladystinkerbell,love this game buts its hard i must say..
76561198054150625,Recommended,247020,18299333,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Tom Tungsten,"I love this game! You too will be stuck at repeating ""Just one last round...!"" many-many times before you can stop playing, I promise!"
,Recommended,247020,18310597,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Awesome Enterprises,"It's a good game, but it makes me so hungry after playing a few rounds. Plus the customers in it are bad people, I serve them perfect orders all day long and at the end of the day I only have $2 in my tip jar. That's BS, there needs to be an option for bad tippers to spit in their food."
,Recommended,247020,16197851,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,SpazmanianDevil,"You go in thinking this game is going to be a piece of cake and come out knowing exactly what Hell's Kitchen feels like. To keep up with the pace of everything you have to be some kind've of intelligent mutli-tasking octopus or else you gotta be really on top of everything and know your♥♥♥♥♥♥like the back of your hand. Yes. It can be that intense.It's a pretty staright forward game. You build up your restaurant from nothing to something and can even compete in competitions and host catering parties. It's a surprisingly extensive game for a simulator type.I think my ultimate favourite part of this game are the emails. Some of them are just so off the wall, it's fantastic. I wish my inbox was that creative.Bottom line? I LOVE IT!"
,Recommended,247020,16434669,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Nutto,This game is torture and makes me more stressed than workI love itUPDATE: Unlocked extreme mode. Extreme anxiety awaits. 10/10
,Recommended,247020,18308562,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,† Johanna,I seem to have misplaced my hands.
,Recommended,247020,18388994,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,roonilxwaslib,"I love food-management games. I'm addicted to them. It's a problem.And I can say, hands down, that this game is the absolute best of them all.The first version I played of this game was actually the mobile version for Android, and I immediately got hooked. I hesitated buying the PC version as well at first because I thought it wouldn't be as fun. In the mobile version you prepare all the food with finger motions, so using the keyboard just seemed like it would be boring.Boy was I wrong. I still play both versions regularly and enjoy both equally.Cons: Honestly, I can't think of any. I have had zero issues with glitches so far and even after months of gameplay (that's including the Android version if you're frowning at my logged hours), I haven't even come close to being bored.Pros:* You set the difficulty level: Each day you can change up your menu you to make it as easy or as difficult as you like.* There's a story line that doesn't get in the way: Your goal is to get a five star restaurant, but other than basic checkpoints, it's really up to you how you get there.* So many options!: My biggest complaint about other games like this is that they eventually get too boring to play. There's only so many times you can make a pizza before you never want to see pepperonis again. But this game provides enough menu options that the monotony never has a chance to set in.* Multiple game play options: Not only do you have your basic career gameplay, there's also weekly challenges and other ""events"" to keep things lively.Overall, this game is DEFINITELY worth the $10. Honestly, I think $10 is a steal for the quality of this game.  If you're at all hesitant to buy it, take it from this food management maniac that this game is WORTH IT!"
76561198066554218,Recommended,247020,18284650,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Taliesin,"This game is so much fun! it starts off simple, but its always adding new things to keep you entertained and on your feet. Its also pretty stressful. Lots of flavour text littered here and there is a nice touch too."
,Recommended,247020,16464907,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Azerth,Its Very nice game. :))
76561198096736743,Recommended,247020,16467444,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,BboongBboong-ah!,Yummy!
76561198137794307,Recommended,247020,16467577,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Suplex City,best game
,Recommended,247020,16467642,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,monica cheng,HOW DOES THE ♥♥♥♥ING CUSTOMER KNOW THAT I SLAP THE MEAT 5 OR 7 TIMES?
76561198041709554,Recommended,247020,16470352,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Anyolite,"When I first saw it on the steam sale front page, I thought it was one of those overly priced IPad restaurant city wannabe games.But its not. Think of it as, when a time management restaurant city type game meets a keyboard word typing game. But instead of typing words, you're typing keybinds to certain ingredients to create a pizza.It's intense af. Because if you're a perfectionist like me, you'd want to get a full perfect combo.For the price I paid, it's great game and time waster."
76561198067741748,Recommended,247020,16471064,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ajaym14,100% yes! I can't believe how addictive this game is. I bought this game on sale for $1. Would gladly have paid $5 for it. Need more of these games.
76561198044190463,Recommended,247020,16475721,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Zenaki,"In depth and highly addictive, I would reccomend this to anyone who likes cooking/resturant sim games."
,Recommended,247020,16477790,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Marble,it's okay
,Recommended,247020,16478059,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Niberium,I'm begging for Gordon Ramsay DLC. Kickstart that♥♥♥♥♥♥ It will be both even more intense and fun to play.
76561198071359032,Recommended,247020,16450131,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Kaseteufel,"For all the non-cooks out there, this is a great little game to help take your mind off work. If you are a cook, you should look for a different game."
,Recommended,247020,16450378,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Captain Vegetable,"Looking for the fast-twitch action of restaurant work, minus smelling like French fries all day? You've got the right game. A great workout for fingers and concentration, but easy enough to play for 15 minutes at a time and put down."
,Recommended,247020,16450844,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Rudo,This game reminds me of an old flash game called Hot Dog Bush lol
,Recommended,247020,16451424,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,vldmort,Buy it.
,Recommended,247020,16452913,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,One Angry Walrus,"P-S-C-R, P-S-C-R, P-S-C-R"
,Recommended,247020,16454397,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,TalkySteak,I cooked a dish and then I served it. It was delicious.
,Recommended,247020,16454971,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,stahlnacht,"Worth playing when there's nothing else to play.At first I thought it was a typing game, one of those that improve your typing speed and accuracy, but it turned out as something different. I might not have played it for that long yet, but I found it entertaining enough."
,Recommended,247020,16454994,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,k4mon,"simple, fun, definitely worth checking out"
,Recommended,247020,16455384,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ElAlber,Surprisingly good and you can play local co-op to share some gaming time with the kids.
76561198006481019,Recommended,247020,16456302,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,DOX | Pizza_Time,Excellent game!
,Recommended,247020,16456692,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,kneekneebookem,Surprising amount of fun on a whim purchase
76561198085386538,Recommended,247020,16460088,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Canned_Butter,"Its like a job at Subway, but rewarding.At rush hour I sell enough beer to kill all of Russia.tenouttaten"
,Recommended,247020,16463655,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Ninja Onion,"Fun,  a more indepth typing game, with a story line and daily challenges!"
,Recommended,247020,16463742,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Captain Bizarro Murphy,FOOD IS EXTREME AND NERVE RACKING.
,Recommended,247020,16427281,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Simonsays2cry,"It's only 99cents right now. If you like fast-paced, cooking games, you're going to love this.Seriously, just try it."
,Recommended,247020,16428612,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,🅱️illon011299,"99.9% of the city like to drink booze before 10:00 AM11/10, would fuel alcoholicism again."
76561198060617960,Recommended,247020,16428853,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,february13rose,One of the tastiest games out there <3
,Recommended,247020,16429816,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Tørsryk,Bloody good fun!  Ropes you in and has a surprising amount of depth and replayability to it...
,Recommended,247020,16430287,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,PauPau,Cooking Mama meets Diner Dash plus more!
,Recommended,247020,9841321,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,sardiskan,This game was oddly addictive. The controls are intuitive and the game pace progressed from slow to fast quite nicely.
76561198016951059,Recommended,247020,16433053,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Bartmann,Outstanding Fun!
,Recommended,247020,16433269,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Snail Down!,"Never knew my ability to mash buttons would also reflect on my ability as a 5 star chef.In all honesty though, great game, addicting for reasons even I can't fathom, worth the money, especially since I nabbed it for a dollar during a sale. 10/10"
,Recommended,247020,16433865,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,SharkWithALaserBeam,You can get robbed in this game.Holy Crap dude.
76561198071892617,Recommended,247020,16433967,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,sammichking,"I would recommend this game because it is simple, fast paced, and highly addictive. It's almost like an iphone app game but 8 million times more in-depth and exciting. I love it."
76561197966199403,Recommended,247020,16434630,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,StanK,Mechanical keyboard FTW. Gamepad controls make for an extra challenge.
76561198032245239,Recommended,247020,16434870,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Chun.WIN,pscrpscrpscr  [Enter]Lasagna complete.10/10 would lasagna again
,Recommended,247020,16443161,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ナルペペ Narupepe,Definitely want to open a restaurant after playing this game
,Recommended,247020,16444340,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Lilqueotie,Just like real life. Customers want food in 20 seconds or they have a hissy fit.Food/10
,Recommended,247020,16444487,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,in NO hurry to shout,Very fun cooking simulator game that requires precision and time control to get the dish right/perfect.
,Recommended,247020,16446430,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Pexe,This game is pretty good :D
76561198036334172,Recommended,247020,16447115,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,CatKickzor,"Robbed someone's restaurant and overheard one of the patrons saying I had sexy hair, eyes, and lips.10/10 would be sexy again."
,Recommended,247020,15317268,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,✪ Deezle,"I can cook, serve and make delicious food.O M G"
,Recommended,247020,15334756,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,woooglet,Seriously one of the most enjoyble game I've ever played. Only downside is getting wrist injury if you spam it for hours like I did. 10/10 would spam again.
76561198049736912,Recommended,247020,15113639,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Eric the GM,Far more frantic than I expected for a cooking game.  Definitely worth the time I spent on it - achievements are a little grindy though.9/10
,Recommended,247020,14941239,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,BINGHILLA,Fast-paced typing puzzle game that will have you going mad at the final stages. Lots of fun as long as there are still unlockables left. Extreme difficulty is just ridiculous though.
76561198045622288,Recommended,247020,14970587,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Bravo Team,"Not the most in-depth experience out there, Cook, Serve, Delicious! proves that sometimes simplicity is the best recipe for fun. It's got a nice artstyle, a quirky sense of humor, and a catchy soundtrack all backing up its rather ingenious gameplay. You play simple microgames in quick sucession, reminscent of WarioWare, themed after restaurant activities: mostly cooking food, but ocasionally doing chores such as cleaning plates or taking our garbage. You have to jugle an increasing number of orders, each order being an individual microgame, at a time. If you leave an order for too long or mess it up, the customer will leave the restaurant unhappy, resulting in less customer flow the following day. The genius is that you set the menu for each day, allowing you to pick and choose your own difficulty. Harder food will usually pay better, but will make it more likely for you to mess up and loose bragging rights. It's really easy to pick up, and surprisingly hard to put down. Huge amounts of fun, I recommend it highly for anyone looking for a game you can easily get stuck playing for way longer than you feel you should."
,Recommended,247020,15275159,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,JarSheriff,"A typing game so stressful, Mavis Beacon would throw up playing it.10/10"
76561198065528781,Recommended,247020,15396528,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Alby,"BASIC DESCRIPTION.CSD can be best described as a mixture of DDR, meets key press event game, meets restaurant/cafe manager.The game is simple to learn, but has a high skill curb. A great sense of satisfaction is derived from smashing out combo's, by typing like a mad ****, during morning and evening rushes.In a word: addictive."
76561198150444082,Recommended,247020,15233661,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Nut,"I went into this game not expecting much and i found a ton of content, fun gameplay, satisfying gameplay, quick gameplay. Everyone who i know plays this game differently; some do every step in order, some make there own strategies, and skilled players use difficult dishes, and some use easy staple foods.This game overall has great gameplay, great content, and is easilly for everyone!I highly reccommend this game to anyone who likes to have a good sit down on a game."
,Recommended,247020,16373373,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,nach0king,Time management games and restaurant settings go together like fries and salt. But seldom are they this good. Brilliantly balancedand ultra-addictive. It's not a simulator but it IS captivating.
,Recommended,247020,16394898,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Lugithesh,My keyboard doesn't like this game.
,Recommended,247020,16402287,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Kitty,"I can't believe how quickly I've become addicted to this game, definitely recommend."
76561198051088904,Recommended,247020,16403265,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Pedro Behr,better than a cooking collage.
,Recommended,247020,9867196,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Nathan,"Who is this♥♥♥♥♥♥sitting in my restaurant, not buying anything? Great game."
,Recommended,247020,7444262,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,[THC] Squiglypig,"Like ""Papers, Please!"", it's a very entertaining game with a very simple concept, yet excellent execution. Yet more proof that we don't need Michael Bay-like games in order for them to be very good."
,Recommended,247020,9399232,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Coolsiideri,"""Oh what a fun, casual looking game!"" WRONG! This is THE most hardcore gaming experience in Steam. Your hands and fingers will be screaming from agony long before you get to one star, but at the same time the game is so addicting and fun that you cannot help, but to keep on playing.If you do play all the way to five stars you will win the admiration of everyone and everything and you'll have a chance to apply for a professional CSD! team once it surpasses Starcraft in South Korea."
,Recommended,247020,10052421,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,TubbsMcGee,"I was very skeptical at first, having grown tired of all the food cooking flash games over the past few years, but this is a different kind of beast all together. This is guitar hero meets food. It's very addictive, the idea is simple and seems easy, but if you're trying for perfection it is not going to be nice to you."
,Recommended,247020,13255597,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Actually Ed,This is just insaneLike cooking but add really impatient customers and completing every order in five seconds by muscle memory
,Recommended,247020,13210802,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Jeggo,"Cook, Serve, Delicious? More like Cook, Serve, Carpal Tunnel Syndrome! 10/10 Great game, but soups can go **** themselves."
76561198095795058,Recommended,247020,13247381,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,djdoomgirl,"I totally recommend this game to anyone who enjoys casual games.  I find it's most enjoyable for only about 30 minutes a day, but its compelling enough that I have come back every day for over a week now.  It's simple to learn but difficult to master.  The music gets old after awhile but its clear the devs have a healthy sense of humor."
,Recommended,247020,13248057,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Red Scare,"Definitely a ""casual"" game, but this is a very awesome and engaging game. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,247020,13280037,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Wastelander,the game that made me hate stew with a fiery passion.
,Recommended,247020,13277115,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,jmomo,"A pretty decent memory game, where you play the part of a diner owner. You juggle orders, assemble meals, and do chores quickly. Press the right keys in the right combinations and you get a happy customer and make money. Press the wrong key, do things in the wrong order, or fail to be quick enough and customers get mad leave.The game does a pretty well of making what a lot of people call ""their crappy restaraunt job"" and letting the rest of us suffer the same way they do... except we don't get paid for doing it.Also the smacking sounds the game makes when assembling food is pretty fun."
76561198043938282,Recommended,247020,13262877,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Brampsy,I have no friends because of this game.8/10
76561198141529848,Recommended,247020,13287793,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,YoJimbo,"Really like it, it is as simple as cook some food, then serve it and see the costumer go away really angry because I messed up his order, even if it was just a cup of coffe!!!. (Note: it really helps knowing how to type)"
76561198034471483,Recommended,247020,13292012,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,stefzors,"Fast-paced, hilarious, don't play while hungry."
76561198089963770,Recommended,247020,13142867,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,futuresail0r,"This is one of the most addictive games I've played in ages and I both love and hate it. It's stressful, frustrating, and much more complex than a diner dash game which is probably it's closest comparison. It's a lot more in depth than you'd expect from a typical management game and you can prevent the risk of it becoming tedious by changing up your menu each day, each food has a different way of cooking. I recommend for anyone who enjoys a strategy or a time management game."
,Recommended,247020,14767854,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,ria,"Make food, serve food, earn tips! What more needs to be said? But really this is a very fun restaurant sim. Good challenges, satisfying sound effects, cute art style, endless replayability if you're into this sort of thing."
76561198074104154,Recommended,247020,14890841,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,iLyrica-sama,"A fun game with quite the interesting art style. The different levels, foods, and challenging challenges keep it from being repetitve, which is a big plus! Overall, great game!"
,Recommended,247020,14922190,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Sir Francis Gurs,Goddamn the difficluty is something unmetionable...after this game you can't type any word exxept hscvmnoputiyr enter enter left right up down ss sss ssssss upupupupupupand that ♥♥♥♥s up your life....10/10
76561198165791688,Recommended,247020,14828025,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Pipilipipa,SOOO ADDICTIVE!!!
,Recommended,247020,15013677,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Run Now,Its good.  All day long.
,Recommended,247020,14510742,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Tranquility,"I love this game! I definitely recommend it to everyone of all ages. It's fun and addictive, with very catchy music! Though it can seem like an easy game, it can be very VERY hard depending on your menu, which I think is a great feature, You can choose your level of difficulty each day easily.All in all, Cook, Serve, Delicious is a fantastic game!"
76561198036240547,Recommended,247020,11615895,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Luna,"Fun, simple, and addictive. It's a really fun game to play when you're bored or just have some extra time on your hands :)."
76561198001092402,Recommended,247020,13934023,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Harmany,"Just love this little game, I keep coming back to it!"
76561198065034502,Recommended,247020,14364875,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,ariatik,"A surprisingly fun and quite addictive game.  The game is easy to understand, and captures your attention.  Just one more day.  Also, rush hour will totally stress you out!  It is well worth the price and is a game I come back to again and again, when I just want 20 minutes of pure fun."
,Recommended,247020,9240464,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Gamer147,"What makes this game is the atmosphere and the customization. I really feel like I own a little place, and I like it. I like the rain that falls on the window, it reminds me of actual rainy days, and that also makes me feel good, cozy even. It's the little things, I guess.A bit grindy, but that doesn't come into effect. Very satisfying to have 'Perfect Days' or win bets, getting to a one-star restuarant is an achievement and it feels like it. You even get a remodel when you hit a new star."
,Recommended,247020,14111394,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Flanster,"Its as fun as I thought it would be. Considering my keyboard/typing skills are shotty as hell, I can still manage to do perfect days, muscle memory is the best. It can get frustrating and hard but its just a game. I can't wait to get to 5 stars."
76561198064794730,Recommended,247020,14508718,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,fiwodio,"Cook, Serve, Delicious! Is fun, fast-paced, ADDICTIVE and probably the most challenging restraunt simulator I've ever played. Would recommend if you enjoy this type of game."
,Recommended,247020,14380614,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,ColicLionHeart,"Rush Hour, Got Pizza, Make Pizza, Hit Wrong Ingredient, Stay Calm, Finish Pizza, Hit Pizza again, Send out raw, Good rating and customer dies from the doughy goodness of that raw deliciousness.9.9/10 - Would cook again."
76561198082015922,Recommended,247020,13635034,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,princeazazel,"First off I only bought this game because of youtuber ""Jacksepticeye""  If it was not for him I admit I'd never play this game.  What I found when I bought it was a game with just one flaw like most others I find that otherwise are VERY worth it.  This time the flaw is how long it takes to earn the stars needed to advance often requiring you to work 20, thirty minute days.  Due to this I'm guessing I'm not in the later part of the game where more of the fun is, but still just where I am it's been very fun to make all these dishes and ""run"" my own little cafe in it.  This is not like those cafe dinner games you prep every dish from ice cream to serving up sushi.  Customers react based on how well you follow the order which changes all the time, however they don't just ask for something random as they do only ask for whatever you have a recipe for which helps a ton mid game."
,Recommended,247020,13640951,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,No. 1 Karamatsu Girl,Toliet Cleaning Simulator 2014.
,Recommended,247020,10668298,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Miguel Rossington,"Part Cooking Mama, part Warioware, part sim. So addicting and suprisingly chllenging."
76561198032696607,Recommended,247020,10681527,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,TeaDance,"This game is so addictive! It's simple but really fun, especially if you're a fan of casual games. Also, being able to choose between using a mouse, keyboard and controller is a really nice touch. Additional challenges as you progress stops the game getting repetitive. It quickly became one of my favourite games :)"
,Recommended,247020,10659403,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,firgustus789,Super fun and super chill. And who wouldn't want to start the day serving beer?
,Recommended,247020,10889795,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Mermalaide,"This game is so wonderfully addicting. It can be somewhat frustrating, but I am hooked on it. I would love if they kept coming out with dlcs for new foods here and there. This game is AWESOME."
76561198011999128,Recommended,247020,10604045,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,perdinax,"Addicting, fun, hours of fun."
,Recommended,247020,10604141,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Charkles,Fun game that utilizes memory and speed.
76561198094790766,Recommended,247020,10611904,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,CausticBleach,"While the slightly cartoonish graphics would be a put-off for some people, once you play for a while, it becomes evident that this game is actually a very challenging, very fun game where you have to memorize dozens of keys and what they stand for, and even more recipes for dozens of foods for a game where difficulty will continue to ramp, partly based on the game, and also on your choices of foods to cook for the day. The game has a surprisingly deep level of combinations you make for your menu, having quite a bit of factors to consider in order to have a successful, yet balanced menu for the day.It's almost as if it's some type of ""rhythm"" game, where once you get used to the foods, you begin to make them in your own fashion of what ingredients you put in first, or whatever.Overall, fun game, pretty worth buying."
,Recommended,247020,12327105,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,v00,"I love this game. It is addictive, difficult, fast-paced and awesome. There is humor in the email system if you take the time to read them. It is sort of like WarioWare with the fast paced mini-games, except each mini-game is creating food that was ordered. I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes a challenge. It has high replayability because you can customize your menu many different ways and master different foods. It now has a + mode for after you beat the game. The first ""Super Rush Hour"" you do is insane. It keeps me coming back for me."
,Recommended,247020,7611616,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Musaliwa,The most entertaining sim game on Steam. EVEN BETTER THAN EURO TRUCK SIM 2!
,Recommended,247020,8945457,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,This Nigga Eats Pasta,decent game
76561198086496620,Recommended,247020,12491968,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Lyrehc,"The three H's for this game: Hunger-Inducing, Hinderless, and Happily Fun! Since I saw OfficiaNerdCubed's 101 video, I had no interest, then I saw his challenge video. Then I watched a less popular YouTuber's video of it, jacksepticeye's, and gained lots of interest!"
76561198056993739,Recommended,247020,12497136,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Outlaw,Basically mortal combat.
,Recommended,247020,12279794,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,loGi,Incredibly addicting.
,Recommended,247020,12282965,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,sailorbitch,I'M SO HUNGRY
76561198084943725,Recommended,247020,11110152,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,FJ,"This game is a very fun ""type-to-play"" game.  Basically you're a short-order cook at your own restaurant in a recently renovated sky rise.  To play the game, you assemble food by entering key combinations in the proper order.  Throw in a mix of additional time management, an ever changing menu, side-bets with the AI or with the Steam community, and a simple plot of trying to land a girlfriend and you have a nice little casual gaming experience.  If you're looking for a game to help knock out 15 - 45 minutes here or there, pick this title up, hopefully you'll be as pleasantly surprised as I was."
,Recommended,247020,11156004,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,MaysonD,"Cook, Serve, Delicious is classified as a Hardcore Cooking Simulation where you take the helm of the brand new resturant in Sherrisoda Tower. Cooking requires ingredients thrown together using every button on the keyboard. Your task is to upgrade your resturant to a five star by serving perfect food and getting buzz.I recommend this game to anyone who wants a different form of simulation."
76561198033718417,Recommended,247020,11158788,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,SpiderParadox,"This game seemed like a fun little time waster, and that is exactly what I got.  It is just an overall pleasent casual style game.  The difficulty ultimately depends on what food you serve day to day, but nothing is so hard as to seem unfair.  ""cooking days"" are just short enough so as not to be overwhelming, and the letters and minigames are fun as well.If you like casual pick up whenever games, you could do much worse than this."
,Recommended,247020,10845883,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Kheperu,"This is a hectic micromanagement game, which I usually find frustrating, but somehow Cook, Serve, Delicious! really pulls it off.It's casual, yet quite deep, so that you'll keep playing for hours."
76561198079719991,Recommended,247020,10030944,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Tina_x,"Awesome, hard addictive game with lots of upgrades :P"
,Recommended,247020,9945329,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,voltagethd,Really enjoy playing this game. I always find myself coming back to this game to play it.
,Recommended,247020,9892931,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,unknowncity,"It's a decent little time-waster of a game. If you have OCD, and love getting every detail right while steadily progressing towards 100% completion, it might be the game you've been dreaming of for years. If not, it's still a novel little game with plenty of variety. There's plenty for a casual gamer to enjoy, and it works just fine for 10-minute gaming breaks."
,Recommended,247020,9894932,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Patch,Here is a link to my Youtube video on it:http://youtu.be/WdtlT7lFAHwVery fun to play!
,Recommended,247020,10074471,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Sad Jonathan,"Leaps and bounds better than something like diner dash. Fast paced, Fast food, need one say more?"
,Recommended,247020,9891805,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Everything In Terms Of Doggo,"I love making Lasagna in like 2 seconds. Looks silly, plays incredibly."
,Recommended,247020,10598708,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,BasicallyJesus,"Its a game of raging for the first few hours, then a game of skills and keyboardist love. Play it. Now. Cheap, choices made, skills shown, tradeing cards gained."
,Recommended,247020,8400497,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,anjaypee,"Played this game almost obsessively ever since I bought it. It's the perfect combination of challenge and choice with a good sense of humour thrown in. I would recommend this game to anyone, even if ""cooking"" games aren't really your thing. Favourite casual game of the year"
,Recommended,247020,8400958,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Latrine,"Amazingly fun and addictive, the perfect blend of plate spinning restaurant sim and rhythm game. The pace of running a restaurant with two rush hours per day is a perfect groove for tapping out some complicated menu orders. And while it looks like a casual game, the intensity really ramps up as you unlock new recipies and expand your restaurant."
,Recommended,247020,8403748,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Rarzipace,"I don't think I'd call it a ""hardcore restaurant sim"". It's maybe more like Warioware but with a lot of time management stuff and some menu and equipment management around it. It's cute and fun to play, and according to my husband surprisingly fun to watch someone play. Also, I find the opening theme oddly fascinating."
76561197969880570,Recommended,247020,8327046,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Tater Tots,"Pleasantly surprised by the fun and engaging gameplay of this unassuming restaraunt ""sim"". Feels like it would be right at home on a tablet but feels solid with a keyboard."
,Recommended,247020,8328697,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Nilbog,"Simple yet really fun. Like a fast paced cooking mama, you use the money you earn day to day in your restaurant to buy new food and equipment and attempt to serve as many perfect meals in a row as possible. Can get surprisingly intense, would reccomend."
76561198028504999,Recommended,247020,8330156,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,PIckaSIR,verassend verslavend.
,Recommended,247020,8288968,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,재재,"Customers approach you asking for an entree on your menu in a specific way. You are to take their order, slap it together by pressing the corresponding keys, cook it, put it out on time and serve it. Simple right! Now do it for six people, while having to do maintenance, cleaning and all the other kitchen tasks involved. A small sim after the days work allows you to upgrade your kitchen and equiptment plus change your menu and look at your money. Overall, not a very enchanting game but it has its familiarities to a real kitchen with all the hustle and bustle."
,Recommended,247020,8294295,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,flatluigi,"A really fun, hectic game. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,247020,8294415,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Senior_Diablo,fun
,Recommended,247020,11176589,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,chellekat,"This game has held my attention for hours and is really, really challenging after a while."
,Recommended,247020,11194812,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Quinkie,"Why do I like this game?I have to admit, on the surface, a game like Cook, Serve, Delicious! just sounds stupid. Why did I end up liking it so much?I think it's the combination of time management and typing things as fast as humanly possible that turns it from tedium into a game. There's actualstrategy and planninginvolved and necessary when it comes to deciding what foods to put on your menu, what tasks can be ignored if you need to catch a robbery suspect or text while on the job. It's bizarre.Then, when I almost had all the achievements, the game got updated to have a HELL difficulty. So I played it even more. I don't know that I'll necessarily revisit the game, now that I've managed to see and achieve everything, but I liked accomplishing it all.At the very least, I enjoyed it more as a ""type as fast as you can"" game than I've enjoyed Typing of the Dead...zombie games aren't my bag, even if typing ones are!"
76561197993261039,Recommended,247020,11170759,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,blufosil,"Is the music from this game open use? I just saw a commercial for a website callednomorerack.comthat sounds very, very similar.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yWfokPKpsnY"
,Recommended,247020,12926082,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Deathtopong,"I already work a crappy job, why did I buy this game? I can't put it down. :("
,Recommended,247020,12864925,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Toschi,Strangly Addicting.
76561198030734335,Recommended,247020,12867354,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,pyromaniac58,This game is actually ridiculously fun.
,Recommended,247020,12868331,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Occamsnailfile,"It is the funnest collection of cooking minigames I have yet encountered, and lots of ways to upgrade your restaurant and ordering process.  And now they've added co-op and multiplayer options?  Fascinating.  It is worth the buy if you want a nice casual game."
,Recommended,247020,12868333,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,ASS STREET ~!-=-CrYpToNiPz-=-!~,Probably the only game you need to own.
76561198076443151,Recommended,247020,12868344,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Neon Zephyr,A fast paced game where you click everything on your computer.
76561198025757418,Recommended,247020,12868395,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Carmen,"I bought this game because I love all time management sims, no matter how terrible they are. I was expecting to be entertained for maybe an hour or two, but this is honestly one of the best games of the genre I've ever played. The mechanics are polished and keeps it just the right level of challenging without being frustrating, and the art design is nothing short of charming. The addition of things catering, the iron cook competition, and even dating is sure to keep anyone who's a fan of restaurant sims playing for days."
,Recommended,247020,12869422,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,DeltaForce C:/Windows95,I'm so hungry when playing this game.
,Recommended,247020,12869512,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,TheFaustLegend,"Addictive, fun, challenging, and satisfying to play.Reminds me of work though.Which speaks volumes of how addictive it is since I still enjoy playing it."
76561198091188082,Recommended,247020,12869952,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Jebus1346,This game gets stressful you can only do one order at a time and you gotta do it quick before the customer leaves10/10 on stressslevels
,Recommended,247020,12870050,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Dayvik,"Really awesome that the developer continues to support this game.  Chubigans, you rock!New Game+ and EXTREME difficulty really made me love this game even more."
,Recommended,247020,12870566,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,robhoward83,Game rocks. Highly addicting!
76561198080995094,Recommended,247020,12870759,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Argonaut,Love it! Combines a fast pace restaurant sim with typing to create beauty. The amount of food variety is amazing and I would highly recommend it to anyone who likes cooking games!
76561198013058042,Recommended,247020,12871345,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,MikeSugs,Such an awesome game. One of the best cooking-style time management games I have ever played.
,Recommended,247020,12871465,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Literal IRL Serial Arsonist,"A wonderful game that makes me angry enough to eat my own goddamn hands.It goes from simple to insanely complex and hectic with but a moment's notice. Perfect days can be destroyed by a rush hour of patrons who all want soup. What button do I press? Did I just add olives or onions to this dish? What button corresponds to which sushi? Huh? Oh god.Basically, the game is incredibly high tension. And when you thread the needle and have a perfect day, you feel like the god king of cooking. I'd recommend this game to just about anyone."
76561198071607803,Recommended,247020,12879938,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,albert who carbonated my water,More demanding than masturbation. 10/10
,Recommended,247020,8673590,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Agent Franks MCB,"As a five year crew person in a busy fast food store, Cook, Serve, Delicious re-creates the fealing of hussle and bussle of a busy day as you rush to press every key on the keyboard in a finger dance that can best be descirbe as lightning fingers. The game on the outside appears to be an hard and frustraing game, but it is not. I find it relaxing and really fun. If you like rapidly increasing the muscle mass of your fingers will play a restraunt sim then this is the game for you. If you hate food, then avoid this game, because this game will make you hungry... and thristy."
76561198044382516,Recommended,247020,8850214,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Talib,Fun and addicting game but i still cant get used to the amount of buttoning mashing overall still a very fun a worth while buy.
,Recommended,247020,8858800,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Doone,"Amazingly great fun no matter what platform you're playing on. It's quick, simple and you can spend as much or as litle time playing it as you want. It's just you, some orders and the food you can't burn! The only bad thing I can say about this game is that it doesn't have an online Multiplayer mode so I can have a cook off with my friends."
76561198058164310,Recommended,247020,8860104,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Burning,"'Cook, Serve, Delicious!' is a well-made and fun game to play. Within the first couple of hours of playing I found a good strategy to go by to make good money. However after that the game does become a little reptitive, although it is still interesting because of the constant changes you will have to make to your menu to retain 'buzz'. In the later game it gets quite challenging and can be frustrating at points when trying to deal with lots of customers at once.Overall this game is a well-made, interesting, slightly repetitive but still challenging game."
,Recommended,247020,8469880,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,THEE Quentin Blackk,"More like Cook, Serve, Motherf****r I just accidentally tenderized her chicken seven times and not six oh f*** me and a half now it's rush hour and everyone wants burgers and soups oh God in heaven Im gonna die get out the way health inspector YES I DID IT ALL PERFECTLY SUCK IT CRAZY DAVE!!!Seriously, the game is addictive, crazy fun, and challenging. Pick this gem up."
,Recommended,247020,8473112,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,blw1117,"Well I went into this game hoping for a nice bit of a chuckle. But I ended up with a very intruiging and genuinly fun expirence this game has typing elements that make it VERY stressful at various points throughout it, but without that element the game wouldn't be complete. I reccomend ""Cook, Serve, Delicious"" to any one who wants good time and a good game under their library list. Defenitly on my top 5 for 2013 just because I like the micromanagment with the menu >_<"
,Recommended,247020,8475845,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Lady Racheya,"Cook, Serve, Delicious is a fast paced, mad game, which teaches you to multitask and speed type like you've never done so before. It's not easy, but after your first few days dishing out meals and washing dishes you'll never want to stop. It has an addictive quality - just one more day so I can buy that food, or level my restaurant up a star. In other words - it's awesome. I love it. I bought it on sale but I think it's well worth the full price."
76561198076082127,Recommended,247020,8476088,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Kateaclysmic,"This game is very fun.The good thing about this game compared to your standard cooking games is it doesn't just get faster and faster until you absolutely can't keep up; you can keep up (with skill and practice!)If you are learning how to type, or you are wanting to up your wpm, this game is an awesome tool to help you do that. I type 93wpm but have always been pretty shocking with my numbers. Having played this game my numbers are now pretty good (trust me, you don't want to click the wrong number in this game!) Of course, this relies on you using the keyboard instead of the mouse, but I think that you will need to master the keyboard in order to master this game.I actually think this would be a really cool tool to use when interviewing candidates for jobs such as administration, because it demonstrates a few skills:Typing accuracyAbility to follow instructionsAttention to detail (did that say ""salt please"" or ""no salt please""?)Ability to quickly learn new systems, for example, learning that 'Y' is 'butter' even though you would not naturally think thatTime management (sure, that order came in first, but I should put that lobsters on to cook first)Quick thinkingAbility to perform under pressureAnd likely more.The only negative I've encountered is that the same ingredient (for example, 'sour cream') in two different menu items has a different key registered for it (for one item it is 's', for another it is 'c'), however you ARE able to change the key registry manually for all ingredients.All up, fun fun fun, have played about 12 hours of it so far, looking forward to playing more."
76561198046571436,Recommended,247020,8448946,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,maggieelmo,Game is fun if you like food simulator games.
,Recommended,247020,8442257,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,piqeta,"I do recommend the game, a fun and quick game. you need to be very quick, and a quick typer. nice overallPrice: a bit over pricedGameplay: HardOverall: 7/10"
,Recommended,247020,8444399,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,MajorKnowledge,very addictive game with amazing artwork! dont miss the art gallery after reaching platinum restaurant status!!
76561198027732929,Recommended,247020,8445355,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Billy la Levrette,Meilleur jeu de gestion du MONDe !
,Recommended,247020,8476682,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Taggrip,I played heaps of a game called Ore no Riyori back in the day and this reminds me of it heaps. Good silly fun managing your resturaunt and cooking the meals.
,Recommended,247020,8480444,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,"Disc ""LVP"" Rider","This is the most stressful game I've played in ages.That said, it does very much emulate my time as a fast food worker.The basic premise to this game is this; You own a restaurant, you make food by pushing buttons really fast, and you strive to keep every customer happy by making everything quickly and correctly whilst pushing those buttons. The trick is, most foods, or at least the most valuable foods per order, require multiple ingredients and button presses, whilst also having multiple possible recipes. So when you start selling pizzas for example, the first pizza you get ordered might be cheesy bread (select order, hit cheese then cook), but then the next might be a deluxe (select order, hit every topping you have then cook). So the standard production pipeline is get order, identify exact order, press buttons really quickly from the recipe that you maybe remember because reading each order entirely is too slow, and then hope you haven't taken too much time and let other customers or chores expire whilst cooking this first order.Add on top of this standard events (rush hours and health inspectors making you work harder), an ever-increasing difficulty (you start off only holding 4 orders concurrently, but as you gain stars you have to juggle more and more customers) and an increasing complexity in the orders, and you have the perfect recipe for terrible amounts of pressure.This game is absolutely franctic.As for the decor, it's a bit on the kiddie side, but honestly if you're paying too much attention to the bright colours and somewhat silly intro song you're probably not going to play well anyway.If you're looking for a game to whip you into submission with el dente pasta, then you're going to love this game.Frankly, I found it hard to keep my own energy up through the entire day of cooking, but I still think it's brilliant gameplay, and I love torturing myself so I have to give it 4.5/5.This game is just one of the best tests of muscle memory that I've seen in ages.Some final thoughts:This game is in effect a very good touch typing tool. All the hotkeys are usually related to the ingredient that they supply, either by first or second letter. You can rebind them, but then I think you'll have trouble in later, more ingredient intensive levels, as you won't be as easily able to link the button to the ingredient.Also you can play the entire game with the mouse, but I dare say you'll have trouble keeping up.And lastly, you can change the difficulty on the game. Sort of.While I haven't gone looking for a precise difficulty setting, there is a ""buzz"" mechanic in the game that determines how many customers come to your restaurant. If you want, you can deliberately sabotage your ""buzz"" to prevent as many orders coming in the next day. This makes it easier to complete every order, but also makes your business less profitable which prevents advancement towards new skills and recipes.That said, you get $250 if you complete every order in a day perfectly, and you have betting opportunities based on successful order streaks, so it may well be wise to scale back the customers if you're having trouble and then recoup your losses through these other bonuses."
,Recommended,247020,8483015,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,KoentJ,Fun game for short bursts of time to clear the mind. Especially like how this restaurant sim is not based on walking around and serving but on managing the creation of multiple dishes at a time. Becomes very high pace. Not for those who cringe at the thought of monotonous gameplay.
,Recommended,247020,11040650,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Sea Bass,"My favorite underrated game on steam. it is all the fun of a rythmn game with none of the stupid instruments. this game has great graphics, kickin' music, and will leave your fingure tips begging for one more round...one more round. while i must say i dont play it to a scheduale i do lose myself inside this game so have some time to be in the moment. now all it needs is a steam workshop for other foods. 10/10"
76561198075990741,Recommended,247020,10594946,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Veggi40,Enjoyable game
,Recommended,247020,10964322,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Bigcat t('^'t),great game and very addicting
76561198053354097,Recommended,247020,10639776,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Maddie,This game is crazy fun! It's quick and can be difficult but well worth the time and effort. I highly recommend playing with the sound on as the soundtrack is upbeat and really makes the game better! It's chaotic and customizable! HIGHLY recommended!!
,Recommended,247020,10626188,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,dolliknitrix,Addictive.
,Recommended,247020,10629539,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Fathertime,"If you want a game your girlfriend is better then you at, buy this game"
76561198055767325,Recommended,247020,10630933,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,F a c e m a s k ︻デ┳═ー,"This game was exactly what I imagined it would be, and more.You actually feel yourself getting better as your memorize recipies and key bindings.The stress during rush hour is hilarious, trying to make sure you get each item correct without burning anything.10/10 would grind again."
,Recommended,247020,10736378,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,TheCorgiQueen,Be prepared to be stressed!I highly reccomend this game :)Although it is really like a waitress job or any kind of resteraunt job it's incredibly enjoyable.It's super affordable too!I'm very glad I got it
,Recommended,247020,10518651,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Solantra10,"This game is fantastic. Easy to get into, and can be challenging as you progress, and buy recipes with more complicated key inputs. Some of them are hard to do quickly! Cook, Serve, Delicious is definitely one of my go to games to play!"
,Recommended,247020,13927953,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,No Values,"I cook and clean and no one cares. Mom, Im sorry. Ryan Davis Burger all day erray day. Respect"
76561197975072393,Recommended,247020,13973253,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Bropocalypse,The precision and speed of keyboard use in this game makesStarcraftlook likeWorld of Warcraft.
,Recommended,247020,13976070,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,purplepenguinjen,"A fun and challenging time management game for running a little cafe in an office building.  Easy to get started, but difficult to master."
76561198029810808,Recommended,247020,13624665,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Mancomb Seepgood,"I used to love the WarioWare games on Gameboy and in a way this is like a much heftier, much more involved version. Each in-game day only lasts 5-10 minutes so it's 'casual' in the sense that you can, in theory, have a quick session of a couple of days. But you will invariably end up playing for much longer as you try and master that new soup recipe.(This game will also make you never want to see a kebab ever again)."
,Recommended,247020,13612204,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Schwachstrom,"This game is simply wonderful! The mechanics and speed are difficult, but you learn the muscle memory really quickly."
,Recommended,247020,13619279,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,KvltKat,"Super fun, very challanging, and incredibly addictive"
,Recommended,247020,13628276,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,BloodMalika,"Good to pass time, but still stressful when ya fail too much.7/10Would botch lasagna again."
,Recommended,247020,13415841,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Orion52,Really fun game with lots of content. You have to make food for your customers using various keyboard combinations or using a controller. You have to make sure you press the right buttons in the right sequence with the right timing or you might screw up an order (which will cost you money). Things get very hectic when making many orders at the same time and juggling other chores in the kitchen.Overall a really cool game that offers lots of variety and replayability.
,Recommended,247020,13074807,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,IsaacAttack,Play this consistently in lecture.Turns out tutor has been watching me for the past week.Asks me for the name of the game.16/10
,Recommended,247020,13001583,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Doctor Dome,"Simple, but challenging and fun. An all around good investment and has some updates still adding to the content."
76561198055437869,Recommended,247020,13035887,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Schoopi Foooopp,"fast paced, addictive, fun. stop reading and just buy it."
,Recommended,247020,14702117,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,I'm a member of S.T.A.R.S.!,it's good
,Recommended,247020,13518009,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,quicksnap,chiKen chiKen chiKen chiKen chiKen chiKen chiKen chiKen chiKen chiKen chiKen chiKen chiKen chiKen
,Recommended,247020,13543003,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,purpleaoi,"This game has caused me to develop an irrational hatred for soup, kabobs and wine bottles.  Incredibly stressful.  Great game. 10/10"
,Recommended,247020,13543557,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,RainingHellfire,This game acomplishes three things1. Fun2. Makes me hungry3. Typing Teacher
76561198049495064,Recommended,247020,13553329,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Schlipie,The mechanics and humor of this game makes it way more enjoyable than it has any right to be.
76561198025370464,Recommended,247020,13567941,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Transcendancing,"I love this game, timing, accuracy and now a Battle Kitchen mode! Love the weekly challenges! Love the endurance challenges! Hoping for more wacky strike challenges too. This is a lot of fun for very little outlay."
,Recommended,247020,13558205,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,billbotics,"Sit, play, lose track of space/time/reality!8/10"
,Recommended,247020,7413453,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,ZimTis,Button mashing to perfection. Surprisingly addictive.^^
,Recommended,247020,11827657,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,whitneyarner,I lost like 18 hours in one weekend playing this @#$#% game. I forgot to cook real food for myself. No regrets.
76561198123418255,Recommended,247020,11593948,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,ReadForFilth,"After I was able to get my game to launch using the ""rollbackmac"" patch, I was immediately sucked into this game. I used to work food service so this could have been part of the draw, but it's a great game even if you haven't struggled your way through a rush hour with impatient customers in real life. The review that really sold me on picking this up during the Steam Summer sale was the one suggesting it was for those who like ""crying and stress."" I didn't go back to the review to find the users name, but thank you kind person for ensuring that I didn't pass this treasure up."
,Recommended,247020,27589826,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Shutterstock old man,Washing dishes has never been this easy.
76561198057696267,Recommended,247020,27604991,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ikus,"Cook, Serve, Great!"
,Recommended,247020,27634258,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bateman is my hero,The sounds this game makes when you hit the keys on your keyboard will leave you feeling satisfied for days to come.
,Recommended,247020,27675655,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,PastryPig,Fast and furious food preparation action. Do not play on an empty stomach. You have been warned.
,Recommended,247020,27697615,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Wonky-Faint thing.,"Started out as just a happy humble cafe cook.  Ended up a five star restaurant master chef with a hatred towards the world, especially anyone texting me during store hours with inane questions."
76561197961142780,Recommended,247020,27664092,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,sharu,When you realize that you just decided to eat pizza again just to be able to play this game more...
76561197977104995,Recommended,247020,22297019,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Aewendil,"Playing this game absorbed 110% of my brainpower in a time when my day to day life was so stressful, I constantly felt like vomiting.It was a relief, a safehaven, my nirvana.5/5, would recommend.EDIT: Nominated for award."
,Recommended,247020,27607416,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,kyoryii,I never thought that this many people wouldn't flush toilets at restaurants. Or that people would enjoy pizza with no sauce and only cheese. Or that I could ever type this fast.10/10 would use hand sanitizer instead of washing hands again
76561198326864404,Recommended,247020,27608230,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TehYoshiKing,This game is excellent! I'm so excited for the sequel!
,Recommended,247020,27622744,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,bass.exe21,"After playing, I want some corndogs... and maybe some pizza."
,Recommended,247020,27669389,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lost Generation,"A very fun game, and my nominee for the 'Best use of a farm animal' award."
76561197972918383,Recommended,247020,28037981,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Evaqua,Didn't need to finish culinary school because I had this game. Now I can cook anything and everything. Play this game if you want to learn how to cook.
,Recommended,247020,28029002,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,AugustusLove,A nerve racking game but enjoyable. Very fast paced and funny.
76561198189346217,Recommended,247020,16832270,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,LilianaStar,"Interestingly addictive. The game play is pretty simple, but still quite enjoyable. Requires concentration, so it's not the best game to play if you like multitasking!"
,Recommended,247020,27959691,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Saifon,"I get home from work, it's late... I've just finished a 16 hour shift, doing 80 guests for lunch and another 80 for dinner. Over 300 plates left the kitchen today. I feel like I could collapse any minute.But before I do that, I need to do it all over again. I need to put on my chefscoat and step into the heat of the kitchen. Before I go to sleep, I need to cook soup, pasta, steak and lasagna. I need to serve it to the guests without falling behind on the tickets. Most importantly it has to be... DELICIOUS!As someone who does it for a living, I can say that this game mimics a professional kitchen perfectly. It's stressful, it's brutal and it's fun as hell! Pushing for those perfect days and challenging yourself to do it faster and better all the time is awesome. And when the musclememory starts kicking in and orders are flying out you feel like a king.I find myself, just the way I do at work, starting to make small flourishes when I ""cook"", tapping out the correct sequence for the meat lasagna or the Baristobo soup without even thinking.I thought ""this game is easy, I'm memorizing everything in minutes"". I wanted to prove myself and went to the Battle Kitchen mode. ""I'll show them!"", I told myself. It was like stepping into the kitchen of a french bistro after you'd only worked in a sportsbar before. I felt like an insecure intern who hadn't even tourne'd a potato before.It was inspiring. I still have so much to learn, so much to discover in this game and I can't wait!"
,Recommended,247020,28013683,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Kojakattack,"It's great! I feel that everyone has pretty much covered my sentiments on the game. I actually wanted to offer a suggestion.I have twin 9 year old sisters who are both extremely dyslexic. They struggle with reading and dont find much fun in doing so. Today, however, they saw me playing Cook, Serve, Delicious! And instantly fell in love. I set them up just playing practice on individual foods and have them read and cook the orders. I think this game has extreme educational potential as it forces a child not only to read but comprehend as well as teaching basic keyboard use all while managing a fun restaurant with personalized orders.Unfortunately, they are kind of stuck playing in practice as all the base game modes ive tried have proven to hard or rapid for them to finish meals before guests leave. I wish this game had some kind of casual setting or kids setting where potentially the time to cook meals is significantly longer or that patrons wont leave until an order is complete.Just a suggestion! The game is amazing on its own, i just think parents would find value in it educationally if it had such a setting."
,Recommended,247020,28079530,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Lyzzie,I just love time management. And this one is a precious game for those who like to do multitasking very quickly.And you are playing with food. Love it!
,Recommended,247020,28058680,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Elystral,"Addictive, Great Soundtrack, Fun overall. Definatley worth the money."
76561198089248777,Recommended,247020,24394190,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Duskrose,Loved it! This game just sucks me in and before I know it I can't stop. It's hell but I love it!
,Recommended,247020,25086365,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,The Bad Gamer,"This is one of the most addictive games I've ever played. It's SO FUN. It's fast paced cooking with a bit of menu management.GAMEPLAY:It's one of the fastest paced games I've ever played about cooking. Select food from orders to make, make it, send it to the customer. It's extremely fun and just a blast to play 10/10AUDIO:It has a really nice soundtrack which is better then most soundtracks I've heard and just encourages the fast paced gameplay. The sound effects are nice but I did get cooking food and pouring drinks mixed up causing minor problems. 9/10GRAPHICS:Not much to say but nice cartoony graphics and pretty good effects. But the simplicity adds a nice touch to the game which I really love and enjoy. 10/10CO-OP? YES:This game does have co-op which sounds completely boring until it actually happens. I had my brother play it with me and it was AMAZING! ""POP THE WINE, POP THE WINE NOW"" "" I'M TRYING"". ""GOD NO THE DISHES MY THUMBS ARE TIRED LETS SWITCH"" ""GOT PRESS TEH BUTTON"" ""MY THUMBS ARE BLEEDING"". Basicly,one person takes the orders to bring up the menu as the other does chores and cooks the food. It sounds like the waiter's job is easy but NOOOOOOOOOO. You have to know how long the specific food and chores take and serve the food to the customers. And you can switch jobs at any time by pressing the start button/ ctrl button. 10/10OVERALL:Theres lots I didn't cover being 5 hours in but I will be editing but right now it's at 11/10TLDR: GET THIS F****** GAME NOW IT IS AMAZING 20/10"
,Recommended,247020,13397089,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Cthuluhoop,I don't play games for 40+ hours because I don't like them.Play this. The only regret you'll have is that you will get completely sucked in.
,Recommended,247020,13335866,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,^1soup^3dogg^88,"Very good game, love the way you fillet fishes :)"
76561198008811876,Recommended,247020,13367420,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,bucketheadisgod2,I was sceptical of this game at first but since i work in a kitchen i thought i should give it a try. its a well designed game and surprisingly fun and addicting... if you have a controller that is. if you want to become a master typist go ahead and use mouse and keyboard but its basically a typing aid then.
,Recommended,247020,11630404,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,TTJake,"78/100Amazing small game, 3 hours feels like enough to give a basic rating.Pros/Cons:+Fast paced+Dont just cook, have to do other work (Garbage, Dishes, Flush the toilet)+/-Upgrades (They make your dishes harder to make, but bring more money in)+/-Rush hour (Big bucks)-Not enough recepiesSeeming how it is a small game, theres not much to rate, but I can tell you, this is a good game."
76561198034885067,Recommended,247020,13373519,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,blackdragon2026,"Good for a five minute break or an hour long play, this game's intense and quick gameplay pushes you to be the best chef/janitor/server at the same time. Definetely worth 10 bucks"
,Recommended,247020,13686690,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,ShadowAssassin,"This guy ordered fish and wanted me to fillet, season, then cook it.  Instead, I put the whole fish on the fryer for 1 second and served it to him.  He was very displeased for some reason."
,Recommended,247020,13493776,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,hxcynthia,"I bought this because it seemed interesting and I've only been playing for about two hours but I can say that this game is going to be a problem in my life.A very, very good problem.If you're trying to decide whether or not to invest that small amount of money into this game - do not think, just do.It blows me away that no matter how deep into the game you get, there's no way that it can ever feel old.You can tell that the developers spent a lot of time thinking of every little detail.Bravo to them."
,Recommended,247020,13218343,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,FunkerGreg,"Really well designed game for couch play even though it was developed with single player in mind.  The controlls can be imagined a bit like fighting game combos, but with fun, stylized cooking gameplay elements."
,Recommended,247020,12938672,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,RockTobias,"A fun little game that you can play on you're spare time, and yes... this game will make you hungry 7.5/10"
76561198025165907,Recommended,247020,10991985,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,JollyWombat,This takes the ancient treasure that was Rootbeer Tapper and brings it into the modern world with quirky twists that expand on that original game and create a twitchy timing masterpiece.
,Recommended,247020,13997386,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,yahoo,"this game is so good. people always laugh at this game because i guess the title ""cook, serve, delicious"" is kinda funny and cheesy, and they always assume it'll be some boring restaurant sim or something. this is actually a typing based rhythm game where every food item is a little rhythm minigame where certain actions and ingredients correspond to keys on the keyboard, and you get bonus points for how accurate you are to the orders, and following recipes correctly. if you're a fan of rhythm games or typing games at all you'll probably be into this. i've been aching for a game like this for ages personally, as a fan of stuff like guitar hero, and as someone who's pretty good at and enjoys typing.there's a single player campaign mode where you choose restaurant items and make money each day, and buy new equipment/menu items and stuff, and the ""battle kitchen"" mode which is just like a challenge mode. there's endurance challenges where you see how long you can last without messing up an order, and speed challenges where you do a sequence of orders as fast as you can. there's online leaderboards for all the stuff in battle kitchen. i mostly play endurance challenges."
76561198202890467,Recommended,247020,17661905,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,CocoaVixen,Fun and fast paced!
,Recommended,247020,17522852,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Minerva,Once you start to play you won't be able to stop. You will want more. You will want to complete each day with perfect combos. You will want to win every single daily bets. This. Is. Addictive.Never thought grilled chicken should be tendered exactly 6 times.11/10 will absolutely grill everything again
76561197962071377,Recommended,247020,8495276,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,shiftay,fun
,Recommended,247020,17730967,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,20000lbs of Cheese,"A surprisingly deep keyboard trainer.Also, the local co op is pretty fun."
76561198175626118,Recommended,247020,17721068,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,yalkinerk,this is the best cooking game i have ever played...
76561198027602484,Recommended,247020,17722598,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,robmacg,"Great fun, can while away ages. Really good, simple and pure fun."
76561198054669216,Recommended,247020,17342412,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Danger Noodle,15/10 makes me feel like I can cook
,Recommended,247020,18125518,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,autiebug,"I feel genuine shame whenever I mess up an order. Super realistic, 10/10"
,Recommended,247020,16443862,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,janekenstein,"I'm trying to pinpoint exactly why I'm in love with this game. It's adorable and fun and addictive. I've become more efficient at running my super amazing restaurant, and yet, I know I could still improve. The art style is realistic and appetizing, and the sound effects are pleasing. Whenever I play I ended up sucked in for longer than I thought, especially with the addition of weekly challenges and online scorekeeping."
,Recommended,247020,18034927,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Svalbaz,OMG HANDS DOWN ITS THE BEST EVER.
,Recommended,247020,26571864,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,FirmeX,Quite fun for when you are bored on a bad PC.
,Recommended,247020,26719391,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Masquerade Shade,"PTSD Cooking SimulatorPros:- Pleasant visuals- Fun gameplay- Though it's simple, watching your restaurant grow is cool- Almost entirely local multiplayer compatible- JacketCons:- Local multiplayer only- Can get repetitive or tedious at times-PTSDOverall great game, definitely worth a try. Excited for the sequel."
,Recommended,247020,28368824,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Vaharrak,Insanely fun.100% recommended.
76561198176870619,Recommended,247020,23908683,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Pug Almighty,"This game has taken many hours of my life, and now I'm waiting for the second game to come out.  Before that happens, I'll make my resturaunt world famous."
,Recommended,247020,28175956,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Asty13,"This game is really, really fun! I decided to give it a go on a whim, and am definitely not disappointed; it's pretty fast paced and surprisingly stressful at times, but not enough to make me rage quit, but want to try harder. The only time I would not suggest getting and playing this game is if you're pregnant or hungry, because it's just gonna make you hungry/hungrier."
76561197988690673,Recommended,247020,26264369,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,BadMuzzy,Cleaning toilets and touching salads has never been more engaging.
76561197972808408,Recommended,247020,28221092,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Kupula,Unexpectedly fun.
76561198125051359,Recommended,247020,28170293,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,HermitTheFrog13,I WANT 2 NUMBER 9s A NUMBER 9 LARGE A NUMBER 6 WITH EXTRA DIP A NUMBER 7 2 NUMBER 45'S ONE WITH CHEESE AND A LARGE SODAumm sir could you repeat that?  10/10 ign would serve big smoke again.
,Recommended,247020,28701014,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Orangebrew,"GreatHectic and demanding, restaurant managing is challenging and rewarding."
,Recommended,247020,28702567,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,CT,"It's Button Smashing good!Great gameplay,nice music,10/10 worth playing"
,Recommended,247020,29267949,Posted: 15 January,all,arrowslinging,"As a fan of time management games like Diner Dash, this game ticks off all my boxes and then some. The aspect of menu and chore management has enough depth to make you feel like your decisions actually matter and lets you fine tune the way you run your restaurant, which gives you a weird sense of ownership of your virtual restaurant. 11/10 will keep coming back for more justice dispensing."
76561198141552493,Recommended,247020,30401717,Posted: 8 March,all,FaT AlberT,Why is this not an ESport?
76561198264278401,Recommended,247020,30396916,Posted: 8 March,all,mgnkwj2,"Simple, but highly polished and well thought out game. I am eagerly waiting to buy the sequel."
76561198071214033,Recommended,247020,30422445,Posted: 10 March,all,kelsquicker,"This is a pretty great game. Starts easy, then quickly ramps up as you level up. After only about 15 hours I'm at a 5 star restaurant and the restaurant is busy all the time. It gets super hectic during rush hour, and don't even think it's not stressful doing the Iron challenges!This is a good game to play a couple of hours at a time, as your brain starts getting fried if you play more than that!This game can be played exclusively on the keyboard and actually works a lot better if you don't use a mouse.If you like time management games, you'll like this."
76561198107666399,Recommended,247020,8360871,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ChaoticKonfuzion,"This game looked like Cooking Mama, but some reason I enjoyed this game more. It relies on memorization and typing speed. It was fun for the 15 or so hours, just because all the recipes are changing. But once you've upgraded all your food and your restaurant, finished all the side challenges, it becomes an hourly grind for those ""serve 1500 of [food type]"" achievements and eventually the last achievement of serving 15000 customers. The game does get harder depending on what foods you place on your active menu, but eventually you lose the enjoyment. I've resorted to just serving beer, coffee, and fish (or lobster) just to grind out those hours quickly. I'm glad I bought this from the winter flash sale at a cheap price."
,Recommended,247020,8362787,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Venia,"Wonderful game that's surprisingly addictive. Not too complicated but it can be fast paced, also requires some intense multitasking!"
,Recommended,247020,8363486,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Panda sExpress,I've had this game for a grand total of three days and I've already spent 17 hours playing it. I think that should be enough of a recommendation from me.
76561198000368069,Recommended,247020,23079006,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Adrienaline,"The whole idea behind the game is a system of increasingly difficult, increasingly fast paced simple tasks thrown at you until you either can't handle it and make a mistake (or can't complete a dish in time), or until the day is complete. Despite or because of this, it is strongly compelling. Plays very differently with a keyboard vs a controller, and for the full experience, it is worth trying both (although you will end up staying with your favourite after the first couple of plays). Looking forward to the sequel, although the original game should have more than enough dishes to keep you going for a while at least. Online leaderboards don't seem hacked yet. In short, no complaints from me, though this game may not be for everyone."
,Recommended,247020,18960397,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Emilia,"Fun game. I play it sometimes.P.S. Steam thinks I've spent 284 hours on this game for the past two weeks, when really I've probably spent about 3 hours on it altogether."
,Recommended,247020,23405855,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,bagels,"Something I always hate about management and simulation games, when you're good at them, is that you seem to run out of things to do and buy quickly. This one spreads out the earnings and the ability to buy upgrades just the right amount though. If you like wokring for your achievements and everything, then this one will last you a long time.Also, I like the emails everyday. I like the actual menu options and switching it around depending on the weather and other factors. There's really a lot going on here and it's excellent."
76561197977497651,Recommended,247020,23436558,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,JPJ1987,Excellent game with great replay value. Would highly recommend..
76561198054384503,Recommended,247020,23440608,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Dottoman,"There's just something about cooking games that appeals to me.  Add in lots of upgrades, challenges, and lists, and the completionist in me is screaming to play more too.One important feature to note:  You can rebind the keys used in each individual food's preparation minigame.  This may not seem like a big deal, but if you want to make the game a bit easier on yourself rebinding the keys according to whatever mnemonics you have in mind is a godsend."
76561197993794444,Recommended,247020,23368591,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Rampion Rampage,Escape Arstotzka. Get♥♥♥♥♥♥job at restaurant. Still can't get rid of Jorji.10/10
76561198009923203,Recommended,247020,23462983,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Nitrobite,Most addictive game ever. Super fun.
,Recommended,247020,23493393,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,*HoerncheN.♡.irinA.,"10/10 Fast-Food-Restaurant-Employee-Simulator+ Very Original game and character design+ Detailed variety of foods and menues+ Online competitions- The game needs tons of time and patience to be finished- Pretty slow progress- Monotone after a while of playingFor 9,99€ the game is a little too boring - maybe only usable for casual gaming. But if you find it on sale, I would definitely recommend."
76561198202196514,Recommended,247020,23460060,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,paintitclare,CAN'T STOP COOKING!!!!
76561198025979147,Recommended,247020,23427131,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,jem_hadar_630271,"First order of the day was beer, served an empty glass.Closing order was an 'Louisiana Delight' soup.  Boiled up one slice of carrot for them.10/10, would serve social justice again.In all seriousness, the game does a great job of making a very simple concept (speed key memory) fun and addicting by tying in a progressive method of learning and a casual, comedic story/setting.  The game can become fast paced but with strategic restaurant purchases and no severe punishment for doing poorly, one can advance and be proficient with enough time.  Beyond the career mode, the battle kitchen offers decent single challenge events for moderate replay value.  There are some obvious lacking devices a game like this could utilize, and some more dishes/tasks would be nice, but at it's current cost (and ESPECIALLY on sale) it's well worth it.The humour of the junk mail and dating texts actually gets me to laugh.  Worth every penny.I no longer flush when I go at a restaurant."
,Recommended,247020,23509814,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,spiritedrinoa,"I hate cooking most of the time.Yet, I really love Cook, Serve, Delicious. I would cook meals all the time if it was as fun as this game.I really like the co-op compontent to the game, allowing one person to prep foods, and the other to take in orders and serve the cooked dishes. My 5 year old and I play in this mode, and he loves seeing how quickly he can serve things up for me to prep.The Survival Island portion will be the death of me. Dang those nachos!Looking forward to seeing what changes and improvements CSD2 will bring."
,Recommended,247020,23549569,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,speaks_too_swift,Fast paced and lots of fun. Couldn't stop playing. Can't wait for CSD2
,Recommended,247020,23778437,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,floaterjr,"RecommendationRecommendedBase Game ScoreB+StyleCasual ManagementRecommendation SummaryIn ""Cook, Serve, Delicious,"" you are a chef that is cooking food while running the restaurant. You use your keyboard keys to rapidly finish tasks as fast as possible. In involves memory and concentration, and it is a lot of fun. The gameplay is quite casual, and it is interesting and enjoyable. It is recommended for purchase, regardless of whether or not you are hardcore into casual gaming, or you just play a casual game every once in a while."
76561198045399064,Recommended,247020,23775479,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,john.hmfd,"So addicting, can't wait for the next one!"
,Recommended,247020,23817661,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Mugman Al,This game is super fun but gets ridicoulous during rush hours.
76561198203106734,Recommended,247020,19192029,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Slimey213,This game just got addicting to me Even if i just got 1 star im still addicted
,Recommended,247020,23758725,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,LValkyrie ☣,one of the best typing game you'll ever had
76561198056916038,Recommended,247020,23759460,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Necroprancer,This game takes time management to the next level
76561198117834467,Recommended,247020,23745367,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,glub0t,Addictive fun game which make you more appreciate foods you've bought.
76561198061314202,Recommended,247020,23638537,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,cec_ng,Very fun and addictive game
,Recommended,247020,23678341,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,zeldablum,"This is an addictive game, I've played 7 hours so far over the last day and have to force myself to stop and do some work!  It looks like a small and easy game, but it's a lot more complicated than I expected (in a good way).   If you like this kind of game you will love Cook, Serve Delicious and sink many hours into it."
,Recommended,247020,23833351,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,guiltea,It's all fun and games until you play hardcore mode and somebody steals yo money!Can't wait for the sequel.
76561197994971393,Recommended,247020,23831027,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Occupant,"A fun little frenetic game. The mechanics are simple, just little dexterity-based mini games. But the difficulty scales up nicely to find something that will challenge most players. The rapid-fire mini games are a great way to work on your APM, and the parallelism built into the cooking times and the customer queue are a great way to improve your awareness of game states! Combined with the fact that there are lots of cute, clever, and funny details makes this a great value for the price."
,Recommended,247020,23832455,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Dooky ♥,New found respect for actual food servers.
76561198034063850,Recommended,247020,23823226,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Llamadream,"I really love this game, can't wait for the sequel!"
76561197969067861,Recommended,247020,23989505,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,T.A.,"Overall: 4 out of 5- A decent time management game in which you serve tons of customers single handedly.Pros:- Learning curve is gentle. Casual gamers can just hop in.- Yet, there is a certain strategic depth to this game. You need to figure out the best combination of food to serve at least every two days- Great Customizability: Key mapping is customizable to your convenience for each food- Chores give you pleasant annoyance- You will likely lose track of time once you start playing.Cons:- After figuring out which foods are easier to serve than others, it starts to feel repetitive- Not much feel of achievement when your restaurant gets promoted to higher tier"
,Recommended,247020,24087916,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,"IchFreueMichDarauf,VonDirZuHöre",I love it! Its a very fast paced game where multitasking skills are vital.The sounds and soundtracks are on point.I adore the artwork and every detail they have put in to it.This game is my life now.
,Recommended,247020,24058720,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,SuperHasss,"Super fun fast-paced game that keeps you on your toes constantly, trying to balance prepping foods with maintaining your restaurant."
,Recommended,247020,21432141,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Joshelin,"Cooking game in co-op, need else? PERFECT game to play with your sweetheart. It also has online ladders, for weekly challenges."
,Recommended,247020,24035626,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,DIODA,I saw jacksepticeye play this a few years and I liked it. I got money so I decided to buy this game. Its great to play as a time passer and as a fun game.
76561198027117855,Recommended,247020,24041714,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Clint Eastwood,"I think this game is fun, but it is tough! I really like all the management aspects of the game, but the keyboard spamming is far too quick for me to keep up with. Don't get me wrong, I got by on my first few days with relatively few major mistakes (6-14 mistakes per 50 orders or so). I did alright with the chores at first, but they soon overwhelmed me too. I was just a little upset that there is no easy mode. They have normal mode and extreme mode or something, but no easy! Normal is just far too difficult for me at the moment. I would much rather enjoy the game at about 50% of the speed it goes at. Currently I am rating this game about a 7/10 for me, simply because I find it too difficult. I look forward to playing it more soon, but until then I keep my fingers crossed that they will add an easy mode. I know a lot of other people enjoy the challenge, and I understand the thrill of it. I just like to use these games to relax, so relaxing + thrill doesn't really work for me well. I will continue to update my review as I play more, perhaps there are settings I could change or something. Even mod support would be great as I would love it if someone made an ""easy mode"" mod. Frankly, if Very Easy were available as an option I would even pick that.TLDR: Normal mode (currently the easiest difficulty available) was too hard for me. I would like an easy mode. Great game though! 7/10"
,Recommended,247020,24005288,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,mtingles,Challenging and fun!
76561198044413553,Recommended,247020,23992875,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,pagelee,"Surprisingly exciting and addicting.  A great way to practice typing as well. A bit like an old NDS game ""Cooking Mama"" but the pace is much faster and also more complicated."
,Recommended,247020,24036759,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,🅱onk 🅱oi,"Is alot more in depth than you would think. Has alot more custom things and upgrades that can make your restaurant better or worse. Gets very tense later on when your restaurant is so popular that ♥♥♥♥ing Gerorge W. Bush comes to yor restaurant, but of course I've only gotten to day 3."
,Recommended,247020,20496946,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Kamu,"A bit hard, but interesting to play. I'm not really into cooking games but I must admit this one is really cool. Funny controls how you make orders. You have a few good modes in this game, which is even a better option after going through career mode. Couldn't try Coop tho, but I'm sure it'd be fun to try."
,Recommended,247020,20339276,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,KuroAna,Fun game :)
76561198103067526,Recommended,247020,20320520,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,rozabdullah,Delicious!
,Recommended,247020,20331136,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,madock345,Don't every put soup on the menuJust... don't do it.
76561198063417827,Recommended,247020,20337691,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Conscript900,"Fun, fast, and stressful!"
76561198086653975,Recommended,247020,20336893,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Rei Battlecake,Broke my mouse and still had a game to play.10/10 would cook again
,Recommended,247020,20353511,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Night,"Really fun game, got it on a really good discount too."
76561198067904456,Recommended,247020,20525845,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,David,mmm mmmm MMMMMMMMMM
,Recommended,247020,20550462,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Daikee,I finally know how to obtain a star for my real life restaurant in the future! Come to my 5 star restaurant in the future pls!!
76561198084949995,Recommended,247020,19816984,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Will Smith,"Start your own restarunt in a world where only one person can work in a restaraunt. Work your way up to the top. Very fun, original, and colorful."
,Recommended,247020,19547010,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Pennywise's Balloon Weiner,I hate this game.
,Recommended,247020,19708146,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,BlyssPluss,"Highly recommend this game if you like fast-paced button mashers. It's incredibly addictive. I just completed all of the achievements and I think it might be time for me to stop playing (but I don't want to!). Like with Tetris, you'll  be seeing orders in your dreams. It isn't exactly a serious game, but I had a lot of fun playing. It took 37 hours to get all the achievements. Worth picking up on a steam sale. I can't wait for Cook Serve Delicious 2!"
76561198058988408,Recommended,247020,19729626,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,[SAOII]WixSix,tastes well
,Recommended,247020,19833956,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,lenny,It's a nice game. Takes some time to get into it but can be very challenging at times. Would buy in a sale.
,Recommended,247020,19943136,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Jak Ovsum Trade,Just remember to actually add the patties to the burgers and not just cook them.
,Recommended,247020,19929755,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Wightraven,"There's something peaceful about playing this game. It can get hectic during rush hour, but it's just pushin' buttons, man. A nice way to kick back and relax when you wanna play a game but don't wanna think too hard about it."
76561198097252498,Recommended,247020,19970242,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Nom,"ich dachte, dass das spiel nur kurzfristig fesseln würde. nach einer stunde war ich allerdings süchtig :D die ständig neuen herausforderungen halten den spielspass hoch und an die teilweise wilden tastenkombinationen hat man sich schnell gewöhnt. daumen hoch! :)"
76561198025641760,Recommended,247020,19997891,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,kevindriver,If you are in to fast paced games that will drive you crazy with the hectic pace then its worth the $2 bucks. But beware that as far as sim type games go this game was a bit stressful for me. Its good for a few hours of entertainment but once you get the hang of things its all rinse and repeat.
76561198043646765,Recommended,247020,19992443,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Matt,"Fun, addicting and stressful. As you progress, there are a reasonable amount of new features unlocked to keep the game increasingly challenging and interesting."
,Recommended,247020,20017196,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Tiberiusen Banannen,Bought it as a joke and got stuck with if.Really tested my skills.
,Recommended,247020,22252846,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Eggnivia,Very exciting game.This game will train you to become a multi-tasking master.
,Recommended,247020,22256868,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,EmmyJay,"Cook, Serve, Delicious is one of the most addicting, fun game I've played in a long time.I've never been so happy to clean toilets and dishes in my life. Only downside is it totally makes you hungry for things you can't cook irl... and you STILL have to care about customer service. Damn."
76561198046204601,Recommended,247020,22104520,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Waddle Deez nutz,"This game is a fast pace, multitasking, restaurant simulator. This seems to be the only of its kind other than the late-great Diner Dash.+highly Addictive+several unique dishes to cook, each with their own keys for ingredients+several side jobs to enhance variety+Funky Smooth sound track+the perfect amount of difficulty (on casual mode, that is)-If you're a perfecionist, this game will give you a hard time-/+You NEED to be good with your keyboard (do not recommend using controller)-/+Wait for a steam sale, got this for 0.99$ last summer.I've spent many hours into this game and do not regret any amount of playing, it can even improve your keyboard typing skills and reaction timing. Its fun and addicting and I'd recommend it to any of my friends."
76561198109446343,Recommended,247020,22114593,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,The Lazy Gamer,great fun making food and flushing the toilet all the time. chould be better 3/5
,Recommended,247020,22052190,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,meow meow,"its like DDR for cooking, its great. and it'll make you hungry. the best part are the silly names for the recipes, especially the burgers."
76561198160204901,Recommended,247020,22094547,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,MeowFat,"Ya know, they say when life gives you lemons, make lemonade.but in this case, when 5 people are ordering lasagna, and you have upgraded the dish to allow more complex ingredients,and the health inspector walks in after you finished the first lasagna and you have to do dishes because lasagna does that,and then WHOA NELLY ARMED ROBBERY...you gotta keep cool. make them customers happy. its about them. not you.just serve coffee and burgers. you'll be fine"
76561197991103051,Recommended,247020,21964088,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Puddle,Cook Serve Delicious is a fun enough game. It reminds me of game I played in middle school when dodging classwork. You own a restaurant and play a mini game for each item you cook for a customer. You have to rotate your food out to keep it freash and people coming back but theres not much more to it than that.The biggest issue I had is the new food is too expensive to unlock. It would have been nice to be able to try out new a different food instead of being stuck with the same stuff for 2 hours.Other than that though its fun enough.
76561198006065676,Recommended,247020,21913632,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,detective214,Awesome Game!!! Had to really focus and really helps reflexes.
,Recommended,247020,21917580,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Haysheesh,multiplayer.  unlockable stuffs.  scrumdiddlyupmscious
,Recommended,247020,22022153,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Stikboi,"Wow! This is the most realisitic cooking simulator I have ever wisened onto in my 24 years. The complement of alcohol with the game makes its enjoyment factor infintesimally greater. I am confused though, Why does my controller not yield the same results in my kitchen in real life!? This warrants further investigation."
76561198040270431,Recommended,247020,22220598,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,High Speed Blog,This is basically like (don't laugh) Gordon Ramsay Simulator!!
76561198087091511,Recommended,247020,22178692,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,ExGiXツ,Funny Game !
,Recommended,247020,21971307,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,ninja!,"This game is one of those games that makes you dream of PSCR PSCR, BOMG BOMG."
,Recommended,247020,30736527,Posted: 25 March,all,tearfromthered,Excellent rythme / tycoon  mixed in one game. A bit repetitive but a lot of content. I keep coming back for an extra session almost everyday.
,Recommended,247020,22112649,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Feriath,"I'll take a jumbo water with ice and flavor blast, please."
,Recommended,247020,30760448,Posted: 26 March,all,cookiemonsterxo,"VERY fast paced. The hardest part, for me, is trying to remember the keys for all the food items. I say its worth it, if you don't mind fast paced games."
,Recommended,247020,22391053,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,yoshipsi,it's a fun game
,Recommended,247020,22329837,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Saul T.,This game's a love/hate situation to be completely honestI love the game :DI hate having fat fingers :\
76561198257446976,Recommended,247020,23054560,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,ProChoicePriest,The most intense cooking game ever made.
,Recommended,247020,30690591,Posted: 23 March,all,Entropy,"I like making Lazagna.PSCR PSCR PSCR EnterDon't play this game with your mouse.Never.Recommended. I had fun while playing this game. It's not really short, but once you finish it you can try doing the weekly challenges. If you try this game and like it, you can wait for its sequel. It's said to release in 2017."
76561197971863588,Recommended,247020,25481585,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Jonasbridgous,"Excellent, engaging, beautiful sound choices, addictive as all hell, buy it!"
,Recommended,247020,25351902,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,buildauniverse,"Fun, fast paced and a nice spin on time management/cooking games."
,Recommended,247020,25343267,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Boumbalaboum Burger,"Good game ! It's kind of QTE we want : you need to check what people want and do as well as possible ! Game is sometimes hard and sometimes easier : nice ! You've got a lot of things to do, to unlock, to make ... Yeah, it's a good game !Multiplayer is kind of useless, more a single game."
76561198077391488,Recommended,247020,16711030,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Perses,Cook Serve Delicious is a game about hitting keys really fast to prepare food. My only problem with the game is that I usually need to have something to eat after playing.
76561198125315640,Recommended,247020,25412609,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,McMoneyman,"If you're hungry for an addicting game. Then order this game, it will definitely wet your appetite."
76561198052561910,Recommended,247020,25430178,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,JackTR,Great game!
76561198041724205,Recommended,247020,21634769,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,wogrim.pseul,"Frantic but fun, for a little while; I don't plan on playing it any more.It's the type of game I'd want to play for like 5 minutes at a time to spice up my day, but it requires too much hotkey memorization and muscle memory to not play it for much larger chunks of time.I'm recommending this, but be sure you understand what you're getting yourself into."
,Recommended,247020,21646219,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Little Scottish Plum,The only video game I've ever been able to get my girlfriend to play. She beat the game. 10/10
,Recommended,247020,21619482,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,- Tiffanie,<3
76561198145554149,Recommended,247020,21626864,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Vince Staples,20/10 would recommend this game
,Recommended,247020,21712270,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,MuzzledCrayon,"Fast paced but simple kicthen fun! You're the cook and manager of a restaurant in an office tower. Buy equipment, check emails, balance your positive/negative buzz, make orders as quick as you can, and don't forget to stay on top of your chores!There is now the Battle Kitchen now as well, so you can compete with other players on time challenges and things like that. An interesting additon to what the game offers."
76561198123573943,Recommended,247020,21532792,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,dionysus71319,Fast pased and addictive.  Though it can get a bit grindy and repetative once you've gotten used to the pace.  Overall a great game.
,Recommended,247020,21573126,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Frosty,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.
,Recommended,247020,21753881,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Disgusted Noble,"There are two things I love about this game.  One is that it makes me hungry and makes my lunch, dinner and midnight snacks taste better after playing a round or two.   Two is the fantastic soundtrack that puts you in the mood to cook like a maniac and pound that keyboard like a madman.  The latter alone made me play non-stop and not touching my other steam games until I finished the campaign just to listen to the music.One of those rare games where the music alone was worth the price of admission.  And I suppose the gameplay's good too..."
,Recommended,247020,21259431,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Yolkster,IT is not bad
,Recommended,247020,21278459,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Amythiel,"It's an incredibly addicting fun little game. I do see a few flaws with how things are designed, like the meal upgrade prices needing hundreds of sales of that particular meal to make the money back while not really giving you any benefit aside from the slightly increased price at the cost of more complicated orders, or the fact that you can cruise on easy meals and score the perfect day bonus and come out ahead compared to having 6 fairly complicated meals on your menu and not getting a perfect day because well, the meals are complicated and you're prone to making at least 1 mistake.Despite that I still recommend this game, especially if you find it on a sale!"
76561198050379221,Recommended,247020,21265859,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,rotslayer,"This game is rather addictive, but it is pretty much just tests your typing speed, accuracy, and memory once you know what you're doing. You read orders then punch keys as fast as possible without making any mistakes. If you do, you curse then tell yourself you will do better this time.Fun, but I had to make myself stop for touch typing is no way to spend one's life*.*unless you are a secretary or transcriber."
76561198002901208,Recommended,247020,21286339,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Novirtue,This was incredibly fun! Was definitely better than I expected by a long shot.
,Recommended,247020,20383312,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,TheMatboe,"You Cook, Serve uhh Food10/10"
76561198118783308,Recommended,247020,20377546,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Empress,"It's really fun. This game is actually a good way to pass time when you're bored. It challenges your patience tbh. HAHHAHAHA but, good game."
,Recommended,247020,20461943,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,ovolon,"This is really fun. Amazing soundtrack and lots of delicious food to make. The graphics are a little simple and could be better, especially in earlier level restaurants though."
76561197993493763,Recommended,247020,20432416,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,😈SkoobyDoo,"I'm only two to three hours in, but I feel like I don't really want to go on--it's taken this long to even get within sight of any meaningful gameplay change.The game starts with you managing 4 prep stations (which sometimes get bogged down with chores) to prepare food. Yes over the course of the beginning of the game you acquire money to buy new foods to put on the menu, and upgrade those foods, but a lot of the content is gated behind how many stars your restaurant is--you start with zero stars, and you have to go through 20 days to even get to being a two star restaurant (in addition to a bunch of other things that you'd have to be really bad to not have done by day 20). I believe I satisfied all of the other requirements within 8-10 days (around the first hour and a half-ish), and the past ~7 days have all just been the same thing waiting to unlock the next star.The game is neat, and I've enjoyed it, but if this is the pace the rest of the game is going to have I'm not going to be playing much longer. As of right now I'm not even sure I'm going to come back to play out the next three days. I half expect a hard requirement of 50 more to reach two stars.If the trailer, which accurately represents the game, looks like fun to you, the game is most certainly worth a couple bucks to take a look. It seems to have a lot of other modes and whatnot that I'm not terribly interested in but might be good for a go (co-op looks possibly interesting), just be warned of the hard cap on pacing in story mode--it may make you lose interest before you fully get a chance to enjoy the game."
,Recommended,247020,20611273,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Metro Stella,Good
,Recommended,247020,10507986,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Stefan,"Great game, simple mechanics (press button for ingredient, press enter to move on) yet a challenging game, due to the entire keyboard being used overtime."
76561198098392255,Recommended,247020,20576189,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,..,"This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Buy, Play, Delicious!"
,Recommended,247020,20587380,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a first impressions review, and NOT a full review, if you want a full review, then please read better reviews then mineCook, Serve, Delicious!A simple concept can make such a great game! Cook, Serve, Delicious throws you into the restaurant owning business where you have to serve customers each day from morning to evening whilst keeping an active daily menu and buzz and managing your restaurant. The game can be challenging but it is a fun game to play and I recommend that everyone gets the game, just for the fun of it!Now hurry up with the sequel!RECOMMENDED :)THEPCGAMER'S BEST GAME IN STEAM LIBRARY! (What's this? :- Like some games get ""Best Game of 2014"" or ""Best Indie Game"", etc... So I have decided to make my own!)"
76561198212109268,Recommended,247020,26945252,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,mr tacosalad,"i really hope this game wins the ""best use of a farm animal"" award! love this game!"
76561197972355149,Recommended,247020,27066120,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,cheechoo,I forgot to wash my hands.
76561198008711882,Recommended,247020,26885881,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GerbilMaster5000,"This game is simple but seriously addictive. The base game is fun to master, and when you've exhausted that the battle kitchen modes and the game+ hard mode ramp up the difficulty in a bunch of fun ways that can keep you coming back for much longer than you might expect. It's particularly good for when you only have short periods of time, because you can play a round in ten minutes and the battle kitchen modes offer options that will take you anywhere from a few minutes to as long as you can last. I'm really excited for CSD 2!"
,Recommended,247020,26927851,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,I Have a Massive Penis,I like food
,Recommended,247020,26861724,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GeneJeanie,"This game is a relaxation tool for me, despite really only having one mechanic throughout the game. Its the way that mechanic sort of changes over time is what keeps me coming back. Plus the fact that the daily challenges allows me to try a food I would not normally try in the main game. I would recommend this game to anyone that likes casual typing challenges."
,Recommended,247020,26803458,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Qbek,"In short, CSD is probably the most satisfying ""mash buttons in a sequence"" game ever made.The gameplay loop is simple:1. Pick a prep station;2. Read the order;3. Perform the order specific sequence of actions;4. Optionally wait some time and push the station's button again.Learning the sequences required for different dishes and performing them lightining fast is extremely satysfing thanks to a multitude of great game design choices. Many simpler meals can be cooked in a single motion, thanks to how well thought out the 'recipes' are, and the more complex one can be easily memorised (on keyboard), due to logical key bindings, such as all meat toppings in a pizza having their first letter of their name as their hotkey, and all veg/fruit toppings the second letter.Additionally, the visual and audio design in the cooking proces is top notch. Placing an ingredient will often shower the screen with crumbs, the slap with which, for example, the dressing and toppings hit the salad bowl is both visibly and audibly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic and the music matches the mood perfectly, with slower tunes during off hours, and more dynamic, tension building tracks during rush hours and various challenges.Outside of cooking for 12 hours of every day a weak, the game tasks you with trawling through a spam ridden mailbox, taking on catering challenges and participating a cooking show, upgrading your foods and choosing your menu for the day. While the UI can be sometimes suboptimal in those parts, it never stops you from enjying the meat of the game, while adding some spice to it.No matter how you slice it, CSD is an extremely solid, if somewhat limited in scope, game. If you enjoy games that make seemingly dull and repetitive tasks fun, such as Papers Please, you will enjoy this little delicious treat.Do note that the sequel to this game should be coming out soon at the time of writing, and it seems to be bigger, better and with a richer pallete in every way, so you might want to hold back from buying this one at the full price."
76561198123522754,Recommended,247020,26026896,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,NuclearRay,"PSCR, PSCR, PSCR. After the playing the game for a while, you definitely get to know your keyboard. Good game for passing your time."
,Recommended,247020,25931984,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,grimacingmoon,My gf and I booted this game up to just play for 10 min while Dead Space was downloading--we never got to Dead Space.most instense multi-tasking trainer ever.
,Recommended,247020,25641968,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,TrainVII™,"This game can be very very difficult but so rewarding at the same time. This is a very great game and it tests you in many ways that other games don't while making it fun and continually interesting at the same time. Never will you get mad at certain things/dishes while feel like you can do better on them and have fun doing so. This game can also make you frustrated but never at the game; it makes you mad at yourself when you make a mistake or two and/or you could've done better and that's what makes this game really fun. It gives you a continual sensation of that you can do better and makes you continue playing with this feeling (even if you get many perfect days and such).I definitely rate this game 10/10 and highly recommend this game to anyone except casuals. Trust me, it's almost impossible to play this game casually lol."
,Recommended,247020,27532746,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TastyGrue,"This is a fast-paced cooking game, with a few differences. All the recipes can be ""cooked"" using only the keyboard, i.e. no slicing pizza with the mouse or placing vegetables precisely. As such, it feels very natural and over time, you'll begin to remember the pattern of each recipe. You can change the key-bindings (and you pretty much have to if you want to beat the hardest levels) to more appropriate places (on mine, I changed arrow key recipes to I-J-K-L). It's a little slow on old computers, but it manages to get by."
,Recommended,247020,27525811,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ric Flair,fun food click game. WOOOOOO
76561197962176655,Recommended,247020,27482046,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Poo,"Really fun game, play it casually or really get sucked in. It's a satisfying feeling when you get really good at this game and you can smoothly take care of every order. There is a good amount of content in the form of upgrades to your store and to the food. There are also more difficult challenges for end game content."
,Recommended,247020,27538017,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,gerdexter,"Really good game. It's a brillant game, extreme fun.(Not only for the Steam Award stuff btw)"
76561198013648524,Recommended,247020,27463234,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,sharkfreek,"Wow where to begin.  If you like Diner Dash or any restaurant-themed time mgmt, you should love this game.  Actually having to prepare the recipes and take care of regular restaurant chores gives it a realness that DIner Dash doesn't, and the ability to upgrade what you want when you want still makes it customizable.  I also loved that you actually had to think about what was on the menu, as people will pay less if you serve the same thing every day.  The added mini-games with Iron Chef Challenges and office parties is also a nice touch.I played this game using the steam controller and everything went fairly smoothly.  I did end up having to make an adjustment for some recipes that used the touchpads circles, as the ability to hit something you didn't mean to was way too easy.  I also may have made a macro for the lasagna, for similar reasons.  Otherwise I had no issues keeping up with what the game wanted me to do.  I cannot wait for the 2nd game to come out!"
76561198332130867,Recommended,247020,27399922,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gamer_Virgo,BEST COOKING GAME EVER!!!!!! It keeps you engaged and on your toes! IF you love a good challenging cooking game then this is it!!! Well done game Devs!!!
,Recommended,247020,27407667,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DemonGoddess,Just when I thought I started getting the hang of this game... sh** hits the fan! Addicting fast paced game that twists my fingers and brain to insanity!
76561198133384624,Recommended,247020,23544224,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Tony,Cute. Challenging. Sure to get your heartbeat up.I liked it.
,Recommended,247020,12736122,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Kuna the Bear,"The first time I saw this game was on a live stream, and with that I put it on my wishlist. Having picked it up recently... I am not disappointed in the least.The gameplay is simple and tight with an addictive ""1 more day"" type of feeling to it. The feeling of that first perfect day was awesome as well as once you get into the swing of things learning the buttons for each dish and being able to hammer them out with precision. It's a simple concept with a tycoon type feel to it rising from a simple 0 star to the 5 start goal. I'ce only just gotten into this game and I forsee many hours being spent in it. Cook, Serve, Delicious is HIGHLY reccomended."
76561198125178291,Recommended,247020,12208578,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Cpt. Mittens,"Nice silly indie game. takes skill and starts off at a jogging pace. good funThere is only one down side, it makes me hungry all the time and gives me RSI"
,Recommended,247020,12982773,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Spalgra,"A really fast paced Diner Dash, but without all the running around to other tables. A really fun and addicting game, and I have only got to three stars as of writing this review. It's also only $6, I cannot recommend this game enough.One thing that is annoying, though: WHY WON'T MY CUSTOMERS FLUSH THE ♥♥♥♥ING TOILET?"
76561198032231006,Recommended,247020,12978099,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Grahf,"So very fun and addicting, when I first tried it out iI played for 4 hours straight. It can get fast paced and it has a satisfying feeling at the end of each day cycle. The management aspect ties the whole game together neatly and appropriately. I really enjoy the background music, its snazzy and fits the whole game like a glove."
,Recommended,247020,16457388,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ChromaMotoko,"Great and fun game. You gotta be super quick and active when playing this. It's incredibly intense to manage and cook at the restaurant. If I overpound my meat 7 times instead of 6, it's an immediate average and sometimes bad rating.."
,Recommended,247020,16457657,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Cam,"suprisingly fun. Buy it on sale, though. Well made QTE game (who thought I would ever say that!)"
,Recommended,247020,15686822,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,michaelshooter2,This game makes your fingers hurt a lot. I played an entire 10 days of service in a 3 star restaurant and my hand went numb for 2 hours. It is totally worth it though. You get to serve delicious food from corndogs to lobster. 100% reccommended!
,Recommended,247020,13189643,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,BigAssWalrus,"You will need:Yeast - 2 TbspHot-ish* water - 2 cupsBread flour - 5 cups total, 2 for the sponge and 3 for later. (NOT regular flour)Sugar - 2 Tbsp.Salt - 2 tsp.Oil - 2 Tbsp.3 loaf pansQuick-read thermometerOven pre-heated to 375*Hot-ish means between 95 and 115 degrees F.This recipe uses what I call a ""sponge."" The sponge will activate the yeast and get things started; getting the yeast warm, happy, and ready to goStart by mixing the hot water and the flour. Then, add 2 Tbsp. sugar, 2 Tbsp. oil, 2 Tbsp. yeast, and 2 tsp. salt.Knead by hand.Let this sit for about 8 or 10 minutes. Assuming your water was hot enough, it should be nice and bubbly.Now you need to add about 3 more cups of flour. I added a little less this time, it really depends on the humidity and how exact your measurements were in the sponge step.Once it gets too tough to stir, flip it onto a clean floured surface. Now, knead away, adding flour as you do so.Knead the dough for 8 or 9 minutes. As my Mother says, it should be the texture of your earlobe when it's done kneading.When you finish this part put it back in the bowl and cover it with a slightly damp towel.let the dough rise in a warm place for about 45 minutes to an hour. the dough should be about doubled in size by the time it's finished.http://www.instructables.com/id/How-To-Make-Bread-without-a-bread-machine/"
76561197975250433,Recommended,247020,15369040,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Oyster Smiling,"Play co-op with the wife. Both love it.Yelled at her for her terrible lasagna. She acknowledged her lack of skill and promised to try harder.Buy Cook, Serve, Delicious! and save on marriage counseling down the road.Win, win, win, win. Win."
,Recommended,247020,15672449,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,oculareuphoria,This game is addicting to say the least. It makes me hungry every time I play it.
76561198023721423,Recommended,247020,15649479,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Reaper Dude,amazing
,Recommended,247020,15795357,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Dumpling,This game raised my stress levels 10/10 would raise again.
,Recommended,247020,15770672,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Clutchpop Fizzlesprocket,This game is the abused child of Cooking Mama and Gordon Ramsay.10/10
,Recommended,247020,14042975,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,KAPPA,"5/5 StarsCook, Serve, Delicious is a strangely addicting game and i would reccomend it to anyone who likes food and having fun for hours at a time. CSD can also be classed as a memory based game because remembering all the different condiments for the different dishes can be difficult when under the pressure of rush hour which happens twice a day!The art style of CSD is unique and cool because it looks painted which i quite like.All in all a fun casual game to past the timePS: Controller recomended"
,Recommended,247020,13965460,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,WMR,This game is recommended if you don't mind having blackouts of time. Turning off the game takes hours because you won't want to stop.
76561198048843302,Recommended,247020,13759586,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,xxxtiiiaxxx,This game is ridiculous and addictive. Add cooking food and for some reason this makes it a good game. Don't know why but I can't stop playing it. But then again I do like stupid games which involve serving people.I feel as if I should have got a job in the fast food industry.
,Recommended,247020,13760059,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Malipayong Gulang,"This game has very addictive mechanics, it's an amazing game, at first glance it might seem like a casual game, but this game takes so much skill and time, get it if you're in for a challenge."
,Recommended,247020,14143490,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,lain,"A cook game for those who like to feel constantly challenged.. that's what it is. A neverending really interesting and incredibly well done game, each time I upgrade something, that thing become more difficult to serve ;) You just can't get enough of it."
76561198133746882,Recommended,247020,27991833,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,*•.¸♡ Witch-Kun ♡¸.•*,What to skip a heartbeat?then play this game on hard mode.
76561197975528015,Recommended,247020,27944079,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Wavycolt,"Easy to learn, hard to master and a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,247020,27959919,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,JayScriaWarrior,"This game is very good if you enjoy a fast-paced system management-like game. It takes a little while for it to get really hectic and you can easily game the system by choosing the easy, profitable rotations of food but if you challenge yourself, it can be a lot of fun."
,Recommended,247020,27958737,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mithalia,Best.Waiting for nr 2.
76561197994328239,Recommended,247020,27925704,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Rex Kramer,10/10would cook again
76561198013126122,Recommended,247020,27965881,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Fisto,"Nominated for :""The “Best Use Of A Farm Animal” AwardAnimals are rad and almost any game is better for including them. However this game used a farm animal in the best way possible."""
,Recommended,247020,27898256,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,akiraxander,"Fun game, makes you hungry. Asmany have said easy to pick up hard to master. Reallllly hungry."
,Recommended,247020,27902629,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Raqquel,"Very addictive gameplay, and it's fun to memorize the commands."
76561198002920130,Recommended,247020,27577421,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Treyarch26,"Great game, very challenging"
76561198018052709,Recommended,247020,27569096,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Happymush,"Challenging enough to keep you wanting more, easy enough to pick up quickly."
76561198192273723,Recommended,247020,27907542,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Eu Wing,"To the keyboard warriors out there, this is the one for you. A simple graphic content with a whole lot of chores to complete besides serving. All in all its great and I bet there will be more improvements/features coming to the sequel."
76561198018687736,Recommended,247020,27732759,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,pakrat,"This game is well balanced and very enjoyable, provides a good progression of challenge.  Updating hotkeys to align with your typing skills opens up another tier of advancement.  Loved this game."
,Recommended,247020,27730958,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sam,"Addictive levelling mechanics, and people get worse and worse. 11/10"
,Recommended,247020,27738661,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jumpacat,I cooked....I served.....it was delicious!10/10 would cook again
,Recommended,247020,27757852,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Majora,"I love chickens. Especially Fried Chickens. And this game has Fried Chickens.Well, for me this game is somewhat interesting and so addicting. At first you will think that this game is a piece of cake like those cooking game. Well, you are wrong. Just try it and try to cook those spaghetties and soups while yu're washing dishes and flushing the toilet and reporting a crime to the police at the same time."
,Recommended,247020,27762503,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,weebchan♡(ŐωŐ人),Expert at every option in the game but beer.How hard is it to hold the down button for a mere second yet overfill it every time? Ask this girl...
,Recommended,247020,8342922,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Meaty_Ochre,"Multi-task: The Game!If you like the idea of running your own business, but don't appreciate the risk/reward possibilities of attempting it in real life, you should play this game. Want to simulate the fun and or boredom of working a job, but Cart Life is too depressing for you? You should play this game. Want to play Cook, Serve, Delicious, but have not yet purchased it? You should buy this game!"
,Recommended,247020,27402579,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Downs Detector,Believe the reviews within 30 minutes this game will have you completely overwhelmed I HIGHLY recommend messing with keybindings before doing your first real day.
,Recommended,247020,27585033,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Seyren,"It's been years but I still come back to CSD to bang out a few days of muscle-memory driven cooking. I even bought the game again on my phone!I nominated this game for the Best Use of a Farm Animal award because hot damn do the dishes look good.CSD2 is just around the corner, I can't wait."
76561198278329771,Recommended,247020,27601310,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,WinterRee,If only i can cook food this fast in real life
76561198005695451,Recommended,247020,27612728,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Duck,"I picked up CSD during a summer sale for $0.99 and I consider that to be an absolute steal. Although at $2.49 I still think it's worth picking up; it's clear the developers have a lot of love and effort put into this game, and I'm extremely excited for CSD2.When you boil this game down to its base components, CSD 95% time management and hitting specific keys rapidly and accurately (eg, putting the correct ingredients down in the correct order), and 5% strategy/simulation (eg, picking which of your foods are going to go on the menu). However, this simple gameplay still has a significant learning curve and level of complexity.One thing that shines CSD is the sense of accomplishment as you progress. As your restaurant grows, you'll unlock nicer decor and fancier dishes, and you really do feel achievement going from your one-star shop selling french fries to eventually a five-star boutique serving complex arrangements of sushi, soups, and pastas. In that journey from a mom & pop shack to Michelin's finest, you'll eventually master all these complex dishes and figuratively be able to make music in the cacophony of your kitchen. Every key you press is punctuated with immensely fulfilling sound effects: the crinkle of 'L'ettuce as you drop it in a salad or the plop of a scoop of 'M'int ice cream as you prepare a sundae. When you're able to string together a group of complex ingredients and cooking steps, it comes together in this wonderful, satisfying feeling that you'vegotten good at something.I recommend this game to anybody who wants a fast-paced, bite-sized, hectic, and fulfilling game, similar to One Finger Death Punch. Bonus points if you really enjoyed the theme of Ratatouille and the idea of running your own restaurant and cooking in your kitchen."
,Recommended,247020,27566937,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,コーヒーJeb,I keep coming back to this game because it is so much fun. It's hectic but fun at the same time trying to manage orders and not mess them up. Catchy music and art assets are pretty great.
76561198095909615,Recommended,247020,27723588,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,LameGamer,Super fun my man
,Recommended,247020,27781122,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dio Brando's Vampiric Dong,Absolutely love this game! Can't wait for the sequel!
,Recommended,247020,27823841,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Augustus,"An elegant game about balancing priorities, memorizing sequences, and even a bit of managing advantages.There seems to be a bit of a discussion about whether there should be an ""oops"" button, which will allow you to undo an action so you can rectify a mistake. I'd like to have one. But I'm also willing to accept that its absence is a design choice.Either way: Highly recommend."
76561197979335433,Recommended,247020,33130476,Posted: 2 July,all,Fahrscheinkontrolle,very nice game
,Recommended,247020,33212807,Posted: 3 July,all,Here4thePIZZA,I love this game so much. so addicting! 10/10
,Recommended,247020,33222999,Posted: 4 July,all,->V<- Lady Anubis,funny and very addictive. I love this game and got a couple other friends hooked on it as well. even got the mobile port of this game for on the go play cause of how much I love this game. Dont pass up this game. Try something different
,Recommended,247020,33217631,Posted: 3 July,all,Aliisza,I found this game by accident and it easily became my favorite game to play. I recommend it to anyone that loves typing but is tired of just typing words. After a point it's just rinse and repeat to progress but it was still fun to play. I just picked it  back up again to get ready for the sequel and I forgot I was on NG+. After months of a break I should have realized it wasn't going to be easy to get perfect days.
76561198170048439,Recommended,247020,28891595,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,TheMajorAlex,"I feel like a God whenever I put out orders left and right during rush hour. Some people seem to wonder how one can  use the keyboard to play this game, but I'm wondering how in the world they can play it with the controller.Pros- Lots of food items to choose from.- Fast paced, fun, and most of allSATISTYINGtime management gameplay.- More to the game than just the preparation of food.- Fun challenge modes.- Lots of playtime for the price (get it on sale, of course, you dufus).Cons- Gets very repetitive very quick (theHUGESTsetback). You've made one burger, you've made them all.- The game outside the actual preparation of food is uninteresting and boring to me.- The betting system where the food you need is randomized is utter garbage and I rarely use it.- Although there is a lot of playtime, I feel like it takes too long to upgrade the stars on your restauraunt.- Some foods have literally no point to serving, such as beer which just provides negative buzz and nothing else.Buy?:At the current price ($2.49), I would say it's worth it for a few hours of good old fun. However, don't pay the original $10 price for the game, as it isn't worth it."
76561198042874360,Recommended,247020,28880730,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,mtolone,"Not only is the cooking in the game fun, but also it includes many factors that will either make your restaurant owning experience a very good one or a stressfull one. You have the freedom to upgrade and manage your menu and changing certain factors will improve your gameplay or not.This game is very fun and addicting, I can't stop playing it."
,Recommended,247020,28821432,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,sudokucidal,"Very good game, but it gives me axiety about how much it reminds me of old jobs in the food industry. You have to make food as fast as possible or else people will get mad at you. Fun stuff!"
76561198055673484,Recommended,247020,28818294,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,oinkinfinite,Love it!
,Recommended,247020,28990479,Posted: 3 January,all,Socksyyy,very fun casual game
76561198086960182,Recommended,247020,29005829,Posted: 4 January,all,Ryellin,"I usually like those kind of games and seriously, this one is worth every cent I put in it (even though I bought it in sale, hehe). I saw ""hardcore"" and decided this was for me a call for challenge.The beginning is fairly easy (okay, I freaked out and rage-quitted during the first rush hour), and gets gradually more and more difficult.I thought 30 foods wouldn't be enough to keep me busy, but with the upgrades, there actually are a good number of recipe to unlock. I hope you have a good memory...Achieving a perfect day makes me feel like I'm an awesome keyboard smasher warrior cook.Graphisms are pretty, game easy to handle but hard to masterI would definitly recommend and am patiently (not so much) waiting for the second one!P.S. : I was stupid enough to try hardcore mode. I don't know how I'm still alive."
76561198220847272,Recommended,247020,29020409,Posted: 4 January,all,BlueSpark,Going to hate having 8 orders during rush hour...
76561198060651948,Recommended,247020,29021891,Posted: 4 January,all,Centurian44,"I like the is game alot. There were a couple of things I didn't like about it like the Iron Chef challenges were too hard and the menu ingredients were too much to type in, e.g. Nachos. I find it ridiculous that it takes two page of ingredients and type each letter of the ingredients in for one recipe. Too time consuming.  I though it should have been one page only and double the ingreds for one key stroke like some of the other recipes. The wine was lame because it took so long to open it. There were no dessert other than ice-cream. Lastly, it would have been nice to see food get cooked or grilled on the stove instead watching a little clock on the order receipt. I wish we could have moved to another location instead of being stuck in the same building and that there was an easy, crazy, and insane mode instead of just one mode to play in. Other than that it was really good. I'm just bummed that I won't be able to finished the game because of Iron Chef Challenge. Oh, I wish instead of speed test that we could have a sell challenge which would be a nice change of pace since running the resturant is a speed challenge already. Variety of play is always nice."
76561198207083779,Recommended,247020,28991862,Posted: 3 January,all,Zaijka,This game...this game...you just can't stop playing this game.  There is plenty to do and a bunch of modes that make you want to go nuts - YET!  You don't stop.  You can have everything and still enjoy it to the fullest.  and Second One is coming out?!  A CSD crazy good dream!  Thank you for making this wonderful game! :D
,Recommended,247020,28781268,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,7000 miniature mangoes,c ock serve delicious
76561198067125063,Recommended,247020,28781570,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,lzarc,Dinner dash & Warioware lovechild
76561198157386667,Recommended,247020,30989024,Posted: 6 April,all,queen eggplant,"Really loved this game. Played all of the challenges and went as far as I could with accomplishments and got many hours of entertainment out of it. Great art, customizable controls, daily challenges, funny junk emails. Excited for the sequel."
,Recommended,247020,28810341,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,MYstiK MeWTwo,WHERE THE ♥♥♥♥ HAS THE S KEY GONE! SimulatorThen theres insane mode...WHERE THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THE ACTUAL KEYBOARD! Simulator10/10 would use 3 different keyboards again
,Recommended,247020,31996558,Posted: 27 May,all,KidKangaroo,A relaxing game to play after doing hard work. The gameplay maybe fast-paced but there's no real negative consequences for doing badly. The music is real smooth and jazzy. The visuals are hunger-inducing and easy on the eyes.P.S: There's a really high skill ceiling for those seeking a challenge. Would definitely recommend.
,Recommended,247020,32003979,Posted: 27 May,all,LePanderp,"I bought this for the sole purpose of having another local multiplayer game and it's amazing! It's clear that the creators really put a lot of time and consideration into this game and it is definitely on my favorites list.Pros:+Great soundtrack+Funny emails on the in-game computer that include challenges+Variety of foods and beverages+Variety of ways to customize your menu+Easy switch between cook and expediter when playing co-op locally+Variety of ways to cook foods with options for improvements that increase the difficultyCons:+No online multiplayer+Cook, Serve, Delicious! 2 is not out yet. :("
,Recommended,247020,31816104,Posted: 17 May,all,lil lard,"Incredibly fun game! (Definitely one of my favorites on Steam!!) It starts off pretty simple, but gets increasingly challenging and complex as you go!  It also includes many other modes in addition to the roughly 15-20 hour campaign that are great for playing locally with friends.Also, did I mention the campaign features local co-op?!?Definitely reccomend checking it out before CSD 2 drops."
,Recommended,247020,20877229,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,FizzyAppleJuice,I actually sat down and played the game. Now I am addicted. Send help.
,Recommended,247020,18376769,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Note,"Have you ever wanted to COOK? Have you ever wanted to SERVE? Have you ever wanted people to say, ""Mmmm, that was DELICIOUS.."" Then don't go work at a real life resturant! (..U-unless you really want to..) Instead, play Cook, Serve, Delicious, a fast-paced time management game where you use keys on your keyboard (or buttons on your controller) to complete orders. Whether it's cutting fish, pouring beer, or making ice cream, someone's gotta do it, and that someone is you! With tons of foods to prepare, chores to do, and moments to cry about when you make one measly mistake, you absolutely can't go wrong with Cook, Serve, Delicious. ..Unless you're really bad at finding keys on a keyboard (or buttons on a controller), and to that I say...Meh. .-."
76561197984538296,Recommended,247020,31625829,Posted: 8 May,all,animefan42,This game literally improved my relationship with my girlfriend. 10/10
76561198025432956,Recommended,247020,31683428,Posted: 11 May,all,booyeah,"6 times, is all you need to tenderize a chicken fillet."
,Recommended,247020,27734216,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Мудак,"If you don't nominate this game for ""Best Use of a Farm Animal"", I don't know what's wrong with you."
,Recommended,247020,31786815,Posted: 16 May,all,StarMo0n,Très bon passe temps!10/10
,Recommended,247020,31771351,Posted: 15 May,all,Sir Sagit Abrae,Dear viewer of this wonderful game I am writing today on behalf of the Kick it whilst it burms community and I would strongly recommend this beautiful game or else you will become another statistic of the Kick it whilst it burns comunity. Seven blessings to you fine sir I hope you make the right choice.
,Recommended,247020,32477807,Posted: 16 June,all,Kanonite,"Deceptively simplistic, addictive and well worth the price."
76561198043118926,Recommended,247020,32532677,Posted: 18 June,all,Atchy,"Way too much fun! Intense typing, good solid business management simulation.Makes me want to punch my screen each time I screw up pouring a beer. 10/10 would cook again.https://youtu.be/OaeqCrtRyAg"
,Recommended,247020,28000010,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sir Flufferbuttle,The best simulator to make you feel super badass when making lasagna and to lose even more faith in humanity because no one seems to be able to flush THE GODDAMN TOILET!
,Recommended,247020,32404713,Posted: 13 June,all,Fumitol,"Highly RecommendIt gets harder and harder, but you find that with practice you're able to match the speed of the orders coming in.I like the fact that I can make up the menu for the next day."
76561198170019417,Recommended,247020,32396962,Posted: 13 June,all,Ganim Destuard,This game is thrilling. I felt kinda empowered by theflow!I'm looking forward for the second !
,Recommended,247020,32691400,Posted: 23 June,all,KayBeeDoll >^.^<,Got it on the Steam Summer Sale 2017 and it's a cute game! It seems challenging but totally worth it! I hear they are coming out with a 2nd one too!
76561198202791094,Recommended,247020,32688020,Posted: 23 June,all,corym1993,This is an amazing game! I don't think I'll ever get tired of it. Highly recommend it!
76561198086792899,Recommended,247020,32814193,Posted: 26 June,all,tamgasm,"Fun and addictive game with a good sense of humor. It may seem repetitive and basic at first, but the complexity increases at a good pace as the game progresses."
,Recommended,247020,32724703,Posted: 24 June,all,TCU FROGS!!!,"A very fun and addicting game! I can't put it down once I start playing. My only complaint would have to be the money system. It does take a while to get enough money for the littlest things, although I have only been playing for a couple of hours and maybe things pick up. But that isn't a reason to not pick up this addicting title!"
,Recommended,247020,32723603,Posted: 24 June,all,Dayox,"Not played much of this game but when I do I always enjoy myself. It's a game where the only thing you can get mad at is yourself for being an idiot and getting an order wrong. Call me sadistic but I like that feeling.I'll only play it for an hour at a time but it's all I need to enjoy it, and I'll keep coming back to it just to get my fix.Neat little game."
,Recommended,247020,32798165,Posted: 25 June,all,DorianRaker,"I picked this game up because I had recently hammered through Overcooked and needed something else to satisfy my silly cartoon kitchen madness itch. This game is impossible to put down. I'm memorizing key patterns and dervishing across my keyboard with frantic speed, trying not to let the orders pile up, fishing for tips, and fantasizing about that next upgrade.Give it a shot. You'll be hard pressed to put it down."
76561198053956621,Recommended,247020,27610614,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Yosheiß,"The difficulty curve goes up as you play through the game which makes it a hard to get back into if you don't play for a while. It is a short game though.Most of my playtime is while listening to podcasts. I also used it to help with learning dvorak, which isn't often mentioned but this game is like perfect for that kind of thing because of the repetition and it's fun enough that I didn't even notice how much this game helps until somewhat recently."
,Recommended,247020,32845166,Posted: 27 June,all,crazyprsn,I've had some good fun with this game.
,Recommended,247020,32830548,Posted: 26 June,all,noryn4rlp,"Fun, fast paced cooking game where you get to face busy hordes of customers with your keyboarding virtual cooking skills.It has a great soundtrack and really funny emails in your daily inbox too.Plus the visuals are nice, realistic but still cartoony.Awesome game - you can even do challenges and play with others :)"
,Recommended,247020,31324421,Posted: 23 April,all,Sumurai8,"This is a simple looking game, but challenging at higher difficulties. By choosing certain foods you can increase or decrease how difficult a round is. It is satisfying to find that you can memorize recipes and keep up with the orders during a rush hour.This game requires a decent dexterity on a keyboard, being able to rapidly press keys in a certain order without pressing the buttons next to it. I would recommend it, because this game is different from anything else I have played."
76561198024666905,Recommended,247020,31167838,Posted: 15 April,all,Roadman Shaq,"Cook here, so in real life you don't have to."
76561198188873717,Recommended,247020,31345296,Posted: 24 April,all,Charlie,Mind-numbingly amazing.
,Recommended,247020,8764422,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Wittloc,Be Shovel Knight. Eat food.Set mouse traps.An average day.(btw i love the soundtrack)
,Recommended,247020,31394658,Posted: 27 April,all,I prefer cucumbers.,"This game always makes me want to cook irl afterwards. And just like cooking irl, it's fun at first, but sometimes becomes really frustrating.I enjoy the art style and the concept of this game. It reminds me of apps I used to play on my tablet."
,Recommended,247020,31744201,Posted: 14 May,all,GadgetPotato,what are you doingPLAY THE GAME!!!
,Recommended,247020,31730799,Posted: 13 May,all,Brittinias,Very fun and addictive.  I want more.
76561198123637192,Recommended,247020,31561837,Posted: 5 May,all,sock06555,night doesnt come at 15:00
,Recommended,247020,29111474,Posted: 8 January,all,illegalelbow,"Updated review, i once couldnt play this game, until i tried it on a lower resolution, it doesnt play on 4k, lol!I changed to 1080p, works great now, very fun game!!!Get it, you'll have a ball!!"
76561198082942016,Recommended,247020,33300269,Posted: 5 July,all,Inu Reynac,"This game is surprisingly fun for the clusterufck that it is. Resource management game meets guitar hero meets business sim meets time management, and yet it really is charming and simple in many ways, and they do all that they can to help the player. If you like casual games and sick combos I highly reccoment you get this on sale at YOUR lunch rush."
,Recommended,247020,33324983,Posted: 6 July,all,Trakais,"Pretty good, if you like cooking games."
,Recommended,247020,8471581,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Fuckhands McMike,BUY THIS GAME!!! It seems like it wouldnt be that much fun BUT IT IS SOOOO FUN
,Recommended,247020,33985970,Posted: 2 August,all,ShadowRanmaZero,"This game was very entertaining. It gives off the sensation of running a restaurant. There have been times when the game feels overwhelming, but once you find your rhythm, it becomes easy. I enjoyed this game and I recommend it to anyone who is looking for something new. I look forward to seeing the sequel come out and see how far along it develops."
,Recommended,247020,34021900,Posted: 4 August,all,Battlefrog,"I thought that rhythm games couldn't be fun or excel on the PC platform.This game changed that notion. It's an excellent game, and you can spend quite a long time playing this and having fun, with Battle Kitchen, Crazy Dave's Bets, the Iron Cook challenges, catering, the dating, and so on..."
,Recommended,247020,34285178,Posted: 16 August,all,shanaqui,"If you're not a fan of time management and memory games, this might not be for you. It's pretty high-pressure at times, especially if you play on extreme difficulty, and I just about tied myself in knots playing it with the keyboard. However, with a controller, I found it easier to get into the swing of things. It supports a bunch of different controllers natively, too, so if you've got a PS3, PS4, Xbox 360... your controller will probably work pretty well with it,The achievements are fiendishly difficult to get all of, but I enjoyed the challenge, and if you're less of a perfectionist, the levels themselves will be easier on you. (I kept insisting on getting a perfect streak.)"
,Recommended,247020,26636156,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,caffeine.tv/citflux ??,disclaimer: don't play while hungry.
,Recommended,247020,34535631,Posted: 27 August,all,Pandabear,BEST.GAME.EVER.
,Recommended,247020,34336137,Posted: 18 August,all,Muggle$ the Girl Pug,"This game is super addicting! If you feel like you are good with a keyboard, this is a great game to test your typing skills. You have to pay attention to detail within the recepies they give you. One little mistake and you've ruined your perfect streak! Challenging, but  addicting and fun!"
,Recommended,247020,21985357,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,isabella,"10/10, I cooked, I served, and my food may or may not have been delicious."
,Recommended,247020,34363196,Posted: 19 August,all,Agent00Funk,Don't try to multi-task while playing. You've been warned.
76561198196710502,Recommended,247020,34611939,Posted: 30 August,all,Mr Ditkovich,Where's the lamb sauce!?!?
76561198076409141,Recommended,247020,34928544,Posted: 13 September,all,Simmile,"It's insane that I have not written a proper review for Cook, Serve, Delicious! I absolutely love this game and come back to it to continue to fufill the orders of my imaginary, hungry customers. The game adds a variety of challenges as you upgrade your recipes from one star to five stars because you have to not only remember all the ingredients but the keys assigned to those ingredients, especially the actual keys when you want to be faster than when using the mouse. The weekly challenges were great as well because you got to put your skills against others and make your way up the leaderboard. I wholeheartedly recommend Cook, Serve, Delicious 1 especially if you're interested in getting Cook, Serve, Delicious 2, but unsure. Honestly, I am sure it will be great too!"
,Recommended,247020,34928463,Posted: 13 September,all,Bruce Leader,"I am an animal with over 1,000 actual hours of playtime in this very, very, very fun game. It's as casual or as hard as you demand, constantly scaling to your skill level during the campaign. It's 1 to 1 controls are tight as hell, and if there's any key binding you don't like, you can change literally anything in the controls menu. There are never any mistakes that aren't completely the player's fault, which is frustrating but also incredibly rewarding.If the campaign becomes too easy over lots of playtime, you can always take your skills to the ""eSports"" leaderboard where you try to do as many orders as fast as possible for as long as possible. This mode is incredibly fast and will prove challenging to even the most skilled typists.  I myself couldn't string 10 orders together in this mode. Now I am #8 on the leaderboard with over 380 perfect orders in a row.Even people who consider themselves ""casual gamers"" can find loads to enjoy in Cook, Serve, Delicious! The campaign's pace will start slower if you make enough mistakes on the first day. This is really helpful for learning the game naturally and the game picks up its pace to match the player once they start doing well and demonstrating familiarity with the controls.Its an extremely grind heavy game focused on repeating variations on the same task over and over again, but it keeps it interesting with a constant stream of upgrades to equipment and recipes, and by having extremely tight and customizable keyboard controls that should never frustrate you.Unbelievably inexpensive for literally over 1,000 hours of glorious playtime.The music can get slightly stale after so many hours so I reccommend finding some sweet jazz tracks once you get bored, this game is even more amazing with jazz."
76561198054236894,Recommended,247020,31094275,Posted: 12 April,all,Diemist9- HisinfernalDeath,"i love this game !i have over 100+ hrs played and still goingi recommend this to anyone who wants to play something different!cant wait for cook, serve, delicious 2!!!!"
76561198116087373,Recommended,247020,35212949,Posted: 25 September,all,The Blue Waffle,"Although it might seem stupid at first glance, this game is honestly one of the most fun games that I have ever played."
76561198300796632,Recommended,247020,35212266,Posted: 25 September,all,Britwaffle,You will fall down a rabbit hole of time management. Fun for those who enjoy these types of games.
,Recommended,247020,35034051,Posted: 17 September,all,Pastorn83,"A great game combining fast paced service with elements of management.I work as a cook (no I wouldn't say chef...yet) and to wind  down after a stressful day at work I relax with an even more stressful day in CSD! When the orders stack up, the dishes has to be washed and the health inspector is monitoring my every move I transcend into the bluriness of a hectic service only to emerge as a new man ready to do the exact same thing the next day. And I love it!I'm still only at one star so I have many more hours of frantic fun in front of me but I can allready say this; CSD is a great game!"
76561198040884709,Recommended,247020,35055538,Posted: 18 September,all,JoeFro10,"""my hand hurts""-ign 10/10"
76561198010298167,Recommended,247020,35109467,Posted: 21 September,all,Sara,Fab game. Difficulty scales well and it's addicitive enough that I couldn't not complete the game.
76561198128811900,Recommended,247020,35330237,Posted: 30 September,all,mrsriddoch,"great game, if u like abit of a challenge then this is the game for you especially when you progress in the game."
,Recommended,247020,35434299,Posted: 2 October,all,Yato,I LOVE THIS GAME IT'S WORTH YOUR 10$ PLEASE BUY THIS IF YOU CAN I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THAT YOU BUY THIS NOW
