user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,247240,12290022,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Daemien,"Now that I'm a working adult, I rarely have the energy or time to play games. Even the most engaging epics (Xenoblade Chronicles, Skyrim, etc) can only hold my attention for a few hours, MAX, before I need to do something else. Maybe it's because they don't feel as rewarding any more, or the stories just aren't as engaging as they used to be, but I know that I peeled off the ""hardcore"" label from my gamer card long ago.I tell you this anecdote because I just spent nearly 10 straight hours playing Volgarr, and didn't even realize it.This game is a pungent distillation of everything that I loved and hated about video games in the 80's and 90's. Back then, memory was at a premium, so in order to make a game feel like it was worth the $50 price tag, developers make them hard as nails in order to extend the play time you would need to devote in order to complete the game. This meant hours upon hours of committing each level, every enemy and all the boss patterns to muscle memory, and knowing how to react in each situation. It was an arduous process, but when you finally mastered a level and beat the boss, you felt like you had accomplished something. I realized, upon completing Volgarr, that this is what I had been missing from most modern games, where victory is all but ensured.Volgarr is hard. Words like brutal and unforgiving don't really do it justice. Its smartly hard. I had quite a bit of trouble with the game, and actually gave it up for almost a year after I got stuck on stage 2. When I finally picked it back up this weekend, I approached it as a puzzle game; each encounter, every enemy's placement and movement, was done with care - all I had to do was find the pattern and ""solve"" the puzzle with Volgarr's moveset. This made every advancement feel like a real victory, and this game is one of the first in a long time to elicit actual cheers of joy when I completed a stage for the first time.Volgarr never felt cheap, exploitative, or unfair. I died hundreds of times, repeating stages over and over, but it never made me angry or frustrated, only determined. Determined because every playthrough got me a little bit further: into the next room, understanding a new monster's attack pattern, or solving a new section of platforming. Every death had an ""aha!"" moment attached to it. If I died at a section I had played through before, it was 100% my fault. Overall randomness is low, so it is extremely rare that a strategy you succeeded with once will fail the next time.I could wax poetic telling you about how good the controls feel, or the quality of graphics and music, but there are lots of other reviews for that. I simply wish to convey how satisfying this game is to play, and how accomplished I felt (and hopefully, you will too) when I beat each and every stage. I experienced a range of emotions, from trepidation, anger, fear and elation, something that few modern games can achieve, even with their grandiose storytelling and advanced visual presentation.I'm not going to assign a number value to my review, because I think that trying to quantify any gaming experience is fairly pointless. Games aren't commodities with certain valuable characteristics, like a vacuum cleaner or toaster oven. Ultimately, what each person gets out of a game really depends on what they expect, what they like from an interactive experience, and how the game meets those needs. Games, in this regard, are like art, and you can't rate art, you can only relate how it makes you feel.Volgarr challenged me, it made me feel young again, and it gave me a sense of accomplishment.I dig it."
,Recommended,247240,7951000,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,alistarr ah,"This game is so good that I wrote a poem about it in the style of Seamus Heaney's translation of Beowulf, in a bid to entice one of my friends to give it a chance.Men of courage! Listen to my challenge!My name is known in the northern lands and beyond,And my deeds are famed far and wide.Volgarr I am, the most valiant of shield-bearers,The adventurer and slayer of ancient gods.Let this hall's strong pillars and hearty ale protect usFrom the rain's cold water, and the howling wind,As I stand proud and alone to tell my story.Sea monsters I have slain, and giant serpents;Winged beasts; howling barrow-men; bloodthirsty lizards.My mighty muscles and quick mind protected me,As they shall serve any of you who now support my cause.Have courage, and use all your cunning,and overcome the fear which first strikes all of us.Those who doubt my deeds will feel my dagger -Yet, those following my guide will know great glory.It's also one of very few games to score higher than 10 on my personal rating scale, which is based on how many days it distracted me from Street Fighter 4. It's a good game!"
,Recommended,247240,10117218,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,DesuChan (freudxxx),"This game reminds me of Ghosts n Goblins. It is very challenging. It isn't a bad game by any means. In fact, it is very well designed action platformer;  it is just very challenging. I only recommend this game, if you want a very challenging but good game. If you are looking for a game you can breeze through, stay far, far away from this game.To give you an idea of how hard this game is,  I can't believe I've been playing this game for over an hour, and I still haven't beaten the first level. I have never played a game, aside from the original Ghosts n Goblins, where I haven't beaten the first level within an hour. And I bet you it will take several more hours before I finally get good enough to beat the first level.This game is very challenging for the following reasons.First of all, it only takes two hits to get killed in this game. You can increase your hit points to three hits with an armor upgrade (so you can get hit no more than two times), but that's about it. By default, you better not get more than once, or you are dead.The levels are long, and full of hazards and enemies that can kill you. The checkpoints are few and far between, so you have to last for a very long time without getting hit. Lastly, many of the enemies and hazard are VERY cheap, and there is no way you can avoid them  on your first encounter. Sometimes enemies and hazard can appear out of no where and kill you before you can even react. This can be especially frustrating when you made considerable progress, and then you are sent back to a checkpoint, losing five or more minutes of progress in the process. The only way you can avoid these hazards is to first get killed , know in advance that the hazard is coming, and then avoid it.Also, you have to beat an entire world/level before you can save, and the worlds in this game are very large. If only you can save your progress and start from each sub-section of each world. That would be nice. But no, this game requires you to beat a very long and difficult level in just one-sitting, so you better have good endurance.Basically, the only way you can make ANY progress in this game is to play the levels over and over again until you can reach the end in one sitting.  You need perfect precision to avoid getting hit in this game. In other words, you need VERY GOOD hand-eye coordination, and LOTS of trial and error before you can beat this game. You need to memorize the entire level, where each hazard and enemy is, and play almost perfectly (get hit no more than once) to reach each few-and-far-between checkpoint and beat each level.Luckily, this game gives you unlimited continues. You can continue from the same checkpoint as many times as you want. Thank god that's the case, because you will die many times until you reach the next few and far between checkpoint. If you had limited continues, this game would go from very challenging to downright frustrating and near impossible.Control-wise, this game is very responsive and accurate. The only downside is that, like in Ghosts n Goblins, your character cannot change his direction in mid jump, so you need to be very precise in the timing and positioning of your jumping; otherwise, you will get hit and DIE.Overall, this is a well-designed, albeit very challenging, action platformer. It remains me alot of Ghosts n Goblins, because of its stiff jumping mechanics, challenging level design, two-hit deaths, and medieval/fantasy setting in the format of an action platformer."
,Recommended,247240,13857967,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Pakkidis,"Overview: Retro Style 2D action PlatformerThe Good:+ The developers intentions were to create a retro 2D action game and in many regards succeeded wonderfully. This game is easy to learn but hard to master.+ Great controls+ The game is hard only because it requires memorization of the level and enemy patterns to succeed at the game.  With only 6 levels each only taking around 10 minutes to complete...IF you know what you're doing. If you are playing for your first time then expect each level to take roughly over an hour to complete.+ Only one checkpoint per level. (This is an old school 2d action game after all!)+ The game has a normal path and a hard path to complete. You can only unlock the hard path by successfully collecting treasure chests throughout the level without getting hit.+Three different endings depending on which path you took.+ Great sound and musicThe Bad:- Warning! may cause stress, frustration, and other bad feelings.ConclusionA game like this is difficult to review in modern times because the developers intention was to create a game a few decades earlier.  This game borrows heavily from Ghosts n' Goblins.  It was ""refreshing"" to play an old school game, it makes you realize just how much easier games have come."
,Recommended,247240,10753582,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,CinemaFromage,"I had a good childhood.  My parents were pretty lenient, I was allowed pretty free reign on what I did growing up.  It was pretty sweet.   The reason I decided to bore you with this little anecdote mind you...is because one of the few times I remember getting banned from my Super Nintendo for a week was due to Super Ghouls and Ghosts.   That game was hard as hell and instigated fits of anger on a regular basis.  Controllers were broken, swears were shouted loudly, and about the time the controller bounced off the screen of the TV as I screamed ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!"", it was all over.Despite all that?  I still loved it.Enter Volgarr the Viking.  That little love song to Ghouls & Ghosts was written, because Volgarr is a love song written to Ghouls & Ghosts.  The game feels straight out of the Super Nintendo long box.  The challenges are unrelenting and difficult from the very beginning.  Yet, there's a lot of nostalgia and enjoyment packed in here that leads you to keep hitting retry and going back over the same deaths time and time again.  Veterans of Volgarr the Viking will say that the game is easy and comes down to memorization.  Sure, it does come down to memorization.  That memorization comes from a drive to perfect the game and push through to the end that leads to you eventually become a master of the game.  Just like its predecessor, Super Ghouls and Ghosts.  (Important note:  No, I haven't mastered yet.  By god, I will though, just to spite this game!)And yes, the loud swearing still happens with Volgarr.  Not the controller breaking though.   I mean, I'm an old man now; I'm above throwing and breaking controllers.  Not from any kind of evolved self-control mind you, simply because I know what it costs to replace those things!  That and the dirty looks I get from my wife when I start teaching our kid colorful ways to insult my PC."
,Recommended,247240,7855653,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Squire Grooktook,"Volgarr is a pretty cool action platformer with a slower, more methodical pace than most. You can't change direction mid jump (except by double jumping), your melee attack is very short range, and your projectile locks you in place for a second unless you do it in mid-air, so you really have to commit to your attacks in this game.It's pretty much a thinking man's action game. It rewards precise timing and execution, but it's very difficult to get out of bad situations unscathed once you get put in them. The emphasis here is more on carefully figuring out how to safely go about things and avoid getting trapped, and the game is excellently designed in this regard: there's tons of different ways to get past obstacles, the level design is really clever with a lot of attention to detail, and the game generally feels pretty fair even when it's hard (though some of the bosses do jump off the deep end into pure trial and error).So if you want a thinking man's hack and slash platformer that doesn't leave you feeling ""oh, I should have reacted to that faster"" when you die, but rather ""oh, I should have thought that through better"", than consider Volgarr since it does a fantastic job of accomplishing that."
76561198006509182,Not Recommended,247240,31691792,Posted: 11 May,all,Xelos,"I'm sorry, but I feel more annoyed at the game than I enjoy it.The gameplay is good (it would be excellent if not for the stiff jumping)The presentation is also great, bot visually and when it comes to the sound design.I like the moment-to moment gameplay, and the chalenge is enjoyable.HOWEVER.The way that checkpoint and powerup works, the only way to beat the stage is to know it well enough to speedrun it.It killed all my interest in the game, which is a great shame. If there were 1-2 more checkpoints on the stage (including one before the boss would be great) i would absolutely love it. As it is, it's a game more about level memorisation than skill or reaction time.Just add a bloody easy mode for filthy casuals like me please. There is nothing wrong with more options."
,Recommended,247240,17210320,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Burn,"This game is great. Very challenging but rewarding, precise controls, and varied enemies. It isn't very forgiving because you're supposed to complete it in one sitting, but it is a lot of fun if you put in the effort. There are plenty of secrets hidden in the levels, and you'll learn new things about the game every time you play it. Definitely a very good game, but it might take you a while to realize it.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=470028156http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=549189667Unlocked all achievements!"
,Recommended,247240,9673069,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,SlaveDeMorto,As hard as my morning wood.
,Recommended,247240,9926204,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,fenrir,"This game made me feel like a BADASS! ... After fifty or so attempts to beat the first level that is.The game is unforgiving, extremely hard and a down right pain in the ***  when you're redoing the same level for the hundredth time. However! It's as, if not more, rewarding as it is hard. Punching your sword through a giant skeletal monster has never felt more satisfying and savage in any other game.If you like a bit of challenge and want to be the ultimate badass try this. It won't disappoint!"
76561198103488755,Recommended,247240,33907669,Posted: 30 July,all,Caldozo,"I have played this game a lot and it's really good. Every level is well design and paced, teaching players everything they need from the very beginning of the game even though it's really difficult. Völgarr the Viking takes many influences from many others like Ghouls' n' Ghosts, Castlevania, Strider and Ninja Gaiden and tries to iron out any minor annoyances it's predecessors had like leaps of faith, reaspawning hard to hit enemies and life systems.The last thing i would have to say about this game is that once you get used to it's mechanics, know every enemy and platforming section, It will make you feel unstopable and awesome at the same time. This game might not be for everyone and might make rage quit a lot of players but this game makes everything you did to completed it worth it and that's what a game should strife for."
76561198025132727,Recommended,247240,15452169,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Korriban,"Do you remember those games you used to play 20 years ago, that were ridiculously hard and you couldn't get pass the 2nd stage ? Well, Volgarr the Viking is their grandson.[TL;DR at the bottom as usual]1) INTRODUCTIONThis is a game that, for those who were born in the 80's like me, rings many bells (Ghosts 'n Goblins, anyone?). Volgarr is an old style 2D arcade platform that shares many aspects with games like the one I just mentioned, first of all: the difficulty. You WILL die in this game, so many times that you will reach new levels of frustration that you didn't even know they existed (unless you already experimented them by playing videogames during the 80's and early 90's ... I did). However, even as I died every 10 steps, I couldn't stop playing. The game purpose is to make you learn by your mistakes; did you try to kill that enemy by throing a spear at him but he killed you ? That must be the wrong approach then, keep that in mind and try again. Learning each level by heart is the key to achieve victory: one step too much, one hit of your sword that is not timed correctly, a double-jump too high and you're one step closer to your doom. Oh, I almost forgot, did you see that hole in the wall that shoots arrows ? No? Ow, sorry you're dead.2)TECHINICAL ASPECTS***GAMEPLAY 9/102D sidescroll platform, there isn't much you can do. 4 movements : Left, Right, Jump, Crouch and 4 actions: roll, sword hit, throw javelin, die. Ok, that was a joke... you can even block with your shield by standing still, so I guess there are 5 actions you can perform. Also, your javelins can be thrown at walls to create platforms (usually secrets are hidden high up in the levels). There is also a zoom key that will allow you to see further than usual and you can toggle it, it is useful for obvious reasons and you basically play with that always on, I don't see why you shouldn't.Good thing about the game is that you can play with a keyboard or a joypad, and you can bind any key as you see fit. Speaking of actions and buttons, I wish there was another action you could perform, which I believe it's kinda coomon in games like this one. I'm referring to the action that allows you to jump down a platform by passing through it. Usually you can do that by pressing down+jump, but hitting those keys will make you roll instead. I guess this is a choice made by the devs rather than a flaw in the game, I admit that kind of action would have made my life easier in some occasions.As I said before, you are challenged by the difficulty of the game, if you die you start from the beginning, no savegames, and no checkpoints until you reach the end of the level and kill the boss. Then you can start the game from the latest level reached (but with basic equipment).Yes, you have some equipment and it represents your total hit points. You start with a sword, a wooden shield and unlimited javelins. You get hit once, you lose your shield (you can block attack with the shield but only 2 or 3, then it breaks); you get hit twice, you die. If you manage to find equipment, without getting hit, you gain more equipment and hitpoints: a better shield that can withstand unlimited hits, a helmet that will boost your attack speed and a flaming sword that does double damage. There is also a special item hidden in every level: Thor's Mjolnir. This is basically an♥♥♥♥♥saver in case you get hit; the power granted by the hammer will wipe almost everything on screen and you will lose its power but not your equipment.***STORY ???/10You are a viking raised from the dead by Odin, you go chop chop and that's all. No storytelling at all, this game is minimalistic [<---overstatement] on this aspect. That's the way it was in the 80's, the limited memory space available didn't allow for cutscenes or much text on screen and the game strengths were its gameplay and graphics. However, even though this game doesn't need a story to be played, I would heve been happy to hear something more than ""Rise Warrior!"" spoken by Odin. ""Yeah I have risen, now what Odin? You want foot massage? Coffe? Ow, killing! Sure! Sorry, I should have guessed. Killing, ok, but what ? Everythig ? Well, allright, no problem, cheers mate, see ya later!""Anyways, I don't think I can judge something that isn't there, but only the fact that is missing. The game seems to function perfectly even without a story, so it's not much of a bad thing, but still I feel it would have added some epicness to the game.***GRAPHICS 9/10Pure 80's 2D style, I like that. Sprites and animations make you go back in time (if you have been). If you didn't grow up whit games like Contra, Gosts 'n Goblins or any other similar titles you might not feel the same as I did while playing Volgarr. Animations are simple, both yours and those of your enemies, maybe a bit too much, but there is nothing wrong with that if you think about what Volgarr the Viking wants to be: an homage to the classical era of videogames.***SOUND 9/10I had goosebumps when I first heard Odin's words: ""Rise warrior!"". It reminded me of a game I used to play on the SEGA Mega Drive: ""Altered Beast"". In that game you were, like Volgarr, resurrected from your grave by some sorcerer who spoke almost the same words ""Rise from your grave!"". Maybe I'm too nostalgic, but I'm almost sure that's been done purposely as an homage to that game, which is much alike Volgarr.For what concerns the rest of the sounds in the game, I can say that ""Volgarr the Viking"" is coherent with the 80's style even under this aspect.3) TL;DRIf you have played hard platform games during the 80's and loved them, this is the game for you.Volgarr will keep you playing for hours challenging your memory, your refelxes and, most of all, your patience.Overall score 8/10"
,Recommended,247240,34207386,Posted: 12 August,all,Piggsy,"I love this game.  When I'm finished, I'll play a relaxing game of Dark Souls to unwind."
,Recommended,247240,19328085,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,br4t,"This game makes Dark Souls (Not really an apt comparison but in terms of difficulty), Super Meat boy look like casual games. Only comparable game I can think of in terms of difficulty is Wings of Vi. I am usually pretty good at platformers but MAN this game is unforgiving to the maximum. Only buy this game if you are looking for a real challenge, This game is definitely not for casuals.Pros- Great and Simple controls- Easy to learn and hard to master gameplay- Excellent retro music and feel to the game- No checkpoint before the boss (Just like oldschool games)- 3 different endings according to the path you choose.- This game+metal = match made in heavenCons- Game causes mental anguish sometimes.Fun FactOnly 25% of the people who own this game have beaten the first level.VerdictGet it if you are a typical masochistic Dark Souls fan and like retro games."
,Recommended,247240,10119049,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,ManiacMal,"Here is a game that will kick you in the balls and you just ask ""can I have another please?"" ""would you please shove that up my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ again?""  It is very much in the spirit of what made ghost and goblins the reputation it had at being one of the hardest classic games in the 90s era.  Playing anymore of this game would be hazard to my health and throat....♥♥♥♥  However it does what it was out to do, frustrate and for that hats off devs....you win...this roundhttp://youtu.be/lKOUUk8RfnM"
,Recommended,247240,12836620,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Spider-Muppet,The day I finish this game will be the day I become a man.Highly recommended for anybody looking for a challenge in the spirit of Ghosts 'n' Goblins.
76561197995268626,Not Recommended,247240,10148628,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Velvet Eyebrows,"A decent platformer letdown by a ridiculous saving system. Yeah I understand the game is meant to be hard, but I expect it to save my progress at the end of each stage, instead, it starts you at the beginning of the game if you don't finish the world that you are in.By all means take us back to the age of 8-bit & 16-bit consoles, but give us the ability to save at the end of a level. This does not make the game less difficult, but more convenient for those that like to play their games in short bursts."
76561197969815123,Recommended,247240,8021101,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,theBIGsalad,"********THIS GAME IS VERY HARD, BUT VERY BEATABLE*********CASUALS AND RAGERS LOOK ELSEWHERE***************This game gave me the most massive nostalgia boner that I've ever had while playing a retro style game.  If you grew up playing games like Rastan and Ghosts N Goblins, then this is the perfect game for you.  Volgarr can be brutally difficult at times, but when you develop a routine for a level, you feel like a MEGA BADASS!Some features worth noting are :-you are a BAMF Viking that chucks spears into walls that are used as platforms-NO SAVE POINTS after turning off the game-3 different endings based on performance-if you play like a boss you get to use a FRIGGIN FLAME SWORD-an achievement that uses a He-Man reference!I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THAT YOU DO NOT WATCH OTHERS COMPLETE MISSIONS BEFORE YOU HAVE!!!!!  Part of what makes this game so great is the satisfaction you feel after you have developed your own routine for a boss run or playthrough.  Speedrunners have got this game down to under 20 mins, but most people that like to learn on their own will take hours trying to figure out what works best for them.  10/10 will play again......"
,Not Recommended,247240,29623961,Posted: 1 February,all,Absolútne halušky,"This is the epitome of the most annoying ""do this perfect sequence of actions in order or you gotta do it all over again"" games."
,Not Recommended,247240,21347630,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,WZ,"A peculiar game that is a perfect illustration of how one poor design decision can ruin everything. Kudos must be given to the developpers for creating a game that is very impressive in many respects. I have no criticism to offer when it comes to the presentation, ergonomy, core gameplay or level design. This is 2D action platforming at its finest. A great homage to Rastan, Ghouls & Ghosts, and many more.However the devs have made the conscious decision to include almost zero checkpoints. There is one checkpoint mid level, and that is that. No checkpoint before bosses either. Since this is very much a try & die game, with long & challenging levels, the result is that you will be replaying the same sections, over and over, and over and over, until you are sick to death of them. One mistake can & will set you back 5 minutes or more. This will happen many, many times. This is basically balanced for NG+ from the get-go / for people who already know the levels by heart. The joy of discovery & the fun of the challenge offered are completely ruined by the sheer numbness of repetition.This is a common complaint & one that the developpers have chosen to ignore - instead writing a impossibly long faq, listing reasons/excuses why they would not. These range from ""the game can be completed in 20 minutes"" ( sure, in a speedrun world record ) to ""git gud"". The kind of arrogant attitude one expects to see from young players, not professionals. It is worth noting mosts requests are most not about making the game easier. The difficulty is part of the experience, and is much appreciated. The only common request is to have a decent number of checkpoints. Not excessive, simply decent. One or two more per level is all it would have taken - at least for the first playthrough.If you value your leisure time, I regret to say, the right move is to avoid this one."
76561197992772401,Recommended,247240,19537007,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,vindicatethis,"Took me 2.9 hrs on record to defeat the first boss, now it just seems so simple.If you like the unforgiving,  old-school arcade games that make you rage after an easy mistake makes you lose all you focused and tried so hard to get and start from the top... then get this game.Difficult to play, but fun as hell.10/10 would spend 3 hours to clear a level again.Ps: You remember that video of M. Bison going: ""YES!!...YES!!!"". Well... everytime you achieve your goals in this game; it's like that."
,Recommended,247240,7745505,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Kattsylt,"The strange thing about me is that i love platformers even though im aboslutely terrible at them. Most of them i just uninstall after a few hours but this is one of those few i stick with, mainly because i love the style and gameplay; I love it enough to keep trying even if i've suffered more deaths than any player in this game will manage to accomplish, even if they are deliberately trying to beat my record.* The game is hard, it took me (remeber that im terrible) 4hours to complete the first world which consists of two stages, which are about the lenght as an avarege super mario level.* The graphic is oldschool but very pretty* The music fits perfectly* The controls are quite easy to learn and responsive, but remeber that the hero is a viking and not a ninja. If you ever played Castlevania on Nes, its pretty much the same. So you cant just rush and mash buttons to complete the levels"
,Recommended,247240,8655827,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,nexen,Nails the look and feel of an old skool side scrolling arcade game. Brutally difficult though. I wish it had a mode for scrubs like me.
76561198063116291,Recommended,247240,32326382,Posted: 10 June,all,neverritt,"A truly challenging game with good payoffs; however, I hesitate in recommending Volgarr the Viking due to how frustratingly hard it is. The challenge is mostly trial and error moments where the player must learn how enemies and obstacles operate. It begins to feel repetitive and unfair, but it makes the victory so much sweeter - the sixth world is the highest point, as understanding all of the game's enemies will likely make you feel like a badass.In the process of making this Volgarr the Viking similar to classic, challenging platformers, I feel that some conventions are better left in the past. The jumping felt clunky - Volgarr can only change his direction in the air by double-jumping, and it will be the cause of several deaths. You may skip to worlds you have unlocked by walking left (better than completely starting over), but exiting the game means voiding all progress in that world, including that level that took half an hour to figure out.Not for the faint of heart and not a casual game by any means. I am glad to receive the worst ending and put this behind me."
76561198003061371,Recommended,247240,16085822,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Lenny,"Nice simple design. Its basicly the game you wished for 25 years ago. I enjoyed it alot, mostly while watching series on the side."
76561198095653687,Recommended,247240,9711468,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Forest Bandit #12796,"An excellent, rock-hard platformer with rock solid mechanics.A very satisfying experience."
,Recommended,247240,7756666,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,McDuders,"One of my favorite games on the NES is Zelda II.  It had all the feelings of being a 2d fantasy sword-and-board platformer, where you can get into cool sword fights with skeletons, use magic, and do all kinds of cool moves.  Unfortunately, besides Battle of Olympus (eh...), there's not really any game that feels like Zelda II.  No game, that is, until Volgarr comes along, and shoves everything I love about Zelda II into one place, like being able to use your shield to block enemies, and using the down strike move.  I saw the trailers and some playthroughs of the first level, and I instantly fell in love.  Volgarr the Viking is the Zelda II I've been looking for.It's not just those things that make Volgarr such a great game.  All you have is a sword for close range attacks, and a spear for long-ranged attacks, and using it against a wall will give you many platforming possibilities.  Throughout the game are treasure chests, and hitting them twice will give you an item that will power-up Volgarr with a piece of armor or weapon.  More stuff out of these chests means more hit defense on your character (up to 3 hits), and getting a flame sword means doing more damage to enemies, so the game rewards you for doing well.And trust me, you'll need every piece of armor you can get.  It may not look like it from all of the trailers and gameplay videos, but this game is hard.  Regardless of your gaming experience, you will die.  A lot.  This isn't Candyland the game.  This isn't Seseme Street: Count with the Count.  This isn't Diablo III.  You will die.  Not only that, but each stage has a checkpoint only half-way though the game.  That means if you die on a boss, you go all the way back to the half-way point and have to do the rest of the stage plus the boss.  Is it frustrating?  Yes.  Is it teeth-grindingly difficult?  Yes.  Is it rewarding?  YOU BET YOUR SECOND-BORN SON IT IS.  You get exploding treasure when you beat a boss!  If that's not rewarding enough for you, than you need to see an optometrist.The way I see it, the game is not NES hard.  NES hard would be falling off a cliff because the game won't let you get a hit off of that supid bird.  NES hard would be getting knocked back and forth all over the place because the game thought it would be best to have 2 enemies side by side.  This is more SNES/Genesis hard, where it's tough as steel, but fair as a ref.  I see people play this game, and they get frustrated.  What's to be frustrated at?  It's not the game's fault you fell into those spikes: YOU jumped into them.  It's not the game's fault that you ran into those arrows: YOU didn't roll in time.  The game's fair but difficult challange gives me more of an incentive to complete it, because I feel like I'm not cheated when I play it.  I played the whole game.  I died a lot.  I never felt angry or frustrated the whole way through, becuase I knew the reason I keep dieing is because I didn't learn.In video games, what kills you makes you stronger.To conclude, I absolutely love this game.  It's the game I've been looking for for a long time.  I'm surprised people who are usually into hardcore games didn't this game a try.  This game has every bit of hardcore and more.  So, if you're into fun, fair, challenging platformers, give this a go.  The demo is a free download with barely any space holding it up, so what have you got to lose?This game will kick your♥♥♥♥♥ but not if you kick it first."
,Recommended,247240,10116626,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,rally,A pretty honest and legit homage to unforgiving old arcade games and not a meme-filled nostalgia parody.
,Recommended,247240,32704510,Posted: 23 June,all,Los Petrovsky,"I came here searching for hardcode retrogaming 2d action and I found it, I'm less than an hour into the game and just beat the first level... damn, it is amazing, the first boss is the right level of difficulty, like in the old good games you go from ""This is impossible"" to ""ok... I think this is the right way to do it"" to ""I don't know why I was not able to do it at first"" to ""I'm such a badass""You won't breeze your way trough Volgarr but you won't spend your whole life either, this is a great game,  the price seems more than fair for the amount of countent and fun it offers and on sale is a steal.If you like hard-enough retro games and have a hard time finding the good ones, and you are till wondering if you should get it, just get it and become a badass."
76561197965804358,Recommended,247240,11924888,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,AmBrew,"It's a shame to see so many negitive reviews for the simple fact that it's hard. This game rewards persistence; the more you play and die, the more you learn about how to tackle certain obstacles. Learn from your mistakes! It's extreamly satisfying when you complete a level, something that many modern day games lack. You cannot button mash your way though this game, you need to think about each situation and work your way though it slowly (a little bit like Spelunky). Death is punishing as their is only 1 checkpoint per level, so take it slow and be cautious. The level design is great as are the monsters and the graphics will satisfy every pixel art fan. I highly recommend this game to anyone who appreciates a good platforming challenge. I cannot recommend this game to people who are new to platformers, or with bad timing/hand eye coordination."
,Recommended,247240,27533169,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Grumpy Old Dwarf,"Pros:- Fun- Challenging- Frustrating- Rewarding- Engaging- Great controls- Fun level design- Old school- Volgarr is an allround badass- Playing Dark Souls feels like EZmode Skyrim when compared to this gameCons:- None, unless you think that sore thumbs, several broken gamepads and hours upon hours of shouting mean words at the screen is a bad thing"
76561198044479470,Recommended,247240,32890828,Posted: 27 June,all,Brolaire of ASStora,"A nod to how difficult games used to be, Volgarr the Viking is a very difficult game of precise memorisation and timing. Unlike what the negative reviewers tell you, there are indeed checkpoints after each stage you simply have to turn back after you spawn in each to get to the stage you were at. Each level is satisfying to finally complete, after the litres of blood sweat and tears you will shed. Have fun!"
76561198067828915,Recommended,247240,28916185,Posted: 1 January,all,SolomonsDespair,"This game was made as a love-letter to a very specific sort of gamer and game experience. I come to this title though more as an outsider, someone who played some 90s games but never really went to arcades or spent dozens of hours perfecting the way I finished one specific game level. I came to this game mostly based on a few friend recommendations and some gameplay clips, as a fan of pixel-art and platforming.The Good: I really admire this game's design focus. After just a few minutes of play it was obvious that the developers had a specific vision for this game and they pursued that vision with dogged determination. Everything that did not directly support their vision was stripped out, leaving a pure experience behind. Read the developer's description of the game and you will find it closely matches what gameplay is actually like (the description is not full of hype but cold hard facts). For me it felt so much like a 90s platformer that when Steam notifications popped up during gameplay it was almost jarring.The Bad: Because this game is so focused on giving the player a specific experience if you find you don't like that experience the game quickly loses all charm. You progress through levels by memorizing every step of the level, learning when to throw spears off screen to kill enemies you haven't even seen yet and where exactly to stand to avoid attacks that haven't even started yet. There is no room for different play-styles, personal touches, or emergent storytelling of any kind. There is almost no randomness or exploration of any kind, with this game rewarding players who have the memory and finger-precision to do the same thing over and over. As a result the game is as brutish as the titular Viking, and as exacting as his well-sharpened sword. And that's okay because that is what this game is supposed to be. Just make sure that what you want from this game matches what this game is designed to give you, otherwise it will just be a waste of your time and money.The Verdict: I recommended this game because it does what it is supposed to do, and it does it very well. If what you have read about this game so far is really resonating with you this game will likely be a good buy. But I personally did not enjoy my time with it, mostly because it doesn't match my own gaming tastes. There are a few friends I know though who still love their old platformers, and I might just let them know that this game exists."
,Recommended,247240,34809590,Posted: 8 September,all,CountGrishnackhh,"There are several reasons this game is among the greatest within it's genre. First off; it's enemies are in predetermined locations and rarely deviate from a designated pattern. What this does is allow players to develop a level of cognitive memory in the same vain as classics within the Ghosts'n Goblins and Contra franchises as well as the more recent Demon's/Dark Souls. Basically, you learn as you play and improve with each mistake. eventually you will develop the reflexes required to navigate the later challenges in the game.Second. This games weapons are a sword and a spear. unlike the aforementioned Ghosts'n Goblins and Contra this game makes you use the same two weapons throughout. this works, in my opinion, better due to the games level design being built solely around these two weapons. The Spear is especially impressive due to it's many functions (and trick shots when you get the hang of it). It was also very smart for the developers to give the spear the same base strength as the sword so that it can be used as a primary weapon instead of a 'panic' or spamming weapon.Third; this game maintains the 'stiff' double jump as seen in Super Ghouls'n Ghost [SNES]. The level design is perfectly catered to this jump standard and despite what you may think, it actually makes things easier when you get used to it as it locks you in almost grid like jumping patterns. This ultimately helps you gauge distances better based on the games design.Fourth; The challenge. Although many critics and users will immediately dub this a ""Hardcore retro game"" it should be noted that it's actually easier than your standard early '90's 16-bit Platformer. Checkpoints can be found in the middle of each stage and before entering the next stage but, you have Infinite lives (unless you play the tougher ""hard"" difficulty levels). The levels aren't overly long and there is only 6 levels on the main route so with a bit of practice it's not bad at all. Enemies don't even act randomly (except the ghosts but they move very slow) so that is a huge help in the muscle memory department.The only thing I would consider ""Hard"" for newer players would be the fact that there is no checkpoint directly before to the bosses (like in Mega Man games). I can see this being trouble for some but the bosses have very simplistic patterns that can be learned with some dodging and observing before engaging.Overall, being a huge fan of this kind of game, I can honestly say that Crazy Viking Studio's nailed it. I would even go so far as to say it's actually better than most classics found in the arcades or on the SNES"
,Recommended,247240,28552277,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Benji,Its like a puzzle game but with murder instead of puzzles.
76561198067203774,Recommended,247240,24845348,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,wickedcity1234,Proper old school arcade action in the style of Rastan except better. Tough but fun - I keep returning to it.
,Recommended,247240,18743289,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,ejf328,Intelligent game design. Intense difficulty that never feels unfair. An excellent game. I would recommend it to any fan of challenging games like Super Ghouls and Ghosts.
,Recommended,247240,9866889,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Matcho,"Top 5 SNES, and its not even a SNES game"
76561198094301834,Recommended,247240,24001588,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Tacovendor,Hard as balls in winter.  This game has the unforgiving nature of games that came out for the NES or the SEGA.  What i mean is that u progress little by little having to learn enemy partners and enemy layouts on the level before u can final complete the level kind of like when u first play a level in megaman.   You have 1 life as u progress thro the level u can pick up armor that increases ur health by 1.  Everything in this game wants u dead and it will more then likely take u multiple attempts and deaths to beat the first level and every level after that.  The rage this game invokes is up there on the super meat boy levels.  I only recommend this game to people who are dedicated players otherwise u will play get frustrated and prolly rage quit.  That being said its not a bad game its a very good game but a very difficult game.
,Recommended,247240,16101182,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,DJINN8,"If you grew up on NES and Conan the Barbarian then you should play this game.  Yes it is seemingly fairly difficult on some spots, but with persistence you may make it through.   5 Severed Lizardmen Heads Up!"
76561197979381899,Recommended,247240,22891609,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Bloodwright,"If you liked the Taito classic Rastan, you'll love Volgarr.  In fact, this is what Rastan should have been."
,Recommended,247240,34227122,Posted: 13 August,all,DarkKingBowser,"I've seen a lot of people complaining that the game is way too hard or unfair or controls badly, which is complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I don't play Ghost 'n Goblins because it's easy, I don't play Spelunky because I enjoy not advancing. I play them for the challenge and for the feeling of accomplishment after every level I beat.Volgarr the Viking requires more skill than luck. In the first world there is a checkpoint at the beginning of the world and a checkpoint in the next room of the world; that's it. You must study enemies, know how many hits they can take, how to dodge them, and when to attack. Once you understand these things the levels become easier and easier. Every death is a learning expereince, every single foot into the unknown gives you more knowledge for your next attempt. Chests give you upgrades that help you kill enemies but dissapear once you get hit. Get all the upgrades and any enemy in your way will be obliterated.I recommend this game highly, especially for a low price. If you like Ghost 'n Goblins, Rogue Legacy, Crypt of the Necrodancer, Castlevania, Spelunky, etc. you are going to love this game.Now if you'll excuse me, I've got some fish to spear."
,Recommended,247240,34297746,Posted: 16 August,all,WckeD,hard as hell but is really good game.. everyone should give this a try
76561198032615472,Recommended,247240,9688112,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Louve,Something that will keep me over until Dark Souls 2 comes out on pc.
76561197968134295,Recommended,247240,32949354,Posted: 28 June,all,Elessar,"One of the best, challenging sidescrollers I've played.  Highly recommend it."
,Recommended,247240,9906660,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,LesFleursDuMal,"One of the most enjoyable, controller-throwing, experiences I've ever had. This is a 2d Dark Souls."
,Recommended,247240,7971085,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Emerald Witch,"Be the viking... Or die trying, a lot! Having actually finished this game I feel qualified to recommend it to anyone who likes extremely difficult platformers. Volgarr is something of an anomaly, a game that could have been made back in 1990, but works so very well today. It is not the same kind of fast paced action featured in games like Super Meat Boy, though. It is slower, more deliberate, and much more violent. Every movement must be deliberate and you will die a lot just figuring out when to jump, what the boss pattern is, etc... However, you do get unlimited lives and the most you have to backtrack is maybe 5-7 minutes after dying to a boss, if that. If this doesn't sound like fun to you, it might not be, but it feels great once you've mastered the levels and bosses, eventually being able to clear them without even getting hit once. Oh, and you do get armor pickups that enhance your abilities and you can take 2-3 hits before dying depending on your items, and can block most ranged attacks. The game is very fair, just very hard.There is a lot more to the game than most people will ever see, as well. By completing levels perfectly (or near perfectly) you gain ""lives"" you can use in extra-challenging alternate levels. There are 4 or 5 of these, and when you run out of lives in them you get dropped back into the main game levels, at which point you can try to win them without getting hurt again and get back into the alternates. There are 3 different endings based on how many of these you complete.I'll wrap up with a quick tip for anyone who buys the game and wants to actually finish it... Press left on the title screen to warp to the next level. You can keep doing  this all the way to the end game tower assuming you actually beat the boss of the level you're skipping over."
,Recommended,247240,7736926,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,Janos,"If you love games like the Demon/Dark Souls franchise, this is the game that's right for you.A massochist."
,Recommended,247240,7757484,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Jtwo,Super awesome game. Belongs on the Sega Genesis. Like a 2D Dark Souls. Buy if you like mastering punishing repetitive games.
76561197965028274,Recommended,247240,8341818,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Locke Sage,"Epic, Oldschool, Action game! If you get the chance, don't skip this game, you will not be disappointed!"
,Recommended,247240,10646793,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,CaptainQQ,"I kind of did a review on it. This is a wicked sweet game. Super hard but you if you pound through, you get a real huge sense of accomplishment.50 second reviewhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36EXExB7uy4"
76561197987755126,Recommended,247240,7530255,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Phoenix Eraser,"Genre: Action, Aventure, Indépendant, PlatformerDéveloppeur: Crazy Viking StudiosÉditeur: Adult Swim GamesDate de parution: 13 sep 2013Les + :- Univers- Un hommage graphique réussi aux vieilles machines- De quoi transpirer pendant un bon moment- La (presque) absence de sauvegardesLes - :- La (presque) absence de sauvegardes- Nécessite plus de mémoire que de maîtrise (ou pas)- Deux armes seulement- Pour les non-avertis : beaucoup trop dur- Pour les masochistes : des boss trop simples16/20You can't stop the rock !"
,Recommended,247240,9987376,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Fatal Framerate,Pretty badass.
,Recommended,247240,10766613,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,omgchips,"Volgarr the Viking is a fantastic action platformer that harkens back to the 16-bit games of the Sega Genesis era. It’s a colorful game with tight controls and well-designed levels, most of which are broken into two areas with a challenging boss waiting at the end of each. Unlike many modern games that allow progression with minimal commitment from players, it has an unabashed difficulty that demands the player master enemy patterns, learn ambush locations, and find secret power-ups. People looking for a challenge akin to what you may find in a Souls game will find a lot to like about Volgarr the Viking. It’s highly recommended that you use a controller for this game."
76561197960441633,Recommended,247240,7719472,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,SlothfulKing,"An excellent old-school action-platformer. It's extremely challenging, but oh so rewarding."
,Recommended,247240,8430894,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Lissi_86,"Totally worth the money. Takes you back to a time when games like ""Gods"" were a thing. It does not hold your hand however, so don't expect an 'easy-mode game'. Controls are awesome and the presentation - music and graphics - is genius."
,Recommended,247240,9271606,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Squirrelswarm,"Oh man, this game is great. It's a pretty hardcore platformer. The game focuses a lot more on memorization than anything else, but the game feel is what makes the game really stand out."
76561198079657556,Recommended,247240,9658708,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,The Leviathor,"VOLGARR THEmotha♥♥♥♥inVIKINGOKAYWhere do I begin?This game is manly as hellIt's Liam Neeson's Oldspice of video games.Get good or get deadBoy, oh boy. Is it hard as heck?Deal with itThere is nothing bad about this game.Except for the fact that there isNO SAVE SYSTEM.at all. That I know of, yet. I haven't beaten the first boss lolAnd the soundtrack isn't produced by Amon Amarth, your number 1 go-to source of Viking theme melodic death metal. However the soundtrack is pretty awesome.By Odin, does this gameplay slap the beard onto Thor.It's so simple, yet so elegant, so♥♥♥♥♥kicking that I actually let out a battle cry out of frustration. You have a sword, spears, and basically everything else is ripped from Ghosts N Goblins.As a part time viking, I cannot reassure you enough that there has never been a more accurate portayal of what a viking does on a day to day basis.Prepare to pull the ladies. Just walk up into a bar and let the girls know that you play Volgarr The Viking and start collecting panties.Volgarr himself can lift more than a Russian housewife.Put some hair on your chest and buy this game.Side effects include: insane sexual stamina, face tattoos, sudden bearding, random spouts of♥♥♥♥♥♥and pillaging, a dope accent, and Dwayne Johnson-esque muscles.Don't recall fighting Sleestak in The Land Of The Lost in Norse-lore, however."
76561197987884806,Recommended,247240,9809005,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Roidtank,"♥♥♥♥ THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME, ♥♥♥♥!"
76561198054779830,Recommended,247240,9584240,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Necrovirus,Frikkin awesome....Frustrating as hell though... totally worth it.
,Recommended,247240,8041959,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Beat,"Wow. This game is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing good! A total throwback to Genesis games, and boy, is it brutal! I highly recommend this to anyone who loves classic games and enjoys a challenge."
,Recommended,247240,7326483,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,RykerrK,"Graphics: 8Very sharp, great animation.  Pulls off side-scrolling pixel art wonderfully, and straddles the line between classic and modern with a dash of expertise.Music: 8Nice jaunty tunes to kill things to.Controls: 7You have to understand that the game wants you to do things in a certain way.  You may want to change trajectories mid-leap, but if you leap before looking, you will be punished.  That said, the controls ARE generally intuitive and execute your commands well.Fury factor: 10You will die.  A lot.  If you're one of those gamers who needs to do everything perfect in one run for maximum points, you're gonna be making a few runs.  Probably more than a few.  This game is HARD, which is definitely where most of its appeal comes from.You should buy this.  It's pretty freaking hardcore."
,Recommended,247240,33023178,Posted: 29 June,all,fakename,"This game simulates NES-era action platformers, which means the controls are unforgiving.  You can't change your jump arc, for example.  However, that means once you learn a section of a level, you will be able to do it the same way every time because your inputs will always produce the same result.So once you beat the game, it is easy to zoom through it again for speedruns or challenge runs.  And in fact, beating any stage without taking a hit will allow you to get special items that unlock bonus levels.  That part of the game was too challenging/time consuming for me, since you basically have to start from the beginning if you make a mistake.Still, the base game is worth playing.  It has really nice pixel art, some of the best."
,Recommended,247240,28479374,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,haqqmisra,"I never had enough quarters to pass the first stage of Rastan back in the arcade days. Volgarr the Viking hooked me immediately as a modern polish to this antiquated style.The controls are an honorable representation of the 1987 Rastan arcade machine while adding new techniques and features to give the game added depth. The length is about right with six stages in two parts each, plus a boss, which keeps up the difficulty without becoming too tedious or repetitive.Volgarr the Viking sets a high bar for action sidescrollers with a genuinely challenging experience. Recommended only for gamers with grit."
76561198031586463,Recommended,247240,29060977,Posted: 6 January,all,TheKnife,This is hard as steel guys....
,Recommended,247240,24549042,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,bluex44,"Tip: Take it slow. This is not a game you rush into. Be observant about what's coming up next.You'll swear that you remember this game from ""back in the day"" even though it wasn't around when you were a kid. This game is tough, but fair. You will have to memorize where the enemies are, their patterns, and how to defeat them, but not in a way that seems boring, unfair, or cheap. There is a genuine feeling of accomplishment when you figure out how to get through an area. Your deaths (there will be a lot of them) always feel like your fault, and not the fault of the programming. You would have lived if you would have pressed a button just a split second faster, timed a jump a bit better, or remembered to roll at just the right time. The controls are tight and responsive. If you remember the golden age of the Super Nintendo and Sega Genesis rivalry, you'll feel right at home here. It's tough, but rewarding. You might rage quit after failing to get through a section over and over, but you'll eventually come back to try again. I highly recommend trying Volgarr the Viking.A highlight is that there is no long, drawn out story. You start playing immediately. When you die there is no game over screen, you just start again at the last checkpoint. The ability to get into the gameplay so quickly makes this game perfect for picking up and playing when you have a free moment. There is no fluff between you and the action.NOTE: You CANNOT steer while jumping. Once you commit to a jump, you have to wait for it to play out. This was not a problem for me, I barely even noticed it, but many people can't adjust to this play style. You have been warned."
,Recommended,247240,24190284,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Deft,10/10 - Would ragethrow my controller across the room again.
76561198002124849,Recommended,247240,29908054,Posted: 13 February,all,Fou-Lu,"Very difficult and challenging but never unfair. You'll die a lot, but once you figure out the patterns and tricks, you'll feel like a badass viking in no time."
,Recommended,247240,30484463,Posted: 12 March,all,Mechakitty,"Völgarr the VikingReviewed by someone who thought was a calm personOpening CaseI bought Völgarr 2 years ago and played for a while, 3 or 4 hours to be exact, never got past the second stage, so I raged quitted pretty hard, the thing is, I didn't hate the game, I hated myself for always making the same mistakes and getting caught in easy to avoid traps, I had just finished playing hotline Miami so I wanted to do everything really fast and reacting at everything as the came, something you should not do when playing Völgarr and here's why:GameplayVölgarr is pretty straight forward, when you start the game there's nothing on the screen but Odin pointing right, and as you walk though a no more than 2 minutes of tutorial to teach you the whole game there's not much challenge when your commands consist of jumping, dodging, attacking and throwing a spear, seems easy right? and to tell you the truth it is, as long as you master these 4 actions you'll finish the game without problem.And it may sound easy at this point but I assure you I've never played anything harder than this game, maybe because I'm impatient, but it's so easy to mess up, and It's never really something's fault besides your own, enemies can be dispatched easily with one to two hits usually, and if they take more than that I assure you they're really slow and have really easy to read attacks.The main of the game is the platforming, it is your worse enemy for it cannot be killed, it has to be dealt with, once you jump your arch is set, you do have a second one where you can change the way you're going, but I'd say it's only on the game to make it easier, I don't thing you really need it to go through any platforming.SoundtrackBuy it.GraphicsI want to say background are a little bit lackluster but the truth is they had to be, otherwise I wouldn't fit the arcade feel, also it would make paying attention to enemies and traps harder with too much on the backgrounds, although I can't say about simplicity on the enemies, they're all really well made, they might look simple on the quick to judge eye but the amount of color shading going into every enemie and boss is awesome!"
76561198164541853,Recommended,247240,31249887,Posted: 19 April,all,jetski42020,"Brutal hard, yet brutally fair."
,Recommended,247240,12835872,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Count_Hong,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5hTWRXva-M&list=UUOBR0IDcI3CndYZz1kpJd4A
,Recommended,247240,7807803,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Fett,Much hardcoreSo brutalVery vikingWOW
,Recommended,247240,12371742,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,SupaChan,"whatever you do, dont decide to make a drinking game with ur friend the first time you ever play this game...otherwise...  this game is the best drinking game ever... take a shot/sip whenever you die... and whenever you die you gotta pass the controller on lol.... fun times...in all seriousness, this game is a blast from the past and a reminder of how hard games used to be... if your bored playing the same old on the rails ez pz stuff you see nowadays, give volgarr a spin!you finally get past the first level thinking your a boss... only to realize lvl 2 is 2 times harder... once u get to level 3... well then i guess you realize the game has just begun lol"
,Recommended,247240,12474560,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,level 61,"A fun challenging game that requires you to sit down for a while and commit to beating a level, which is not often shown in most games nowadays. Definitely worth it if you want a challenging old style game that makes you feel like a viking badass"
,Recommended,247240,9691706,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Veng,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is amazing. Tight controls, you have control of volgarr. Very punishing game-play but also very fair. Most levels are superbly designed and fun to explore. The game isn't perfect and some levels looks amazing and some just look meh. same can be said of the bosses; the snake boss looks amazing but a lot of the others seem to be a reskin of enemies you fight in the level but with a gimick. I have only completed ending 'a' at this point and havn't gotten to the other bosses yet so i can't really comment on their quality. Really recommend this game; it is a blast once you start kicking♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197962655102,Recommended,247240,10942286,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,,A very well done old school game
,Recommended,247240,10400797,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,PoopaPapaPalpatine,"It took me 3 hours to get to the second part of the first stage. Either I really suck at this game or it's pretty tough. Hell, it may be both, I'm not sure. What I can say is that this is a lot of fun. Old-school fun.It's like if Castlevania had a one-night stand with Ghosts 'n Goblins and that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child was severly tortured growing up; seeking escape and life-lessons through Conan the Barbarian.In the three hours it took me to inch my way forward, I learned what the riddle of steel was. I ask those who would seek this challenge and solve the riddle, ""what is good in life?"""
76561198064733975,Recommended,247240,16148353,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,bryan.leach,It took me 3 hours to beat the first level. I haven't had that happen since I was 7.
76561198049425107,Recommended,247240,10281229,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,DBZeke,"Great Game ,defiantly woorth the money. It's a very unforgiving game, but keeps it fun. Its kinda like the dark souls of 8-bit gaming."
,Recommended,247240,11002373,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,keithsboredom,couldn't get past the Man-Bird-Lizards on first level10/10
76561197967345935,Recommended,247240,274600,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Glen,"Are you getting tired of the ease with which all life's obstacles are tackled? Are you looking to give yourself a reason to curse the heavens and pile drive a family of bunnies into the cold, hard dirt? Look no further than Volgarr the Viking to stir you up into fist clenching rage while delivering a kick of nostalgia to the nutsack that will have you cheering once again for passionate and challenging game desgin. Take a break from the shooters and the looters and play this classic arcade era revival. You won't regret it...or will you? Only Volgarr can tell."
76561198048640488,Recommended,247240,11512616,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Hylian Assassin,A great side scrolling game with multiple endings that keeps getting harder as you get farther along. Can be annoying at first but the levels stay the same so with time you'll know where all the enemies are laying in wait and know how to deal with them.
,Recommended,247240,16189354,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,DevinHal,"This game was made by Satan himself. This is by far one of my favorite games to play when bored, or if I'm just wanting to rage at something that day. I got this free on my XB1 with Gold one month a while back... Progress? I made it to the second world about 6 months later!! This game by far has made me rage nonstop, so when I saw it as a deal on Steam one day I had to own it. Regardless as to my deep hatred of this game's hostiles I still love it.Pros--Being a barbarian! (I personally call my sword in-game my ""Swaggin Sword of Slaughtering""-Fighting lizards, toads, and more! (Not sure what else, seeing as I haven't made it far enough to find out!)-Hidden items (I would tell you where some are at, but find out, it's how I did :) just swind sword at random walls and jump with sword down randomly. Oh plus throw spears at random parts to try to climb places)-Perfect gift for that person who always rages at anything! (Results may vary. Upon them starting this game I would evacuate the facility)Cons--Rage (I advise removing any valuables from the premises of where you shall be playing this game)-Controls (if using a keyboard this game can be a little ""impracticle"" at times to use keyboard)-Deaths (every time you die you are sent to the beginning again, unless you've made it past a checkpoint. There is usually one per world, as I've noticed. Savor every checkpoint as though you are Tallahassee and it is a Twinkie)"
76561198027181452,Recommended,247240,16334469,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Olympicadeus,"I like this game a lot, but it is hard as hell.If you can live long enough to get the Viking helm, metal shield, and flaming sword, you'll feel like an epic badass. But you'll quickly be cut back down to size.This is the dark souls of retro arcade action games."
,Recommended,247240,5305609,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,NTeamHero,"Very well designed 2-D side scroller in the vein of Rastan and Super Ghouls n' Ghosts that can be frustrating at first with frequent deaths, but incredibly rewarding  the more you play and clear levels."
76561197973052125,Recommended,247240,9691917,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Lord Dyran,Hard but fair.
,Recommended,247240,9748686,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,ManOfPewter,"I am easily able to enjoy tis game despite not growing up with old-shcool retro hard games. Frustrating but fair at the same time, i was never able to blame the game for dying, only myself for not having any kind of forsight."
,Recommended,247240,8001388,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,☆そうぜん☆,"A manly game for manly men.  I have been playing a lot of small, short, FULL OF FUN games recently, and I'm glad this was one of the games on that list.  I haven't played it a ton, but let me tell you  -- it's fairly difficult, gorgeous, and is a ♥♥♥♥ing blast to play.  When you get through levels in this game, you really feel like you accomplished something, and I love it.  Here's to good gaming!"
76561197996558186,Recommended,247240,7338058,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,Thorgrax,"This is easyly one if not THE hardest sidescroller I have ever played. At first it feels like you are fighting an ancient dragon with a bar of soap and nothing else but your bare nipplez. but as you get your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ handed to you times over times, you eventually make a metamorphosis assuming you dont punch a hole in your screen in blind atomic rage. Völlgar the VIking is Rock Hard, but for the most part, its not Unfair. Its like having Sergeant Hartman as a Drill Instruktor.This game plays in the same league as Super Meat Boy and Dark Souls. Its most definately worth the weight and I highly recommend it for a purchase.May Odin guide you to victory and wealth."
,Recommended,247240,8617844,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,skooota[B!O],"Let me start off by saying this game is not for the faint hearted! You will die and you will die a lot!!!Unlike Tiny Barbarian this game will test your skills at every corner, it has a steep learning curve that will punish you at every turn.How you proceed in Volgarr is to die and learn from your mistakes.  Your health is made up by items that you collect along the way, for example your shield and helemt each add an additional Health Point to your armour, each time you get Hit you lose an item until you finally die.Controls are a bit limited and there are no checkpoints along the way.Being such a hard game makes every level you complete feel like such a mammoth victory, having mastered all the enemys, traps and string them together to safley get you through a level actually gives you a sense of accomplishment.  It has the feel of a Money hungry arcade game forcing you to enter more coins and learn the game so that you can progress.  But in saying that the difficulty is just about right to keep you keen enough to complete each level and battle on."
,Recommended,247240,34195235,Posted: 12 August,all,JackieUnfinished,"Okay, this game is good. Really good, in fact.Is it hard as balls? Yes.Does it rely on trial and error? Sometimes, yeah.Is it unfair? No, not really.The controls are perfectly fine. Not being able to change the trajectory of your jump in midair is a deliberate decision and it integrates perfectly with the game's philosophy. You can't go jumping around recklessly becasue you'll get killed, but that's kinda the point. Attacking and rolling work exactly as intended and very rarely do your inputs not translate the way you expect on screen.Level and enemy design are actually pretty clever. Almost every action and power-up is useful in more than one way and the levels make use of it, Enemies are, on the other hand, are spread in a way that create very different situations. There are some areas where weaker enemies respawn and force you to be quick and precise, while others encourage you to be cautious and methodical, having to remember the way a particular enemy moves and being on the lookout for potential traps. Both enemies and level structure seem to vastly differ from level to level, so you'll need to approach each of them with a new strategy.So, yeah, if you like classic sidescroller action platformers in the vein of Castlevania or Ghost 'n' Goblins you'll love this game, and even if you don't I think it still deserves a chance, because it's a damn fun game."
76561198027867551,Recommended,247240,34240211,Posted: 14 August,all,Lewk,"This game was incredibly frustrating. The entire time playing i was cursing and wanting to throw the controller across the room. That being said i had a blast the whole time, and the satisfaction of beating the final boss and watching the credits roll was a thing of beauty. Great game. Very challenging and punishing, but the satisfaction of success makes it worth it."
76561198240942254,Recommended,247240,31245415,Posted: 19 April,all,Jt the Red,"Holy crap, now here's a game. I'm late to the party, since this game came out about a couple of years ago, but this doesn't keep Volgarr from being a finely tuned and metal experience. If you liked games such as the original Castlevania series or even Ninja Gaiden (or really most old-school action platformers), you'll like this game a bunch."
76561198068648180,Recommended,247240,22999726,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Master of Suicide™,"You will die more times than you did while playing Dark Souls I your first time.Seriously, this game is hard as hell, I never got further than world 3.But if you love a challenge this game is the place for you to go."
,Recommended,247240,10226177,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Porthos,"Great game, but incredibly difficult and reminiscent of older games like Ghost 'n Goblins. If you love those old games, you'll love this. This is a game that is almost entirely skill-based. If you want a game that will hold your hand you aren't going to get it here. Every enemy you encounter has a specific way of being defeated that will often require you to have a solid grasp of the fighting and platforming mechanics.There's a limited save system that allows you to resume roughtly where you left off, but you'll need to collect lives in-game--and likely play the game in one-sitting--to beat the optional later levels and get the best ending. That might seem a bit too harsh, but once you get the core gameplay down you'll be able to get to the final boss in about an hour.In short: Difficult, but extremely fun, and with good core gameplay that's difficult without feeling cheap."
,Recommended,247240,8064677,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,HaVoK308,"Reto precision action-platforming goodness right here. Very challenging, but in the best possible way. When you die, and you will die, it will always be your fault."
,Recommended,247240,7796577,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,d.Tox508,"Genre: Action, Adventure, Indie, PlatformerDeveloper: Crazy Viking StudiosPublisher: Adult Swim GamesRelease Date: September 13, 2013The Gods struck lightning upon the land and from the bolts came Volgarr The Viking. This one from Crazy Viking Studios reminds me of the NES version of Dragons Lair, not so much the gameplay but the almost impossibility of completing the first level. Very unforgiving Volgarr The Viking has one difficulty setting, and thats Ralph Wiggum HARD. This is one of those games where what you see is what you get, and reminds me a lot of a SEGA arcade machine that would cost you 25 cents every run. So trust me, if that were the case with this game, you would lose your entire paycheck trying to beat the first level. BUT, that isn’t exactly a bad thing, and I’ll explain why.When I initially started this game, the powerful music combined with the 16 bit SEGA graphics kind of takes you back a bit. I like games with unique introductions like this one, where the start screen is the beginning of the game as well. Volgarr the Viking takes elements from games like Castlevania and Contra, and brings them into the new age while making sure not to jeopardize the retro feel. Not only is this game more brutally violent than a relationship with Chris Brown, but brutally hard. My first time playing after 30 minutes and multiple deaths I still hadn’t made it to the first checkpoint. One of my main concerns reading the early reviews of this game revolved around what many called “clunky, unresponsive controls.” Thankfully after buying Volgarr I found this not to be the case. The dynamics and mechanics are perfectly balanced for this game, and are what I would like to describe as “solid.” Meaning each move must follow through before making the next, so if in the time you are swinging the sword you are hit, you won’t be able to react fast enough and will suffer the consequences.The Game itself doesn’t have much of a story line. When you first start, the Gods declare “Rise Warrior!” as a bolt of lightning strikes the ground Volgarr appears. From there on you start the game immediately and begin the adventure. Starting off you are given a shield, which will act as your main form of defense against the lizardish bird monsters that you are put up against. When you aren’t attacking you are able to block the simple attack so each of the monsters, but the moment you attack you are leaving yourself vulnerable. The shield acts as a hit point. If you get hit, you lose the shield and you are now exposed to everything making your next hit fatal. You can pick up different forms of armor throughout the game by finding and breaking open chests. After getting the shield and helmet you can upgrade your weapon to a flaming sword which is considerably more powerful than the one you begin with. Each different item you are wearing acts as single hit point, each time you are hit you lose an item.As for replay factor, that seems to be all that you will be doing when it comes to Volgarr The Viking, or at least that was my experience. I can say that I have played the game for a good 5 hours in preparation for this review, and within that time I’ve learned to love and hate the game all at the same time. It certainly is hard, and seems impossible, but I guess thats what gives it mystery. The way I look at it, Volgarr The Viking is yet another classic from Adult Swim Studios, and no matter what you love or hate about it, thats what makes it so awesome.Volgarr The Viking stays true to the 16 bit retro feel all the way through. Everything from the controls, graphics, music and mood all remind me of after school gaming sessions with friends, trying to prove who could get further and beat the level. Taking everything into account Volgarr The Viking is a good game, fun to play, and bleeds nostalgia. If you think you have what it takes, go for it, you won’t be disappointed.Graphics: 7/10Playability: 6/10Story: 1/10Challenge: 10/10Replay Value: 6/10"
,Recommended,247240,9248480,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,LethalJam,"This is the only game I have ever played that manages to replicate that oldschool platforming that we had with the nes, snes, sega mega drive, and so on. If you like these kind of games then this is a MUST buy."
,Recommended,247240,31291689,Posted: 22 April,all,Crawcrey The Crawfish,My neighbors hate me because of how loud I yelled in rage from this game.Ps can't get past first level
,Recommended,247240,25726607,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,BloodEX,"Short:It's a really nice game and in the end i still can recommend it (especially on sales) to everyone who can forgive imperfection in detail.You can double jump, dodge, charge your spear to increase damage and range, have a flaming sword (with increased damage compared to the standard sword) and, the most amazing thing: you are a viking.On the other hand:- you have to press a movement-direction-button (left or right) with your second jump, because you jump straight upward without a direction-button.- you can't move while crouching, so you have to dodge instead.- after beating a stage and restarting the game, you have to visit all previous stages and move to the left in order to come to the next stage. There is no way to just choose the stage.- you have to beat a stage in his normal version again in order to come to the harder versions of the stages. Also means there is no harder version of stage 1.[Version of the game: 1.36c, just in case some things change in the future]"
76561198108782184,Recommended,247240,16072618,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Tetrite,How to win at Volgarr the Viking:Not play the game10/10 Would tear hair out again
,Recommended,247240,24526033,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Szidriv,"Step into the war zoneCross the thin red lineGamble with your lifeRoll the dice you're mineForever a one man armyMy reign has no endA gun fully loadedThe angel of death my friendHeavy, Heavy ArtilleryHeavy Artillery!Heavy, Heavy ArtilleryHeavy Artillery!A bomb set for explosionPull the pin, you'll seeGatling guns hair triggerVengeance belongs to meTangle with disasterDeath rictus pyreJudgments hammerCut, I bleed fireHeavy, Heavy ArtilleryHeavy ArtilleryHeavy, Heavy ArtilleryHeavy ArtilleryNever SurrenderNever SurrenderNever SurrenderNever Surrender!Blazing into foreverThe mantle of justice my crownIndestructible forceThe armor piercing roundNever to be defeatedStanding at the endTwo fisted warriorThe angel of death my friendHeavy, Heavy ArtilleryHeavy ArtilleryHeavy, Heavy ArtilleryHeavy Artillery"
,Recommended,247240,7872119,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Angus,challenging and fun. like that old game ghosts and ghouls? or w/e
,Recommended,247240,29701327,Posted: 4 February,all,LR-89.mz,"A nod to the oldschool platformers, this game is HARD. Obstacles and enemies are simple, yet very effectively placed, challenging the player during all playthrough. Pick this up only if you're a badass."
,Recommended,247240,15252724,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Azathoth,"When a game like Dark Souls is praised as being one of the most difficult games ever made, people of a certain age will remember games such as Contra, Battletoads and Ghosts N' Goblins and then wonder what all the fuss is about.  Volgarr isn't as difficult as these, but it certainly owes its existence to Ghosts N' Goblins and fans of that title and fans of punishing old school games should love homage to the ""Golden Age"" of arcade gaming.Volgarr features hand-made pixel animation, epic soundtrack, simple controls and of course...challenging level design.  It isn't a looker, but it doesn't need to be.  Each level never changes, so when you die you will know what is coming and must try and improve for your next attempt.  This meticulous design offers a highly rewarding feeling of accomplishment when you finally overcome a level that has been making you tear your hair out for the last 40 attempts.  This is what the game is all about.  If you hate dying, hate a challenge, need a story and dislike repetition then you must steer clear of this title.  Otherwise, you will be able to flex your gaming muscles and really challenge yourself.There isn't a lot else to say.  It is a well designed homage to an older generation of games and will instantly appeal to fans of the NES platformer era.  The game is never unfair, so if you are apprehensive about picking this up, at least look for it on sale and give it a chance."
76561198070856978,Recommended,247240,10677534,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Banananut Bred,Vary hard and makes you want to beat it even more
76561198073705747,Recommended,247240,19541740,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,JevGuin,"This basic side-scrolling action game set to a retro style is a perfect recreated of classic titles revived in this new era of video games. Vulgar the Viking takes on the attributes of old as a hardcore you only live once action sidescroller, with interesting and complex level designs and a diverse set of vicious monsters to slay plus a simple but engaging combat system that makes clearing endless waves of monsters a bucket of fun. This hardcore retro action game feels rewarding with every checkpoint you make and truly feels like a classic adventure in the arcade. Although this game is not for the faint of heart I feel this simplistic hardcore classic will be loved by many."
,Recommended,247240,15646983,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Stigmaticbrute,This game is hard. So far I only beat the 1st boss but everytime I died I just couldn't put down the controller.The checkpoints... The way they punish me... It's dark souls all over again! PRAISE THE SUN!!!!My experiencehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sj-y8NYLTF0
76561198038968815,Recommended,247240,4555721,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,obman6ik,Игра полностью передаёт дух хардкорного ретро! Любителям сложностей - рекомендую!
,Recommended,247240,8461701,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Gavin Robertson,"So hard, but so satisfying when you nail it."
76561198051699636,Recommended,247240,7828872,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Eqchambers,hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥but kick♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,247240,198874,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,BFT9000,This game game is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ and you WILL love IT!!!
76561198043787579,Recommended,247240,15880777,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Crispy Spinach,If you've ever wanted to Viking out on someone's♥♥♥♥♥ this is the game for you! You Play as Volgarr the Viking in his might quest to slaughter the evil lizard people who want to convene with Zeus to rid you of your power and stop the senseless slaughter! 7/10
,Recommended,247240,8011415,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Roonious Katarn,"A marvelous game. Perfect if you fancy a challenge. Also, that feeling you get when you achieve victory is simply amazing. Not only does it tell a cool little story, it also gives 3 unique endings and hours of gameplay. Buy it.P.S. Stage 7 is beautiful."
76561197998547232,Recommended,247240,8002325,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Squished Goomba,"What is best in life?TO CRUSH YOUR ENEMIES! SEE THEM DRIVEN BEFORE YOU AND IMPALE 4 LIZARDMEN WITH ONE THROWN SPEAR.First achievement I get and it's ""Let off some steam, Bennett""I might have to plug in another controller. It's like Super Meat Boy, using an analogue stick just feels wrong and  I don't think the Xbox dpad will cut it with this game."
76561198098830441,Recommended,247240,8014544,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Volket,"Do you want to play a hardcore Action/Platformer? Do you want to face hordes of monsters simply to prove yourself a badass? Do you want to be a man? If the answer to all these are yes I cannot recommend this game enough. This is a throwback to everything good about the ""good old days"" where games were made to challenge you to the maximum. This game is challenging with great focus on detail of the system.Volgarr the Viking is an amazing game created by Crazy Viking Studios which pushes the players to their potential. You play as the games namesake Volgarr on a quest to be a badass. This game has a great soundtrack that keeps you tense and feeling like the Viking you are. Controls are responsive and tight leaving you feeling that any death is your own mistake.  Visually this game looks great for being a throwback to the days of the arcade, which in my humble opinion is a plus, having wonderful 2d sprites which bring the game to gory life.This game has good ability to be played again and again, which you'll likely be doing because each time you die you must go back to your last checkpoint, which can be quite a loss of progress. I'm not kidding this game is truly hard, and it will challenge you. Its simplistic controls leave the only challenge you face be the hordes of enemies who will stop at nothing to kill Volgarr and end his quest, which will likely happen more than you want it to. Luckily for our hero death is not the end for him, for each time he dies he returns to life at his last check point. Check points are a rare occurrence though, keeping you on your toes for fear of losing your progress so far.Power ups appear in the form of armor which grants you extra health, each time you are hit however you lose that piece of equipment and ability it brought with it. The only downside is the lack of any form of storytelling, and the lack of saving which can make the challenge all the greater when you realize you'll need to beat it in one sitting. For its flaws it is truly a fantastic game that reminds people of what games use to be.If you don't like hard games I really recommend you stay away from Volgarr, but if you’re a fan of the hard core, die repeatedly, but enjoy it all the way through then this is your game."
,Recommended,247240,8466723,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,RoRo1980,"just a big warning..............THIS GAME IS BRUTAL!!!!!if you ever played RISKY WOODS then you know what you got yourself into , a horribly brutal game with no regrets in seeing you die over and over again ......... but you always come back for more to show that you learned.if you ever loved RASTAN , RYGAR , RISKY WOODS , then this is your dream come true , just don't break your joypad while playing ;)good graphics , wonderful sounds and for once , damn fine and tight controls , this game is a love letter to any 90s retro gamer who never played a good game since GODS on amiga.i recommend it highly."
,Recommended,247240,9182296,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,twitch.tv/JORDANandALYSSA,"Addicting. Compelling. Rage inducing. Fulfilling. Extremely difficult. Practice makes perfect.If you like games that feature the above characteristics, you are in the right place. It is usually the games we have to grind at that are the most addicting. Volgarr the Viking is a great example and is worth the asking price."
,Recommended,247240,8856427,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,MrKozio,"You play as a viking, killing hordes of monsters.......what more can you want from a game. The only bad thing is that my keyboard is suffering moderate damage from the rage caused by me dying 2 times per minute."
76561198048877891,Recommended,247240,8218107,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Thewnor,"I'll probably never beat Volgar, but that's part of its appeal. It has great controls, everything feels tight and precise. The enemy types are clearly identified, green Nose-Beaks takes one hit, blue two, red three, and so on. The spear's simple/easy to use, and is necessary for traversal. The games core is its difficulty. It is very hard to get from checkpoint to checkpoint, but when you do progress the sense of achievement is genuine. It never feels like the obstacles are impossible or cheap. Once you know where the deathtraps are it's up to your skill to get past them. The game is hard but not unfair and I keep coming back for more. I definitely recommend."
,Recommended,247240,10133620,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,triplebooyah,"The makers got the look and feel of classic arcade/SNES style slashers down pat (this game has got to be a tip of the hat to Rastan). The controls are smooth, and the irreversibility of jump directions and such give the game a bit of an original-Castlevania-esque feel, where you have to plan your moves a little more carefully. However, the level layouts are completely static, save for some weak-enemy spawn points. You have unlimited lives, but lose a little gold each time you die. This essentially makes the game primarily about memorization and repetition. Which is okay.My biggest issue with the game was what I thought was an inability to pick up where you left off, but this is addressed by the developer in the comment below (Kudos to him for the reply)!"
76561198007571328,Recommended,247240,10114450,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,SuicidalSexMachine,Suck my balls Volgarr. I want my money back. I can't even get past the first stage. It's too damn hard. It's one of those games where you can get hit once before you die.
,Recommended,247240,10113228,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Percolator Fish,"Cool art, great controls, extreme difficulty. Buy this if you love action platformers like Contra or Ninja Gaiden."
76561198009514696,Recommended,247240,10113753,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Wawasaw,"i have 30-40 minutes played and have made ZERO progress. this game is hard. but not unplayably difficult. on a scale of one to Dark Souls its about ""Dragon's Lair""."
,Recommended,247240,10113834,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Dylan Becker,"This is the hardest game in the world. You die so frequently, but every death is a fair one. You learn from death, and progress by coming up with new tactics. I can't even beat the first stage yet, but I'm getting progressively better and it's that sense of ""seriously, next time I've got this"" that makes this game so addicting. Well worth buying it on sale."
,Recommended,247240,8334832,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Mjolk,This game is like Darksouls & 2D's incest riddled child.It makes my nipples hard.
,Recommended,247240,7370354,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Dongdona,good
,Recommended,247240,16058483,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,PunkyPoo,You don't win. You just do a little better each time.
76561197972387998,Recommended,247240,16077266,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Zag,"If you've missed the sheer difficulty of action games, when finishing a level felt like a real achievement, then this is the game for you. An entertaining mixture of Rastan and Ghosts n Goblins with little concession to modern-day hand-holding."
,Recommended,247240,10005388,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,restless,"This game is very addictive and very fun to play. However, it is very hard, and may represent a real challenge, which is an uncommon thing for nowadays games.I totally recommend this game for people with patience and who like challenging and rewarding games!"
76561198062296121,Recommended,247240,9641955,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,kneedeep73,very tough...thats a GOOOD THING!!!
,Recommended,247240,9666725,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Thy Dungeonman,"Volgarr is a throwback to certain challenging 16-bit platformers, namely Super Ghouls 'N Ghosts and Rastan. The graphics are a little odd- they look kind of like a SNES game with the ""filtering"" turned on to make the pixels look smoothed, but I actually do like them. More importantly, the mechanics are top notch. With these kind of games, controls and mechanics absolutely make or break the game. Volgarr has Rastan style swordplay (attack while moving, block with shield, etc) and Ghouls 'N Ghosts style platforming (a nice, crisp-feeling double jump) and powerups (chests upgrade your shield/armor/weapon depending on what you've got currently, allowing you to use new moves and take more hits).Volgarr has a sword and a spear, and that's it. The game really makes it work, giving you a range of options. You can fight while moving, play defensive and trade blows with your shield, dodge roll, jump attack, downstab, throw spears, charge spear attack, throw spears in midair, throw spears into walls to make new platforms, and so on. All of this is highly intuitive and you'll find yourself doing some really cool maneuvers very naturally. I kind of amazed myself just now when I jumped into an area, threw a spear in midair to kill a wasp, downstabbed to kill a lizardman, dodge rolled past an arrow trap, and then jumped onto a spear I threw earlier to climb out of the pit before another arrow could fire.It's important to know that Volgarr is very oldschool. That means no saving. Every time you launch the game, there isn't even a start menu, Volgarr is borne out of blood and bone and you start killing lizardmen immediately. You begin from level 1 every time you launch the game. You do have infinite lives, but checkpoints aren't highly frequent, and you'll need to beat the game in one sitting. I believe that beating a level without dying takes you down an alternate path for the next level, and beating the entire game without dying gives you a secret ending.My only complaint is that I wish that the game had better music. It deserves more metal music!"
76561198079632000,Recommended,247240,9684274,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,ATB-dante,"I feel like projared's pretty much sums it up but trust me put down the music and speedrun while playing""You've got the Power"" it was pretty hype"
,Recommended,247240,9699055,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,IvoMace,"Wonderfully difficult game. Not for someone who gets frustrated quickly, but get past the difficulty and it is really a good experience."
,Recommended,247240,9762746,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,CoolCrib,Good stuff
,Recommended,247240,9785915,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,fuble878,This game is a very enjoyable game for someone who likes a challenge. If you play casualy or rage easily do not buy this.
,Recommended,247240,9793682,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Flash~Step,"This game is a killer throwback to classic difficult action games of the 16 bit era. you will rage, but you will have a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of fun while doing so."
76561198046229874,Recommended,247240,9863152,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,thejaredevans,"Hey look, a real game!Old school, throw-your-controller-against-the-wall-of-your-parents'-basement-so-hard-that-your-mom-tells-you-to-take-a-break difficult.Rise, warrior."
,Recommended,247240,10599178,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Rizonknight,buy this game if your man enough
76561197988442893,Recommended,247240,18629406,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,XStyhler,"I played a lot of Games. I was on it since NES and Gameboy. I survived MegaMan, Dark Souls and Ghouls'n'Ghosts.But this Game is tough as Brain Surgery with a Sledgehammer.It is never unfair but unforgiving as your Wife on a forgotten Birthday.If you like Torture or Games, that are harder than they should be, AND your Nerves are made of Titanium or something harder, then and ONLY THEN get this Game.It is just great and something different.AWESOME!"
76561198081322398,Recommended,247240,18753667,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,RickL,"Challenging but incredibly rewarding. Tight controls and great level design make this a must-play for anyone even slightly nostalgic of 80's arcade platformers. You'll start off dying over and over again, but eventually you know the levels and the patterns and you tear through the levels like the badass viking you are. FOR ODIN!"
76561198037822639,Recommended,247240,18760648,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,LonePiper,"This game does ""old school"" difficulty to a tee. If you don't like starting the game right from the beginning every time you play, and you don't like few and far between checkpoints, this is not for you.If, however, you enjoy the feeling of accomplishment you get from playing a level over and over, getting a little better at it every time, and eventually beating it without the help of fancy quicksaves or checkpoints, then certainly give it a shot.The play style and mentality needed for this game is very much like what you needed for the original battletoads on the NES. If you liked that, you will probably like this."
,Recommended,247240,12115421,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Locura,One of the most difficult and fun game I ever seen.This game represents all that make me want to work in game development.11/10
,Recommended,247240,7352427,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,LOADING.[].,마계촌을 좋아한다면 꼭 해봐라.하드코어하지만 재밌다.
,Recommended,247240,1172784,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Cyriel ᛭ᚲᛃᚱᛁᛖᛚ᛭,"When dark souls was praised for being hard, they were right. When they said ""this game is hard"" they were making the understatement of the year. Welcome to the hardest game you'll play all year."
,Recommended,247240,7483839,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Khamûl,Amazing game so fun
76561198055651184,Recommended,247240,5857128,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,Thorlaff,"One of the best classic and hard games i have ever played, it beats Dark souls in difficulty and Ghosts & goblins on the classic part."
,Recommended,247240,8244020,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,The OGRapticon,"Awesome game, simple, yet complex at the same time. Every time I died, I was up again in no time wanting more."
,Recommended,247240,8321048,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Naberius,"This is no casual game, i recommend only for the most hardcore gamers willing to dedicate time and will power to complete, however dont let this scare you away since the game provides a great feeling of accomplishment if you are willing to commit. I would also recommend buying a controller for playing this since it will greatly improve your experience. Overall if you are interested in returning to a the classic arcade gaming era where you can compete with other players for points and time then all I can say is, buy this now!"
,Recommended,247240,8838074,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,"dr. slit juice, MD","The video game version of what the White Stripes did for Led Zeppelin. If you get this, buy the game immediately."
76561198087565925,Recommended,247240,8499561,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,BigBad,this game is super fantastic!!!
,Recommended,247240,15639112,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,DiBiddilyBop,"Love this game.  Very worth $10, much less the $2 it's currently on sale for.  If you like old school, difficult platformers like Ghosts n Goblins, give this one a try."
,Recommended,247240,15654434,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,AtypicalChuck,"Volgarr the Viking is deathly allergic to bees. And snakes. And moving in any direction. Or standing still. Also curling into the fetal position he doesn't do too great with.10/10 Would die a million times again....like I had a choice when my armor is spring-loaded to eject from my taut, muscular body at the slightest touch. Who needs it, anyway?"
76561197994002070,Recommended,247240,22136251,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Ringmaster,"10/10 Would tell the game to continuosly go F itself again. Seriously though, great game but it's going to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off."
76561198072182182,Recommended,247240,9228827,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,"RAGNAROK!Volgarr is hardcore!  If you don't know Astyanax or Legendary Axe or at least classic Castlevania (NES, kids), you don't know anything about this.  It's old-school, it's hard, it's 80's and it's cool.  One complaint:  in order to get ENDING A, you have to play the game a TON  because you have to beat all these superhard optional ""Valkyrie"" levels on one set of lives, straight from the beginning.  I've gotten ending C and will have B when I play the game again.  I'll admit a rage uninstall resulted from the Valkyrie levels, but I immediately reinstalled it."
76561198014871665,Recommended,247240,2940467,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,Mr.Crowley,"Good old classic arcade style game, hard but fair!"
76561198007431208,Recommended,247240,7961157,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,ClaytronJames,"If there was one game to embrace the classic Genesis feel, this'll be it"
,Recommended,247240,8002002,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,VVarevvolf,"Buy Volgarr, oh my god buy it so hard."
,Recommended,247240,8006264,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Ignus,It's a nostalgic platformer that takes its cues from the Megadrive rather than the SNES. Very metal.
,Recommended,247240,7368088,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Ryando,This is the most relaxing game you can play. If you are feeling angry just start up Volgarr The Viking and play. Trust me
76561198014703938,Recommended,247240,8003087,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Lord Bronas,"This was a fresh breeze in the current sewer of special needs adjusted gaming. Völgarr the viking will make you cry with anger not for being unfair, just really hard. If you manage to get through the game you'll be awarded with an achievement that is actually worth sticking on your e-peen and slapping across all your friends and relatives faces."
76561198048161890,Recommended,247240,24001428,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Timbler,"Great Odin's Raven! Such a well balance of difficulty and playability I'm not even mad, I'm impressed!"
76561198011081065,Recommended,247240,24759310,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Amirjian,"Every time you start this game it´s the ultimate viking vibe.You are the chosen warrior and every aspect of the game just feels hardcore. It´s perfect.Then you get to the first level and get beaten up like the little noob you are. You instantly know that it´s going to be tough and that you have to learn to get better. But since you are the most badass guy known to mankind, you will learn with every death. And every time you do, you will feel stronger and more powerful.Sidenote: If you get frustrated with the game, try to take a break. I usually play it for about 15 minutes and then switch to something else. I always like to start and end my gaming sessions with Völgarr, because then I have some time to think about it and get room to try out new things. The game wants you to learn and learning somtimes takes a little while.Edit: I can finally count myself amonst those who have beaten it. I enjoyed the Hell out of it and there is still more to go since Ending B and A don´t do themselves."
76561198195462489,Recommended,247240,24878818,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Bloodhound66,This game is fun. But i don't like how you have to start all over when you die. I wish it were an option to play with or without that feature engaged. It's far too difficult for me to beat this game playing that way. However if youre up to a challenge i would recommend this game.
76561198167513820,Recommended,247240,18915855,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,LaserGameExplosion,"I get this game is made for the prupose of being a challenging but rewarding game. And if you love that stuff you may like this game. It has a lot going for it but has two big problems:- Jump control is too uncompromising- The amount of tedious work you have to do over again when you die - i.e. lack of checkpoints.I've played games with infrequent checkpoints and its normally more enjoyable because you don't feel like you are trudging through the same stuff you have already perfected just to get to the harder stuff. There is some sense of variety that keeps it interesting every time you die (Dark Souls or Hitman games if you are trying to stay stealthy).The jumping to me seems like it is designed to screw you over more often than help you. I'd prefer good control of my character with harder obstacles rather than feel like I can't make use of this guy because the controls are so rigid.Despite all that though it's honestly worth a couple bucks to try because if the jumping doesn't bother you and you are a masochist, you'll probably find a lot of value in the game."
,Recommended,247240,27366922,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,timleftwich86,"If you want a game that is going to kick your♥♥♥♥♥the first time, the fifth time, and the hundredth time, and yet somehow still remain just as fun... this is the game foryou."
76561198186472913,Recommended,247240,28785267,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,NeonDuck,This game is so impossibly hard you'll♥♥♥♥♥♥you're pants before playing it.. But buy it anyway xD.
76561198132348862,Recommended,247240,31382357,Posted: 26 April,all,Logi,"Rise, Warrior!ROAR!Volgarr the Viking is an awesome game. It has great graphics, excellent gameplay and a great soundtrack.There will be minor spoilers for the story:You play Volgarr, a viking with a mighty sword and an unlimited supply of spears that he can use to attack enemies or use as platforms. Your task is to travel through five worlds (each consisting of two sections) and defeat the bosses to open Fafnir's tower.Should you be good enough, you can obtain warrior spirits that serve as lives to play the more difficult parts of worlds 2-6.Depending on what you do, you can earn one out of three endings.Mark my words though: This game is not for everybody. It has a high difficulty spike.Playing Volgarr for the first time can be extremely frustrating. I spent 3 hours of my first playthrough in the first two worlds before I got good enough alone. However the more I learned how to control Volgarr and the neat tricks he can do, the easier it got. Now I got all achievements and just completed the game a second time on the Valkyrie path.I would say that Volgarr is basically Dark Souls the Jump n' Run. Once you have learned the game's tricks, it becomes extremely enjoyable and rewarding.Try to answer these questions:Do you like to get challenged by a game?Do you like to try, try, try again until you finally beat a world?Do you like to eventually master a hard game and feel like a beast when you played through it a second, third or even fourth and so forth time?If you can answer all these questions with yes, then you should check out Volgarr.If you don't like to get constantly killed until you finally mastered a difficult section, then better turn around now and look for something else to play."
76561198060194359,Recommended,247240,30019301,Posted: 18 February,all,gjeldrez,"Managed to beat the first boss somehow.For some reason I was reminded more of those platforms in the Commodore Amiga from the '90s instead of the arcade ""Rastan"". But I'm pretty sure all those platforms of old had more than one single checkpoint through a single because they are not mario levels, they're supposed to be games about fighting and trying new things and throwing you back so many times ended up feeling like a cheap way if introducing more of a challenge (game is already difficult)Gameplay: Jump&Attack old-school PlatformerGraphics: Super-Nintendo tierMusic: Worse than RastanDifficulty: Artificial"
76561198092626720,Recommended,247240,30073337,Posted: 20 February,all,jquirognew,"Crazy Viking Studios has really outdone themselves.  This game really does require a lot of skill, strategy, and patience.  Utilizing all of Volgarr's abilities is required for each stage.  I especially like the detailed instruction manual for the game, showing descriptions of the items, how the controls work, and Volgarr's World.  It has many illustrations, just like the games from Indiebox.  Although I'm still on the second level of this game, I am looking forward to playing it some more.  Great job, Crazy Viking Studios!"
,Recommended,247240,30518597,Posted: 14 March,all,Chapel,"This game is VERY tough, which earns its title as one of the hardest PC games i've played. It is challenging but very rewarding, and for that i will recommend it. If you are looking for a difficult retro-style game, you might like this."
76561198047105632,Recommended,247240,27100082,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ᚹᛁᚾᛞᛁᚱ,Everything that you bothlovedandhatedabout old-school platformers. A true successor following in the vein of old classics like Ghosts 'n Goblins & Rastan Saga.
76561198321090276,Recommended,247240,30131120,Posted: 23 February,all,RFHawks,"UPDATE: recently I had a comment stating that there is somewhat of a save mechanism. I was pointed towards the FAQ:https://steamcommunity.com/app/247240/discussions/0/846966336363408466/which describes it. I will be going back to this game because I found it fun while I played it and now that I don't have to start over from the beginning each session, I will give it another go. With this information, I would recommend this game.I really like this game but the fact that you have to start from the beginning each playthrough bums me out and makes me not want to play it anymore. There is a reason Shovel Knight is so popular: it tickles the nostalgia bone while playing like a modern game. This game, while having some truly enjoyable moments, plays like an old NES cart where you have to start over each playthrough. I would recommend this game only if it was <$0.50, otherwise you would be best spending your money on a game that you will want to come back to."
76561198101855561,Recommended,247240,31228592,Posted: 18 April,all,Ximbor,Most brutal platformer ever... perfect!
,Recommended,247240,31363802,Posted: 25 April,all,NANI?!,"Solid, heavy, and brutal.The controls support the notion that you are a heavy, strong viking. The game is quite difficult and requires mastering the controls in order to succeed. Solid plaforming and combat come together to make this a challenging adventure.Controls are stiff, but rather than taking away from the player's experience it adds more of a ""heavy"" and ""strong"" feeling behind actions, fitting in with the theme of the character and setting. Enemies and levels are designed around these controls so deaths, while frequent and frustrating, are ""fair"" and lend themselves to helping the player become better through experience.Enemy movements are subtly varied but tailored around the player's controls, forcing the player to adapt tactics while perfecting his handle on the controls.I recommend this to fans of hard-core platformers."
,Recommended,247240,32384184,Posted: 13 June,all,Goddamn Summbitch,The game's good enough for me to not hate it for its water level. I think that speaks volumes.
76561198126385567,Recommended,247240,33336366,Posted: 7 July,all,K-Metal,"While it's takin me a Very long time to get used to this game the majority of that is because I'm just not a very good gamer anymore.Once you get used the patterns of the game it gets much easier.The graphics are very nice and pleasing,kinda like an updated NES game from back in the day ,gameplay reminds me of the original Castlevania game on Nintendo.While the game does'nt give you any extra lives it does remember the last Boss you beat and you can skip that level and move on to the next.For $10 or less if on sale this is a Great Couch game."
76561198057468439,Recommended,247240,34362839,Posted: 19 August,all,Konflanz,I can't pass the first level.
,Recommended,247240,34566291,Posted: 28 August,all,Sentry Gun (BOT Evan),"This is a fun game with simple controls but unforgiving enemies. It took me a while to beat all the levels and learn how to get through the bosses.It has some potential for speedrunning since the enemies are quite predictable, but everything is so hard. There is also extra content if you do well in a level, but it has a limit on how many attempts you can make so I've never made it through any. It's still fun to try to figure out with limited experience.I picked this up for only $0.99 during an adult swim sale, so this was an extremely good purchase."
76561198122498392,Recommended,247240,35097171,Posted: 20 September,all,SpitDragon,"GREATEST GAME EVER,IF YOU LIKE SCREAMING OR BREAKING THINGS.HIGHLY RECOMMEND YOU PLAY WITH A FRIEND.TAKE TURNS. LAUGH, CRY, KYS. (Don't do that)GET VOLGARR.GIT GUD."
76561198003927773,Recommended,247240,27359663,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,XiledBerry,"Great game, greater challange"
76561197999978820,Recommended,247240,27094473,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Arjock,"Hard game, but very rewarding if you can beat it. Multiple endings depending on how good you are in the game."
,Recommended,247240,9075752,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Mr King Dice,"This is a video game. If you like video games, you will probably like this. I give it Videogame/10."
,Recommended,247240,8001151,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,raptorsaurus,"This is a fantastic action-platformer that fans of old SNES-era platformers will appreciate. The level design and pacing of the game are great, the secrets are well hidden, and every level has a simple, challenging, and fun boss battle at the end. The pixel art on display here is vibrant and colorful, and is perfectly matched with some great music that fits the mood of the game. If you're like me and you've been longing for a great game that will remind you of the good ol' SNES days but not make you relive them, then you should pick this game up."
,Recommended,247240,18628946,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Nickname,"The obvious: Volgarr is challenging.The less obvious: it is so challenging that it will undoubtedly frustrate you repeatedly (no matter how good you think you are).Volgarr is a difficult game that feels very rewarding when you achieve progress. Defeating the first sector feels incredible, finishing off the first boss feels great, and even when the next levels seem daunting, slow but sure progress gets you to the end. Most people will give it up before the end, but even if you don't finish the game it is worth a shot."
76561197998960498,Recommended,247240,7759012,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Cazhorn,Most fun I've had with a game in years. Great design!
76561198012075288,Recommended,247240,12589059,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,rkfade,I keep coming back to this. It's a blast.  Highly recommend if you have a soft spot for side-view platformers of days long past.
76561198079891711,Recommended,247240,26313774,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Kayliana,Challenging game
,Recommended,247240,12275882,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,ARCHIVE LOVER,"The God Hand of platformers, the 2D Dark Souls, the ""brutally difficult but deterministic and fair"" cliché, Völgarr is so tightly designed it's currently strangling me and I'm going to die of good game"
,Recommended,247240,21612980,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,HEALTH AND SAFETY OFFICER,"A tough game, its a reminder of what games were like on the genesis but you wont know until you played games like altered beast.It can be a good game for perfectionist types who can duck dive dodge etc all while killing with tact."
76561197963696654,Recommended,247240,24708678,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,TheMadMardo,I was addicted to this game for several weeks. This was a very difficult game to finish but was fun as hell.I highly recommend playing this game
,Recommended,247240,30974984,Posted: 6 April,all,Punymeyer,"Amazing game.  There isn't really much I can say about the gameplay mechanics, graphics, and sound design that hasn't already been said over and over, so I won't touch on those things.  I played this one through on both Steam, and on the Dreamcast.  The game is smoother on PC, but the DC port is totally playable.  If you do decide to play it on the Dreamcast, please buy it for one of the other platforms.  It's a really amazing game and the devs and publisher deserve to get paid for it.A common complaint I see is with this game's difficulty.  Personally, I think the difficulty of the gameplay is fair, but I wish there were a few more checkpoints.  Each stage is divided into two section, and each section has a checkpoint at the beginning.  You die, you restart at the beginning of the section.  And to make it worse, the boss for each stage is at the end of the second section.  If you die at the boss, you restart the whole section.   Maybe a checkpoint before a boss would be enough?  That would create a new issue though, since the player then wouldn't be able to fully upgrade their gear through the level after dying to a boss.  It'd have to be an optional checkpoint.  Whatever the case, I'm sure the devs are capable enough to figure out how to make that work.That is literally my only gripe with the Volgarr the Viking.  I've played it probably 12 hours on the Dreamcast on top of the time I have invested in the game on Steam.  I think it's a solid and fun game, and I love a challenge.  I'm currently working on completing the Valkyrie path, which is essentially a different version of each level with limited lives.  It's basically the hard mode for an already really hard game.  After that, I intend to speedrun it.  I totally got my $10 worth."
76561197983662248,Recommended,247240,10429466,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,TechieRefugee,"Obligatory header to the review: I focus on four primary areas whenever I review a game: gameplay, story, graphics, and sound/audio/general things that go into your earholes. Gameplay and Story get a rating scale from 1 to 10, and the AV stuff gets a rating from 1 to 5. My philosophy on this is that there are some instances in which a game may not necessarily have that much in the way of gameplay (take Amnesia for example), but the story/atmosphere/whatever it may be is reason enough to pick it up. Also, take the cumulative score with a grain of salt; it's just a numerical feeling about the game as a whole. That's part of why I do these subscores. Also, keep in mind that I'm not going off of school grade based rankings. A 5/10 denotes what I feel to be an average game. Likewise, 7/10 is a game that I think is pretty cool, and something that gets a 2/10 is near-abomination level. Pinning scores to an even further obfuscated rating scale is kinda senseless, but for the sake of my backloggery, I'll repeat again that 1.0-2.7 is a one-star game, 3.0-4.7 is a two-star game, 5.0-6.7, 7.0-8.7, and 9.0-10 are three, four, and five stars, respectively.Gameplay: Man, Adult Swim Games sure have been publishing some pretty great titles. I think this one is top of the pile, though. The fact that this game doesn't have a Wikipedia page as of the time of writing is a great injustice to just how good this game is. In fact, a friend of mine named this game his Game of the Year for 2013. After playing through the game myself, I can certainly see why he'd say this. One phrase he used to describe this game is ""a 2D Dark Souls."" While the best phrase to describe this game is a ""newer Ghouls 'n' Ghosts game;"" in fact the studio's vision for this game, that can conjure up negative ideas about the game's design and how it handles difficulty. For now, just think of it as a 2D Dark Souls.After some retrospection, I found that my first playthrough of this game was auspiciously similar to my first playthrough of Dark Souls. In both games, I was never too sure of the control scheme at first, but once I got used to it (and in this case, stopped using the analog stick in favor of the D-Pad (no seriously, the D-Pad on any controller beats the analog stick for this game)), I found that the control scheme worked perfectly for the game. Combat, much like Dark Souls, is very accurate and weighty. Likewise, this game has some excellent hitboxes; in fact, sometimes a bit too excellent. That's not a criticism, though; just know that you can get beaned in the head with an arrow even if your shield is extended, since your shield doesn't cover your head.Another comparison to Dark Souls is the fact that this game does the most vital thing in a difficult video game (in my opinion), and that's signaling. You can do whatever you want to enhance the challenge of a level, as long as there's proper signaling. Again, the comparison between this and Dark Souls arises; both games were excellent at signaling, meaning that there were never any cheap deaths. Stages are surmountable without any memorization necessary, although if you're kinda dumb like me when it comes to video games, some memorization may be necessary. Plus, this game does that magical thing where you just get better at stages. That's a true sign of a well designed challenge level; where you can come back later on and find it easier without needing memorization. Overall, this game is a masterpiece in challenge level and level design.In fact, my only real gripe is how this game handles bosses. Each stage is broken up into two halves - much like Ghouls 'n' Ghosts - with a boss at the end of the second half. This is a thing that I've thought about for a while now, and I think it may just be an unfortunate necessity due to how the game handles health (you get bits of armor and weapon upgrades from chests throughout the level and lose them if you're hit; again, pretty much exactly like Ghouls 'n' Ghosts). Either that, or it may be a bit more rigid conformity to the Ghouls 'n' Ghosts design ethos. The bosses themselves are fairly easy and incredibly patternated, so once you get the pattern down, you should have no problems with the bosses. This may just be me injecting my personal design sensibilties, but I feel like the bosses could've been a lot better if there was a checkpoint beforehand (along with making the bosses harder overall, of course).Again, though; this isn't too big of an issue, but it is one that I thought could've been handled in a bit different (and in my opinion better, but you've figured that out already) manner. Nevertheless, I can definitely see why this was my friend's Game of the Year for 2013. While I can't necessarily make a statement about 2013 with regards to games, since I just started PC gaming in October 2013, if it had came out this year, it would most certainly be Game of the Year for 2014 for me. Yes, that means beating out Dark Souls II. 10/10.Story: Literally the only story you get is a credits scroll at the end. Not even gonna rate.Graphics: Man, there's some pretty great looking art in this game. The graphics feel like an ""HD Genesis/Mega Drive game,"" which once again fits perfectly with the Ghouls 'n' Ghosts inspiration. All of the enemy designs are great, there's detail practically oozing out of every pixel laid down, and it still looks great at 1080p. My only gripe with enemy designs are the bosses of level 2 and level 5. They're literally reskins of enemies in the area. All the other bosses are unique designs, but boss 2 and 5 are somewhat disappointing. That's not too big of a deal, though; the core enemy design is great anyways. Of course the game runs well, so there's no worry about not being able to run it. Even though it windows at a relatively low resolution, it fullscreens to match your resolution of choice without a hassle. 5/5.Sound: I've found that I like a lot of brass and percussion in my orchestration. This game... delivers a LOT of brass and percussion. This makes sense, of course; we're a viking, after all. We don't want a panflute chronicling our journey; no, we want big, bombastic horns, tubas, timpanis... the whole nine yards. Suffice to say, the music in this game is good. Really good. So good that I grabbed the OST literal minutes after I completed the game. There's no voiceacting in this game, so I don't really need to worry about that. I think it's pretty obvious that a 5/5 is in order for this game's sound department.Overall scores are 10/0/5/5; cumulative score of 10/10. Yeah, this is Game of the Year material. You should probably buy this game before a viking busts down your door and impales you with a flaming spear of awesomeness."
76561198090356118,Recommended,247240,33233191,Posted: 4 July,all,JoBo,"I love this game. Nevertheless, it is really really hard which can be frustrating. Yet it is never unfair and always your own fault when you die ;-) It is so much fun and rewarding if you learn to master it! The controls are very precise, I think. I recommend this game to every enthusiast for retro hardcore games who does not get frustrated to quickly."
,Recommended,247240,31261301,Posted: 20 April,all,brotherfrank,Got into a fight with my gf because I couldn't stop yelling at my computer. Great but frustrating game. 11/10!
76561198253560492,Recommended,247240,34830323,Posted: 8 September,all,cheesedagger,"What a game this is...a challenging platformer i've been waiting for for years. Volgarr the Viking is a classic with tight controls, masterful atmosphere, and BALLS TO THE WALL difficulty. You'll scream and shout and get angry but that feeling of ""Hell Yeah!!!"" is all to gratifying."
76561198024179463,Recommended,247240,11882911,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,kokmaister,"A true masterpiece. If you love platformers, you should get Volgarr ASAP. One of the best level design and gameplay in platformers I've ever played, no matter the era. Right there with all the 8- and 16-bit classics."
76561197973166497,Recommended,247240,12942204,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Urza,Best♥♥♥♥♥♥since sliced bread.
,Recommended,247240,18633476,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Quaide,"Don't listen to those pansies who say ""the game is too hard"" or ""the checkpoint system is unforgiving"". Stop ♥♥♥♥♥-footing around and become a Viking Legend."
,Recommended,247240,25556838,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Sativlan,Extremely difficult but finally beat it after many repeated attempts. I have respect for anyone else who was able to finish this.
76561197993922101,Recommended,247240,1505613,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,野暮ったい乞食野良猫,"Far and away the most accurate Norwegian simulator yet, bar none."
,Recommended,247240,19315873,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Africa Corpse,The Rastan of this generation.
,Recommended,247240,25704946,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Xade,"I played this game one time, but my profile says I've played it for 145 hours.9/10"
76561198024624155,Recommended,247240,16435148,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Podunk Noname,"It's  okay. Mega brutal and unforgiving which is fun for a while and then I decided the payoff would probably not be worth it. So I watched a speed run on youtube, realized how much time I would have blown just getting myself killed over and over and over and over and over, then watched the end. Pretty good."
,Recommended,247240,7668349,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Beastiality is Beautiful,A good game if your masochistic.
76561198041995956,Recommended,247240,9746348,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,bahamut66,"Hard does not even begin to do this game justice.  Volgarr could give ghosts and goblins a run for its money...yet, for all that, it is still enjoyable.  It's a frustrating, difficult action platformer, with sometimes annoying deaths that could have been avoided with a little foresight, but overall, quite enjoyable.  It does have different endings and a different final level if players are good enough to earn them and is really quite fun in an arcadey way.  I recommend for those who aren't scared away by a challenge."
,Recommended,247240,22619409,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Windows 98,"It seems to me that everyone's main complaint with this game is the lack of checkpoints. To them I say, this game is like an angry drill sargent, so sucked it up and grow a pair, this game ain't for♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I have beaten the entire game (on xbox) and am now here to grace the PC version with my sheer viking manliness. When I say entire game, I mean the ENTIRE GAME. A, B, and C endings. Yes, it is possible and yes, you can do it. Amazing game.ps You will cry a little"
,Recommended,247240,8035106,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Did i stutter?,So addicting! and So fun
76561198010110667,Recommended,247240,8137025,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Scare Ball,"A very polished platformer that feels somewhat like a cross between Ghosts 'n' Goblins and Castlevania. This game legitimately possesses that 16-bit feel, and is a lot more oldschool than most modern ""retro""-style games I've played.Extremely challenging, but fun and highly recommended to platforming fans."
76561198053055688,Recommended,247240,9708428,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Ginsu,"If you like cool side-scrolling action/platformers than you will love this.  seriously, please buy this game. It's awesome, and the devs need to be supported. only 5% of people playing this game actually paid for it. Don't be one of those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
76561198047936755,Recommended,247240,12574475,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Fake Name,"I'll keep this simple. Watch the videos above. Did it look cool to you? Buy this game. It emulates perfectly the feeling of playing one of the old arcade games that were fun enough to eat all of your quarters. The only difference is, you have infinite quarters. My first sitting with this game is 6 hours. I did not intend to play that long, as there were another couple of games that I purchased awating my attention. Also, I can get easily burned out on these types of games, so that also speaks volumes. If this were that caliber of game, I would've given it only 45 minutes to an hour (15-20 minutes if it was a dissapointment) of my time before ending the session. I was just about to play this game right now, but I felt a motivation to type out this recomendation. Now I'm going to play it. Thanks for stopping by, and reading. Have a good one."
76561198088236284,Recommended,247240,12929478,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,keegantpt,Fun and hard as hell but rewarding and alot of fun if you work at it you can finish the game in no time.
,Recommended,247240,13019280,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,symphony,♥♥♥♥ this game.
76561197979651839,Recommended,247240,14644416,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,stoickid66,"A really fun and challenging game! Really felt like it perfected this genre I remember so well from my childhood.You will die a lot, but if you rise to the challenge and don't give up you will really bond with this game.If you have low self-esteem and no patience,  this is not the game for you."
,Recommended,247240,14670189,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,quigi,i am in pain from how mad this game makes me.10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,247240,15628704,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,@BXNKROLL CSGOPOKER.COM,"Challenging. It's not something you can play for hours, but it's fun. I'd only pick it up on sale.I'm not kidding about the challenging part. Look at the global achievement stats."
,Recommended,247240,14429561,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Ford,"Nintendo-hard, very pretty, responsive controls, lots of fun.  Excellent at incorporating its tutorials into actual gameplay.  Only thing I had to look up is that you can charge up more powerful javelins by holding up for a second or so before throwing."
,Recommended,247240,15513634,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,therubdown,"If you died, it's probably your fault.  Tight controls lead to a great game.  It's challenging, a bit of trial and error, but when you succeed, it feels great.  I need to finish this game, but got distracted by life.  I think it might be time to come back.It's one of those games where there's not much to say outside of the obvious.  You jump and stab stuff, you get power ups, plays like an old NES game in most regards.  Try it out, well worth the time and effort if you have patience and actually want a challenge."
76561198043405450,Recommended,247240,15750792,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,PAULEIGEE,I have to say that volgarr the viking is one of the best retro side scrolling hack n slash i have played. The levels are very clever and the controls are on point. I died alot but i felt like i learned something each time. I couldn't wait to execute my plan to perfection. It felt like i was just playing contra for the first time. Crazy Viking Studios made a kick♥♥♥♥♥♥game. Bravo!
,Recommended,247240,15822799,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,CirnoBaka,Extremely good game that reminds me of Quack Shot mixed with Ghosts n Goblins.  It's like Dark Souls in 2D where you have all tools at your disposal since the beginning of the game.
,Recommended,247240,15649461,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Sleepies,"I love my Volgarr the Viking, he is so bad!Good:- Well platform and enemy design- Smooth action performance but controller is a must- Clever attack and jump mechanic- Feel very rewarding when progress to next world- Multiple endings add replayablilty- Lots of reference from 90's platform game such as Ghosts n' Gobins, Altered Beast and Sonic- True spirtual sequel for Rastan seriesBad:- Unimpressive backgrounds graphics compare to original Rastan- No checkpoint before the boss fight could be frustrating- Zoom level cannot permanently changed to far view"
76561198060344653,Recommended,247240,23493762,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,leonjuanluis,hard but fair
76561197968444412,Recommended,247240,31205872,Posted: 17 April,all,iemander,Incredible game
76561198356677185,Recommended,247240,34781824,Posted: 6 September,all,The Pug King,Oh my I know I haven't played castlevania or anything like that but the game still feels like a throwback the difficulty the graphics the lack of horrendous gaming cliches and grr at the thought of it I'm angry but still I can't beet the first boss but still I play it often overall I can't think of anything bad9/10
,Recommended,247240,28964959,Posted: 2 January,all,Suds1979,"I wish the ""recommend this game"" wasn't as simple as a yes or no. Because I'm on the maybe fence. I suppose if I keep it simple. Is it a good game? Yeah I enjoy it. It's fun to play.However there is a huge, huge flaw in this game which is probably why I will stop playing it. It's too f@cking hard. Don't get me wrong, I love a challenge. But this game basically starts to suck the fun out of gaming.Diffiulty levels? Nope. Just 1... Okay I can live with that. But the two unforgivable features with this game is how every time you die, you have to go all the way back to the bigging of the level. I have since learned that while it might not appear this way, there are actually checkpoints. You just have to beat the boss for each level to essentially save your spot the next time you play.I don't want this review to seem overly negative because I do like the game. I just think it could have been even better. For the price? yeah give it a go. Just be prepaired."
,Not Recommended,247240,31455908,Posted: 29 April,all,Barzillai,"Volgarr is a hit or miss game. It has a lot of issue that leave it somewhere between good and bad. The controls feel...incomplete. Imagine fighting the bosses in megaman but megaman is a lead weight with only melee attacks. Volgarr doesn't have any momentum whatsoever. This is obviously intentional on the developers part but it wasn't ultimately necessary to make the game as ""brutally difficult"" as they intended. It is a difficult game but not because of good game design. It's difficult because you are essentially given unfair enemy placements and death traps and told to figure out a way. The game sort of ramps and wanes in difficulty with me having the most trouble on the fire level because of said instant death traps. The controls are so clunky that anything but perfection will leave you dead. Enemies have a fair amount of health with most things dying in a single hit and bosses taking around 10-15 hits to kill. Except for the bird boss. For some reason he takes around 20 hits. Even with fire sword, it just felt like he had way too much health. Coupled with a poorly designed room and difficult controls (especially while in the air) the game feels like it should have been tweaked a bit more. The sense of accomplishment you get from beating a boss is great so the game has that going for it but know that it can be prone to crashing when you defeat a boss. I'd heard of it but it only happened to me after defeating the bird boss. If you're looking for a game that is simply difficult, (I'd say this is up there with dark souls in terms of 1st playthrough difficulty) then Volgarr is for you. If you want a game that feels polished then steer clear. The graphics are SNES era 16-bit fair and the music is good but those don't help the game to get above a 6/10 from me."
76561198048385355,Recommended,247240,34698524,Posted: 2 September,all,TerezarOmega,"It's a call back to games like Super Ghould and Ghosts, and it's just as hard as it's inspiration. PLatforming is solid, controls are tight, retro aesthetic is always welcome, but be warned, the difficulty is not playing around. Each hit you take strips you of your equipment and if you have no powerups one hit will kill you, and the enemies are relentless.It's a great game, just know what you are getting in to, this game pulls no punches."
,Recommended,247240,35203936,Posted: 25 September,all,Necroknight76,Awesome Rastan tribute that hails back to the days when games showed no mercy to the player.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XveIV07ciZ8
,Not Recommended,247240,20204118,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,William Shakesman,"Volgarr is two different games in one.Played normally, Volgarr feels like a clunky frustration platformer harking back to the old days of Ghouls n Ghosts. Volgarr himself plods along at a decent speed, but is flatly underequipped for most of what the game throws at him. The challenges are simple but Volgarr is simpler. You plod along, hopping about, dying a lot, learning the levels, and generally barely avoiding boredom because nothing in this game is done especially well.Until...You find the second game. As you repeat the levels over and over, you start to get a feel for what needs to be done. You'll brush up against that second game a few times before you finally realize what's going on. The levels are actually meticulously designed. If you move quickly, throw spears at the right times, and generally play the game as if you're speedrunning, the levels will come together. Every single stupid thing in the game becomes easily surmountable when you deal with it the second it comes on the screen. Enemies will line up perfectly to be killed with one spear, platforming will go by as quick as Volgarr's lumbering gait takes him...This is the true Volgarr the Viking. It's not a platformer in the classic since, it's a trial and error speedrunner without the speed. Almost like a rhythm game at times only you can really only find out what the notes are and when by blindly stumbling over them and restarting anew. Since the game's final level can really only be unlocked by beating each level without getting hit and with finding the secret macguffin in each level, this really is what they intended for the game.It's meticulously designed to foster perfect play while doing next to nothing to teach perfect play. Hell, the game barely teaches you the core mechanics except in one of those passive tutorials that people who watched that one MMX1 video are so fond of.The problem is... it still doesn't make the game all that good. Any imperfect run just falls back into that first, really boring game (Only now with the knowledge that you are screwed out of anything satisfying knowing what you missed.), and high-end Volgarr play just does not satisfy enough to be worth the trial and error grinding to perfect each level."
,Recommended,247240,29719798,Posted: 5 February,all,felipe,"Game totally old school, something touched you ... you die kkk (practically).It is necessary to memorize the screen and its enemies and this is not easy.Remains very much the style of SEGA genesis gamesjogo totalmente velha escola, algo encostou em vc... vc morre kkk (praticamente).é pressiso memoriar a tela e seus inimigos e isso não é nada facil.lembra muito o estilo de jogos do genesis da SEga"
76561198112581891,Not Recommended,247240,18637212,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Hioco,"I was really disappointed by this game. At first, I really liked the graphical pixel design as well as the soundtrack, mainly because it's very minimalistic but does not feel like some 8 Bit peeptone concert. Plus it is a game about a Viking, which I personally really enjoy hence there are not many Viking-themed games out there.BUT! The game is not just horrendously hard, it's unfair. Where games like Dark Souls give you enough time to explore and try some moves etc. here you have almost constantly enemies spawning from everywhere and you cannot see them because you range of view is quite small, therefore you often cannot react fast enough. Addicionally the feeling of the jumping mechanic is really outdated for a 2D sidescroller, meaning once you jumped you cannot change your direction exept you do a double jump. But even jumping onto a little block in your way will be pretty difficult because you jump to far. It's supposed to be like this because it used to be this way in the classical 2D sidescrolling era. But it doesn't make it automaticly a good thing. For me it just feels clunky, difficult to control and overall outdated.The problem with the difficulty is that you simply have to memorize where and when enemys spawn and when to jump. When I want to play a game, difficult or not, I do NOT want to memorize everything! I just want the opporturnity to play through with my skill, not because I know that I have to jump in 3,4 seconds.Too bad this game equals difficult with unfairness, at least in my opinion. I get it, there are many gamers who want an expierience like in the classic 80's NES-era platformers, but in my opinion this just doesn't fit today as it did back in the day. Retro gaming in general can be very good and a lot of fun but memorizing whole levels is just a sign for bad leveldesign. It always has at least to be possible to play the game through all by your skill. Due to the design choices overall the game feels kinda dated.Hence this game really doesn't cost much I still recommend to try it out for yourself and probably you will like it better than me."
76561197990024016,Recommended,247240,35251913,Posted: 27 September,all,Aperture Science,"Great game. Responsive controls, beautiful graphics, interesting levels, difficult in a fun way. It's one of those games that's just fun to play, whether you're winning or dying over and over again."
76561197994783669,Not Recommended,247240,31343562,Posted: 24 April,all,alanjames,"Nice looking, plays nice, BUT!!! it is in my view it's just to hard and very frustrating. The game as far as I have played (not past the starting point), had no check points, so I always restart from the start of the level. Also the jump and moving forward does not work so well. The monsters just keep on coming too, you could stand still and they just keep coming at you and you have to kill them. So looks good, play ok, nice retro look, but it is frustrating to try play."
,Recommended,247240,12419940,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Spicer Is Unbreakable,Pretty much Ghouls n' Ghosts 2
76561198090310629,Not Recommended,247240,23677287,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,nordic,the controls feel extremely stiff and when you die you have to do the entire level over again. and all levels are overly long. so this is just boring repetition instead of actual difficulty
,Not Recommended,247240,13530835,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Josh,"This game needs an extra difficulty option that adds in more checkpoints. My problem is not that it is hard but that most of the time I spent playing it I am redoing parts of the game I have already figured out. The repetition kills this game. If they even doubled the number of checkpoints I would play through it. This game does not need as many checkpoints as Shovel Knight, but it does need to cut down on the repetition. This is left over game design from the old hardcore side scrollers and it made the games take longer to finish. Challenge was what made those games good, bad check points do not add anything.Fun game but I can't recomend it."
,Not Recommended,247240,15644178,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,PugLife,"Another game that makes use of cheap methods and trial and error to make itself ""hard"". A severe disappointment."
,Not Recommended,247240,18632071,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Robdoggierob,"Edit.  Not nearly as difficult as people say.  But the lack of save/check points make it pretty lame.  I play in short bursts because I have kids and having check points at more consistant points would make this game soooo much more enjoyable.  I understand it's supposed to be ""retro"" and hard.  But giving us better placed check points does not take away from that aspect.  I will never recommend this game to any one.  Sorry."
76561197995364980,Not Recommended,247240,25559759,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,LiquidNeon,"TLDR: Only play if you like dying and repeating the same rooms for hours.I have tried several set ups, keyboard and controllers (steam and xbox) but to no avail. This game is just batshit insane hard and I can't get past the second crystal in nearly 2 hours. I am all for old school fun and challenge but this went too far. I am sure some folks have a lot of fun with it, but I am not this much of a glutten for punishment.I grew up playing mario and duckhunt, so hard isn't outside of my scope. This is just ridiculous and isn't so much a game of skill as it is just enemy position memory and level layout. The character is clunky too, megaman is smooth as silk, volgarr moves like a 2d resident evil character.Apparently the community dislikes my opinion of this game. Maybe people take my review personally, I don''t know. I simply feel the game isn't fun because it really is hard for the sake of being hard."
76561198166135673,Not Recommended,247240,23072873,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Stoned-Sensei,Game is cool. But the only reason its really difficult is because the controls are not tight. Jumping is a ♥♥♥♥♥ in some ereas cause you cant control your jumps.  Enemies come out in swarms. They dont stop. If you stand still the enemies will just continue to come at you. Literally you could stand there for hours and 1000's would march towards you.  Thats another thing that makes it difficult is the endless spawns. You cant really clear an erea so you can do proper jumps. So you basically end up dyiing at some point. Most of the times it was bad mechanics that got me killed. Im used to these kind of games. I grew up in 16bit mode. Make the controls and jumping a tad more fluid and it woulkd be great.
76561198062389691,Not Recommended,247240,30313617,Posted: 4 March,all,PCMaker,"Neat looking old-school platformerand one of the worst platformers i had chance to play, never before jumping and controls were not so unintuitive, it is hardcore game, unless you enjoy grinding one level for hours before you can play it with your eyes closed, do not botherjumping was really the worst part for me and even after so many hours spent, i did not get used to it and this awful design is just flawed"
76561197976824494,Recommended,247240,7753040,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,kungfurobb,"SNES as it should have been v,v"
76561198153178073,Not Recommended,247240,32327881,Posted: 10 June,all,Coyote796,"Volgarr the Viking is not an overall bad game, but as an avid fan of the Souls series I know when there should be a balance between difficulty and fun and this game falls short of the fun.Plays out like a 1980's arcade coin guzzler and has all the cons of one too."
,Recommended,247240,8115438,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Smiley,"This game captures the amazing nostaligic feeling of feeling absolutely crushed. If you are a very masochistic person who enjoys being repeatedly violated over and over again, I could not recommend this game enough. Volgar the Viking will make you question your life decisions. The control is tight, the level design is compact and intuitive, the enemy design and placement is creative, and Volgar's abilites are interesing and unique. However, a specific mechanic in this game can be either very fun for you or make you want to just uninstall this game and never look back. The fact that you will have to die so many times to learn patterns of enemies, where the pitfals are, how to defeat a certain part. It is an exercise in trial and error. That maybe what you want. But if you are looking at this game as a 'small little challange' then be forwarned, ""abandon all hope ye who enter here""."
,Recommended,247240,15630745,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,genoforprez,"Jump controls: garbageEverything else: excellentI have zero tolerance for the jump controls in this game, so I'm sending it to the graveyard, but I could potentially recommend it for its good points to anyone else who can handle the terrible jumping.--If you don't press a direction at the same time you press the jump button, you will only jump vertically instead of in the direction you are trying to go. This is made worse by the fact that, once your feet leave the ground, you have no control over your character in the air and just have to wait for them to fall wherever the trajectory takes them. This double strike gets very annoying, as the game demands quick reflexes and precision in both platforming and combat.Basically they are going for an old school Ghouls n' Ghosts type thing, but even as a person who grew up on those systems, I can't claim to have much nostalgia for the bad aspects of those games. I mean, I enjoyed Ghouls n' Ghosts and still do, but that game doesn't demand precision out of you right away, does not require you to rote memorize the layout of the level, and has waaaaay more checkpoints.I don't want to give it a thumbs down, because I realize the controls are kind of an homage, and everything else about the game is quite good, but damn. I just hate the platforming."
76561198000312356,Not Recommended,247240,22152059,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,uack,"Unforgiving but not in a pleasant, nor entertaining, nor maddeningly_crazy_but_nonetheless_interesting way (think ""I wanna be the guy"" for an example ot the latter).Pixel art is decent, but not memorable. Animations feels low key despite being  generous in frames shown. The Viking controls are aimed to make him feel 'heavy', not agile: a respectable but extremely risky design choice - resulting movements are far too clunky ad frustrating to be enjoyable.All in all, a low-to-average game which has in difficulty its only notable point."
76561198088773404,Not Recommended,247240,14740323,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,DrakeS,"This game really seemed like it was designed by a person who wanted to enjoy it only himself.-Very difficult from the very beggining. Unforgiving and unrewarding. Really poor in both story and game design.-With a badass viking as the main character, the ambience could have been better, so the enemies and the combat effects.-No possibility to save your progress, and most of the time in order to know how to go thru an area, you have to know it previously, that means you have to die first, do all the level again up to that point and then continue.-You feel like you are struggling against the game, not the enemies, the enemies are quite simple in mechanics.I will never bother to finish this. I actually uninstalled it quite a while ago but im not as mad because it cost me almost nothing. But, anything you pay for this game is actually a rip-off.DONT BUY."
76561198023856766,Recommended,247240,8906043,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,YoRHa Attacker No.2,ARE YOU A BAD ENOUGH VIKING TO KILL THE LIZARD KING? 8/10.
,Recommended,247240,28593045,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,blebsmc99,eh
76561198036247599,Not Recommended,247240,16635666,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Acido,"Controls are similar to Super Ghouls And Ghosts but more responsive. It has a good feeling of nostalgia from the old games and a good soundtrack.The bad thing is that its too much trial and error based, since there are traps / sequences that you won't be able to react for the first time (yes, no matter how good you are). That alone could still be ok, but the game has no checkpoints in the middle of each stage, so if you die at the boss cuz you haven't seen all of his patterns / sequences yet, you have to start from the beggining of the stage all over again and gets a bit boring to do that just to learn a few more patterns and repeat.If the game is on sale and you have some time to spare, give it a try. Otherwise, i dont think its worth it."
76561198014702049,Recommended,247240,11123157,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Lord Tommy,"Eh.. it's alright.  If you want to play something like those old arcade scrollers in the vein of Magic Sword or Ghouls and Ghosts then sure, why not.  Buy it on sale though, otherwise you'll curse the price."
,Recommended,247240,12421932,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Mal'Zael,"It's a very good game with decent graphic to be honest, it just matched with the price (I bought it with coupon) that gave.As you can see the tags above on the store page, it says.... DIFFICULT, Yes, the game is pretty much difficult (imagine first time playing Contra game series) for the first time. I would say I can enjoy the game after you learned the mechanic well. But don't rage and expect 2 hit kill from the mobs that attacking you. ;)"
76561198070908105,Recommended,247240,25405879,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,[-:-] Sparky,"This game is manly!What can I say about this game? It's just perfect in it's own way. From the presentation, right down to the gameplay. And let's not forget one of the most epic soundtracks I have ever heard. Perfect for fans of Conan The Barbarian, and that old fasioned hard core difficulty of the 90s.This game will put hair on your chest! The level design might look bland from a distance, but when you're in the thick of it, it's perfectly designed around all of Vulgarr's moveset. It'll test your metal with obstacles that require perfect timing of double jumping, quick thinking to get out and around traps, and sword play against enemies that are all completely unique from one another.And, depending on your level of skill, there are 3 different endings to find. If you can't handle playing the game in one sitting, you can skip ahead to levels you played, before you actually take on the final boss to get ending C. For ending B, once you've had some practice, take on the game for real and play all the way to the end. For ending A, you're going to have to pump up and get some hidden collectables that'll act like lives to play through a completely alternate path. So there is a lot of replayability with this amazing game, that you should definitly start playing right now!"
76561198147662060,Recommended,247240,13838503,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Alibrandr,"Great game! It's very simple, but at the same time, it's very fun. The game is quite hard, but with a little practice anyone can win. What I liked most in the game, besides the theme, is that the game is well defined, with excellent gameplay. It brings back the games of a time when did not exist such sick combos of today's games. If you're a fan of old school games, you should definitely try. By the way, nice achievements, very honest and fair. Rise again warrior on the wings of the Valkyrie!"
76561197987278548,Recommended,247240,13900402,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,McLucas,"Top tier platformer. Good music, solid controls, fun levels."
76561198125471582,Recommended,247240,14850338,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Wintermute,"Absolutely love this game, and if you games that give you a challenge, this is definitely the game for you, because it is hard.  Incredibly hard.  I've played for 6 hours so far, and yeah, that's not that much, but at the same time I've only now gotten to the end of level two once, and have not beaten the boss yet.  If you liked games like Ghouls and Goblins, or you want the 2D equivalent of Dark Souls, then this is your game.  I also really like the artwork and the music is a lot of fun too."
,Recommended,247240,14885123,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,ej,"Punishingly difficult 2D action platformer. Requires level memorisation and good reflexes, like early Castlevania games, like Demon's/Dark Souls. If you get too cocky, you'll get punished very quickly and will have to restart from the beginning of the level. For those who want even more challenge, there's a secret alternative path, leading to better ending.Good game to play with some friends, passing gamepad around after each failure."
76561198142015596,Recommended,247240,13885250,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Tate,"It lives up to what it claims to be: a modern take of classic gaming.  I wanted to try to find a game that would replicate the feeling from the early days of video games that wasn't quite so difficult as, say, megaman or ghouls and goblins.  It is very easy to find yourself breezing through the first level perfectly after four hours of playing it over and over.   Really fun to try to speed run as you master each level.  Make sure to change the default controls however, I don't like them at all."
,Recommended,247240,13856236,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,The only thing harder than this game is my♥♥♥♥♥♥while playing it 100/10
76561198051876157,Recommended,247240,14881818,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,HKJazz,"Frustratingly addicting, true to its roots and very difficult. The game plays without a hitch and I enjoyed my time on it. Unless you enjoy time trials the replayability is limited."
,Recommended,247240,19919868,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,BuryTheLiving,Great way to start the day- right above getting kicked in the nuts and right below getting set on fire for ways I like to start my morning.
,Recommended,247240,25686013,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,ayetoday,would buy a new controller again.✮✮✮✮½
,Recommended,247240,27926057,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Odin's Son,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is hard
76561198046621898,Recommended,247240,31363652,Posted: 25 April,all,the.degenerate.subspace,100% Awesome!
76561197979456986,Not Recommended,247240,14901864,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,KaiserSose,"3 reasons why I wanted Volgarr to work and the 3 that it didn'tOverall Volgarr is right up my ally.  I have Norse heritage, I love pixel art 2d graphics, and I love hardcore games.  So that being said why can i Just not get into this game.  It boiled down to 3 reasons in the level and game design choices.  1. Infinite spawning enemies that come out of no where. 2. No type of check point system (at least no part that I have been able to get to) 8( so I'm stuck on the first level......  No way to kill enemies when they are coming in from the rear and front simultaneously.  It seems with just a couple of updates and tweaks this game could have as much mass appeal as shovel knight aka sell alot more copies.  Oh well on to the next retro."
76561198135491752,Not Recommended,247240,16720383,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Baddudez,Lol old school hack and slash. Ala ghouls and ghosts.. But I'm too busy nowadays to have this kind of patience.If you like self inflicted pain by death (and alot of it. I died 20 times in the first map) Then play this gameJust not for me.
,Recommended,247240,8562014,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Sam,"Does not SaveDoes have CheckpointsHard 2-D platformerNo air Control. You'll go in the direction you were pushing as you jumped.Fun game, frustrating because of difficulty but fun."
,Recommended,247240,8856908,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Dr. Leh,This game go go die in a fire. In a good way.
76561198005309810,Recommended,247240,8866242,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,The Fountain,"Once the best and hardest games ever made, platform that is."
,Recommended,247240,8391034,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Hamfast Gamwich,Amazing
,Recommended,247240,7999237,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Alzuth,"This game was build to be difficult and I like that.Is like a ""Ghost n' Goblins + Golden Axe"" game.It has everything that a nostagic-90s-gamer-guy like me wanted.THIS GAME IS AWESOME SAUCE!"
76561198038631530,Recommended,247240,7309946,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,nofreewill,"""Hey, lets have a game where there's no check points until you beat the level.""Uh... no. If you want a game that's not fun to play, because it has all the frame ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t of a sega genesis fighting game (you die, even if you hit the attack button; the enemy just attacked 1 hundredth of a second before or after the frames of your last attack ended), then you'll have the mightiest and gloriest of hard ons, one worthy of true member of the nordic master race (or in spirit, if you aren't scandinavian), for this game.Otherwise, if you don't enjoy being frustrated in something as trivial as a video game after spending 2 hours on the bus trying to get home from work after an 8 hour shift (like maybe 80% of people), then this game ain't your cup of tea.It's solid title for the genre though, so I'll give it a recommendation."
,Recommended,247240,28587521,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Bruise Lee,This game is freaking intense. I still haven't passed the first level yet.
,Recommended,247240,18634697,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,The Counter of Strikes,"For those about to die, I salute you.Difficulty level: Old school NES."
,Recommended,247240,17365632,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,George Real,Good
,Not Recommended,247240,16004046,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Xindaris,What happens when you take a sidescroller beat 'em up and give the player exactly one hit?This. This happens. And it sucks. Avoid.
,Recommended,247240,10512226,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,tsoupy,♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME GETTING PAST LEVEL 1 IS HARD
,Recommended,247240,10576671,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Odz,i got really ♥♥♥♥ing mad
,Recommended,247240,12205687,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Trayzlof,Ghouls and Ghosts but modern.
,Recommended,247240,7997087,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,xStanky,"Very challenging, but fun!"
,Recommended,247240,7921481,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Chaplain Snory,This game looks amazing its challanging good for $10.
,Recommended,247240,23904270,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Humuz,Cancer
76561198191536328,Recommended,247240,24487858,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Depressed Kid,Great indie game very challenging and very rewarding when u complete a level.
76561198182434611,Recommended,247240,25140707,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Alfio Rosario,"Must play. Gameplay, difficulty, graphics, music and MUSIC! Too much fun, here"
,Recommended,247240,8146731,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Razomir,"If you're looking for oldschool gaming this title will not let you down. Solid controls, solid mechanics and gameplay, no BS and a great atmosphere will scratch that itch for a good challenge-reward experience. I can think of very little to say in detriment to this title, the best of which maybe a lack of checkpoints and a fairly unintuitive savepoint system (you go left, as indicated by a hint but go figure, it took a while to get how this feature worked properly). Overall this is not a timesink game. I certainly could be if you're into speedruns as it offers the necessary mechanics but aside from that it's a game that you gradually learn and progress through pretty much all based on player skill. Highly reccommended!"
76561197965343601,Recommended,247240,8128588,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,get in the van,"Good game, but very, very hard so it bases longevity on difficulty.  I still havent finished the first level, but maybe I am just awful at the game."
,Not Recommended,247240,16634941,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,relish,bad
76561198037535735,Recommended,247240,18666597,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Burger Von Freedomman,"Pretty damn goodControls are very tight. The game is pretty hard too.There is a very specific amount of things that you can do in this game as far as control and movement goes, but despite that, you have all the tools you need. What I'm trying to say is that it plays like a good NES game.It actually felt like it was my fault when I died and the gameplay was Satisfying.I reccomend this if you have some money left and it's on sale."
,Recommended,247240,10365168,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,WLBH THE THIRD BEST,buy it
76561198052202516,Recommended,247240,10133932,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,caboose,"Buy this game, seriouslly, it's the most fun I have had with a game in ages, 10/10 superb game, super smooth, super hard, super ridiculously fun and addictive."
,Not Recommended,247240,9365204,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Bakkensota,Needs a save system..
76561197998486653,Not Recommended,247240,19753202,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Jean-Nick,C'est beaucoup trop toff ET frustrant comme jeux.
76561198067703112,Not Recommended,247240,18944711,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,ARCWuLF,"CASUAL GAMERS NEED NOT APPLYIf you likebeing kicked in the ballsplaying a really difficult game (and we're talkingSuper Ghouls & Ghostsdifficult), then this is the game for you!No health bar, cumbersome control, lots of cheap hits, and enemies that can move faster than your character are the name of the game here. It isbrutallydifficult, and I have to say that it isn't to the game's credit.Retro gamers will be reminded of the gameRastan, in that in both games you control a barbarian-type character who attacks with a sword while (mostly) walking to the right. But whereasRastanis a game that you can learn from,Volgarr the Vikingisn't. This is mostly due to the fact that when you die, you go back to the last checkpoint, and checkpoints in this game are few and far between. Your character starts with a sword for his main attack, a spear for distance attacks and for climbing up walls, and a shield for defense, which can deflect some projectiles and that you lose after taking a single hit. If you're lucky, you can find a treasure chest that will first upgrade your shield (I have no idea what this does because you lose the upgraded shield after one hit -- it doesn't go back to the normal shield, mind you, it just goes away like the regular shield), then upgrade you to a helmet (that will take an additional hit, bringing your hit points up to two, after which you die), and a flaming sword that I presume increases your attacks (I don't know because I lost the flaming sword every single time after I got it on single-hit enemies).The graphics are pleasant to look at in a 90s arcade sort of way, and the sound is certainly up to par with titles in that vein, but that's about all I can say in its favor.Now, I'm occasionally up for a side-scrolling platforming challenge: I've beatenSuper The Empire Strikes Backon the SNES, every version ofBionic Commandoon every system it was ever made for,Strideron the Sega Genesis and quite a few of the NESMega Mangames. Maybe it's my old age setting in, or maybe I'm just tired of developer B.S., but I'm really starting the hate the kind of cheap, artificial challenge some of these modern platformers are offering by making the game so unforgiving. I've played the game for about two hours, and I've only ever gotten to the second checkpoint (not even the end of the first stage, if there are more stages). Oh yeah, and you have to start the game from the beginning every single time you quit the game and restart, so you'd better get good at those first few areas. I was really looking forward to this game and now I'm just angry that I've purchased it.If masochism and self-mutilation are your thing, then by all means: Go for it! Anyone who just wants to play a fun, challenging platform game can spend their money onSpelunky, Shovel Knight, Axiom Verge,or any of the dozens of other titles on Steam that are more rewarding, more forgiving, and certainly more fun."
76561198023278882,Not Recommended,247240,19403797,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,H&K.KILLER.888,"Liked the graphics and liked the music...and the screen shots are cool...thought it would be a great 2D side scroller like Zelda 2...but i was mistaken...It's hard and not the good kind of hard...Ghosts and Goblins kind of hard...it's good if you are a hard core 2D gamer but my days of ghosts and goblins are done.( i bet James Rolf THE AVGN can beat it! )What bugged me, aside from the long distance between each checkpoint, was the game design decisions! you can't stir yourself mid air, you walk slow and when you try to roll, your character turns around looking the other way and then an enemy will touch you and you will lose armor or die.There is always enemies respawning and lining up behind each other.(I'm sure the developer did that so you can't just bypass enemies and levels ).When you respawn in a check point all your armor upgrades are gone, so if you made it to the check point fully upgraded and then died, when you respawn, you get nothing.If you are near a rope and want to do an air attack the character grabs the rope which in most cases will mean your death or losing armor.BUT atleast there is no timer!It's not one of those good Retro games like Contra or Zelda 2...it's like i said is a lot like Ghosts and Goblins...it's very punishing rather than rewarding..."
,Recommended,247240,3658454,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,hellstorm102,"amazing game, brutal. brutal. brutal"
76561198079530646,Recommended,247240,19340082,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Bou,"A side scrolling beat em up which might be a remnant from the late 80's at first sight. This game nails the retro vibe perfectly in terms of graphics and gameplay. The game emphasizes more on memorization of the level like there is an algorithm to be discovered. It is like a Dark Souls of how to move through the level. The game consists of seven worlds where there are 2 levels plus a boss per world for the first six worlds. It will probably take at least an hour to beat a world. There might be one major game breaking element, that is, when dying at a boss fight you will get respawned at the start of the second level of that world. This might turn people off and you need to take this into consideration before buying the game. If you like games such as altered beast and/or golden axe then you will probably enjoy this game."
76561198003823257,Recommended,247240,31989715,Posted: 26 May,all,Grumpfkin,Completing Volgarr the Viking to it's true ending remains among my fondest memories of platforming accomplishments.  Such a joy. Those ♥♥♥♥ing toads...
76561197995330276,Recommended,247240,10825225,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Ichi,"6 stages, 3 endings super hard if u can beat this game ur the♥♥♥♥♥♥lol dark souls 2 is like kiddie♥♥♥♥♥♥compare to this game."
,Recommended,247240,8101607,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Boyo,"Great. This game is really enjoyable,if you can overcome some stress that this game provides."
,Recommended,247240,7438646,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Ron McGiggles,"If your a hardcore type player who enjoys perfecting level runs, this is the game for you!"
76561198094198821,Recommended,247240,16783624,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,The Triggerman,Meh.
,Recommended,247240,15916052,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Dr. Smoll,LOL IS FUNNY BECAUSE IS DIFFICULT9/11
76561198013317980,Recommended,247240,25036576,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,themastertrevor,always a good way to deflate my ego.
,Recommended,247240,18757271,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,amziraro,"Would not pay full $10, bought on sale for $2.49. Very satisfied with both Game and Savings. Very entertaining.Favourite achievement: VIKING NIPPLES OF STEEL.Works perfectly on Linux, PS3 controller support was excellent.10/10 Would slaughter Lizard Men again."
76561198009388886,Recommended,247240,12417265,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Floozy_Bot,The sickest !@#$ since the Ninja Gaiden series for the NES. Get this game and become a viking legend...or die a million times trying.
,Recommended,247240,13908285,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Chiken | Gamdom.com,I can't play it anymore... since i can't beat the First boss
,Recommended,247240,7997339,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Dr. Henry Killinger,this is where the real dark souls begins!
,Not Recommended,247240,15634793,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Hyperchaotic,"Sure, it looks funny and interesting like some old games (Altered Beast for example), but difficulty is awful and makes game totally unplayable.Scum."
,Not Recommended,247240,10167819,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,amihalas,"The game could be really nice IF developers had something like checkpoints or at least (AUTO)SAVE after the end of each level. Unfortunatelly, they do not provide something like that so if you do the mistake to close the application, after for example you have played 5-6 hours, next time you'll have to start all over again.So, I just decided to unistall the game and I would definitely suggest NOT to buy it..Really sad, cause I would really like to finish it."
76561198045437759,Not Recommended,247240,23995172,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Saint Ballista,"I really like hardcores platformers, but I dont think this one is hard because of real difficulty, i think it's hard because it's impossible to correctly play with the very awkward controls.You will find youself dying all the time just because down+attack = sword slash and not throw javelin, which is up+attack. It gets even more confusing because the game assign these double actions on another keys, so it's really hard to do it all without thinking before.There are better, more fluid platformers out there in my opinion..."
76561198324868072,Recommended,247240,31843985,Posted: 19 May,all,jia2004317,good hard ruthless fun enraging enjoyable this volgarr
,Not Recommended,247240,14121614,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,xx-Brass-xx,"Yeah, I only have eight minutes played. No, I don't really care. I like I think I'm a glutton for punishment sometimes but this game from the outset has nothing good to show compared to other super hard platformers."
,Not Recommended,247240,10746085,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Randen Vanguard,"""Remember when video games were tough?"" Is the opening description of this game.I'm not very good at video games.I can't get past the first level.To be fair, the controls are solid, and the most of my deaths don't feel cheap. The point is, don't buy this game if you're bad at video games."
,Not Recommended,247240,12260995,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,SteppenWolf,This is a great designed platform game. But makes you go nuts. It's not a bad game but it's not for me. I just can't recommend it if you don't want to mess up your nerves...
,Recommended,247240,10087869,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Detective Cotton,hard
,Not Recommended,247240,18655854,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,James CyberLink,"If this truely was on the SNES, James ""Angry Video Game Nerd"" Rolfe would have torn it to shreds, and therefore, nobody would have bought it. If only that were the case, eh?"
76561198069653154,Recommended,247240,24667841,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Leon,"Hi buddies, is there any cheat engine for this game? cauz it's hard as f.u -c-k..."
,Recommended,247240,8013647,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,YourFatherDad,its pretty good i only didnt get anywhere
76574196928248162,Recommended,247240,28254929,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,kim hval,Do you want eternal epic Viking nipples of steel. Finish this game or be forever saggy
,Recommended,247240,31358579,Posted: 25 April,all,LV | Audris,"Pretty fun game but in my opinion, not worth 10 bucks (i got it for like a dollar or two). I don't know how long is it, but it's not too hard as some say in the reviews"
76561197994085048,Not Recommended,247240,16079791,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Remster,"I would normally love an old style 2D action platformer, but without a save system it makes casual play very difficult.If you have the time to play this all in one sitting like oldschool NES games, then go for it. Otherwise I recommend you skip this game."
,Recommended,247240,15995836,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Leviathon,Volgarr: The Souls10/10
76561198161262629,Not Recommended,247240,24552908,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Rayy PNW,"Basically put, most players won't make it to the 3rd checkpoint. This game is so hard, it isn't even fun. Don't spend your money on this. Less then 75% of players complete the first mission on this game. Let's look at some statistics. Only 24.6% of players have even unlocked the achievement for completing the Lizard King Boss Fight. And only 54% of players have earned the achievement ""The power of gray-skill"" which is where you earn the flaming sword. That is the most commonly earned achievement, and only 50% of players have it. That means 50% of people won't even unlock a single achievement on this game, yet alone complete a single level. Achievements are the best example you can use, because they start being tracked once you actually play the game. If you purchase a game and just let it sit in your library, your achievement stats won't be tracked. So that means, once again, that less then 75% of active players will even beat a single level."
76561197970504586,Recommended,247240,7999791,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Lord Kreigan,Excellent game.  Like Rastan Saga when i was a child...
,Recommended,247240,9370702,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,wug,there's no honkers in this game.HOW DO YOU REWARD A VIKING IF NOT WITH A LOT OF HUGE HONKERS
76561197990406921,Not Recommended,247240,20738589,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,MMG Man,This game is quite good but too difficult for me to recommend.
76561198101603478,Recommended,247240,32027378,Posted: 28 May,all,Roki,"Cool visuals, interesting mechanics and loads of unique enemies and bosses... realy, realy chalanging. You have to be pretty hardcore to finish this game"
,Recommended,247240,18541353,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,LyricalWhip,Difficult yet rewarding.
76561198002677637,Recommended,247240,25192389,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Valerius,it good
,Recommended,247240,15722067,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,CryonicSuspension,"I got it for $2 in a sale, which is fair. The game is OK... a little fun. I couldn't help but think that it would be a better experience ( and cheaper ) to download MAME and play Ghosts and Goblins:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIhyjrXVhzgEdit: June 13, 2015. After spending many hours playing through World 2, I'm changing my review to ""recommended"" ( because I really enjoyed the Ocean World ). I did not realise that World 1 was a copy of the original ""Rastan"" video game level ( it looked super ghetto to me ).This game is only for hardcore gamers or someone looking for 1980's style difficulty. It can take several hours just to get halfway through one world. The difficulty is punishing, since you need almost pixel-perfect skills.In Options / Settings select ""Look Ahead"". That way the game will be permanently zoomed out, so that you can see hidden chests. I think it's dumb that the game is permanently zoomed in on your face by default."
76561198170239286,Not Recommended,247240,32619864,Posted: 21 June,all,Bttrthngoat,"Aside from the garbage hitboxes and confusing controls, this game is entirely too hard and needs a difficulty setting."
,Not Recommended,247240,21654998,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Goldensun441,this game is a bit too hard to enjoy
,Recommended,247240,19544618,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,ThatRadioGeek,"Remember back in the day when games actually used to be difficult? Yeah, this one's a lot like that. If you're up for a challenge, by all means. This game's fantastic."
,Not Recommended,247240,13081403,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"This is a fun little throw-back to 16 bit games that were hard-as-nails and required you to memorize enemy patterns to win.  Volgarr the Viking succeeds well at this and there are many speedruns on YouTube that are fun to watch. Unfortunatley this is not necessarily my kind of game though - there is little thought to winning. It is just pure memorization.It can be a bit frustrating at times. I hate choosing whether to recommend or not for this particular title, because it is up to your preferences, really. Just know that you are not getting anything fresh here. It is a good reimagining of old-school side scrolling action games."
,Not Recommended,247240,29690769,Posted: 4 February,all,juantheplumber,Nice graphics and retro atmosphere but fiendishly difficult and frustrating. You're 2-3 hits away from death all the time and there are no difficulty settings. It is a puzzle game where you have to perform the a series of steps in the right sequence to defeat every enemy or challenge. I gave up this game a couple of times because I thought playing with the keyboard made it more difficult but now I've got an Xbox controller and it is still the same. One for masochists.
76561198029403467,Not Recommended,247240,25388214,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Too_Old_For_This,only for hardcore players.
76561198053975397,Not Recommended,247240,34546091,Posted: 27 August,all,holymanfish,"Zero consistancy, sometimes you take damage from touching an enemy, sometimes you don't.  Sometimes you attacks land like they are supposed to, sometimes they don't.  Sometimes when you jump to a platform you land on it like your supposed to, sometimes you don't.  Sometimes we buy games because the trailers make them look great, like they might be worth my time and money.  For this one, I'm telling you, DON'T!"
76561198215878617,Not Recommended,247240,29613487,Posted: 31 January,all,Wasdukannst,"This game is too easy.It is marketed as a good, difficult retro platformer with tight controls,as well as having a healthy dose of viking violence.Of those promised qualities, it delivered only in regards to viking violence,since it is neither good, nor difficult and the controls are decent at best.While this game has a lot of minor issues, I want to focus onwhat I perceive to be the root of all evil when it comes to this game:It's approach to difficulty and leveldesign.Difficulty in VolgarrHaving played through the first three levels of Volgarrand beaten what most players seem to consider this game's hardest boss on the way,I can honestly say that no single combat encounter, jump or platforming puzzlewas even remotely close to being hard to pull off or figure out.Why then have I not completed more of the game in the time that I played it?Because checkpoints are so rare that you need to get past just about a millionof those obstacles in order to reach one checkpoint.This makes Volgarr feel and play like a game of low to medium difficulty,that has had about 50-80% of it's checkpoints removed.This is not how you challenge players.It's how you make them bored out of their mind.Having to run through the motions ploughing through mindnumbingly boringand repetitive combat encounters, just to fail and die at the boss,is neither challenging, nor is it fun.It is aggravating and a waste of time.I just had a glance at the kickstarter page and last time I checked,an ""insane"" boss in a game for the ""truly hardcore"" took more than a couple of tries to beat.While I have beaten some hard games before, I am by no means just that good at video games.This game almost exclusively tests your patience rather than your skill.If you are into that fair enough, but I'm not.Leveldesign in VolgarrFrom what I can tell, there are 3 ways of trivialising pretty much all enemies in the game:-Crouch and slash with your sword.-Kill them from a safe distance using spears.-Make them seperate from their pack and come to you by using spears.That approach to enemy-placement may or may not be retro, that is for others to decide.What I do know is that it is boring, unimaginative, and repetitive.Enemy design is equally bad:With few exceptions, there are basically enemies that will jump at youand enemies that slowly lumber towards you.Both can only damage you by touching you.Needless to say, neither of them are challenging, fun, or interesting.By now you should be able to guess what I think about the platforming and puzzles,so I won't go into detail but instead confirm your suspicion: I strongly dislike them.ConclusionToday I read an old forum post of one of the developers statingthat he wanted a game that played exactly like the games of oldrather than like a retro game with modern influences.That at least makes some amount of sense and explains,why the developers apparently refused to learn from more modern,but actually challenging games like ""they bleed pixels"",which released before volgarr and is vastly superior in every aspect.Avoid Volgarr and get ""they bleed pixels"" and/or ""Wings of Vi"" instead."
,Not Recommended,247240,12179852,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,spacefree,"Unfortunately too hard for me. While compared to Demon Souls/Dark Souls you got some kind of improvement with the time you died, here you start always from scratch."
,Recommended,247240,8582915,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,NeoRizer,"Yet another amazing game idea ruined by the dreaded default ""bastad hard"" difficulty...When are developers going to realize that not every retro looking game has to be impossible to play in order to be deemed worthy of retro revival status? Like come on people.I NEVER remember games back when I was a kid being this annoyingly difficult... like not even close to this hard.I do reccommend the purchase as with some time you could become quite good at it, I however had no patience for such a thing so I found alternate methods of play... of which I enjoyed thouroughly. :)The upside to dying is that at least you look good doing it, praise Valhalla and all that fun Norse stuff.6 / 10It's practically unplayable by the common gamer... or people who have better things to do, like live their lives."
,Recommended,247240,34040594,Posted: 5 August,all,Slash,Quit Rage
,Recommended,247240,5519941,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,★ᚺᛁᚷᛖ | PUBGUpgrader.gg,Probably first to buy this game... xD 1 min after the realese! RECOMMENDED!
76561198036505921,Recommended,247240,13223558,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,ichabod_scream,"Just adding my own 10 cents here. Normally i don't take time to review a game, but i love this one so much that i had to give it a positive vote.The rumors are true, this is a difficult game, but it's not difficult in a cheap way.  The challenges are steep but fair.  There are no cheap tricks here like getting stuck on stairs (Castlvania).  And it never gets so difficult that getting through a certain area relies on luck as much as skill.  You will get better with time and the places that gave you fits will (in time) become your ♥♥♥♥♥ as your skill increases.As much as i love this game, it's still just a notch or two shy of what i would call the perfect hack n slash platformer.  One, it would have been nice to have a standing upward attack as well as being able to raise my shield against attacks from above.  That aside, if your a hack n slash 2D platformer fan, this game is a must have for your library."
76561197983301475,Recommended,247240,15630062,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,RabidUrko,"If you ever liked past arcade platformers , especially like Rastan Saga, you will like this.Awesome stuff."
,Not Recommended,247240,29011426,Posted: 4 January,all,ToaN,"It is obvious when playing that a lot of thought and effort when in to designing Volgarr exactly as is; easily seen in the first 30 seconds.I appreciate modern 'old school' games and they should be lauded; however, an older style completly ignoring the progression of the genre is not fulfilling its potential. It is here where Volgarr fails and often goes from enjoyable nostalgia to annoying or tedious.There is a fantastic experience to be enjoyed in Volgarr, however, it is lost in the desire to perfectly recreate an experience irrespective of whether the mechanic or design decision was required."
76561197982284603,Not Recommended,247240,15633007,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Nekrosekt,"Jumping locks you into the direction you were facing, and there's no short jump and long jump. This control make fine tuning your platforming extremely frustrating."
76561197975711171,Not Recommended,247240,30164680,Posted: 25 February,all,Triangle Man,"Like many arcade machines of the era it emulates, it's repetitive and dull."
76561198157520466,Not Recommended,247240,28081703,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Timbuktuu,"Very challenging. Maybe too challenging. No save points before bosses, so you have to play the entire level each time. I like a good challenge but after several hours, it get tedious. Recommeding if on sale. I paid 3.50 and thought that was fair enough. It's really too bad there isn't more places to save, and that you have to start from the very beginning each time, otherwise I would even recommend this game at full price."
76561198044988821,Not Recommended,247240,10973101,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,coreynkim,"Soo, first off: the game is quite nice on the eyes.  I like the fact that it's a throwback to the old school games like Rastan & such. But, seriously: eventhough Rastan could be kinda hard in places, it's pretty much doable.  This game is a trial on your patience.  It's NOT fun & you will die QUITE often.  I REALLY think that there should be a halfway point save or something.  To mess up almost 3/4 of the way at the end to have to restart the level is not challeging at all.  I call that bad game design. (One of the games I ALMOST recommend a trainer for!!!)Not Good...  :O("
,Recommended,247240,10350431,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,borsdy,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yoxMiZxN-F0
76561198031428750,Not Recommended,247240,26436501,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Has-Many-Nukes,"I ♥♥♥♥ing hated how stiff and awkward the the controls were. I love hard games, but the difficulty of a game (especially a platformer) should not come from fighting the controls. I hated this game the moment I moved Vulgar to the right for the first time. I quit the game and uninstalled half way through the starting area.I now the game wants to be retro and play like some classic difficult old platformer, but it plays like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ old platformer that's only remembered for nostalgia."
76561198157137722,Not Recommended,247240,20266594,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,KingUrameshi,Just tedious memerization. It could have been good but there is no skill to the game just constant trial and error. Literally just stand in the same exact spot each time to avoid being hit and move the same exact way to get through levels. I got to the first boss and figured him out pretty quick and I could beat him but the game is just no fun.
,Recommended,247240,10274892,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,T H E O D O S I U S,5/5 because of the style and difficulty. This is definetly for those who seek various challenges!!!
,Recommended,247240,12095888,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,ActionPoohole,Heaps Wang Dong
,Not Recommended,247240,9073906,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,スコロリと申します,Unfair checkpoints ruin an otherwise great game.
,Not Recommended,247240,9740560,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Annoying Old Party Man,I've made a terrible mistake.
,Not Recommended,247240,8492082,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Stokes,"I'm all for hard games, but hard games have to be fun. There is nothing fun about constantly dying to complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.  I might change the recommendation to 'Yes' later but as of now I feel like I've wasted $8 on a ""LOL Check out How Hard Our Game is LOL"" indie darling."
,Not Recommended,247240,10113679,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Ghostbear,"This game is not a fun game. Its a boring hard grind from start to finnish. The game tries its hardest to kill you in cheap ways, miss time a jump - dead, swing your weapon at the wrong time - dead, use the downward attack (doesnt work 25% of the time) - dead. Start from the beggining of the level and redo it all without any mistakes. If you get hit once on the way to the boss you may aswel restart. It tries to be hard for the sake of being hard which doesnt lead to an enjoyable experience.The game pads its length out by making you redo the levels everytime you die, this made sense back when we were all playing megadrive games and you couldnt save progress but this is 2014 and we have moved on from this artificial style of difficuilty. While the majority of games these days are far to easy and hold your hand through everything this game goes the exact opposite way and too far in that direction. Its hard because you have to remmember the location of every enemy and their attack pattern and the exact way to deal with that enemy in that location, the game is basically one long session of memorising trivial details and then carrying out those movements precisely each time.The game has a certain charm to its style and it can be satisfying when you finnaly defeat that boss you were stuck on. There is pretty much no story, your a viking, go forward and hit things, you pick up gear to take more hits and do more damage, get hit and you lose that gear. It tries to be somewhat of a 2d darksouls, but that game betters it in every concievable way, the game is hard to better portray its story not for the sake of being hard, the combat system far superior etc.Its a hark back to old style games which is fun for 30 minutes and then you remmember why you dont still play those games."
,Not Recommended,247240,23696096,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,motricoman,"hard as hell, but fair.(oldschool hard)I only recomend this game for those people who like memorizing their game,why? hahaha Consider this game a trial and error game,you die, repeat, progress then die.(unless you're a video game god,but you're not)controls are good, you only have two weapon, your sword and your spear.(there are also hidden items)spear have 2 uses: range attack and for platforming.Stages are well design,enemies are soo satisfying to kill(just don't rush or you're going to die)Equipment items are soo fun to level up(by not letting your self be hit). BURNING SWORD is <3Bosses are also well done, hahaha and trust me their soo hard.(hard like a wallnut)soooo in the end, i only recomend this game for those person who like oldschool sidescrolling(hard) games.because you can only feel the fun in this game if you manage to finish a level."
,Not Recommended,247240,8963047,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Cate's fan,"I am sorry, I'm just not into this game. I think it is irritating that levels rarely have checkpoints and the only difficulty is aggressively high. Don't think, I'm a casual ♥♥♥♥♥ gamer. I like Demon's Souls and Dark souls and I am a huge fan of Super Meat Boy and Gothic. Volgarr however seems to remaster only the bad things from our NES era. Why do I have to go through half a level (that is already known to me and its walkthrough already goes automatic for me) only to encounter swift difficult moment that I am stuck in and die in few seconds? Why can't I pierce the wall of an enemy with my spear if they are out of the screen? There is a wall just on the next screen. Why is it so hard for a spear to find it? Controls are not as responsive as it is required for some ingame moments. You know, there is a reason why developers abandon these things. I want to be able to practice one difficult moment in the middle of the level only. I want to try different tactics, learn the patterns, but for every try I have to go through a long starting part of the level that I already know. Sine Mora has special mode that allows you to practice boss fights only.  Super Meat boy does not have checkpoints because each level is 30 seconds long (maximum). Volgarr is not that unique for me to be dragged through already experienced gameplay over and over untill some intense moment everytime I die. I am highly disappointed in this game."
,Not Recommended,247240,10163188,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Worm,"Is this really what all the beloved retro games of my youth were actually like? Probably not. This game is just a vice around your nuts that squeezes until they're about to burst and then stops, after enough time with this vice your balls are desensitized to the pain but I don't think it makes the ball vice experience anymore compelling.I would have never bought this if I had access to a demo. Neither should you."
76561197963549210,Not Recommended,247240,9626765,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Salowar,"Apparently I have misunderstood the concept of tight controls mentioned often when this game has been discussed, but I don't feel  that having to stop frequently to do ranged attacks, not being able to change your direction mid-air (only when double jumping, how is that logical?) and constantly being knocked back by enemies is in any way a fluent way to control your character. I'd understand if you couldn't change your direction even when double jumping, but the current system does not bode well with my mindset of gaming canon. OFC I understand that knockback is herited from old platformers this game seems to be an homage to, but in my opinion, we could nowadays do well without that relic. Also I dislike the notion that you have to go back so much each time you die, but on the other hand many people might enjoy this challenge and in a way I did expect the game to have such a feature beforehand."
,Not Recommended,247240,24640483,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Spleen,"At first I enjoyed game's visal representation and focus on careful movement, but then this happened:After an hour of suffering, I managed to reach a second crystal, and with a great feeling of achievement, closed the game. On the second run, it turned out that I had to finish the whole ""world"" level to save my progress. Whaaa?I'm not an elitist, or a hardcore gamer, with endless time on his hands, so a robust save system is a must, so allow me to communicate some things as clear as possibly:I'm entitled to a progress I've made, no one has a right to take it away. Otherwise market your game as some art project.When a game takes away one's progression, it takes away time, real life time - a capital offence.This game panders to fat pimpled basement dwellers, stuck in their 'ardkore nostalgia. I'll leave them to it, ♥♥♥♥ this game."
,Not Recommended,247240,9362316,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Momentanius,I CANT PASS THE FIRST SCREEN
,Not Recommended,247240,9886724,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,The Beer Baron,Hope you like memorizing.
,Not Recommended,247240,23965404,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,If U Seek Amy,cheap♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,247240,34226964,Posted: 13 August,all,Caetano,"The game consists of a viking constantly dying and having to replay all levels from the beginning, and believe me, it's really easy to die and there are some places where you simple CAN'T avoid losing hit points. Also, your hit points are the pieces of armor that you are wearing, and ANY blow from ANY enemy will remove one of these pieces from you. HARDCORE should mean ""challenging"", but this game isn't challenging, it's all about memorizing your path through the levels instead of getting better."
,Not Recommended,247240,10231494,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,my banner is as big as ur mom,Its hard. Too hard for KneeHi.
,Recommended,247240,18537717,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Genebris,All negative reviews of this game are made by crying casuals. It clearly shows that this game is perfect.
,Not Recommended,247240,34203515,Posted: 12 August,all,Dingus Khan,I really wanted to like this game but this game is hard in a way that's not fun. I usually like hard games where you die and have to try again several times. However in this game the checkpoints are very far apart so when you die  you go back really far. At the end of my time with this game it became tedious whenever I died and went back to the start of the level and I realized I wasn't enjoying the game anymore.
,Not Recommended,247240,29039618,Posted: 5 January,all,spiritsongtress,"This game is NINTENDO HARD. I didn't even make it past the FIRST level... Literaly,  You're basically WILL BE 2-hit killed. Excpect NO mercery it does look like a GREAT game, if you can get past the difficulty.And this isn't 'fair' like Dark Souls , I mean I am sure it is, but because your always 2 hits away from DEATH, its a slog."
76561198014913462,Not Recommended,247240,10114406,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Illimitus,"What makes a game great? Difficulty? No. Progression and a sense of overcoming ever increasing challenges? Yes. Perhaps the developer wasn't trying to make a great game, perhaps he was, but bottom line, it's a BAD game.It's not hard to make a bad game. Consider this; let's take Diablo II, a game heralded as best of its genre even after all these years, could I screw that up? Easily, by tweaking something as simple as drop rates, or damage etc. Just look at Diablo III for proof.Thankfully, the PC game is a forgiving medium, look at what Aarkalash did, they made their easy mode easy. Volgarr has no different modes, and thus is such a niche game as to be inaccessible to the market. Folks that grew up playing games like Rastan (and still do) would find this offering a waste of time. Rastan is better. Why would I play Volgaar?Maybe buy this game for 50 cents. Maybe."
,Not Recommended,247240,26276956,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,FurrySnowflake,"The graphics, sound, and plot are kind of nice, but it sucks to die so easily and to have to restart every time."
,Not Recommended,247240,8025937,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Derboburba,"Game is garbage.  Developers need to stop designing games that test your patience and memory more than reflexes.  I don't want to restart the second level thirty times because I haven't figured out all of the patterns in it yet.  it's basically a dancing game like DDR, just learn the dumb patterns of the ruthless and annoying enemies.  But you know what, I guess I'm just not hardcore enough for the game because I don't like restarting the same level until I have lost interest in playing the game and going through the same segments until they become dull obstacles that have lost all of their intenisty and challenge."
76561197970426707,Not Recommended,247240,34212902,Posted: 13 August,all,Earnie76,the difficulty level of this game makes flappy birds seem like a puzzle on the back of a happy meal!
76561198039117178,Not Recommended,247240,30807888,Posted: 28 March,all,Big Daddy Nasty,"good game reminds me of valdis story and guacamelee good controls cool artwork the only problem can be the difficulty , there are times this game is way too challenging and not enough save points"
76561198008083865,Recommended,247240,16722774,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Walkoprops,"Do you like playing games for fun?Do you enjoy winning a game no matter the difficulty?Well ♥♥♥♥ off, this isn't a fun game! It's hard as DEATH METAL DURING THE APOCALYPSE OF VIKING NIPPLES OF STEEL!"
76561198047947133,Not Recommended,247240,34546574,Posted: 28 August,all,L 9!,"Not worth the $10, its not even worth $1 i paid for when it was on sale.LAME!!"
,Not Recommended,247240,10542668,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Mikaroni,"This is the worst game I have ever played. Ever. It is incredibly hard, and there are NO wayoints. I can understand that people like retro games, but this one uses all the bad things games used to do. No way points, clunky controls edge of screen enemies that repeat."
,Not Recommended,247240,8051017,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Butternuts,"the game is too hard... some people may like that about it but at my age gaming is something I do to relax, not get frustrated at. Should have added an easy mode that has check points."
76561198130030270,Not Recommended,247240,34157032,Posted: 10 August,all,Kovar,"This game is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ the mechanics in this game are very terrible and you can only fix the game controls to a certain extent im sorry ""Adult Swim"" but instead of worrying about color blind mode in this game and adding 6 different color blind modes actually spend time working on the game."
,Not Recommended,247240,12624443,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Megsz,"Odd control scheme, way too hard and it crashed to the desktop when I finally beat the first level with no saving... Cool idea, poor execution."
76561197969908751,Not Recommended,247240,31633809,Posted: 8 May,all,[FOAD]Iron,"It's no fun whatsoever playing the same level 10 times in a row because the developer couldn't be bother with checkpoints or saves. Or anything. This is a PC here, not a newbie console. True PC gamers loathe newbie consoles and all of their checkpoint/auto-aim/linear crap.This game is utterly ruined by one hideous flaw."
76561198014893519,Not Recommended,247240,25979684,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,woppmof,"The game difficulty is too hard for me. When you die you have to start from the beginning of the map, very annoying"
76561198127676889,Not Recommended,247240,12458733,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,archegos,Horrible game play. I can't believe I wasted money on this....
,Not Recommended,247240,210591,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,Pwny McPwnPwn,Maybe the worst game that I've ever played (move over Wild Metal Country). It's marketed as an extremely difficult platform game and it is. But the difficulty stems from♥♥♥♥♥♥controls.  I never got past the first ♥♥♥♥ing level and probably never will.I bought this game because some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on YouTube recommended it (after they gave him a free copy). After playing this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I unsubscribed to that♥♥♥♥♥♥ At least it wasn't that expensive (£8 or so).Pwninator score: 0/10.
,Recommended,247240,10136648,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,SnuteS,Broke my headset.10/10
,Recommended,247240,10135236,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Powdered Toastman,"Very enjoyable, challenging old-school game. retro 16 (or 32) bit graphics. tight controls (though not perfect) and an addicting level of difficulty.My one qualm is that with the game's design, and thats THAT YOU CAN'T SAVE. Spend an hour getting past just the first level? Quit after spending a half hour on level 2? Well, bad news, because you'll have to start straight from the beginning with no saves or continues if you choose to quit the game (which any normal human will do, at some point or another).That's right, its just like an arcade game-- which is clearly the style this game succeeds at emulating-- no saves or continues once you stop playing. You get checkpoints, 1 per level, whilst you play, but once you quit that's it.I love the game, I really do, and I was lucky enough to get it on sale for less than $5.00, but I can't help but feel a little ripped off due to this single element of the game.That being said, some will thrive from the old-school challenge, experiencing deja' vu from the 80's-90's arcade era-- knowing that it's all or nothing. Once you stop playing or run out of quarters, you'll have to try again next time right from the start.For its challenge, controls, retro appeal, and sheer enjoyability, this game deserves an 8/10. The no-saves feature holds this challenging Castlevania-style game back from being a fully-fledged game. Again, some will really love that, but in these days where time is a constraint for most, its a nuissance."
76561197960440063,Recommended,247240,10116519,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,GetHimToTheGank,mETAL aS F***
,Recommended,247240,10116563,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Reconsct,"Not much more can be said for this game that hasn't been already.  It's a beast in  difficulty for sure, but at the same time it also makes it that much more addictive that you want just ""one more go"".The only absolute downside is the fact that there is only 2 checkpoints where if you die that you will restart. One at the beginning of the level, and one at the middle.  Plus if and when you quit the game the next time you start it back up you find yourself all the way back at the beginning of the first level. There is no saves. Your progress is only as far as your gear will allow you to get before you die, and start at the last checkpoint and/or start the game anew and begin at level one with just a basic sword, shield, and spear."
76561198049080473,Recommended,247240,10117413,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Pokey,"For anyone that was born and bred on coin-op side scrollers I highly recommend this title. Its definitely a knod to the classic Taito game Rastan. Its controls, I feel, can only be played with a pad or old school arcade stick, however. Each section requires you to learn a new technique before advancing inevitably to your death. Its very tight in execution. You will feel frustrated not with the game but with each devicive challenge in your way. I like the visual hitpoint system of each layer of armor and sword upgrade is an additional hit, and the timing for the challenges is enough to encourage repeated attempts. I have a fear however that later levels may be insanely challenging, if so I'll eventually hit my frustration wall and be done with it but here's hoping...."
76561197970506324,Recommended,247240,418404,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,CreepyCrawly,Wish the ♥♥♥♥ing game would work.........  Seems to work on lower end graphics cards but sucks for the rest of us with bigger cards
,Recommended,247240,10120513,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,"Lord SIGSEG V, Dumper of Cores","Highly Addictive, high difficulty, Jump 'n Run, Killing enemys, and retrying... mostly dying/retrying.But everytime you die, you get motivated to get further and further!The game has some nice meachanics (gotta love dem spears!). Though the Keyboard controlls are quite nice, i suggest using a controller, just because it feels more natural (and epic).Another reason to buy it: You are a badass(!) viking!"
76561198068765633,Recommended,247240,10121681,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Enchilada Chordata,Beastly
76561198044633176,Recommended,247240,10150640,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Vauin,Masochism Simulator 2014
,Recommended,247240,10265561,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Atticus Zed,"Many games these days attest to having ""NES hard"" difficulty, but only a few truly understand what that means. Volgarr the Viking is one of those precious gems. It finds its difficulty, not in cheap deaths or overpowered enemies, but by giving you a variety of ways to deal with challenges and leaving it up to you to decide which course of action will lead to success, and leaving it in your hands to execute it flawlessly.Every step towards the end introduces a new challenge, combining existing traps and enemies in a new way, forcing you to rethink your new strategy on the fly or die trying. It is not unfair, however, and introduces any new traps or enemies well in advance on their own, before blending them with any other traps or foes.The secrets are superb, especially Thor's blessing, which (as far as I've seen) requires the unwavering courage to climb down to the very edge of a vine to strike at a hidden wall, or down-thrust your sword into a flower that spews deadly spores straight into your face.This game is certainly no slouch. It will break you, but if you have the strength to persevere, you will rise from your own ashes and pay this game back every blow it has dealt you."
,Recommended,247240,10179079,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Puru,Rise Warrior
,Recommended,247240,10343597,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Lemonade Warrior,This game... almost made me punch a hole through my monitor (true story i was this '            ' close ).9/10
76561198096758804,Recommended,247240,10330557,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Nicholas,Dangerous mysteries drive this moving and compelling military dog story. So vivid and contemporary that it could be happening here and now!
,Recommended,247240,10368709,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Drawer,"Awesome! Flashback to NES games like ghosts 'n goblins, Castlevania etc. guaranteed!But if you are easily angered, better don't waste your money on it.Also, better buy a controller to play better.Each boss i defeat i really feel like i'm getting stronger and gives the feeling of reward.A couple of tips:Buy a controllerToggle zoom outTurn off key combo's (up+attack=spear and down+jump=roll)Use that thingy you usually turn off while shooting noobs at Call Of Duty (ur brainz ;) )"
76561198101346090,Recommended,247240,10193396,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,crow35722,love it hard♥♥♥♥♥hell just like rastan :()
76561198029190809,Recommended,247240,10225542,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Fuocofire,"A lot of people say this game makes you memorize the level before you can beat it.  These comments are completely wrong.  The game and level design is great to the point of teaching the player all the dangers of a level before they will resonably die to them.  The rules are laid out plaining for anyone who is willing to pay attention.Although, this game is truely difficult and you will memorize the levels from replaying the same parts over and over again but in the end it is rewarding and fun.  While the first three levels you will play multiple times, the final levels you will find yourself completing in only a few runs as the previous stages taught you the skills needed to be a real viking (digital realm only).This game, unlike a lot of indie titles on steam, is worth it's full amount."
,Recommended,247240,10221507,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Fearnor,Definitely a good game although very hard! Played around 8-10h and I just started World 3.
,Recommended,247240,201115,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,[ Rushock ],"An excellent throwback to the old platforming days. If you're looking for a Castlevania or Ninja Gaiden type game with a respectful difficulty, this is your pick. Music and animations are great too. 10/10."
76561198031576167,Recommended,247240,9637334,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,MegaWood,10/10This is a very good game that presents an incredible challenge for any hardcore platformer fan. It’s very similar to Ghosts N Goblins in both difficulty and style of play. If you are a casual gamer I would recommend looking elsewhere as you probably won’t survive the first level. The only way to advance further in this game is by trial and error and learning the levels inside and out. You will die countless times but each time you will find yourself getting further and further until you eventually advance to the next brutal stage. This game is what a hardcore platformer should be; it’s much better than something like the Angry Video Game Nerd Adventure.
76561197971124032,Recommended,247240,8334746,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,John Deez,I can see this will be a frustrating ride but when you pull off some sick♥♥♥♥♥♥it's amazing.
,Recommended,247240,8344113,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Zeus,"Volgarr is truly a game for the fans of old school NES games like Castlevania or Conan. If you remember the frustration that these sidescrollers brought you and want to relive that in a similar fashion, this game is for you"
,Recommended,247240,8323918,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Sultan Wilfred,"Bloody hell this game is hard. There have been times where my death was all on the game. As I progressed I learned how to use items to my advantage (Talos bless that shield). For the love of everything in existence, BUY IT."
,Recommended,247240,7440484,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,OPfaggott,"This is a game that makes you rage the hell out of your self. It took me 6 full ours to pass the first world,and I am now try harding and failing on the second world. This game's graphics arent so good, but it still brings back that old 2000 gamer feeling."
76561198005984771,Recommended,247240,2339808,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,PsychoQueso,"new era old school game, super challenging with awesome pixel art and epic sound track. ♥♥♥♥ YES!"
,Recommended,247240,646882,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,Spore,"The experience of playing through Volgarr was amazing to me. The rate at which you get better is mind boggling, from taking two hours to beat a world to being able to run through the whole game and get the best ending with no deaths is some serious order of magnitude type improvement I haven't had in other games.If people are looking for a game they can concretely say ""I'm getting better at this!"" while playing, this one is at the top of the pile. It helps that it's wicked fun too."
76561197966961253,Recommended,247240,10114661,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Cruentus Liber,"What an awesome old school platformer, i LOVE it. i hope indie developers like this continue develop this kind of games forever"
,Recommended,247240,8444291,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Myrddin Wyllt,A very good but extremely difficult roguelite slash-em-up.A must buy for fans of Rogue Legacy and Spelunky.
76561198034422263,Recommended,247240,8634305,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Seathan,"Eeexcellent game.  I just wish there were more checkpoints / save spots. Just a bit more. I can advance for 10 - 15 minutes and die and have to start from the beginning again... Come on. Either put more save spots, or put more gear (being able to pick up enemy gear perhaps - (since gear acts like health)....  I love this game anyways, I keep playing it again and again... But maybe an ""easy"" mode would be a wise idea to get more people to buy your game... Keep the hard mode though :)"
,Recommended,247240,8662959,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Drezel,"Pretty neat you're a viking and stuff 7,8/10"
,Recommended,247240,9624530,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Jamin man xXp0PeXx,Rad
76561198011742563,Recommended,247240,9286846,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,jagosplint,This brings back the 'classic' in gaming. It's tough but fair.. Which is the best kind of challenge. You learn from your mistakes and get better with every death.
76561197960884797,Recommended,247240,21437507,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,[THC] Brad,"I love this game!! Played it so much and could never beat it. It has great rewards for good play. It rewards you the better you do, as you find secrets and hidden paths. Truely a homage to old style platformers like megaman."
,Recommended,247240,15645800,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Arkham,"This game is incredible. It is challenging but also addicting at the same time. A big amount of patience is needed as there are times where you may become frustrated, stressed, or angry. You will die alot in this game, but the beauty of it is you will learn more about the game and improve.Volgarr The Viking, I hate you and I love you."
,Recommended,247240,7686450,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,NinesThousand,"Havent gotten far in this one yet but I will say that it should be noted that this is, for all intents and purposes, a RAGE game. I still like it alot however and plan to keep playing. The mechanics and level design is generally good. Its done in very much an oldschool style which fits the theme well."
,Recommended,247240,16854304,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Mecatro,"La única cosa que le hace falta, es la edición soundtrack o el soundtrack como un dlc :c lo necesito-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-The only thing it haven´t is the soundtrack, in DLC or in Völgarr the vinking soundtrack version"
,Recommended,247240,17096335,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Gaihun,One of hardest games i have ever ended.-Gameplay is very responsive-Good replayability-Harder than NES's Megamans-Sometimes can be frustrating-It worth what it costsCheck this Gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AlKnOdIhH-w&list=PL1yqWiFvAHOu9tNrz6VpBrmQhm7GwuWaJ
,Recommended,247240,17106375,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Zebra Nation,"Take the enemy spawns of Castlevania, the platforming of the original Prince of Persia and the Gear-Based hit system of Ghosts and Goblins, throw a pinch of Viking awesomeness in that mix and you have Volgarr (though I'm pretty sure Ghosts and Goblins is still harder, I'm sure at least SOMEONE made sure more than 5 people could beat Volgarr.)This is a game that belongs to an age where you would get 1-3 video games a year as a kid and your option was love that game and get good at it, no matter how sucky or hard it was, or just go back to playing your old games. This is not a game you play casually to kill a few moments or to sit back and relax with. This is the kind of game that from screen one slaps you in the face and says, ""I dare you..."" This is the kind of game you brag about beating, put on your resume and call home and tell your mother about.The only thing that sets this game apart from an actual nintendo game is infinite continues and the forgiveness of not sending you back to the start of the game with every other death.This is not a game for the casuals. This is a game for champions. This is the game that if you beat, the Valkyries will descend from the heavens en masse and carry you off to Valhalla where you will be afforded seats of honor, the finest of meads and only the most worthiest of champions to do daily battle with!"
,Recommended,247240,17344860,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,PeachyPup,Volgarr the Viking! Purchase today and you'll also recieve the 'Bang Head Here' level-destresser plank! Odin!
,Recommended,247240,17363217,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Kaiju_Greg,Harder than a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but still really fun.
,Recommended,247240,18920481,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Dad,--Chill--Fam--
,Recommended,247240,18865973,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Sweetshit,"Great game, very challenging and nostalgic, not only graphics-wise. Refers to classics such as Altered Beast and Shadow of The Beast."
,Recommended,247240,18883096,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,blooscr33n,How to play Volgarr the Viking:- Start the game- Fill a tankard with mead- Rage after 30 seconds- Drink mead and refill tankard- Rage even more after 4 minutes- Ragequit after 9 minutes- Love the gameIt's brutal. It's hard. It's unforgiving. And for this reason you will love it.
,Recommended,247240,18969196,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,gosmadomar,RISE WARRIOR
76561198024035942,Recommended,247240,7928593,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,ЖNameless,Rise warrior!!!
76561198093014461,Recommended,247240,17511455,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Bassmatrix,Broke my hand in frustration. 5 Stars
76561198077264908,Recommended,247240,18818194,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,downonmyniece,"Beard flops around too much whilst jumping, 3/10."
,Recommended,247240,18942828,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,cyka,This game made me bluescreen my computer within 5 hours.Would recommend.
76561197966772921,Recommended,247240,18931562,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Groo,"SpoilersI have done my best to keep this review from spoilers so that readers can enjoy it without regretting reading it. As with food though, there might be some traces of ""allergens"".My experience of older gamesI grew up playing the Sega Master System, Sega Mega Drive, Super Nintendo (SNES), and Game Boy (first generation). I found it appropriate for me to write my first review on this particular game since it belongs to a genre that I hold very dear. The SNES console is my all time favourite game system.GraphicsVölgarr truly captures the feeling and aestethics of games of the past! People who have played a game called Rastan seem to recognise elements from that game and while I never played it, based on pictures on Google I see why. The enemies and levels are clearly inspired from that game.The graphics remind me, however, of another game which I think Völgarr resembles at least as much: ActRaiser II. This game was released on the SNES console and Völgarr's graphics are defenitely 16-bit. The character's poses, movement and moves and also the music and variance in level themes resemble in a way those in ActRaiser II.One thing that reveals Völgarr is a modern game is the background/the horizon which has been blurred to give a sence of depth. While the purpouse is obvious, I have never seen that in a 16-bit game and would have preferred graphics limited to the style of the time. Sence of depth was very well achieved in the old games too, but one pixel was one pixel and could never be blurred.GameplayThis game could easily have been published back in the early 90's. The character moves just like in a viking/swordsman/fantasy themed SNES-game: Relatively slowly, giving a sence of weight (muscles, armor, weapons and muscels). The attack moves are slightly delayed and need to be perfectly timed just like in the old games (if you remember games like Altered Beast you know timing is everything!)The controls are 2 buttons + arrows / 4 buttons + arrows depending on how you choose to play. if you want one button for each action, you go with 4. I chose to go with 2, which means e.g. that throwing a spear = UP + ACTION.Let's just lean back for a moment and enjoy the nostalgia...Right, let's continue!One of the main themes the developers advertise in the game trailer is dying. All of us who played NES, SNES, Game Boy, Sega Master System or Sega Mega Drive games know what it feels like to fail over and over and over again. It was so frustrating, yet addictive. You HAD to beat that level and you HAD to figure out what series of moves and attacks the boss had in order to beat him/her. Völgarr captures this beautifully! Just getting through the first level/world and beat the boss feels like conquering the world! (The developers of Völgarr have been kind though - back in the days you had often limited lives, limited ""Continues"", and sometimes no checkpoints at all!)After a while, when you decide to play the game all over again, you suddenly realise how good you've gotten at this game. You're wielding your sword and throwing spears as if you were born doing so. That moment made me smile - it really brings back memories...My thoughts (who am I kidding - you know what I'm gonna say!)I LOVE THIS GAME and anyone who grew up with or has ever happened to fall in love with 16-bit games in particular will too! I began this review feeling quite sophisticated but after writing this and realising how much I really like this game, I end up feeling like a kid on saturday morning - waiting for my best friend to come over for a sleepover with snacks and video games all night!I really have to try to fix my SNES console (showing black sreen of death)..."
,Recommended,247240,18516993,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Maddog McGee (Z.X.U.),"This game was made for people who have alot of extra time on there hands and love replaying levels over and over. Why do I say this? Because its the hardest game I have ever played in my life! I am at eight hours of play time and have only made it to the second level! Why you may ask? Well because it has no save feature so every time you are forced to have a life, job or break. You start back at the begining of the game! It said I can walk to the left but it dosn't freaking work for me if I exit the game. That said I still think the controls and game play are perfect. all it needs is a save option because I have a job."
,Recommended,247240,18351283,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,CassU,"Prepare to die. A lot.Not sure if I should thumb this up or down.Nothing wrong with the game, it's just so hard. So frustrating.Or I might just be bad at it.."
,Recommended,247240,18619707,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,deadbeat.png,I really like this game but I am so bad at it!This game is beautifully crafted and brutally hard and I just don't have the patience for the rage!but I would give it a 7/10
,Recommended,247240,20715917,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Cherenkov,Jesus christ I hate this game. 10/10
76561198009278251,Recommended,247240,20780175,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,TRevrockrock,"DO NOT play this game.  If you wanna put on your horned bone helmet, rip off your shirt, stand in a doorway with a spear yelling a lot, and say, ""I'm a viking! Lets DO THIS!!""  Don't.  Why?  Because your manly viking body is gonna be smeared across the Earth in like ten seconds.  Then you will get better, then your gonna get smushed again.  And again.  Then your gonna be lizard man pizza.This is a HARD game.  I snapped and pulled the plug on my computer.  ""No, you don't get a proper shutdown you bleep bleep!!""  That's when the curses come out and people are scared to come see what the matter is.  You know what I'm talking about.I haven't played it since.  It's a really good game.  I would just rather not pull my hair out to have some fun in this life."
,Recommended,247240,21363732,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,D4r10,"Yesterday, around 1 AM, I made it my life's calling to get the 4 Minute Abs Achievement and I'm not ashamed to admit that I ended up needing 50 minutes of trial and error to make it.Every single second of frustration mattered nothing when I got to play my last and best run, as I jumped and rolled and slashed like a perfect death machine.It was probably the most satisfactory experience I've ever got from a videogame, ever. Also, when I woke up this morning I found out I had a long breaded beard, and inside it, a full set of armor which I'm currently wearing at work.DO BUY THIS GAME."
76561198038443654,Recommended,247240,21245265,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,lsbill,"If you want to beat it, you have to master it. Arcade madness."
,Not Recommended,247240,21182004,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Shawnecy,"This game is clearly a modern updated take on Rastan. That was a game I liked as a kid but never got much into because the game never seemed worth suffering its own difficulty. This game falls into the same category for me. It's got so much good stuff, but the start-over-from-way-back-when-you-die mechanic really died out for me with the Super Nintendo. The notion that fun is replaying a large section over and over again where one hit equates to failure isn't my cup of tea anymore. It also features that other classic mechanic: knock-back-on-hit (if you're lucky, not straight into a pit). So despite the moderately udpated retro graphics, a decent soundtrack, and controls that feature some depth, the game fails to be something I'd recommend in general. If you're looking for an old school feel in a modern package, this may be one of the best offerings in that regards. But for someone who has played hundreds of those games, and is no longer looking for that kind of time wasting or frustration potential, I have to pass. 6/10"
76561197999020440,Recommended,247240,20986908,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,CrabJuice,"Honestly, if you like challenging(!!!) games in the metroidvania style, you'll love Völgarr the Viking. At the moment of writing this I have 11.2 hours on record and I've only cleared 2 whole levels so far (but that's mostly down to me being terrible at every game I've ever played) and yet, I'm still enjoying myself when I play it.If you're on the fritz about getting it, buy it during a sale, so if you end up hating it, the money won't feel ""wasted"" as much."
76561197970409239,Recommended,247240,23905123,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,MistaLee,"REALLY enjoying this.  At first I was a little skeptical, there's a couple things that don't feel really responsive enough, like an old Amiga game or something relying on animations a little too much... but after a while I got into the groove and realized there's good depth there.My main issue is the check points being SO far apart, and then there's a big boss guy, and he kills you, and you're back at the start of the level again... that old nemesis.  But, it's really fun getting back to that point and seeing your skills increase.  I just wish it was progressing through new levels more quickly.Overall, if you're a fan of challenge, it's a good buy, and the developer seems like a really great guy who deserves your support."
,Recommended,247240,23634126,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,codo,"Not for the faint of heart. If you pride yourself on conquering old school platformers (not Mario, the really hard ones), then this is the test for you. Great all around."
76561197967938568,Recommended,247240,7335520,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,jyoung,"The elder among the menlooked deep into the fireand spoke loud with pride:""Tomorrow is a fine day to die."""
,Recommended,247240,18940456,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,rokku,"All right, comparing other games to Dark Souls possibly the most unoriginal thing I could possibly do, but I'm gonna do it anyway. Volgarr the Viking is pretty much the Dark Souls of 2D platformers. In a similar way, you need to think every enemy as a serious threat. Progress is slow and you must move carefully.Challenge is a nice thing, but I think this game is way too unforgiving. The most obvious thing is the lack of checkpoints. If you are defeated, it usually means you will go to the beginning of the level, and that may get super frustrating. And that happens easily, because the character can only take like 1-2 hits. I'm actually pretty okay with that, but I just don't like the lack of checkpoints. Have at least a few more, huh?The game itself is still pretty good. The jumping controls may take some time getting used to (think how it was in the first Castlevania games, as you can't move during your jump, but at least you have a double jump to once turn in the air). Graphics are nice, not the best there is, but still they do their job. Game itself works very smoothly.Still giving a thumbs up. Only recommended to those who are ready for challenge and trial-and-error gameplay. Difficult, but rewarding."
,Recommended,247240,7995221,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Aleusks,Even after finishing the game you'll want to test yourself to see how fast you can do it. Has everything you'd want from a retro game.
76561197971712306,Recommended,247240,7995996,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,M5,"Good, extremely solid game. Among the best of 8 to 16 bit era."
76561198016253320,Recommended,247240,7997114,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Dansken,"f*ck me this game is tough, wat"
,Recommended,247240,8028816,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Druaightagh,"If you loved Rastan (or games of the ilk such as Ghost 'n' Goblins / Ghouls 'n' Ghosts), as I do, you'll love Volgarr the Viking.  In other words... it's a fantastic old school, side scrolling, platforming, hack'n'slash!  Superb!"
,Recommended,247240,8352974,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,jimmyhazard,"Oh man... Did you game in the 80s? Classic NES such as Ninja Gaiden and Wizards & Warriors? Do you love a game that is unapologetically tough (but not unfair)? Do you remember sinking quarters into Stryder? If the answer is yes, this game is totally for you. No save points, just check points. You die, you start the level over. Get to the boss and die? You start the level over. Quit the game? Start the game from the start. Never unfair or cheap, this game pushes you (much in the same way as Dark Souls but this isn't near the sadist/masochist relationship of that).I can't recommend this game enough for us in our late 20s to late 30s. This is the stuff we grew up on. A fantastic homage. If you like metal, it's like the Skeletonwitch/Havok/Municpal Waste of video games.MAYBE some of the youngins will join the club of tough games for toughness sake. And maybe we'll let them in. ;)"
,Recommended,247240,8260688,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,LunnDee,Sofa King Awesome
,Recommended,247240,8021573,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,chiisu~,THIS GAME IS REALLY ♥♥♥♥ING HARD ♥♥♥♥good though
76561197970265293,Recommended,247240,8023320,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,TP Crisis,Next best thing to Rastan.
,Recommended,247240,8024461,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Riouxthless,"Hard, Hard, and not forgiving. Great old school style but if your not into games that requires redoing the content over and over again just to get through it you might want to pass. Other then that it's great."
76561198019437760,Recommended,247240,7789195,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Santo,"This is not a game for everyone. Period end of discussion.This game toes the line between challenging and unfair, and it does it beautifully. If you play it, you will die, a lot. You will die learning the best ways to combat different enemies, you will die learning to master the jumping for the admittedly simple platforming, you will die learning the level, you will die learning the attack patterns of the bosses.However, when you vanquish the boss for that first time. When you surpass in five minutes an admittedly short level that before took you forty-five. You will feel like a king.Its a must-buy if you, like me, love games that provide an incredible (One could almost say unfair) challenge. Otherwise do not bother, it will be a waste of your time."
76561198034184832,Recommended,247240,15666086,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Bizm☭rck,"Vikings? CheckOgres? CheckFlamin swords? Ain't no Thoros of MyrSpears? Present.Muscles? Aplenty.Hardcore? Not as much as meat boy.Super Mario? Almost.Am I drunk? No, but I'm having fun.A useful review? Not in the slightest.tldr; I recommend the game, with reservations."
,Recommended,247240,15681485,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,tN|Steve-nC-,"It is fun enough. Difficult because of bad controls and input lag from long movement sequences. It reminds me of an NES game that was limited by design, which made the game harder than it should be. For instance, when you roll, you freeze at the end of the move for no reason.  The jumping mechanique is awkward as well.Still, it's worth checking out for the right price. However, it is a frustrating platformer due to the bad controls."
76561198064182878,Recommended,247240,15684170,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Tarengar,"This game is hard and i mean hard, if you like ghouls and ghosts then this is for you,if you dont like dying and end up having a rage then this IS for you as you will end up breaking your controller/keyboard.There is a save feature ONLY during the the start of eatch level and you access it by walking left at the start of the level. and the checkpoints are far apart which makes it even more hard.Nice graphics,nice Sountrack.Will rage again 10/10"
76561197998161719,Recommended,247240,15773764,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Zhiggy,Awesome game.- Really challenging- Cool fights- Works well with keyboard and controller- Sound is epic- Volgarr is a badass!8/10 Do buy.
,Recommended,247240,15787328,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,DigitalSoSaltyFrog,Old school 2D Brutal platformer excitement... Bam!Buy this game if the miss the SNES platforming days!9/10
,Recommended,247240,15705180,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,savaze,"Do you like games that are brutally hard, just for hardness sake? Then you've found your game! Volgarr is the lovechild of Ghost 'n Goblins & Altered Beast."
76561197985018630,Recommended,247240,15705976,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Billy the Banana,This game is like a Kaizo Mario version of an SNES game that never existed. You are forced to observe the exact characteristics of your simplistic abilities and squeeze out every drop of usefulness--or die. Brutal but fair.
,Recommended,247240,15706895,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,BltD|r0flc0ptah,Very cool platformer. Reminds me of Kirby and Super Mario but in a Viking Universe. Definitely recommend.
,Recommended,247240,7597804,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,milk,"One of the most rage-inducing games I've ever played. It's incredibly hard, but extremely addicting. Play this game."
76561198031638093,Recommended,247240,16564307,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,asterisk2,I played this game for 4 hours and I'm STILL stuck on the 2nd maps boss. The game is amazing - from the superficial point of how it looks (awesome retro style) to the unforgiving gameplay. You'll sweat like never before while playing this game from how ♥♥♥♥ing stressfull it is.11/10 would buy again.Made a gameplay vid if anyones interestedhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=73IuNAeBsn4
76561198074238103,Not Recommended,247240,16535169,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,ekbooyaslom,Really hard to play game
,Recommended,247240,1880848,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,mooware,"There should be a warning label for games like this, and it should say ""Warning! Old-School Hard!"""
,Recommended,247240,13803302,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,1GoldGunFTW,"If your looking for a retro style game then this is the one for you. Volgarr the Viking is an awesome game that takes you back to the NES and SNES days. One thing that might turn you off on the game is the difficulty, this game is by all means simply HARD!Great Pickup for your Library"
,Recommended,247240,918678,"Posted: 23 September, 2013",all,Doge,AWESOME game! But I want this to be released on Linux :(
,Recommended,247240,13814485,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,TetrisRick,"Like laying face down on the highway, cheeks spread, and waiting for the next 18 wheeler to make you feel like a woman."
,Recommended,247240,13873255,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Novibear,This game is hard... I am bad at it. If you like the superold castlevania games i recommend it.
,Recommended,247240,15931738,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Darude Xrd,"spark of sheer brilliance. Developer knows what platforming were used to be about, solid gameplay, little story no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t just you and the challenge of beating the game before you. 9+/10 i'd give 10/10 but some backgrounds are a bit messy in the game however sprite work is great."
,Recommended,247240,15627755,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Lil Roguey,"Volgarr the Viking is a great throwback to the times of yore when 8-bit platformers were in their golden day.  Smooth controls, lots of enemies flooding the screen, good soundtrack and a classic double-jumping mechanism add up to make Volgarr one of if not the greatest late-model 8-bit action platformer to be made as of late.  Ignore my run on sentences and purchase Volgarr now in time for a frustratingly fun weekend!"
76561197993394765,Recommended,247240,15629372,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,OmniViral,Brutally awesome.
,Recommended,247240,9039345,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Muscle Moose,"9/10This has got to be the hardest game I've ever played... and I love it. It's so satisfying to learn each world to the point where you get point-perfect movement and the flow needed to reach the boss. You aren't God, ya know? You mess up and you're done for.Game's got a good feel. It teaches you elements of each level at the start of that level. Really good game design. It's really gratifying to destroy the boss of each level, considering how hard it was to get there, keeping the gear you acquired, no less.The game makes maaaaany, subtle references to older games from the 90s, and does so quite well, even.Great music, great art, really immersive.The one lost point is for the level before the end boss. Never a fan of fighting every enemy in the game one last time.I highly recommend this game. It's a great game."
,Recommended,247240,9012002,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,TreeButtSmash,"This is basically a love letter to anybody who has ever played and loved Rastan. That's me. I haven't even seen a boss yet and I already love this game. I've seen testosterone gains after my first five minutes. My fifth pectoral muscle has started to grow in.After this and Super House of Dead Ninjas, I'd trust Adult Swim Games to name my babies."
,Recommended,247240,1696440,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Biff Hardjaw,"This game holds true to everything it says it is. A challenging, classic action game with solid gameplay and pleasing graphics and sound. It combines features from many old-school favorites and with the simple design and straightforward gameplay it yields a massive amount of fun for those who dare to venture forth into the savage lands, beckoned by Odin! RISE FROM YOUR.. ahem, RISE WARRIOR!"
76561198095339757,Recommended,247240,9190950,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Sweaty Mercury,"This game has all the difficulty of NES and old arcade games without the loads of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Everything you need to know about gameplay mechanics, enemy behaviors, and other hazards is taught implicitly before you're actually in any danger.If you like games with a retro feel and dificulty level, Demon's/Dark Souls, Super Meat Boy, Hotline Miami, etc. etc......you'll probably like this.Pretty Great/10"
76561198008157353,Recommended,247240,9197137,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,[N.O.O.B.] David,If you like classic Castlevania (1 and 3) you will love this game
,Recommended,247240,9198647,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Lunaclysm,"tl;dr makes you feel like an absolute badass. Satisfying action, hard old-school game feel, turned me into a man. One of the few games on all of steam I've actually bothered to get all the achievements for."
,Recommended,247240,6818831,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,LegendRS,"So glorious! I recommend this brilliant and classic game!""Bouncing pixel t*tties? I approve this game."""
76561198009939794,Recommended,247240,2606456,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Rauke,"Shinobi meets Ghouls'n'Goblins. If you like your games to be easy to understand and direct, but nevertheless quite tactical and challenging in their gameplay, this game might be for you.However, be sure to understand that ""being great"" is mostly about ""doing great"" and not so much about ""feeling great"". :P"
76561198069378347,Recommended,247240,7644594,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,FeloniousSpade,"Who liked the sega genesis? Someone... I'm sure. Anyway, this game looks like a genesis game and plays like Castlevania. It's crushingly hard, as you would expect from a viking, but it's chock full of action, secrets, and characters with really great abs. MY abs were even toned by playing this game. Also I sprouted a full beard and skinned a bear with my teeth to make myself a loin cloth. Don't play this around bears. For their sake."
76561198015898660,Recommended,247240,9368057,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Waffle Washer,"You ever play Contra and say to yourself: ""This is so freaking cool, but total bull crap! How the hell do they expect me to beat this?!"" But you still play it, and love being its slave.Yeah, it's like that"
76561198043356212,Recommended,247240,8736724,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Dux,This game is fun and challenging but having to start over at the beginning of the game every time just to try to learn the next level becomes tedious too quickly.
,Recommended,247240,8814844,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,sugarsnsalts,Amazing game!  Very nostalgic!  The platforming spears is an excellent machanic.  I love this game.  It plays best with a sega saturn controller.
,Recommended,247240,8816007,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Just Some Sean,GAME IS GREAT!!Twitter: @FredDinkohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jn8BeUyLAGo
76561198058654553,Recommended,247240,8798772,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Nvjihɔiw,"This game is ridiculously fun. It's claim as a Nintendo Hard game is completely true; not thinking your way through the game will result in death. Not that death requires you to not think it through, you'll just die less from thinking. Knowing and personalizing the controls is the first step in beating this; being able to have every control down will help a lot, since this game requires you to be able to deftly dodge and strike when needed. The bosses can be very puzzle like, since you need to know when to dodge, strike, or otherwise act.Volgarr has two attacks: sword and spear. The sword will probably be used most often, but throwing the spear not only gives you a ranged attack, but can also MAKE A PLATFORM TO STAND AND JUMP FROM. That's incredible! And this isn't just a feature, you are required to use this ability to make it through the game. Alive. There are many secret areas that make you think ""I know what to do, but how"", as you need to figure out where to throw spears and where to jump onto those spears.Volgarr, being a viking, is a badass. Enemies, being dangerous, can rip Volgarr's armor off to kill him. You don't have a health bar, so much as armor. You start with your shield, a buckler. THEN you upgrade to a better metal shield. THEN you get a helmet! THEN A FLAMING SWORD! Each hit you endure will take a piece of armor off, until you have no shield and thus cannot block attacks. This makes being hit a punishment, not an inconvenience, which I absolutely love.Notes:You can try to avoid enemies altogether to stay alive.You can zoom out, making the graphics better and plan ahead easier.You can set the Zoom out to Toggle which will help a LOT.You can try to learn all the controls, I mean ALL, to look badass and flashy while also retaining armor.Bottom Line is; I love this game and absolutely recommend it's full price. It's hard but very rewarding, in a way that games like Rastan, Dark Souls, older Zelda games, and even Super Mario World portray. If you are easily angered, however, probably don't buy this. You will die a lot before you develop a strategy."
,Recommended,247240,8912525,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Serdones,"This is easily my favorite side-scrolling arcade-style action game, and generally one of my favorite games of 2013. I love the well-designed action and platforming mechanics, around which the enemies are designed cleverly and with plenty of variety between levels. The art design is really nice too, except for 5-2, which looks cluttered and uses an ugly shade of mauve. I definitely recommend Volgarr to anyone who wants the challenge of oldschool games, only with the polish afforded by decades of innovation."
76561198011760742,Recommended,247240,2730232,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,Stagortron,"So if you like rogue legacy...your probably gonna like this, another awesome 2d platformer thats bonecrushing hard, but its a bloody good time that should be best played by everyone, Use a controller, not a keyboard lol and for the love of god NOT THE BEES!"
,Recommended,247240,8607121,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Cosmic Cretin,"If you like the old school games that kick your♥♥♥♥♥ this is an omage to those games and is really well polished, definitly recommend."
76561197977047059,Recommended,247240,15639574,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Zedek,"Incredibly fun. They've done a great job with this game. If I were to have one minor complaint, it's that I can't press up on the d-pad in order to have Volgarr block upwards (similar to how you could in ActRaiser 2). That aside, I'd have to say the game is perfect. If you enjoy skill-based 2D combat action platformers, this is absolutely the game for you. Just think of ActRaiser 2 on SNES, Legend of Zelda 2 on NES, or perhaps Gargoyles on the Genesis; you get the idea."
,Recommended,247240,15639991,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Cla$$ic人 -M-,This is realy good game. Hard i know but  still great game
,Recommended,247240,15158102,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,DaReputableJesus,"I've finally beaten this f***er!VOLGARR THE VIKING was probably made to torture people. I mean I literally was close to crying once after the hundredth-retry. I'm not kidding! Volgarr is hard, extremely hard... but not unfair. Every mistake you make is your fault, not the fault of the game. If i had to describe the gameplay of VOLGARR THE VIKING I had to choose this: A combination of CASTELVANIA, GHOULS AND GOBLINS and THE LEGEND OF ZELDA2 THE ADVENTURE OF LINK. Those 3 games combined but ten-times harder. And trust me it's difficult to make a game that is harder than GHOULS AND GOBLINS. Playing Volgarr is kinda like playing memory... on acid. If you would hand me a piece of paper and a pen I could draw a map for all the levels I've beaten, without looking it up. I know every bit of this game by heart and if you play it through you will too! So is Volgarr a good game? YES it is! If you are looking for a challenge, there you have one!Oh and buy a 2nd controller. You'll break one during your play through I guarantee it!"
76561198168575391,Recommended,247240,15146349,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Toborian,castlevania on steroids 9\10
,Recommended,247240,15212555,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Widowmaker,"If you enjoy 8-bit & 16-bit era action platform games, this is the amalgamation of four decades of improvement to the genre. It's tough (old-school) but fair. If you stick to it and hone your own skills, Volgarr should prove more than a match for anything the game throws your way. Also, the epicness of finishing a level unscathed is an awesome reward in itself.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,247240,15345098,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,🌵 Agati the Animal 🌵,"Remember when games were tough? Return to the Golden Age of arcades with a hardcore action experience that pulls no punches. Volgarr the Viking features simple controls, high challenge, and meticulous design - combined with hand-made pixel animation, an epic soundtrack, and buckets of blood."
76561198069224857,Recommended,247240,15676676,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,organicpeach,made it to the 2nd checkpoint. punched myself in the head i got that stressed out 10/10
,Recommended,247240,15679656,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,-[FF]- Pendleton,"The game is a simple sidescroller action title, wherein every time you go through a section without taking damage, you get a semi-permanent addition to your health and armor and weapons, assuming you don't lose them to damage being taken. It's a neat little concept, but not quite enough to carry the game. There's nothing wrong with the game, but don't expect it to stick out other than for its decent difficulty. I guess if I had to make a comparison, it would be like eating a regular piece of toast with a little butter on it. Not really bad enough to make me spit it out, but it's not delicious enough to make me want a second helping. It's just kinda there. Get it on sale if possible."
,Not Recommended,247240,15689242,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Zandman75,"A game being ""old school"" kind of difficult is one thing, and I can understand having to start from the beginning of the level in which you were brutally murdered. Sure.- but having to start from the very beginning, each time you start the game?No. That's just being a d**k.I already did this thing back in the 80s."
,Recommended,247240,15660625,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Xcrypto,"I finally got it :).Yess, It took me nearly 5-6 hours to perfect my gameplay and I am looking forward to finishing it and rocking all the way.[I did not play the game Rastan but this game reminded me the times when I played original Robocop on NES.This was one of the toughest I played at that times.Good old nostalgia.]This game frustrated me in the beginning and I could not call it fun as it is supposed to be but then this game just opened its heart and I could see the soul.All in all, if you got mad at the start then take it slowly to learn the mechanism."
76561197999367581,Recommended,247240,15693770,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,KrackFiend,"This game rehashes the difficulty of videogames in the late 80s/early 90s.No save points every 5 seconds, no regenerating life bars and no setting the game on Easy mode and facerolling through it.Instead, this game facerolls you.  Its the hardcore mechanics of the game which make it challenging and rewarding.  Definitely worth the purchase."
,Not Recommended,247240,15694542,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Ice Cold Vaginal Discharge,"The game is designed to screw you over, over, over, and over. To the point where the controls are a little unresponsive. If the controls were flawless then I would recommend this game, but it's designed to be the hardest side scrolling game in history and with it's bad controls I agree with it."
,Recommended,247240,15625869,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,generic,This game is the original Castlevania but better and it has Volgarr in it. It's 80% off right now go buy it
76561197977535275,Recommended,247240,15651322,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Kaylexandria,"Invented swear words that never existed before, and thats just the 1st half of level one.  10/10"
76561197992494675,Not Recommended,247240,15661859,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Dantalion,"Would be an awesome game, but the devs could have made at least the first 2 levels easier...Way too hard, no explanation, no tutorial, welcome to Pain Simulator."
76561198081116602,Recommended,247240,15006462,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,arbruffett,Volgarr the Viking has to be one of the most overlooked games in a long time. The game is punishing but fair. You hate yourself for loosing alot and feel waves of acompleshment at even completing the first level. (which took me 2 days) The craftmanship that they put in to this game is evident in the high skill cap and focus on speed running mechanics. I would suggest anyone look up a speed run of this game and then buy and play the first level.
76561198108808983,Recommended,247240,15717986,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,showmeyourhits,"It's funny you spend hours just trying to get to the boss, and then you gonna spend another hours just trying to kill that little beatch."
,Recommended,247240,7461876,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,snorky1929,An incredibly well made homage to gaming's past glories and future successes.
,Recommended,247240,8001419,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,GraphicJon,Best use of beards in a testosterone driven warrior epic of plateforming excellence.
,Recommended,247240,8001815,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Reva,real old good hardcore. Pump up your skills!!!!
76561198052966839,Recommended,247240,8003801,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Spanky Elgrondo,i you can buy this game it is abolutly worth it. like the game description says it is super hard but it is fair. beating a level makes you feel like a total bad♥♥♥♥♥ and you should feel like one becausethe game is so hardcore. the spear mechanic works amazingly too. i will give this game an 8/10
,Recommended,247240,800015,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,Smacketh,"An awesome, challenging old school style of action platformer with loads of style and precise controls. Give it a go if it fits into your preferences."
,Recommended,247240,8025740,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Paralelogram,"Prepare to hate you life! In the best possible way! This game is brutally hard, in a very satisfying way. It feels wonderful and rewarding everytime you clear a stage. Definitely worth the price tag, with tons of replayability in order to get the perfect runs or speed runs. Feel like a badass, check it out!"
,Recommended,247240,7324243,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,TurMeFs,A great mix between Rastan! and GnG.Highly recommend this game for anyone who's into oldschool games.
76561198078781755,Recommended,247240,8027870,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,thatbrownguy64,An extremely well done reminder of the classic arcade games that used to be incredibly challenging
,Recommended,247240,8028245,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,MegaSeveN,"This is definitely a game made for a small audience, and I'm super grateful to the developers for making it. You only ever have two weapons: a sword and a throwing spear. The sword can be used in a few ways and upgraded to a fire version (if you're good enough), but the real star of the show is the spear. Not only can it be used to attack enemies from afar (infinitely), but it can also be used to make platforms to stand on by throwing them at walls. And that's not just a fun gimmick... there are numerous chests out of reach through normal means until you find clever ways to throw spears and make paths to them.That's also how much of the battles unfold. It's not really a good idea to charge ahead and hope for the best so much as learn how enemies attack and make deliberate movements in order to vanquish them. The bosses work the same way too. Believe me, you'll die plenty of times fighting them, but each death helps you learn their pattern and once you know it, you can bring them down without taking a hit. Thank goodness for unlimited lives, eh?Just in case it isn't hard enough, there's actually a harder alternate version of each stage (with limited lives) that you can only get to by playing the previous stage near-flawlessly. And the only way to get the best ending is to do that for every stage.If you miss the good ol' days of fair but unrelenting difficulty, pick this sucker up."
,Recommended,247240,8101237,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Riisoz,"Fantastically difficult in a Super Meat Boy kind of way. Good time waster if you have the patience to keep playing after a really BS death. Possibly a good game to play while in queue on League of Legends or any downtime during another game.Other games that fit this genre of 'games to play while you play other games' would probably be: Super Meat Boy, Binding Of Isaac, Hotline Miami, Rogue Legacy.I haven't played much but if this were my type of game (as is the case with many friends of mine), I could see it being very fun to attempt to do the same thing but faster, smoother, or more carefully. Again, if you have the patience and like games that you are most likely going to have to keep playing doing the same thing over and over again to progress you will probably like this game.Recommend a Controller7-8/10"
,Recommended,247240,2064734,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,DuckyBread,"Goddamn, this game is tougher than a pot of boiled ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!BUT IN A GOOD WAY, HONEST!It truly does live up to the claim of being hard like the games of the past. It's tons of pattern and level memorization, and always remembering what powers are at your disposal.The game is unforgiving, but does not ONCE treat the player like they're stupid. The game KNOWS you're smart and challenges you to prove it through tough enemy, trap, and obstacle placement. There's tons of trail and error, so be prepared to restart a board many a time until you know it like the back of your hand.That said though, the boards can be quite lengthy, which makes the fact that you have to clear them on one life a bit of a chore (given you have to restart from the beginning every death). That's one complaint: no mid-way checkpoints. But I suppose that's something modern games have spoiled us with. So not really a complaint, more like a ""UGHHH MODERN GAMING WHHHY"" point.Although I do have a legitimate complaint: The controls. I've been playing with a 360 pad which is a no brainer for me given this is a side scrolling platform which, in my books, demands the precision. Now, having said that, I find the controls while responsive and good, can also be pretty clunky. Does that make sense? No? Well lemme try and explain.You basically work on 3 inputs, A, X and your joystick (d-pad). A jumps, X attacks, and your joystick moves. Simple right? Well, holding up on the joystick draws your spear, and then pressing X throws said spear (and with later power ups, holding up for an extended period powers your throw). I'm not sure if it affects play or not, but sometimes while jumping, I'll hold up and draw my spear, which often gets me killed. I'm not sure if it adjusts the player's hit box while doing so, but I'm going to say it does for the sake of my argument, although it may turn out I'm just crap.Second point: You have 2 jumps. A standard leap, and pressing jump once again while in a jump will cause you to spin your sword and perform a double jump. Pretty standard fare, right?Well, if you just plain press jump, you'll jump straight up and be unable to move, but if you move and jump, you're committed to your jump arch (think original Castlevania style). So, ok, not so bad right?This is where things get UUGHGHHHH.If you are in mid jump arch and double jump without holding the intended direction you want to go in, your second jump CANCELS your jump arch.Now I know WHY they did it, for more precise platforming, but it can really mess you up if you don't anticipate the game. And one slip up means you can be toast and have to start all over again. It's a bit frustrating.GOOD POINTS THOUGH!The simplistic controls take getting used to, but they can be mastered easily since there isn't a whole lot of complexity to them (besides what I listed above). And while restarting a level is a pain, the pixel art is soooo gorgeous and the animations are so smooth and nice that it eases that pain a bit.As well, the game does a great job of building avatar strength through the power up system, and the best example of this is through the spears.Just plain Jane, you can throw a basic spear and more often than not, it'll kill an enemy in one hit and destroy itself. A second upgrade will give you a shield that can block up to two hits. Now this third upgrade gives you a slightly cooler looking shield AND powers up your spear. How does this affect your spear? Well now you can ♥♥♥♥ING PIN GUYS TO WALLS! It's so bad♥♥♥♥♥ let me tell you. If you can nail a line of enemies with a fully charged spear, nothing screams satisfaction like watching them all get sent flying by your man-missile. Upgrades beyond this add additional hit points to the player, and eventually a fire spraying sword.In short, if you're looking for a classic feeling game with a steep (but rewarding) challenge, pick it up!If you're looking for something a bit more relaxed, you may want to look else where.I give Volgarr an 8 out of 10!"
,Recommended,247240,7797679,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Stumpy,"This game is almost as great as it is manly.  While I get pumped about anything involving Vikings or throwing axes, this game is definitely worth the hype.  Solid gameplay, great soundtrack, appropriately minimalist story, and I just can't get over how smooth everything feels.  The developers obviously spent a lot of time and effort fine-tuning the movement and combat mechanics.  You'll realize that as soon as you start playing.I highly recommend this game if you enjoy a challenge in the form of a brutal, NES-style beat 'em up."
,Recommended,247240,7792854,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Jorji Costava,"A perfect game for masochists. Inspired by super-difficult SNES/NES Platformers like Ghouls and Goblins, Volgarr the Viking will make you frustrated, depressed, yet unbelievably satisfied if you beat one of the stupidly difficult stages. I love it :) (I havent made it past the 3rd World yet, but I havent completely given up on it yet)"
,Recommended,247240,7335676,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,☕ Aragorn 🐧,seguindo o  clássicos de jogos plataforma hardcorealtamente recomendado para quem não gosta jogos facéis.following the classic platform hardcore gamesHighly recommended for anyone who does not like easy games.
76561198028410089,Recommended,247240,7811003,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,lastfirstborn,Old school.  Has a sort of Sega feel.  Challenging but extremely rewarding upon completion.  Great controls and concept.  Made by a company that has made fun character action games in the past.  VIKING MIGHT.
,Recommended,247240,7814093,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,1objection,"A difficult game filled with several enemy types and unforgiving bosses. I really liked it because it was difficult, but more casual players won't enjoy this."
76561198051372395,Recommended,247240,10903939,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,cheesedude66,"This game is tough beyond all reason, but I enjoy playing it anyway. It's a fun hack and slash game where you get to play as the biggest badass viking to ever walk the (digital) world."
,Recommended,247240,10644349,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Carbon Exile,gud gaem
,Recommended,247240,10499355,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Blu-J,GAMEPLAY:8/10STORY:Not sure that there is oneBuy it. Definitely a trial and error game. Very Dark Soul's esque in terms of difficulty. Great styling and controles are solid.
,Recommended,247240,10759318,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Mamajumbo,"A great old-school platformer, kinda hard at the beginning, but as you try and try again, you quickly become better and better at this game who hosts great soundtracks and dynamic fighting. I recommend playing it with a controller as it is the true way to play such games."
,Recommended,247240,10774753,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,BeeAre,As a kid I would have spent tooooo many quarters on this.Very similer to Rastan.
76561198087443046,Recommended,247240,10847766,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,MEXIDANKUS BARTHOLEMEWL,A very fun game bringing back the challenge of the older arcade/Nes and the feel a great game for hardcore gamers but may be a little offputting for casual for its diffuculty
,Recommended,247240,10785953,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Hobo Fish,"Really fun. Mostly trail and error, but you feel pretty badass once you get it down."
76561198048273422,Recommended,247240,10681410,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Wrable,"I love this game. I hate this game. You die so much, but when you finally attain sweet victory it's so good. Practice practice practice is the key, it's easy to be competent, but if you're a perfectionist or a completionist, nothing short of mastery will serve. Excellent for speed runs, it even comes with it's own clock."
,Recommended,247240,11485937,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,kellstyle,"If you like torture by pixels, pick up this game. I've been playing for about two and a half hours and I still can't get by the second level. Maddengingly frustrating, but an overall satisfying 16-bit experience. One of these days I will win... one of these days."
,Recommended,247240,7389561,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,duderamabomb,It's hard but ♥♥♥♥ing worth it. Do yourself a favor and pickup this game.
,Recommended,247240,7622141,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,deadcrazyoldman,Rise Warrior
,Recommended,247240,7871984,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,LeCroy,addictive
,Recommended,247240,11312375,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,The Glorious One,gud gae
76561198081999903,Recommended,247240,18732281,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Coec15324,"On a scale of Vi to King, this definatly earns a King.The controls are tight, and work great on a keyboard (once you change the inputs. I recomend seting all the required actions to the arrow keys, z, x, c, v, and space).Alot of the fun in the game comes from playing the same level over and over again until you conquer (spelled wrong, idk) everything and learn all of it's secrets.Learning how to beat each enemy is fun, and the enemy variety is good enough, and gets better for some of the later levels. I also love how the bosses have a set pattern so you can actually defeat them by being smart and looking for the openings that come afer their attack patterns instead of it being some luck of the draw hoping that they don't hit you with a super strong move.The game is punishing enough to give you a sense of acomplishment upon completion, but not so much that you won't get the hang of it after...maybe an hour of throwing yourself at the same enemy over and over until you find their weakness (with the exception of that red bird enemy who makes absolutly no sense to me and I just couldnt find out his attack pattern for the life of me...but I just kinda ran past him and it worked out fine).Best rage game I've played since Super Meat Boy (better than SMB in my opinion) (also, to keep you from looking through my 100+ games, no, I played no other rage games...except maybe Rogue Legacy, but I don't count that, and even if I did, Volgar is still way better)10/10 must try"
76561197965280178,Recommended,247240,7997778,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Daravon,Fun Castlevania style platformer.
,Recommended,247240,8012611,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,timesovgrace,"Holy crap, is this game hard. At first, that is. You'll either give up within the first 20 times you die, or you'll adapt quickly and feel like you've actually accomplished becoming a total badass. Reminiscient of early SEGA Genesis era hack and slash, but with some (for the most part) smooth controls and no health/lives/save system, this game really tests your skills. I recommend to anyone who enjoyed altered beast growing up, someone who really enjoys a challenging game, or anyone who loves blasting Amon Amarth whilst drinking mead from a horn shaped cup."
76561197960999276,Recommended,247240,8015357,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,R13-The 2nd Type,"If you have fond memories of Ghosts & Goblins, Super Ghouls & Ghosts, Rastan, and Castelvainia 1 then this purchase is a no brainer.  This game has an old school play style that provides loving discipline while punishing lazy or rushed players.  This is a game where understanding your enemies weakness and changing your tactics to correspond after failing is often rewarded with success.  There are few games out there that provide this experience and if you are willing to endure many deaths you will find this game is more rewarding then most modern titles."
,Recommended,247240,8018515,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Lunchbox5388,"This game is tough. Thats not at all a bad thing however. Its challenge is reminicent of the old school days were finishing a game was a true accomplishment and something to brag about to your friends. With few checkpoints and depending on how much armor you pick up its a one hit death really adds to the intense feeling you get with each enemy on screen. If calssic sidescrolling games with a controller throwing toughness sound good to you then this is the game for you. With that being said, i deffinetly reccoment a controller for this game, i wouldn't play it without one."
76561198038024544,Recommended,247240,8008094,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,fatbody75,"This is only my first impression, but I immediately loved running through the level, learing the rules of the world and then just wholesale slaughtering the dark minions that oppose Volgarr.  I will update this recommendation if necessary, but so far well worth the price of admission."
76561198015004027,Recommended,247240,8011904,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Diablo,A cool version of Ghosts and Goblins with a Dark Souls-like feeling of reward. A lot of fun!
,Recommended,247240,8235731,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Pearl Hogbash,Viking nipples of steel. Become richer than the King of Sweden. Rise warrior!
76561198037358315,Recommended,247240,8301388,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Perrylicious,Oldschool platforming at its finest!
,Recommended,247240,8420072,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Weedian,Rated Triple M for Manly Macho Men.
76561197976447311,Recommended,247240,7405651,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,Q-tip des Grauens,Dark Souls mixed with side scroller. A little bit short but addicting as all hell :D
76561198098859579,Recommended,247240,10560976,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Unoriginal1deas,I died on level 1.........a lotGame of the year 10/10
,Recommended,247240,10464880,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Bozzwtf,"A refreshing challenge. Very difficult to beat, but doable. I enjoyed the ride."
76561198042427432,Recommended,247240,10692289,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,HyperActiveSloth,"Anger, Frustration, just eye gouging difficulty. Yet if you die or Fu*k up you know it's your fault because you suck. Do better next time, After you go through THE ENTIRE LEVEL to get back to where you died. I mean it help you famalierize the maps and the great pixel are that went into this game. I would reccomend to anyone who misses the glory days of old school, pixel difficulty and wishes for that great burn of dying again and again trying to get to another gatdamn checkpoint crystal, even if it's about two hundered miles away with evil, hungry and just plain unpleasent enemies waiting to rip your spine out and use it as a limbo bar. Now RISE MY WARRIOR AND DIE, ALOT."
,Recommended,247240,807935,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,Trance,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is fantastic
,Recommended,247240,10508590,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Green Wizard Needs Food Badly,"I have a lot of respect for this game. It is certainly one of the most if not the most difficult action platformer I have ever played. Though it is tough to the max, it is equally as fun as it is tough for anyone who enjoys the classic gameplay heavily borrowed from the Rastan Saga and polished up. Not only is this game Rastan without the kinks, but it gives major nods to many classic games of the genre. The ""Rise Warrior"" at the beginning seems a lot like the ""Rise from your grave"" when you start a new game on Altered Beast; doesn't it? I've also noticed references to Castlevania, Ghouls n' Ghosts, and Legend of Zelda II: The Adventure of Link. All this has been gleaned as I'm only halfway through the second stage. I'm sure I'll catch more references as I progress, yet many probably continue to slip by right under my nose.If you have a bit of a masochistic streak and a love for all things old school platformer, GAME THIS PLAY!"
,Recommended,247240,7380141,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Final Contra,"This is a breath of fresh air from the modern era of games where the first 2 hours of a game are a tutorial, every enemy has a neon flashing weakpoint, and you're fully capable of hiding everytime you scrape your knee to regain your health. No, none of that♥♥♥♥♥♥with Völgarr the Viking. This is a throwback to the glory days when games didn't hold your hand. Instead Odin hands you a sword, shield, and spear and sends you on you way with a simple ""Rise, Warrior. Don't ♥♥♥♥ this up."" It's another shining example of how being difficult without resorting to low-blows always results in an extremely rewarding experience.My one word of caution is that you'll have to play the game in a single playthrough like the old days since there's no save system. With that being said, you could easily pause and leave the game running in the background when you need to take a break. As a gauge of what you're in for, it took me 3 hours 26 minutes and 94 deaths to finish my first playthrough and I'd say I'm good at these kind of games."
,Recommended,247240,10652234,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Redsm0ke,"True NES time castlevania / ghouls and ghost hybrid.- Tight gameplay- Unforgiving levels- Smartly placed upgrades & checkpoints- Nice fitting artstyle and feelAll on all, rewarding game from mastering gameplay and beating dem levels"
76561198168540662,Recommended,247240,22271605,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,burnout,great game
76561197970114454,Recommended,247240,27736142,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Black.Cobra,Very funny and challenging
,Recommended,247240,27044550,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,wheel_of_pain,I love this game. Still cant beat first level.
76561198105213055,Recommended,247240,27076827,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr_RunSk,This Game is hard but fair! Love it !!
76561198054390628,Recommended,247240,8842550,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Willfray,"One of the best games, I played ever!"
,Recommended,247240,25368284,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,malyzar,"This is one of the most challenging and addictive games I've ever played. Its difficulty may not be for everyone, but if you know what you're getting into and are wiling to take a beating, it's fantastic. It's been quite a while since I've played a game as challenging as this. I forgot how rewarding overcoming seriously tough obstacles in a game actually is."
76561198027856263,Recommended,247240,12097996,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Strossus,"Ok, this game is hard as fk - lol. If you liked Ghost'n Goblins, try this game: everytime you die, it was your fault. Though I'm stuck at level 2 right now (out of 5 + probably a boss or bonus level - just a guess), it still makes fun and encourages you to go on and to improve. You have just a very few skills, but they're enough to give you a satisfying time. Try it. Fun game."
,Recommended,247240,7511817,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,gegolath,"Wirklich gut gemachter old school sidescrool platformer, betonung bei old-school liegt auch am Schwierigkeitsgrad..das Spiel ist hart, aber einmal die lvl gemastered und es kommt das richtige overpowered viking feeling auf."
76561198160099370,Recommended,247240,24453106,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Man Quail,"*THE VERDICT IS CLEARLY OUTLINED BELOW*Prepare to bite your tongue and grit your teeth because ""Volgarr The Viking"" is HARD. Proudly flaunting that ""old school"" platforming difficulty that so many games go for these days, this game truly nails it. Overall the game is fun. It has some good music, it controls pretty well overall (although I personally would have liked a little more air maneuvarability when jumping), and the gameplay is satisfying. The choice to block with your shield, try to hack an enemy down with your sword (which like the whip in old school ""Castlevania"" games has a rythm to it and cannot be spammed for rapid damage), knowing whether or not to use an evasive roll or jump and the use of long range spears which can also act as platforms when thrown in to walls make for satisfying combat that tests not only your reflexes, but your know how. The level design, while nothing extrodanarily special is pretty good overall, with a few really cool stages in there (I particularly like the horror themed levels filled with all of the dead vikings). The same can also be said about the game's bosses: pretty good with a couple of stand-outs. My biggest issue with this game, however, is just how difficult it is in conjunction with level length and lack of check-points. You get unlimited lives (Odin be praised), but if you die it's back to the beginning of the level. While these levels aren't incredibly long, these aren't the kinds of levels like in ""Super Mario Bros."" where you can get through in about a minute or less if you know what your doing, either.  With each death I found myself, almost as if on instinct alone, quickly and precisely getting to where I died, getting past it, dying again, rinse and repeat. Needless to say this could be a bit tiresome from the repetive nature of its difficulty at times and a mid-level checkpoint would work wonders to alleviate this conundrum.VERDICT""Volgarr The Viking"" is as painfully tough as shoving rusty, flaming nails in your eye sockets, and will surely cause some serious rage, especially since it could really use some mid-level checkpoints to help keep playing the same level you get stuck on  (which in my case was most of the levels; seriously this is HARD) seem less repetitive. However, pretty tight controls, fun combat and platforming, mixed with manly viking tunes make this game a treat to anyone who can handle a truly difficult game that even puts some of its ""old school tough"" ancestors to shame."
,Recommended,247240,8384793,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Gilgamesh,"Great game!! Reminds me of Nintendo games. Only thing that sucks, but yet makes it more challneging and fun is the no save poitns for the levels. Volgarr is a badass!"
76561197968625140,Recommended,247240,8051876,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,rama,"If remembering the term 'Arcade difficulty' brings fond feelings, and you love 16-bit style action platformers, then this is definitely the game for you. While I'm sad to say that Volgarr the Viking is unabashedly and brutally difficult, to the point that you have to beat the game in one sitting; it is a hella enjoyable experience that, seemingly as it should, encourages you to master every aspect of it from the simple and fun controls to the intricately designed levels and enemy placement. In fact, you can 100% completely own any and all mistakes you will make while playing it - I've never said or believed that to have happened in any game I've played before it.But once you do... Let's just say that Asgard hath no fury like a rampaging Viking. To boot, I've heard this game was heavily pirated and massively undersold. FIX THAT!! IT'S A GREAT GAME!!"
,Recommended,247240,22341305,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Moonmadness,"Yet another retro work that tries to emulate NES difficulty games. Does it succeed? For the most part, yes.The six worlds are split into two parts with only one checkpoint at the beginning of each part. You have infinite continues, but if you die at any moment in the middle of each part (including boss fights) you'll have to start over from the beginning of that part. Völgarr can slash with his sword, hurl spears at the enemies or on walls to climb them, roll and double jump with the second jump making him do a rolling sword attack a little like in SNES Star Wars games; the only tricky part is the jumping since he can only jump straight up or in diagonals and you cannot change the trajectory once you've jumped, but for the rest it's pretty easy to control.The game is entirely deterministic (except those damn blobs), which means that you can elaborate a safe pattern to reproduce each time you play the level. This definitely helps since the levels are pretty hard and you'll probably need to restart each section many times before you understand how to get past each enemy. It will take you 5 to 8 hours to beat it once depending on your skill.Hardcore players that manage to get to the end of the level almost unharmed will also be rewarded with five alternate paths (basically 5 harder levels with max 3 lives to finish them) and if they finish each one of them you'll get an extra level at the end.Recommended to those who seek for a small, challenging but manageable game."
76561198055460122,Recommended,247240,24345659,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,GreninjaShogun,"You've probably heard that this is a very difficult game. I will simply reiterate that: this game is VERY difficult. You may have noticed that I have five hours logged in this game. It's not very much time, but in most games, that would get you through a nice chunk of it. Not in Volgarr the Viking! All five hours I have logged are how long it took me to figure out, memorize, master, and beat the TUTORIAL STAGE.I may sound pretty negative, so I want to say this: I really do like Volgarr the Viking. It's a well-made platformer. However, it will make even the most seasoned of platformer veterans rage at its ridiculous level of challenge. I would not reccomend this game to a casual gamer, but if you're REALLY good at platformers and want a challenge, give this game a shot."
,Recommended,247240,20245465,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Loud-mouthed Sloth,"take 3 hours to beat the first levelslice off a ♥♥♥♥ing lizard-king's head with sick jump-slashstart second level with high hopes about having gotten the hang of the gamegored to death instantly by a murderous gang of fishmen with tridentsreally solid, just…bash your head difficult8/10 favorite platformer ever played"
76561198097586571,Recommended,247240,19019824,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Rasshøl Fra Trøndelag,"iv'e 100%'d this game and I love it path C is a side scrolling fighty type thing where you go through a straight line and fight some enimes and each level has their own unique types and teirs being red, blue, and green, red being the strongest and then a boss with unique styles and attacks. path B is kinda simple if you dont get hit you'll get you'll get a warrior soul and just skip to the ship level and beat it without losing all souls. Path A, the hardest is a suprise and I beat it in 1:40:36 and it is a suprise. I love the secrets, music and themes. my favorite being th foot of the volcano and fanir's tower. thanks to the people who made the guides and AS games"
76561198172091763,Recommended,247240,21593086,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Malivamar,"First of all yes the game is hard, second no its not imposible, its ``arcade hard``. so memorise patterns in bosses, teke your time when enemies are NOT approaching you and you should be fine, learn the rest by yourself. The game is amazing, and its also brutal, if you are a fan of old retro games or arcade games, pick it up, if you like challenging games that are not impossibkl but still hard, pick it up. Im not a big fan of ultra hard games myself but Volgarr the viking is worth it. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,247240,7947982,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,ZombiePlasticClock,"Imagine Dark Souls as a retro-styled platformer. New players will have a hell of a time adjusting to the game's difficulty curve. Fortunately there are no lives in this game: every death sends you back to the start of the level, pondering on what went wrong in your last attempt. Every death is a learning experience, and if you persist, you'll find a solid, satisfying platformer in Volgarr the Viking.Also, flaming swords. What more could you want?"
,Recommended,247240,1658784,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,RandomProduct,"I heavily, heavily recommend this game. It's difficult, it's brutal, but damn is it fun. The controls are tight and the action is quick. The art and audio direction all do the game wonders. Get this game."
,Recommended,247240,7816487,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Mat -aka- Jelly Mage,"Volgarr the viking teaches you how much of a little ♥♥♥♥♥ you are, and in a rough way.It shows how used to modern game tropes, easy victories you are. But the great part, in a masochistic irony, is that it makes you want more. Unlike games like the AVGN game, claiming to do that, it feels harsh, but fair. Enemies are placed and combat is designed to favor planning and strategy, akin to old Castlevania games, and it just feels good to slice opponents.I wish you could save between levels, sure when you die you get to restart, but I don't necessairly have time to beat it all in one shot. Oh, what is it game devs? I am wong? You can?!""Just FYI, for levels on the main path you can skip levels you have already completed. Details are in the FAQ pinned in the discussions section."" -- Zauron  [developer]Ooooh.If you want to test your skills, get it, then git gud."
,Recommended,247240,7358759,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Sir Andersen,"Great game, with retro graphics that are actually retro graphics and not just pixelated♥♥♥♥♥♥No saves is kinda harsh, but in a good way. If you are in any way nostalgic for the days of tossing quarters into arcade machines, get this. It is as arcadey as just about anything I've ever seen.Well worth the price if you like a bit of challenge on your arcade platformers."
,Recommended,247240,26871850,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,｢CHOSEN UNDEAD｣,This game made me hate my life and i loved it! 10/10
,Not Recommended,247240,19258802,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,DeadnCryin,"how is this fun ? Volgarr the Viking is just annoying, at least Dark Souls is fun and beautiful."
,Recommended,247240,10274585,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Zed,This game is hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Also really good.4/5
,Recommended,247240,31327686,Posted: 23 April,all,Scarydeadguy,"If you like those old sega genesis games like Golden axe or Altered beast then Volgarr is right up your alley, Its a slow paced, hard platforming game that is sure to give you a challenge and its great............................... ok look i did this for a steam badge ok?"
,Recommended,247240,511993,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,Cable,Very difficult retro platformer that will make you ragequit and post a negative review because you're a scrub or you'll git gud and enjoy it!
76561198047699332,Recommended,247240,9671401,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,BrettH,"It's a Solid, difficult gameMost of the difficulty comes from the very mechanical mechanics, there are locked jump arcs, 1 checkpoint/level, passive shields with incomplete coverage (chest but not legs or head), your damage, enemy damage, and health can all be counted in very basic integers, enemy ""AI"" is on the level of Mario 1, and insta-death pits are plentiful. If you want to do well you have to control Volgarr like you are operating a toy car, or crane, not like an organic human we're use to in games.The level design is mostly excellent*, generally letting you see possible threats before it's too late**, and requiring full use of your abilities. Every enemy feels different and needs to be aproached differently and the game ensures every encounter or obstical is unique from all others.The game does spike in difficulty beyond the first level, mainly due to spawning enemies faster, and with less forewarning (from the side of the screen, from patches of water, or from the ground as opposed to crawling up the screen).The game has been compared to Dark Souls, as it features a similar experience of adversity --> mastery. Personally, though I love both, I find Volgarr more consistant, and faster, but if you prefer a focus on watching for tells, and learning how enemies act/react you'll enjoy DS over Volgarr's attempt at purity in execution.*The very last alternate level though is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ it has several unreliable spawns of fast flying enemies that not only hurt you but knock you around during the toughest platforming in the game. I have lost many 0 death runs to that level, thankfully it's short.**The game has an option to zoom out the camera, you have to toggle it in the options then hit space in game, this shoud be the default zoom, as it is just slightly larger than the enemies trigger distance, the game is unfair without it."
,Recommended,247240,34395181,Posted: 21 August,all,J2342,"Recent reviewers are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that have been coddled by modern games. To beat this game, you truly need to master the controls and every one of Volgarr's moves. It took me around 50 hours to get to ending A, but once I was done I could easily get there with just one or two deaths. It really is a matter of skill and learning how to approach the levels.Learning tricks in order to complete the levels faster is a lot of fun. For example, it's possible to kill the big flying monsters from the bird level in a single move. It's hard to learn, but when you finally do it you feel great. The same goes for the bosses, you have to be patient enough to figure out the right patterns."
,Recommended,247240,34194115,Posted: 12 August,all,thewhistles,Brutal.
,Recommended,247240,34202211,Posted: 12 August,all,Ragblasfozm,If you thought that getting a girlfriend and keep her happy was hard... think twice.
76561198069011210,Recommended,247240,34204360,Posted: 12 August,all,Dragon7493,"A good and very challenging game. The only issue I have is with the jumping controls. When you jump, the game locks you in an arc, and there's no way to steer onto platforms. It doesn't affect the playability too much, but it's still awkward. Aside from some control issues, if you enjoy a tough retro game, I would reccomend this one."
