user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,247660,10016507,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,AestheticGamer,"I had originally played Deadly Premonition on the 360 during May of 2010. I was visiting my grandmother and was out with the family at Best Buy, where an uncle of mine was considering getting a printer. Being the dork I am, I went to go check out the video game section, and there were a few copies of Deadly Premonition lined on the shelves. The cover caught my interest as a horror fan, and the cheap $20 price tag sold me on it to make a blind purchase. When we got back from our day out, I put it into the 360 and started to play.The first thing I noticed about Deadly Premonition, and something that has remained true, is that I love its soundtrack. A few select tracks are used maybe a little too often, but the music perfectly fits the odd tone of the game, and is pretty damn catchy. Even as I am writing this review, I find myself humming a few of its tunes. This is a case where the soundtrack isn't just good, but is a big part of this game. I am convinced the game may not have been as well received by as many if it didn't have this off-kilter soundtrack that really gets you into the mood for the oddness the game throws at you.The next thing I and about anyone else will notice is that this game looks dated. It's something of a miracle that a game in this graphical condition was released as a published disk-based console title in this day and age. It looks dated, but then controversially I would say the look fits the game. It sort of sets you into a set of expectations for the sort of game you're about to play. This may be backwards logic, but if the game had looked amazing I feel a lot of people would of found the actuality of the game to be lackluster to its looks. And as the game goes on, the odd facial expressions and clunky animations become very amusing. Notably, the Director's Cut does update the graphics some, but honestly its hardly noticeable.The rest rolls from there. The controls are a bit awkward, but you adjust. The first chapter isn't all that great, but it gets better. And before you know it, you start getting hooked into the game. I know I did. And it's the type of game you want to talk about.Heavily inspired by Twin Peaks (to a point in development the game got in legal trouble for far too many similarities that they had to change it, back when the game was known as Rainy Woods), the story follows the same basic premise; An FBI agent goes to investigate the homicide of a local high school beauty in a small pacific-northwestern town, but the town has a darker side the FBI agent discovers as he gets deeper into the case. The town is Greenvale, and our character in Deadly Premonition is Agent Francis York Morgan (but just call him York, that's what everybody calls him), an offbeat FBI agent who solves cases through odd measures, particularly of note in the fact he uses a system he calls profiling (that basically results to magic to figure out what happened by collecting clues), and see's shapes and messages in his morning coffee and newspaper that gives him clues to things to investigate. He also talks regularly to some unseen person named Zach. Many will quickly put together that 'Zach' is actually York's way of talking to the player, who only he seems to realize is watching everything, and who only he interacts with.Deadly Premonition has unforgettable characters. York stands out, as the player really begins to form a connection with their odd agent, but the rest of the cast are just as good. The likes of Emily, George, Thomas, Mr. Stewart, Polly, and the rest of the colorful cast will last with you long after the game has been completed.  And the story legitimately begins to get gripping. Like the rest of the game, Deadly Premonition tells an odd tale, and honestly some of what occurs in the game is absolutely ridiculous, but somehow you'll legitimately care what's going on. That is when you're not laughing your♥♥♥♥♥off, as the game is somehow both intentionally and unintentionally hilarious at the same time.But it's more than just that, this game manages to actually be touching, and I found myself more emotionally involved with this game's story and characters than most any other game I've played in the last few years. And while I don't want to get ahead of myself, the last few hours of the game's story are unforgettable. Saying bye to York and the rest of Greenvale is up there as one of the hardest things I had to do as a gamer upon coming to the close of the game.Deadly Premonition is not just, 'so bad it's good' (though definitely parts of the game are just that). The game does some things absolutely wonderfully, really stellar and uniquely. But it does other things terribly, absolutely horribly. It has flaws, a lot of them. But somehow most of these flaws become strangely part of the whole experience. They sort of blend in with everything else and become part of the overall experience of Deadly Premonition. Not everyone will like Deadly Premonition, but the title since I've played it has taken on a fairly big cult following, and for good reason.Deadly Premonition is more than the sum of its parts. The game has obviously a lot of heart in it, and it shows. But it also is loaded with flaws, and that also shows. But somehow, the heart put into this game and the elements that make it amazing shine above the cumbersome driving, or the glitches the game has, or the fact the game has a few annoying QTEs. The term, 'experience', in games gets thrown around a lot these days, but this truly is what Deadly Premonition is. An experience.And it's not a short one either. The game should take someone 15-20 hours to complete the first time. To do the side-quests easily adds another 5-20 hours (and you should do the side-quests, they're rather fun and most all of them add additional cutscenes and character depth, plus some of them reward you with handy items, like quick-travel or a weather doll or infinite ammo weapons, or even just new cars and suits).The PC port has plenty of flaws. There are many fan-made work around's and patches made to help, but these still exist. I was lucky that I didn't run into much, but the game did crash a couple of times for me, and there's this weird thing with the game where the longer you play it without closing it and re-launching it, the slower over time the FPS will get. It's hardly a perfect port, and some will definitely be turned off by this.But it's also definitely the best version of the game. And if you haven't experienced Deadly Premonition before, you definitely ought to at least give it a try, maybe stick around for the coffee.Deadly Premonition is not a masterpiece in a traditional sense, and it's too flawed in ways to be named a good game (maybe okay at best). But Deadly Premonition is probably one of the best gaming experiences you could have that's released in the last few years. You'll laugh, you'll cringe, you'll be hit with feels, and you'll panic. When all is said and done, we need more games like Deadly Premonition. It's the mid-tier game in one of the purest forms, flawed and arguably bad, but with so much heart and enjoyable elements you may not care, and hardly any game will put a smile on your face as much as DP does."
,Recommended,247660,15023344,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Calorie Mate,"Deadly Premonition is like the old cadillac you found in your grandpa's barn after he passed away.Getting it to work will give you all sorts of headaches, and more often than not, you just want to lock the barn and forget all about the damn thing. But if you actually manage to put up with all the crap it throws at you and manage to make it work, you're rewarded with a ride that's both, unique and unforgettable.Easily one of the best and worst games I've ever played."
,Recommended,247660,12665317,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,ebaynetflix,It's like an ugly boyfriend who kisses really well.
,Recommended,247660,12624988,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Insomniac Doze,"Its core greatness cannot be stopped,No matter how much the rate of frames dropped.Though not abundant, extras are nice,I'd say it is worth the asking price.So says Mr. Stewart!"
,Recommended,247660,19624650,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Atomic,"✔ One of my all time favorite games✔ Delightfully bizarre, quirky w/ David Lynch vibes✔ Highly memorable, lingering in your mind even months and years after finishing it✔ Dialogues, story and characters are colorful, philosophical and funny✔ Lengthy and lots of sidequests that you can go back to at any time✔ A lot of various in-game unlockables, 60 Achievements✔ Superb soundtrack▼ Dated visuals and animation (Looks are definitely not everything as proven here)▼ PC port issues (I've been spared fairly well though)▼ Twisted Metal2driving mechanics/physics (Yes, really)▼ Very deserving of one or two more patches (See mods/fixes below though)*DPFix 0.9.5is a must in my opinion:http://blog.metaclassofnil.com/?tag=dpfix*Or this 11mb pack which includes the above DPFix and other improvements: Such as InfiniteNine's HD font/HUD/icon pack and Shlomo's improved textures for the in-game menu.https://www.dropbox.com/s/qgs8rwzn0vjrsco/DP_Fixes.zip?dl=1* And I prefer thiscolor correction:https://sfx.thelazy.net/games/preset/1115/'nuff said.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RmPw47JRrw8https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5neWn8VN6U"
76561198133348118,Recommended,247660,12615762,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Dungeon Master Jo,"Deadly Premonition - Poor PC Porting PerfectionThis game.  This.  RUDDY.  GAME.Should you play it?Yes, absolutely.Can you play it?Possibly not.Let me explain, (briefly, I promise) this was originally a console game, following the adventures of FBI Investigator and friendly neighbourhood schizophrenic Francis York Morgan who is a walking mix of cliche and man as he attempts to solve a savage murder in a small town in America.  It has some driving and fighting elements but is mostly investigating and talking until you get to do these bits.  It has great atmosphere, is immensely cheesy and there was apparently a court case against it from Twin Peaks for plagiarism.  It feels like Twin Peaks' and Swery65 had an illicit trist and Deadly Premonition was the inbred offspring - perfectly normal until closer inspection.  As soon as the console game, which was a lot of fun if you like a disturbed American comedy murder, was brought to PC, things went wrong.And oh so wrong.  The graphic quality was hampered to allow it to play on lower settings but the settings were not made accessible to the player so we can't ramp them back up.  The glitches  like walking and falling through walls and floors and tipping over vehicles are just the tip of the iceberg.  Crashes are horribly frequent with some players reporting a crash every hour of play, like clockwork, others getting crashes at certain points like when the camera is on a female characters legs and then again randomly in car parks.  And other points when it simply switches off for no apparent reason but doesn't allow itself to be switched back on without a full restart.Two full patches later and these problems are still occuring - there are also external patches that can fix the graphics issue.  It's pretty much unplayable but the game itself is FANTASTIC.  It's fun and strange and shocking in places and I recommend the game itself.But can I recommend getting it on STEAM?  Probably not.  I've been playing for about 33 hours now and I still haven't completed the second episode, purely because crashes and bugs have made me restart 5 times.  If you can get it on a console, do so, though it's expensive.Alternatively, here's some quick tips to help make it a little easier:Run the game in Admin mode (right click the game icon and click ""Run as administrator"")Run in compatibility mode in Windows 98 if you have Windows 7 (WindowsXP Sv1 if you have Windows 8) that should fix the problem with aiming up and downSearch for DPfix.ini in Google - it's a graphical fix patch, follow the creators instructions (not necessary and only useful if you have a really good PC)Use a controller - it will make your life easier, especially forthe driving sections, which are hilariously bad"
,Recommended,247660,32359257,Posted: 11 June,all,biodigitaljazz,"It's pretty good. Deadly Premonition is one hell of a ride.The gameplay is a little generic and clunky. It isn't as much of a problem as the technical issues, a lot of which are alleviated by using DPfix and patching the executable. There are still crashes but none that are insurmountable. Save often. Change your audio to stereo.If you decide to play this game, I recommend you try to avoid spoilers. The story is the best part of the game. Everybody memes the game as being ""TWIN PEAKS THE GAME"" and while it definitely is inspired by the show, I believe the game stands on it's own merits.What follows are a few tips to save you some frustration. There is no hard time limit to do the main missions, you can ignore them and just come back the next day. Try to do side missions 4 and 5 as soon as possible to getfast travel. All the shops are closed when it rains but that makes it easier to visit characters at their houses. Emily and George are at their houses on rainy evenings ~18:00. Do the side missions, they net you useful rewards.Come at this game with patience and an open mind - you won't be sorry."
,Recommended,247660,13649992,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,4nk8,"Oh Deadly Premonition, how you look so funBut alas on our computers, you just will not run.From your unfortunate PC port to your silly resolutionNear impossible to fix, leaving us in confusion.Crashing to desktop grows difficult to bearAnd at your price, it just feels so unfair!Lastly, for some, you won't run as a wholeCrying ""Oh please, just work! This is worse than Dark Souls!""Oh, Deadly Premonition, end our dismayWe'd just like to enjoy you, so please let us play!So says Mr. Stewart."
,Recommended,247660,7887856,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Levaniko,"Well, if you are one those people who can enjoy this masterpiece probably you already own this game, I was waiting for this for a long time I have no consoles so I couldn't play it before, I pretty excited when they announced it for steam, I preordered it without much thought, and when game was released it was pretty much unplayable for me, I can say it was worst port I have ever played, well I don't really care about resolution but when console port has no controller support that's just terrible, not to mention it crashed every 5 minutes or so, so I decided to wait, not long after Durante of NeoGAF famous for his dark souls fix has released resolution fix for this game  and after that some dedicated users made custom icons for controller and somewhat support of for pads via third party softs. Then there was word that devs were planning to release patch to fix all this mess, and they really did after some time. So it's been a month already after the games release till I could play this game but it was really worth the wait, I was already hyped for this game for a long time but it turned out to exceed my expectations like 10 times, and after this patches game was fully playable with no crashes, controller support and thanks to durante with desirable custom resolutions. I played many games this generation but there were only two games that brought me that sense of excitement and joy of gaming that I had only as a child, first game was Dark Souls, and I thought I wouldn't enjoy anything else like that until second DS game was released, well now as I write this I have completed this game 100% and can safely say that it's definitely is in my top 10 games of all time if not in top 5, it just makes me sad that this masterpiece in not  very successful saleswise compared to mainstream 5-7 hour meaningless soulless shooters, but I do hope that as gaming attracts more and more mature audience and is slowly becoming as mainstream as movies, there will be time that developres can take the risks and make games such this one without any fear of failing."
,Not Recommended,247660,32624379,Posted: 21 June,all,TheColorUrple,"Concerning the crashing.Bugs are one thing, but crashes are an entirely more disgusting beast. The game routinely crashes anywhere from 20-40 minutes of play, which means that in my 20 hours so far it has crashed upwards of 40 times. It can crash at any point completely randomly, so you cannot mitigate this in any way.Crucially, the game will not let you save during chapter replays, which are needed to complete several side quests, so you will undoubtedly have to redo large sections of the game many, many times to progress.The DPFix mod you can download online cleans up the graphics and seems to reduce the amount of crashes, but does not completely eliminate them.Add to this a known game-breaking bug concerning item disappearances that forces you to restart the entire game from the beginning, a wealth of technical issues, long loading times, and poor PC optimization means you should stay far away from this port.I will say this though: if you aren't much of a completionist and just wish to experience the main story, you can save regularly throughout the campaign and mostly ignore the open world, which will mean that the crashes will affect you a bit less. Having said that, some of the most useful items in the game (including the entire fast travel system) are unlocked through side quests, so they are pretty essential for anyone not wanting to spend too much time wrestling with the game's atrocious driving physics. I would suggest using a guide to seek these few items out early on in the campaign and then ignoring the rest of the filler material. (The side quests are mostly awful anyway: incidental to the plot, hard to find without a guide, and requiring lots of wasted time manipulating the game's time passage and weather mechanics to make certain NPCs appear.)If you have a PS3, I would still recommend checking the game out on a more stable platform. Or hell, just watch a cutscene compilation online and save yourself the hassle of actually playing the damn thing. It would be disingenuous to call this a ""good"" game, but no one is expecting that at this point. We all know it's a quirky B-game that is borderline unplayable. My standards aren't high, and I'm willing to forgive how bad the foundation is because the world, story, and characters are pretty interesting.But the game needs to run. This port, unfortunately, is in a completely unacceptable state and should frankly be pulled from the Steam store.But as we all know, Steam Quality Control isn't a thing that exists.*******************************************************************************************************ADDENDUM: Concerning the story.Usually when I neg a game, my review gets negged in turn, so thank you for all of the positive feedback.When I wrote my initial review, it was strictly to call out the technical issues. However, if any of you are still on the fence because you feel like you still may get a decent story experience despite the technical apocalypse, I thought I would write a quick spoiler-free addendum about the plot and give you further reason to avoid the game. This is at the risk of contradicting my earlier statement that the story is interesting, but what we have here is an example of a well-written journey with a flat payoff.There are many examples in modern fiction where the plot twists can be unpredictable because they are poorly crafted. Deadly Premonition is one such example. You are very unlikely to construct the game's full plot in your mind before the final act's sequence of revelations lays it bare, but this doesn't mean that the game was smarter than you.Whodunnits are tough to write, since any astute gamer will have processed every character at least once as a potential suspect, and thus actual surprise needs to be very clever. The way this game deflects suspicion is by essentially creating two different culprits: the one you interact with, and the true self.This is immediately apparent in the voice acting: the pre- and post-twist voices are delivered completely differently, as if the actor had been hired for two separate games. This is problematic because deranged sociopaths and serial killers will usually exhibit some form of their identity when interacting with other people, but Deadly Premonition is straight out of the 90s Scream-style horror playbook - you cannot begin to suspect anybody because the liars so perfectly masquerade as normal people.Although most characterization is shallow, there is still some really good writing here...for a video game. But dialogue and plot are two different things, and it's in the plot where the game flounders.It's frustrating because there is no cathartic wide-eyed moment where you realize you've been hoodwinked by clever plot construction. Instead, it's as if characters you scratched off your suspect list long ago suddenly become different people, and the resulting reaction is something along the lines of, ""Oh, I guess this person is a bad guy now."" In fact, you may wind up crafting more elaborate theories about what's going on due to the sheer amount of mysteries involved, whereas the truth is much less exciting.It doesn't help that the plot winds up having holes you could fly a 747 through. There are several discrepancies between the evidence you collect and the end result, and many of the clues remain unexplained at the end. Furthermore, there are many tenuous backstory elements that just don't make any sense - unrelated characters portrayed together in scenes without any context to explain their proximity, and a macguffin that serves two discrepant functions.Psychological thrillers are at their best when examining the characters' mindstates and developing them as complex individuals. Deadly Premonition's one saving grace is that your player character is very interesting, almost to the point where he is able to carry the entire game and lift it from the dregs of pulp fiction. The game's final act incorporates his own backstory and psyche into the plot in an organic way, and it's safe to say that the moments where we are exploring him are where the storytelling is at its best. Unfortunately, it's not enough to hang a 20-40 hour bad game on (depending on the number of side quests and crashes you experience, of course), and the supporting cast of characters do nothing to deepen the plot's complexity. It's a shame - had every character been as well developed as the lead, we might have had something truly special here.I feel like I could only recommend a playthrough to those who study games as an artform, rather than those seeking to be entertained (i.e. most of us). And even then, I would strongly encourage those few to seek out the PS3 version and avoid the incessant crashes."
,Recommended,247660,10926291,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,x1lef,There is three types of games:- The good ones- The bad ones- Deadly Premonition
,Not Recommended,247660,23367157,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,ビス🅱🆁🆄🆂🅺,"I love this game.Completed the ♥♥♥♥ out of the ps3 version and although it had is drawbacks it was narrativley stunning.The PC port is poorly done.> Locked 720p resolution and unstable framerate, can't even surpass 30fps most of the time.There is a fix you can get by a very talented individual by the name Durante, which unlocks various options for the game such as resolution, anisotropic filtering, SSAO etc and it makes a huuuge difference.this is an essential fix if you decide to buy :http://blog.metaclassofnil.com/?p=373Many people have reported this fix working perfectly and others claim it does improve gfx and lets you set custom resolution but the framerate is still unstable.My experience was the latter, i have major unstable framerate for the game and my rig can more than handle this game.I can't recommend the pc version of this game since it requires you to work on it to get it running smoothly, you really shouldn't have to do it after paying money for the game.Though it pains me to give it the thumbs down i would recommend you play it on the ps3 for a better experience because it really is a great game."
76561198013027885,Not Recommended,247660,7820092,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,JayPi,"I'd love to reccomend this game but honestly, It's not very stable, thankfully thanks to mods and unofficial patches it's a little more playable, but honestly, this is a very bad port right out of the gate of a game that was already pretty buggy and had a terrible framerate on the consoles, I guess i'm glad I bought it because I liked it on the consoles and it's a very weird but great game, but I can't reccomend it for people looking for a stable experience out of the gate."
,Not Recommended,247660,16300398,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,veo,"I wish I could give this a positive review, because the game itself it great. But the PC version is nearly unplayable. If you want to play Deadly Premonition (which you should, it's a great game) I'd recommend playing the xbox 360 version if it's available to you. I've tinkered with this game for hours and it still won't work, and it seems the developers have no intention of fixing this version of the game as it's been unplayable for years. I actually bought this when it first came out and gave up in frustration, and now, years later, it's still broken. I have to give this a thumbs down. Sorry."
,Not Recommended,247660,12633210,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Rowsdower,"This game is so buggy that even with DPfix you will run into trouble. Long load times, autosave doesn't work, crash when you enter a building (since autosave doesn't work if you did any side missions tough luck you have to do them again). The game crashed when I was gonna enter a critical mission building and I did some side missions before. The developers even acknoledged DPfix and said to install it rather than actually putting a patch themselves. And now they are on the front cause of Recently updated but they didn't update the game it's just on sale. Don't let these companies get away with lazy ports."
,Recommended,247660,19260384,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Raincoat Killer,Is the voice acting bad?Yes.Is the gameplay bad?Yes (for the pc port).Are the graphics bad?Equal to a 2006 game.Does it have replay value?Yes.Is the story great?Yes.Will this leave lasting memories?Yes.Is this one of my favorite games?Definitely.Verdict:Best crime/survivor/horror ever/10(Plays like the old Resident Evils or Silent Hills)
,Not Recommended,247660,8459848,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,tramor,"The actual game itself gets a wholehearted recommendation. Though the gameplay is certainly rough around the edges--to say the least--there's an immense amount of charm, humor, and Lynch-esque eccentricities found in the fictional town of Greenvale. Deadly Premonition was never a ""so bad it's good"" game, but rather a genuinely good experience saddled with a low budget and a couple of design pitfalls. The main issues lie in the combat. The game's director SWERY65 has been on the record stating that the ""shooting bits"" were not actually a part of the game's original concept. The combat was the last part of the game developed in what seems to be an effort to give the game a broader audience appeal. And it shows. Killing enemies in this game is by no means a dreadful or broken experience, it's just a very barebones and arguably pointless affair--some shallow padding until you reach the next chunk of entertaining story exposition and exploration of the game's quirky world. I'd argue that most people played the Dreamcast classic Shenmue for the exploration, character interaction and investigation segments rather than the just-OK fighting-game showpieces sprinkled throughout. As it follows in Shenmue's footsteps in many ways, Deadly Premonition should be treated in the same regard. Do enjoy the warmth that Greenvale has to offer.If you can.The lack of resolutions higher than 720p in this PC port have already been discussed and criticized--and then fixed, by the same dude who made the Dark Souls PC fix. DPFix, however, does not fix the lackluster native controller support and constant crashing. You can go find additional third-party mapping software of course, but as this is originally a console game and advertises controller support on the Steam store page, the exclusion is a bit disappointing. The crashing, on the other hand, is not as immediately remedied. It seems very temperamental and varies from system to system, but across my two Windows 7 and XP machines I've had nothing but instability. I have tried putting the .exe in Windows 98 compatability, numerous restarts, and other tweaks found from various discussion threads. But the game still crashes at the worst, most pivotal moments (like before I can get to a save point) or slows down to an unplayable framerate. The framerate is momentarily fixed by a full system reboot, but the sluggishness and screeching halts always return again and again. I've never seen this kind of thing happen in any other game.So in a bit of frustration and resignation, I've uninstalled this game and returned to finish the original, Xbox 360 version. But I feel like I'm missing out on the definitive experience. The Director's Cut provides some nice touch-ups, like a better map system, less washed-out graphics, marginally improved driving controls, some extra cutscenes, and an easier default difficulty setting, which basically lowers the sometimes ridiculously high health bars on the various enemies throughout the game. Though there's much talk these days about the dumbing down of modern games--that they're too easy--I can assure you that toning down the frustration in this game is definitely a good thing. Anyone who has spent 30 minutes killing one of the ""wall-crawler"" enemies in the 360 version should be able to attest. It's attrition, a hurdle, not a fair and invigorating challenge by any means.Some people have been able to play this port to completion, sidequests and all. Maybe you're one of them, maybe not. Maybe in a year (or more), the game will be patched up and as nice as the Dark Souls port. Until then, I consider this game an Xbox 360 exclusive (the Playstation 3 Director's Cut port is even worse than the PC version, don't touch it please!).Buy this port if you like a gamble, Zach."
76561198031474137,Recommended,247660,24687758,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,TaB,"On a technical standpoint this game is one of the worst ports of all time.You will need a lot of patience to get the game running and to actually play it. Through the steam discussion thread that the dev posted I managed to get the game as stable as it could ever be. It would still occasionally crash after long sessions but it could be solved by saving often and restarting the game every now and then.If you cant be bothered fixing the game, buy it on the console or watch a playthrough on youtube. Skipping this game entirely would be a real shame since it has a cast of interesting and weird characters with some cheesy B-movie moments.One of the best scenes is the opening scene that shows agent Morgan smoking, on the phone talking about tom and jerry's S&M relationship, reviewing the evidence on his laptop and even holding a bag of evidence in front of his face all while driving through a curvy forest road on a rainy night.The absurdity of that moment was one of the things that hooked me.Without going too much into the story, you play a FBI agent investigating a murder case in a small town. This is the best part of the game since you get to interrogate the weird and interesting townsfolk and the identity of the killer is something that will keep you guessing throughout the game.The gameplay is nothing special, car controls are bad and so is the map but by the middle of the game I found myself knowing the full town layout.Shooting has been improved for the director's cut giving the gun infinite ammo and having a button that centers on the enemy. Yeah it removes some of the horror survival aspect of the game but makes the game way easier and less frustrating since shooting was a weaker part of the game.You will need to manage a hunger meter and keep your clothes clean, its pretty trivial and would only become a pain when you try to skip to to do side quests.In conclusion and a TL:DR for some people: This game is a gem, very raw and unpolished and I hope you wont skip it just because of the bad reviews."
,Recommended,247660,16769788,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,lumbus,"I recommend Deadly Premonition to everyone who likes kind of weird characters, good storytelling (that takes it's time) with multiple perspectives from different points on the timeline. You should be stress resistant, because the game will probably crash just before your next save, so you will do some things twice. That should not bother you. It is a kick, because the game itself is not much of a challenge. If you can live with the flaws and see it as an Indie game you got for less than 3 bucks, it is an immersing adventure.Since the beginning I like the habit of the main character ""York"" to talk to ""Zack"". It feels like he is talking to you, the player. It is fun to see other people being puzzled by the actions of the protagonist (as talking to Zack, a person no one can see) and not asking a question. That's what you as the player do: make a list in your mind of things you want to find out and hope that you will get your answers to the right time. Or at the end, at least. Because of the way the story is told you may guess some things and resolve some mysteries for yourself, but I assume that you will still be surprised sometimes. You won't find an answer to everything in the game, like with most scary stories, but that's fine. You will get all important answers to what is important in the game's universe.Some insights of my journey with the game:I was well aware of bugs because I read other reviews. I installed DPfix.  I can highly recommend that. By doing so, crashes did not occur too often and because I saved a lot I managed to play the game without becoming depressed. ;) I can only complain about spending too much time on loading screens. Moving the game from my HDD to my SSD did not seem to boost the time on loading screens. Too bad.In chapter 7 I started to explore the vast world. I should have done that sooner (chapter 2) to have advantages in the game early on. In the first chapters you have time limits, but the game is nearly in real time, so you can do side quests. No worries. Do them! I got my radio, which allows me to drive to different locations in no time without really doing it] after chapter 21. I could have saved a lot of time, not driving myself through the world. You find information about the side quests in the game and also through the descriptions of the achievements.After you finished a chapter, you can replay it. During a replay you cannot save. A replay is nice if you want to do side quests that may be easier in that level or not doable in another. Everything you gain will be available in any other replay and also in your current game progress. A replay only changes at the end (if you save after finishing the chapter) your inventory, trading cards and the quests you finished. So if you keep dying in your current level, do a replay to get food and medipacks in your inventory. Nice cheat. :)I used the replays after I was stuck in chapter 22. I was too lazy to open the archive and therefore I did not find an important key. The game is in general, amazingly straightforward, because it shows in red where you need to go to or interact with to proceed. That is nice, as you always know what to do. (But you still have to solve the puzzles by yourself, the game only indicates where the important puzzle is.) You are never lost.I like the chilling atmosphere of the game, the horror story itself and especially how it is told. One last hint: Don't miss to have lunch with your colleagues. Eat with them in every chapter possible. It's fun!I am happy that the reviews I read convinced me to play this (indie?) gem."
,Recommended,247660,25407281,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,SoI|dCentur|0,"My Personal Score: 0.5/5PCGamingWiki PageIssues: One of the worst ports of all time. Visit the PCGW page before you click that purchase button.Deadly Premonition is one of the worst games ever, but it's also one of the best. Try typing ""most polarizing video game of all time"" on Google and look at the top results and related searches. Yep.If you ever get this PoS to work within the 2-hour refund period, you'll be greeted by toga-wearing twins spouting gibberish, crime-related references to The Tom and Jerry show, and squirrels purposefully given the sound bytes of a startled chimpanzee. After a fatal car crash and one unhurt protagonist crawling out of a burning car, full of swagger on his back, you get to play the top contender for worst Dreamcast game ever. Outdated control scheme, horrendous graphics, and gameplay mechanics that borrowed from the worst inspirations ever; it's like this game was stuck in development for over a decade. Oh wait,it was.But even with all the trash found in the game, I still admired it. After playing it through to the end, I respected it. I'll even admit that I became teary-eyed once the game showed its final scenes. It was the story, with all its surreal moments and weird but charming cast that kept me playing and invested in the game. Deadly Premonition is a homage to Twin Peaks, a show that inspired video games like Max Payne, Alan Wake, and Silent Hill. A show that ended too soon, yet the concept found new life in video games. It's how game writer and director Hidetaka Suehiro molded the Lynchian framework into something more akin to his style, while still respecting the inspiration, that made the game shine. This is art, plain and simple. And no word has ever been more fitting for the most polarizing video game of all time.And there you have it."
,Recommended,247660,17423889,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Cholera,"Thanks to this game, every time I pour some coffee,I look with interest."
,Recommended,247660,24131144,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Nightbreed,"How I Made Deadly Premonition Work With Windows 10EDIT 7/18/16:I have completed a guide which is a streamlined version of this review and includes the final technical tweaks that I used to make it all the way through the game. Best of luck!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=727264321EDIT 7/9/16:I noticed that running the game in any type of Compatibilty Mode would cause the frame-rate to steadily drop until the point of being unplayable.To get past the latest crashes, I re-launched in Windowed mode, withnoCompatibilty Mode and was able to get past each crash the next launch, while windowed.♥♥♥♥ that though. I did the following steps, and the game ran at a steady 60 fps and didn't crash within a 5+ hour session, which wasn't possible before:1. Took DP.exe out of any kind of Compatibility Mode. Ran it normally (Windows 10 being the OS I run).2. Set DPLauncher.exe to ""Run as Administrator"".3. Ran DPLauncher.exe, and using Task Manager, set the Affinity of the process to useonlyCores 0-3. With a quad-core, hyperthreading processor, this will mimic a dual-core, which is the game's recommended requirement.4. While in Task Manager, I also set the DPLauncher.exe process to ""High"" priority.5. I started the game via the Launcher and verified that the settings I applied to DPLauncher.exe were passed along to DP.exe (they were).6. I proceeded to play crash-free at 60 fps for over 5 hours straight, which as I said, was a night and day difference to my experience prior to these changes.Now, the bad news is that if you opt for this route, you have to do steps 3 and 4 each time you launch the game. The good news is it's very quick and easy. I should add too that the first 3 steps below (from my original review), specifically unintalling the LAV filters, were still needed for me to initially get past the intro video. The above steps ^^ wouldn't have gotten me past the crash at the very beginning.If you're installing fresh, here are my final recommendations:Uninstall LAV Filters and VLC Player (if applicable). Make Windows Media Player default. Install the game normally then apply DPfix and SweetFX, if for nothing else than graphical enhancements. Nevermind about Compatibility Mode and simply perform the 6 steps I just mentioned. Then, while in gamesave often, purely based on principal. I really believe though, with the processor tweaks applied, that the game will run much more stably...dare I say, rock-solid?"
76561198123441185,Recommended,247660,23480001,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Mr. Freeze,"Will you think the graphics on PC are trash? -Yes.Will you mod this game to fix the graphics? -Yes.Will you rage when the game spontaneously crashes once in a while? -Yes.Will you for some inexplainable reason love this game despite all of its flaws? -YES!In all seriousness, DP is worth a try. If you're willing to do a little modding, and you grab this game on sale, you can't go wrong. That's what I did, and I don't regret it. I've enjoyed the game so far, and would recommend it.York- ""Do you feel it, Zach? My coffee warned me about it."""
,Recommended,247660,12621839,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,"Communist ""Joseph Ballin"" Layton","although the port isn't the best,it's still worth it for the restso says mr stewart"
,Not Recommended,247660,12719089,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Ksi01,"Don't even bother. Horrible port, controller doesn't work (xbox 360), frame rate issues are constant (even after the proposed restart your computer fix). 1920X1080 need a fix to work...I have a decent computer so i don't see that my pc is causing the horrible frame rate issues ( i have a i5 4670 and a r9 290). Can't even get past firs part of the game since the QTE are related to your frame rate, so even if i try to be as fast as i can i get killed.Alot of dissapointment, really wanted to play this game."
,Not Recommended,247660,13536379,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Fhex,"I would love to recommend this game, really I would. It has a really nice plot, the minigames are suprisingly fun, the shooting action, while stiff and rather easy, feels pretty rewarding. It plays almost as a homage to Twin Peaks with a little bit of Silent Hill thrown in for good measure, and I absolutely oved it for all of its flaws (it even got me into Twin Peaks)... until the game would not let me pass through a certain point because of a gamebreaking glitch involving the time. And I couldn't go back because there's only one save slot.The truth is this pretty damn good game can be downright unplayable because of the number of glitches and bugs that just seem to absolutely ruin the game. I'm not talking small things like stiff animation and bad lighting, I'm talking glitches that can literally mean you must restart your game or your computer in order to move on... or have to start from the very beginning. I cannot, in any good heart, recommend this game because it has terrible memory leaks that usually cause the game to crash after about an hour or so. When it isn't that, it is a game glitch that I have read is linked to the in-game clock. In a word, if you're outside at exactly the wrong time, the game will crash to desktop until you smoke to let the time pass (""smoking"" in Deadly Premonition is akin to waiting in Skyrim/Fallout/Oblivion, except it requires an item) until the next day or until the crash no longer exists. If you've SAVED outside or if you do not have smokes or enough supplies to last until after you smoke, then you're screwed and you MUST restart your game. If this game had multiple save slots, it could be salvaged by saving in multiple slots, but sadly it does not. Sometimes, I have heard that running the game as administrator or setting compatibility mode can fix these bugs, it is not a sure thing for every player. The game, for as good as it is, is broken.If you're still willing to try this game, and I wouldn't necessarily recommend against that, you should DEFINITELY be sure to back up your saves whenever it is convienent for you (at least every time you exit the game). You can do this by going to the game directory on Steam and going to the ""savedata"" folder. If you can remember to do that, and if you're patient, then you should not have any major problems with it.Barring that, the game is also a pretty bad PC port with very limited graphics options right off the bat. Thankfully, at least for the graphical options, DPFix exists and allows you to change resolution, allows you to alter antialiasing, DOF, etc. It also allows you to change textures and models, allowing for the game to actually enjoy limited modding capability. Related to that, the controls are rather stiff outside a controller, but, for me personally, I could get used to them. If you're not a fan of them, I'd probably get a controller if you can. The controls, from what I have heard, are still not very good on controllers, but they're at least better.However, if you can get past all of that, the game is a whole lot of good. Voiceovers, especially for a budget game such as this, are actually quite good, although the translation can be a bit stiff at times in the subtitles. The characters, too, are quite memorable, if not stereotypical (although that's pretty much intended). The main character, Agent Francis York Morgan, is actually fleshed out very well as a quirky and sometimes downright schizophrenic special agent for the FBI. Think of Agent Cooper from Twin Peaks except downright crazy sometimes. Dialog is really where the game shines, with very strange characters you can talk to. The game, even though its a horror game at its core, can be very funny with some of the things the characters do and say.The minigames are actually quite a nice touch to the game. The game's spin on darts is actually kind of interesting, but a bit too easy sometimes if you understand the game. Fishing is a bit boring, but straightforward. Racing is a bit tedious sometimes because of the stiff controls but can still be kind of fun. There are a few other fun bits-and-bobs too, like drinking coffee, that do add to the immersion of the game.The more horror-related parts of the game, including the shooting sections, can be quite disappointing at times, but other times they can actually be really suspenseful (most definitely including some of the times you encounter one of the antagonists of the game, although I won't spoil more than that). The shooting itself is quite stiff, but sometimes getting a headshot can feel quite rewarding. The enemies are not incredibly interesting or difficult, but can get you unexpectedly at points. However, I will concede that I am a bit biased on this as I have had trouble getting past the 9th chapter for the reasons listed above. You may want to check other reviews for views on this specifically.The game is open world, although it is not entirely open world like Grand Theft Auto or Far Cry (e.g. you can't go in some of the forests and in specific places). The locations, too, are sometimes a bit vanilla at least as far as exteriors go (the lumbermill, for example, does not look very run down from the outside, especially the bunks and the streets). Exploration isn't a huge deal with this game, although it does exist. Driving also is very stiff and not incredibly exciting, but it gets the job done. A lot of the problems with driving, though, stem from the controls, as stated before.Sidequests can be hit or miss, in my experience, depending on the quest. Some of them are either fetch quests that don't really have any interesting spin on them (e.g. [MINOR SPOILER] the sherriff's first quest [END MINOR SPOILER]) or really, not even that much of quests at all. However, there are some that do require some detective work and actually do add quite a lot to the game. Definitely worth playing through them, though, in my opinion.To wrap this review up and summarize the main points:[CON] The game is incredibly gamebreakingly buggy in some points, with memory leaks that can cause frequent crashing or gamebreaking must-restart-the-game crashes that require you to start again. No extra save slots which causes the latter type of glitches to require a hard restart if you do not manually restart your game.[CON] Bad PC port with very few graphics options out of the box and poor, stiff controls.[CON] Shooting, driving, and open-world mechanics aren't the best, although they have their redeeming qualities[PRO] DPFix can fix graphical and control-related problems to a degrees, and allows for minor moddablity to the game.[PRO] Very good plot with incredibly interesting characters. The voiceovers, for the most part, are pretty good too[PRO] Can be very suspenseful at some points and actually cashes in fairly well on being a horror game[PRO] Decent sidequests and minigamesAll in all, for most people, I simply cannot recommend this game to most people in general because the game is very, very, very unstable and very prone to bad glitches and crashes. However, if you're willing to accept its flaws and can be sure to back up your saves incredibly often, then maybe Deadly Premonition is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,247660,7899511,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,A Soft Bug,As much as I love the original (it remains to this day one of my favorite games of all time) the sloppy control port here makes the game nigh unplayable. I highly reccommend getting the 360 orignal instead.
,Not Recommended,247660,32613828,Posted: 21 June,all,YADANGUS,"Sigh.I really wanted to love this game and for a minute there I totally did.Then the crashes started. I had to do more hard resets on my computer because of this game than any other game in my history of pc gaming. Then I reached a point after episode one where the game crashed everytime I reached a cutscene and that's it, man. I would have to redo the past 10 hours of gameplay in order to reach that point again. I literally cannot physically proceed.F  U  C  K that. I get why people like it so much, I had a huge grin on my face for a good couple hours while the game was cooperating. But I cannot recommend this absolute garbage port. It's obvious Rising Star doesn't care about PC gamers, so I don't care about their game.Buy Alan Wake instead OH WAIT YOU CAN'TThat whisling song is pretty catchy tho"
,Recommended,247660,13261457,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,♫TGC> The Games Collector,"Got it when it was dirt cheap, and I do nót regret it.The whole story kind of has a twin peaks crazy vibe. That's what makes it so wonderful.Somehow it's a bit of a mix of fighting off zombies and investigating.It's really a great game, if you can ignore the awfully terrible port and the bugs.Would've been worth the full price if it worked a lot better.Right now it's kind of bad, no proper resolutions, sound is all over the place, and had to use compatability mode to prevent the game from crashing at startup. So there's a risk you might not get the game to work properly.There are a few mods and fixes around on the net tho."
,Recommended,247660,29445910,Posted: 23 January,all,Mukey,swery65 is the david lynch of the gaming industry
,Recommended,247660,24585260,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Diamond Tiara,"It's the game Alan Wake wanted to be, but with quirks and wonderful B-movie taste.But be warned: it's bad, it realy is. It won't be working without fan patches, and it's very rough around the corners, and the story's ludicrous. But it has style. It has a character. It's like an old geeky friend with strange tastes. Not creme de la creme, but interesting one.Reminds me of an old game named Harvester."
,Recommended,247660,13147173,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Orge Lambart,"One of the best stories ever to grace a video game.  The game has a few technical issues, and the graphics leave alot to be desired but if you manage to get past these issues you'll find a tremendous story, in my opinion one of the best stories to ever grace a video game.I'll be honest and say the controls are bad, the graphics aren't really up to par with modern games and you'll more than likely encounter a few technical issues getting the game to run.Ignore those issues (except not getting it to run, try to find the fix for that) and you'll fall in love with the story.  Just keep in mind the game starts off slow, and you'll very likely want to quit if you get caught up in doing side quest in chapter 2.  Just push forward, trust me, it's worth it."
,Recommended,247660,12788209,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:Rising Star GamesPublishers:Rising Star GamesInitial release:Oct 2013Genre:Action, Horror, Humor#Worth/NotWorth:#WorthExposition, Concurrence and SummationNow, I do recommend this game. Just.. not this version. It's a terrible terrible awful port that put me through the whole rigamarole of legit 'fixes' all the way through to superstition (caused by low probabilities and the very human desire to control the situation)I've downloaded and implemented DPfix for resolutions and frame rate issues. As well as for controller support. Though I believe that was a real update.The real issue is with random and frequent crashing. I've done everything from running it in compatibility mode with Win98 to using a program called Large Address Aware, allowing for the use of more than 2GB's of RAM. Changing audio to only stereo. It still crashes. I've even broken into superstition pressing L-ALT whilst in windowed mode which I'm sure is accomplishing nothing if not negligible results.The characters are so dumb, the animations canned and inappropriate. Awkward pauses between nonsense dialogue and its fantastic.  Plus the main character has a voice in his head that breaks the fourth wall (even more so for me as my name is Zach.. spoopy)I really tried to finish this game, but this port is so unstable and I've replayed missions and rewatched cutscenes for the last time.Follow my curation for more"
,Recommended,247660,25823763,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,kelleatorre,"The game is absolutely amazing! The plot is fantastic, while the gameplay is quite obvious and buggy, but the latter doesn't change the emotions you get following the investigation. I recommend the game for all who are interested in creepy detective stories. If you want to enjoy the game truly, please don't pay attention on bugs and some annoying things like following the suspect for about five real minutes - the game is not about that.I am thankful for all those who were involved into the Deadly Premonition's process."
,Not Recommended,247660,28962849,Posted: 2 January,all,niX,"Never in my entire life would I ever imagine giving Deadly Premonition a negative review. This is a FANTASTIC game, but the PC version is butchered beyond belief. It REALLY is as bad as people say. Heed everybody's warning.I bought it cheap for about 2 dollars before really realizing what I was getting in to. Simply seeing ""this is a bad port,"" wasn't enough to deter me. I've seen these comments elsewhere for games I really enjoyed playing the PC port of and thought, ""It can't be THAT bad."" But when your game immediately crashes on start up, you know you're going to have a bad time.This port is so butchered that somebody (independant from the company) made a patch to try and fix most of the issues that the game has. With the patch installed, I was able to get past the start-up screen. But, it still crashed.After much trial and error, I got this♥♥♥♥♥♥load of ♥♥♥♥ to run in Windowed Mode in Windows 98 compatibiity (fullscreen makes the game crash even harder). Even then, the MAX amount of gameplay I would get at a time without it crashing was about 45 minutes. With that being said, I'm one of the lucky ones who actually got to play it with crashes that I could overcome. And I don't even know if I'd call that luck.The crashing isn't even consistant. Sometimes it's during a load screen, other times, it's when you're going to use an item out of the inventory. Sometimes, it's simply right in the middle of walking.. or when you're mid combat. The crashing also seems to intensify during rainy weather. It really ruins the game experience for me when I have to just hope and pray that the game doesn't crash on the next load screen. When I have to constantly say to myself, ""Dear god, I hope there's a phone coming up soon.""Your only hope is to save constantly. But the problem is that you can only save at phones, and if you are doing a Chapter Replay, you cannot save AT ALL. This is a huge problem if you're a completionist, or you want to just go back and do sidequests that are more useful (like the one for the radio). I lost so many man hours because the game would crash during a Chapter Replay, and all of my progress that I just made was gone.The game looks okay (graphically), but the frame rate is crappy. Sometimes York will have that ""stutter"" run because the game just can't keep up. In combat, I wasn't able to use the Grecotch (OP weapon that carries you through most of the game) because I just couldn't land a hit. Even while standing RIGHT in front of an enemy, hitting it from different angles, etc. Hits just weren't connecting, or it was delayed... I really don't know what the problem is. But in any case, every aspect of this game is ruined simply because it functions like garbage. I would have asked for my Steam refund, but it was already past the date in which I could return it, and I had poured so many ""play"" time in to it just trying to get the thing to work.. disappointing.The actual Director's Cut for the Playstation 3 is absolutely the best version hands down. If you really want to play this game, ignore the PC and Xbox versions entirely."
,Not Recommended,247660,8715228,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,X-pert74,"This is a tough thing for me to do, given that Deadly Premonition is one of my favorite games I've ever played, but I can't honestly recommend playing this version of the game. I first played Deadly Premonition on the Xbox 360, and that version had its issues, of course, but it at least functioned out of the box. I installed the latest version of DPfix (0.9.5 as of this writing), and that helped, but it didn't fix the constant runtime errors that would pop up during gameplay, causing the game to stop functioning. Usually they'd pop up after an hour or so of gameplay, but sometimes later (if I was lucky), or sometimes much sooner (if I was unlucky).Even if this version wasn't completely unstable, I still wouldn't recommend playing this over the 360 version. While this is the ""Director's Cut"", the story by and large is exactly the same, with the exception of a few added cutscenes at the beginning/end of each episode. The storyline is perfectly capable of standing on its own without these added scenes, so playing this version of the game just for them (especially if you've played the original game before) is not worth it. If one really wanted to see them, I'd recommend viewing them on a video site, rather than playing through this version for the sake of seeing them.There are some other things regarding the game design that have been changed; most notably the controls. The original game featured Resident Evil 4-style movement, in that moving up or down would move your character forward or backward, while moving left or right would turn your character in those directions; camera remaining behind your shoulder the whole time. There were also some parts of the game (very few; only a small handful) where the normally over-the-shoulder camera would switch to a completely different angle, again reminiscent of Resident Evil (in this case, the classic horror-style games). One complaint the original game did receive had to do with these controls, so in the Director's Cut you can instead move in any direction, while moving the camera completely independently of your character. As far as basic maneuverability is concerned, this is an improvement, though I would argue it's not really necessary, as the original game's movement controls were just fine, if not entirely self-explanatory. The aiming and shooting mechanics are virtually untouched in the Director's Cut, aside from moving aiming control to the right analog stick (if you're playing with a controller). You still have to stand in place to aim and shoot, so this aspect of the controls remains faithful to the original. Whether you consider that a drawback or not will depend on your preferences.While general movement is improved by the new controls, I think keeping full control of the camera during every moment of gameplay was a bad change to make. This is most apparent in one of the side quests, in which you push boxes around a maze. This puzzle-like gameplay was shown from an overhead view in the original game, but here in the Director's Cut, the camera is moved closer to your character, as if you were in a normal area. This makes trying to solve this block puzzle unnecessarily much harder to do, as you can no longer see the entire playing field; thus making it much more likely that one will make a mistake, and thus have to restart the block puzzle from the beginning. This was much less of a hassle to complete in the original game. There are also some other scenes which originally had fixed-camera perspectives, yet now don't. These other scenes' original perspectives aren't nearly as important as the block puzzle's, but this was still a change that added nothing to the game.This is a relatively minor change, but the green tint the original game had was removed in this version. This doesn't really affect the game that much; the graphics are mostly identical otherwise, and if you've never played the original game, you won't find yourself missing it. I personally miss the green tint, as I felt it helped add to the atmosphere, but I wouldn't consider its removal a deal-breaker on its own.The only other significant addition to the game is some bonus features, such as alternate outfits for certain characters to wear, as well as a house in town for the main character to rest at. This, again, is unnecessary, and the fact that time and effort was spent on frivolous things such as this, as opposed to fixing any of the graphical deficiencies in the game, or refining the level and quest designs, or even fixing some translation errors in the text or bugs that the original game had, is disappointing. The original Deadly Premonition was a pretty unpolished, buggy game, and this retains all of the bugs that version had, while introducing several new ones of its own. Over three years passed between the release of the original game, and the release of the Director's Cut on the PS3, followed soon after by this PC port. Were the developers really not able to fix any of these problems during all this time; not even the grammatical/spelling errors that are prevalent throughout the game's text?It hurts me to write this, because at its core Deadly Premonition is a game I truly care about. Its story (which I won't go into detail about at all, as it's one that should ideally be experienced with as few spoilers as possible) is incredibly compelling and well-written, managing to mix multiple themes and moods in a way that fits well together; after my first time beating the original game, I found myself reflecting on the game's events and characters time and time again. Every character in this game is incredibly memorable, and the majority of the work by the game's voice actors is very well done. The actual gameplay itself... has its ups and downs. The game's world is very interesting and has a number of secrets to be found, as well as multiple unique characters who maintain their own schedules and lives as the game progresses, somewhat similar to The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask. The sidequests are mostly good, and stand out from each other pretty well, while at times giving essential rewards for completing them.The game's combat is often derided, which is understandable. Most of the combat areas in the game are terribly designed, being repetitive, dull, and often way too long for their own good. It's as if the developers spent most of their time on the main storyline and sidequests, and rushed to include some combat areas at the last minute, having absolutely no time to playtest them. As with many other things, none of this is changed in the Director's Cut; if you hated the combat in the original game, that's still an issue here. All I can recommend to deal with it is doing certain sidequests as soon as possible, and using their rewards to help make the combat less tedious.To sum things up, Deadly Premonition is a very unique, memorable experience; one that as of now, I feel is best had on the Xbox 360. If Deadly Premonition seems like a game you really want to experience, and you have a 360, I recommend searching out a used copy of that version instead, and afterward (if you feel like it) watching the extra cutscenes online. If you have a PS3... I haven't played that version myself, but from what I have read online it at least doesn't crash after every hour of play. If neither of these platforms are available to you, and you absolutely have to play this game, well... then you might want to take a chance on this PC version; preferably during a sale. Remember to download the latest version of Durante's DPfix prior to playing, and make sure to save as much as possible, lest you lose your recent progress due to a crash. Also back up your saves often; fortunately they're easily accessible in their own folder inside the game's files. While it didn't happen to me, thankfully, I have read about instances where other players' save data was corrupted, forcing them to start over. With that in mind, enjoy at your own risk."
,Recommended,247660,23781408,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,krimhorn,"Man, I wish that I could simultaneously 'Thumbs up'and'Thumbs down' this game. As it is I can't recommend this game but I can't recommend itenougheither.The game isbadlydeveloped on the PC. It basically won't run without usingDurante's dpfixand even then, with the latest version of that, it has issues like HDR style bloom occasionally flickering and blowing out the screen, an aimbox that doesn't let you aim outside of atinyfraction of the screen, a screeching sound loop when you're in a car and crashes ever 25 minutes on the dot. Still, it's a really,reallygreat story with really solid gameplay. On the one hand, if you have a 360 or PS3 then just pick it up used for one of those systems but, as of the time of this writing, it's on sale on Steam for $2.99 with the soundtrack and the OSTaloneis worth that money (listening to it right now). The game's not unplayably broken (with dpfix and compatibility mode for XP SP3/98 set) but it does have enough issues to make it a conditional recommendation even on sale.Gameplay wise it's an open-world game set in a small town that feels realish. There are two major ""centers"" to the town (downtown and a smaller business/residential area) and a bunch of places off in various parts of the countryside all connected with roads that feel planned rather than designed for sandboxing/gameplay. In many ways Greenvale feels more like a town than any other open-world location that I've played because of that.A day-night cycle is present, as you'd expect, but unlike most open-world games it's not just a perfunctory addition that has no gameplay impact. Rather, NPCs have a routine and are available at certain places at certain times and not at all at others. This impacts when you can start sidequests and when missions can be taken. On top of that NPCs actually drive around Greenvale to get to their various locations. The first time I saw this in action I was standing outside a particular main character's house waiting to be able to start a side mission and I saw her drive up, get out of her car, walk into the house via the garage door (and then the mission still wasn't available so I ""peeked"" inside the window and she was in there puttering around).The story is one of the best told murder mysteries that I've played through. It's got elements of cosmic horror as well as ""good"" old-fashioned depravity. As you progress through the missions you're going to be picking up clues that allow you to ""Profile"" what occurred (basically a cutscene that starts out unclear but clears up as you gather clues) that will eventually lead you to the killer and uncover what the craziness that goes on in the dark, dark hours of the night is all about.The shooty gameplay isn't particularly good but, thankfully, it's also not particularly necessary. A standard wrench (that you can get with infinite durability from an early sidequest) will do you well for most of the enemies through most of the game. Shooty wise it harkens back to the Resident Evil style aim and stand mechanics but you'll only hit an enemy if your sight actually crosses them and turns into a reticle. It's not great but it gets the job done and, aside from the three bosses in the late game, it's not really required. Just make sure you do the quests to get a .34 with unlimited ammo before you get to them.All in all the game is flawed, critically so on the PC, but it's still such a satisfying game with anexcellentstory and a soundtrack that is silly, cheerful, haunting, beautiful and sad all at the same time. Definitely give it a shot in some fashion. Whether that be on one of the last-gen consoles, a PC with dealing with the issues that crop up or evena no commentary ""Let's Play"""
,Recommended,247660,33206910,Posted: 3 July,all,Cœur de Griffin,"Twin Peaks and Resident Evil had a bastrard baby and it can barely walk let alone run, but it and all it's messed up and autistic ways ended up being wonderful."
76561198027713442,Recommended,247660,31679841,Posted: 11 May,all,Scissorman,"Known as the most critically polarizing game in video game history, Deadly Premonition is definitely a game that stands out from the crowd and establishes itself as a unique and bizarre specimen. Borrowing heavily from David Lynch's phenomenal television show, Twin Peaks, Deadly Premonition tells the story of FBI Agent Francis York Morgan who is called in to investigate the murder of a young woman in the sleepy mountain town of Greenvale. Along the way he meets various colorful and unique characters that add more to the allure and mystery of his investigation.PROS:Fantastic story - A very deep and amazing story with many shocking developments and plot twists. One of the best written and presented stories I have ever seen in a video game.Unique characters - Every character in Deadly Premonition is different and bursting with personality. A lot of care was put into every person's back story and quirks to make each one stand out.Plenty to do - There are points in the story where you can go fully open world. Inside Greenvale are plenty of side quests and activities to take part in. Some activities you can only do at certain times of the day or before or after particular story events.Genuinely creepy - The game starts off like a typical horror game, but slowly begins to twist and contort into a more unsettling and disturbing tale.CONS:Odd controls - Some of the games controls are a bit sluggish, especially the driving controls. Every car feels like a tank and will randomly spin off the road for no reason.PC Version plagued with technical issues - If you play Deadly Premonition on PC, be prepared to fight with it. The game has loads of technical problems from random crashing and freezing, to frame rate and graphical errors. It's a miracle if you can get the game to run for more than 10 minutes without it crashing. There are workarounds, but it's upsetting to see how little care went into the PC port.Maybe a little too weird - Deadly Premonitions charm lies in it's quirky characters and twisting story. A lot of crazy things happen throughout and the narrative can be a little weird for some. Not a game for people who like a more straightforward story.If you can see past all the technicaly problems with the PC port, Deadly Premonition is a superb action/horror game with one of the best stories I have ever witnessed. If you can, I highly recommend getting the PS3 version since it is more stable and less likely to give you problems."
,Recommended,247660,24464815,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,SparklyKittenSouls,"The steam port is absolutely terrible. Crashes frequently and had to change multiple settings on my computer just to get past a certain part.10/10 this game is amazing, but get it on a different platform."
,Recommended,247660,34411708,Posted: 22 August,all,Kuehnau,"This is really something special. Take a mix of B-Horror films, mix in a bit of comedy, creative writing, survival horror, life simulation, life management and open world and  you have  Deadly Premonition: The Director's Cut.You play as autastic FBI agent Morgan as he wanders around, makes weird comments and observations, while talking to his imaginary friend ""Zack"" (I assume that's the player). While exploring the town of Greenvale, you'll need to keep Morgan well fed, make sure he sleeps enough, makes it on time to his appointments and more. Things like having to shave, clean his clothes or buy new outfits adds just enough depth to make the game even more intresting.I have no problems with the controls. Others may be playing with a keyboard and mouse, but the game was clearly designed to be played with a controller, which I have been using myself. It's pretty much your run of the mill tank controls ala Resident Evil, with an auto-aim assist that comes in handy at times.I think my biggest complaint with the game so far is the driving segments. Driving in this game tends to be clunky at best and eventually because tedious and frustrating. Some sort of quick travel feature would have been *really* nice for this game.The game is clearly showing it's age, it doesn't look nearly as good as modern day games, but what do you expect for a port of a 7th generation console game?On a side note, I guess lots of people are having issues with the performance of the game. Since I am all too aware of how problematic PC games can be when running on different hardware, I am not discounting other users' problems. But, I must be lucky, because this game installed and ran just fine without any major issues or difficulties. I am unsure if the poor reviews for this game are based around technical problems other users are having, but I simply don't see why it is being judged so poorly.In the end, this is a unique, quirky game that has done a fine job at entertaining me and making me laugh and that's all that matters. Play this game, it's a blast."
,Recommended,247660,13748842,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,My_Kreal,"This game gets both a 0/10 and a 10/10.I've thought about this game for months-- Not because of its plot, its gameplay, or its presentation.  No.  I've wondered if SWERY had planned for the plot to make no sense with terrible dialogue, if he had planned the gameplay to be stiff and hilariously broken.  If he planned for this ""serious survival-horror game"" to turn around and moon us all along.It's either a trainwreck or a complete miracle that this game exists.It could be both for all I know.Please buy this game.  You're witnessing the birth of the first B-Game.The squirrels make monkey noises.  THE SQUIRRELS MAKE MONKEY NOISES."
76561198064284846,Recommended,247660,18754723,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Tofu Hero,"Want to play a game with quirky, rememberable characters?With a crazy mystery that never seems to stop twisting?How about plots that take a second playthrough to REALLY get?Hours of roaming time?Countless collectables?More Collectables?Did I mention too many Collectables?Is there such a thing as ""too many"" collectables?Do you like commentary on 80's horror movies?Do you often have suspicions than NPCs are up to no good, but are often unfonded?Would you like to reveal the dark secrets of those ""innocent"" NPCs through tons of side-quests?Even if it ruins their otherwise perfect marriages and lives?And finally ...Are you willing to put up with the games wonky combat controls to enjoy an otherwise great story and game?Then this, my friends, is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,247660,29576866,Posted: 29 January,all,Johnny Two Tips,You shouldn't have to go out of your way to make a game you paid for work properly
76561197970656756,Not Recommended,247660,12716575,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Null0x00,"This port is basically broken and frequently hangs and freezes at random, even after fixing the broken PhysX install the game comes with. Don't bother and just get the console version instead (I only paid $2.50 for it and still feel ripped off)."
76561197978234445,Not Recommended,247660,28387510,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Valenzhul,"What I was able to play of this game was very interesting.  It borrows heavily from Twin Peaks, but turns the weird up to 11 pretty fast.  I was really interested to see what would happen next, and the story might be really great!  Unfortunately, I wouldn't know.  After fixing a few crashes early on I ran into a repeating crash to desktop that I spent more time trying to fix than I did playing the game, and in the end was still unable to get past.  It's a shame since despite the unpolished visuals, I was completely into the game (until I was staring at an error message on my desktop).  One of the worst ports I've ever played."
76561198006064887,Not Recommended,247660,20604430,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Willibald,"If you can get it on sale or cheap, this might be ok. However, charging 30 Euro for this is overpriced.Technical problems:- Crashes and bugs here and there- Clunky controls- A fixed 720p 16:9 resolution; there is a mod that changes that, but that will give you more chrashesWhile I am accustomed to clunky controls for console ports, the fixed resolution and the crashes are not acceptable.This game tries to be so much at once, it ends up being not good at anything particular:- It tries to tell a story, but that story is weird and has too many turnarounds and arbitrary events. Even after the story is finished, you could still turn it around again and no one would mind.- It tries to be a detective game, but it fails, most detective work is embedded into the story and there is not that much you can do wrong. Lots of suspects, but you don't choose the trail you want to follow, the main mission just guards you through- It tries to be open world GTA driving around, but fails due to extremely clunky driving, unusable map, and chrashes if you go somewhere where the game didn't expect you to go.- It tries to simulate real world needs: You have to eat and to sleep and to shave from time to time. But it fails: You cannot to go to the toilet, you cannot wash yourself (just the clothes), etc.- It tries to be Resident Evil, but it fails in its mediocre clunkiness and boring repetitions, including stupid quick time events- It tries to be episodic, but doesn't make sense there at all. Episodes 1 to 3 take forever, eposides 4-7 are rather short and should just have been episode 4 if it was ment to be comparable- It tries to incorporate psychological elements into the game, but fails miserably. Nearly all characters have psychological problems galore, they just stacked probably everything they thought they heard about psychosis and mutiple personalities. You will meet more psychopaths laden with stories from their childhoods in the small town of this game than in an average psychiatry of a very big city.- On top of that all: It unnessessary slows down action and progress by long loading times, unskippable intro (which is a problem due to the many chrashes), opening doors very slowly, etc.The store page tells ""Part suspense-filled horror, part action-adventure game, Deadly Premonition offers an open-world experience packed with locals to meet and places to discover, as well as numerous side quests and mini-games (...)"". Describes the game well: They threw together lots of things, all of them at mediocre quality and rather early-access-like than finished. So the customer ends up holding a mixed bag of everything a little bit in his hands, but nothing really usable. Just like someone added every spice available in his kitchen to some food, hoping for it to become tasty. Most times, it won't.To sum it up, and to cite the main characters himself: ""Zach, this is a waste of time!"". Yes, it is, it kills quite some time playing it, always at the border between quitting due to all it's clunkiness but still providing something that makes you want to continue in the hope of it becoming more enjoyable, which sadly does not happen."
,Recommended,247660,8866376,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,0dds_0f_Even,"I was going to say something bad about this game since the PC version of Deadly Premonition has one of the worse ports I have ever encountered (It's really bad on the PC & the devs won't even bother fixing the PC version so Durante had to do their work for them) but I played the Xbox version of Deadly Premonition so I have something different to say (I know the xbox version doesn't include the Director's Cut but I had to play this game to see why it was in the cult section of videogames).Deadly Premonition Review:I usually have an average experience on most modern horror games like Outlast for example (I'm a very picky person on what I think is a good horror game) but this game gave me the best experience in the psychological, mystery horror genre & I'm going to try to explain why.Well for starters this game has one of the most interesting main characters in the world of horror. His name is Francis Morgan a.k.a York who has a split personality named Zach who helps him in his cases, every time he takes a sip of coffee he gets a random fortune or a message from it (I wish my coffee could do that) & he has a unique talent of collecting clues then automatically getting his ""Profiling"" skills running in his brain (The way he already knows what's going on is amazing, Sherlock Holmes would be proud). The game's strengths are the story, characters, the open world of Greenvale, the amount of side missions you can do (There are also trading cards that you can collect) & the strong plot twists but there are downsides to this game like the combat for example but I'm not going to mention them because the game forgives it's flaws by having cheesy charm (It's hard to explain).One of my friends gave a perfect word for this game which is ""Bat♥♥♥♥♥♥crazy"" (I played a lot of disturbing games to the point of being desensitized) & I have to agree because the game has one of the weirdest characters in gaming history like Sigourney for example who is obsessed with warming her pot (Not the drug you idiot) & I can't forget the transformation that Thomas had with a red dress later on in the game (Thomas get the ♥♥♥♥ off drugs). The story to this game is your typical who murdered this person scenario but the way the game feeds you the character's backstories & the amount of thinking is brilliant, this game forces you to not trust everyone but it slowly weeds out your guesses (Me, my friend & my family were having fun trying to guess the murderer & we were all talking about theories on who the murderer is). The fact that the game is a combination of Resident Evil's combat (Resident Evil 4 mostly) & the open world sandbox of Grand Theft Auto is a nice combination from the game director SWERY a.k.a Hidetaka Suehiro so I hope future game devs use an open world sandbox in future horror games.Overall this game is a good example on how to make a good horror game without overusing cheap scares like jumpscares when the main thing you should be afraid of is the unknown & to be aware of who you trust (If I missed anything then be sure to leave feedback so I can edit my review & I forgot that shaving your beard gives you money)."
,Not Recommended,247660,20040014,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Julεs,"It pains me to not recommend this game but you can't look past the technical issues. Even if you get Durante's excellent DPFix mod it's hit and miss whether the game will actually run decently for you, if at all. After much trial and error I managed to get it running but after 30-40 mins of playtime the FPS grinds to a halt and needs a game restart to get it smooth again.What a shame, the game deserves better."
,Recommended,247660,30768716,Posted: 27 March,all,❤︎ ƤąЯƙ℮Я ❤,"This game taught me all I need to know about fixing broken game ports!Ignoring the fact that this is one atrocious port that constantly crashes and is very unstable at the best of times, and has wild fps rates, Deadly Premonition is an amazing experience. Inspired by the series Twin Peaks, it bases itself around a small town where a bunch of murders have happened. You play as Agent York, solving the crimes and uncovering secrets as you go.-The game has comedic value; some intentional and others not so much (character idle poses are so stupid they are funny) which gives it some charm and somewhat detracts from the pain of getting it to run.-QTEs are a nightmare sometimes, so prepare to die!-Car controls are very clunky and steering is on a whole different level.-Similar to Silent Hill, there are sections which are nightmarish and a seperate reality from the current part of the game. You find enemies here which you have to fight (or run past if you really wanted to). Combat controls very much like an old Resident Evil title and work well.-The soundtrack is very unique and fits the game brilliantlyBottom line: If you're prepared to spend hours spoon-feeding this game into working, it is worth it."
,Recommended,247660,9161397,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,•SADBOY•,"After spending about 4 hours dicking around trying to understand why it was crashing so hard, i figured out it had to be started in windows 98 mode. Its playing like a lamb now, For the rest of the game the animations and emotes for their faces are laughable. I've been in the game for about 19 hours now and seems like i hardly made a dent, its so long but I am planning to beat the game. 6/10..it seems a little rough around the edges, but i mean it has its parts.Edit: I've beaten the game and i can safetly say its a 9/10 :D.. once you get over the problems and glitches its a really interesting story, it actually made me tear up at the end Q_Q."
,Recommended,247660,22917107,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Marcelus,"Pros:- From a non-technical point of view this is a gem of gaming. There're not many open world survival horror games like this out there.- Add to the formula a contrast between awkward humor, a dark story about a murder, and tons of references of movies and series. Yes this stinks Twin Peaks everywhere...and we love it! :D- Let's talk about visuals and gameplay. The game was originally intended to be on PS2 but finally it came for the second one. The characters looks decent in comparison of some meshses from Greenvale. But the amount of work done on each road of this city deserves a bit of understanding. The goal was to achieve the detective experience of solving this murder in a non-linear way. I mean the game has it's scripted path and missions but you can always add to the story by doing side-quests in GTA fashion or LA Noir Fashion. I think Swery did a great work on Greenvale. Each part of the city has some collectibles and some clunky or funny designs that tells the player ""go there!...is funny isn't it!?"" for instance when you go through a forbidden road or a field filled with animals. The map can look like game from early 2000's but I found this place a very nice place to explore. Plus the rain that's my weakness...plus the woods. In terms of design and having some TP references he achieved it big time!- The characters look way better. The shadows the cast within their mesh is way better than the projected on environments and it looks like the put some nice attention on normal maps. Of course the animation is cheesy and basic sometimes. But this is part of the style (like D4 for instance a few years after DP).- The combat is like RE4. Not as fast and the enemies could be repetitive BUT the key of its levels is the puzzle solving. Some enemies drop keys. Other levels makes you figure out a path or interact with the elements in it.- OMG the car controls xD (no, is not a ""pro"" but is not a ""con"").- The OST is amazing! Point mother ♥♥♥♥ing period!- The Director's Cut adds some tweaks on the controls that makes the experience way better than the Xbox 360 first version. Of course the changed some artistic details like the famous color grading but this is the ultimate experience (at least for now).- Also the Director's Cut version has a few new cutscenes which adds to the story. I will not spoil anything but I found the ending of the game one of the best from the last few years. Not kidding.- If you didn't get many side-quests the game has TONS of interesting details.- ""DP Fix"" exist!(http://blog.metaclassofnil.com/?p=438)As it happened with Dark Souls Prepare to Die Edition. Deadly Premonition was a even more broken game on PC at launch. Consider helping the modder ;)Now we can play the game and even over-sample shadows, resolution, AA, AO etc.. The fix also let's to change textures, there are some HD Packs and button prompt if you want to use a Dualshock for instance.Cons:- Even with a monster PC you'll have some long loading times. I know there will not be a remastered definitive edition on the future. But if there was any chance, this is something that can help improving the experience A LOT.- You can loose some interesting character development if you don't explore Greenvale. Spy people on the windows!!Notes:- You can find ""Pillow Stains"", the song from the former form of DP called ""Rainny Woods"" check the trailer on YouTube:www.youtube.com/watch?v=EbbhwO7pRHAwithin the game ;) just explore the map. Song:www.youtube.com/watch?v=H9zfSVmMbjM- Don't waste your first playthrough without doing side-quest.- DP Fix recommendations:1) Desactivare the DEP for the .exe2) Create a shortcut of the .exe to achieve the borderless mode.3) Run the .exe with W98 compatibility and admin rights.4) If you have some .dll problems just follow the Steam discussions. Every OS is different.5) You can now use Sweet FX to bring the Xbox 360 grading.6) There's a horrible Memory Leak problem within the fullscreen mode. Use borderless as mentioned before to solve this on many cases. This also will solve the issue of the Alt+Tab freeze and the steam overlay.Many other issues and workarounds can be found here:http://pcgamingwiki.com/wiki/Deadly_Premonition:_The_Director's_Cut- I would add many things but they could be spoilers. I would recommend you to visit my friend Whitney's Page ""Welcome to Greenvale""www.facebook.com/welcometogreenvaleand her YouTube:www.youtube.com/user/shhistoricalsociety- Another recommendation from YouTube after beating the game:www.youtube.com/watch?v=d7DGK2U387Q"
,Not Recommended,247660,25355207,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Kain Klarden,"Deadly Premonition is a game you need to play,For Director's Cut on PC, though, you should not pay.So says Mr. Stewart.Deadly Premonition is one of my absolute favorite games. The Director's Cut, however, and especially the PC version are something to avoid.Deadly Premonition was a flawed, but amazing game full of charming personality with every of it's lots of characters. What it needed is some additional polish, some rebalancing, some QTE removal. Ideally an engine port to make the world feel even more complete by removing the loading screens or at least making them less frequent. It needed something that will make the original strange beauty preserved for generations to come.Instead it got The Director's Cut. A version that is worse in pretty much every regard. With slightly better visuals in some parts, worse in all others. With all the game breaking and lighter glitches, typos, mistranslations and other issues intact. With next to no changes to actual issues. With one non-issue made better (the controls). With pointless DLCs. With horribly voiced and animated new cutscenes that break the flow of the story, spoil things and add nothing of value. And, especially on PC, with countless crashes. Crashes that you cannot avoid no matter what you do, just make them slightly less frequent.If you can, find the original for 360, play that instead. If you absolutely must play Director's Cut, do it on consoles. But this version? This version is the one to avoid at all cost. It will ruin the game for you. And the game is very much worth it.P.S. Bonus video review:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=758280147"
76561198148737106,Not Recommended,247660,15326520,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Scott Pilgrim,"Game is Unplayable!! A total waste of money and time. Be warned do not buy, after you download and try to run the game it immediately crashes. I give this game 0.1 out of 10"
,Recommended,247660,29673356,Posted: 3 February,all,Ishvala,"This game was fun. Enemies are pointless though. Toward the end they start just attaching plot pieces together for no reason, it wouldn't make any difference in the story if they didn't in my opinion.It was buggy though I had to use DPfix atfirst. Then I had to remove it because I got an Aiming glitch that only works by alt-tabbing out of fullscreen mode. Which with DPfix makes you crash. Instead I downloaded sweetfx and kept the game in 720p. For the crashing I used the CFF_Explorer fix, if it was a really bad crash that happened consistently I used compatibility mode windows98/ME. Problem with that is that It makes your frames drop to the single digits.This game is playable if you download various fixes. If you got this game for 2-3$ it might be worth it. However I can't recommend it if you buy it at full price.SweetFX fix -http://pcgamingwiki.com/wiki/Deadly_Premonition:_The_Director's_Cut#Improved_texturesCFF_Explorer fix (use dp.exe instead of sims3 in the guide) -http://simswiki.info/wiki.php?title=Sims_3:Large_Address_Aware/CFF_Explorer"
,Not Recommended,247660,33441116,Posted: 10 July,all,Salty Juniper,"I'd love to give this game a good review, but in good conscience I can't. I played this game a few years ago on the xbox 360 and loved it, so I was thrilled to find it on the PC when I switched over to PC gaming. This game, however, is plagued with bugs. Occasionally, the game will crash when playing the opening cutscene. Severe, unhandled crashes can also happen during loading screens. Some very specific events can also trigger crashes (don't go outside at 14:00 during mission 6). Finally, there appears to be a memory leak, as my FPS would slowly drop while I play. The game does not handle high FPS well either, as button prompts will flash and the menu may freeze at a high FPS. Finally, if you play with a controller, the game cannot handle two triggers being pressed at the same time. That means shooting cannot be mapped to LT and RT. And after getting through all these bugs, the truth is the game is just average overall. If you're brave enough to consider buying this game despite these problems, here's some of the pros and cons:Pros:+Quirky, memorable dialog+Unique characters+Huge variety of side missions, most with a unique reward+Surprising attention to detail -- grow beard in real time, people treat you badly if you wear old clothes, side missions depend on weather patterns, etc.+A decent mystery+A sort of surrealist style+Fun music (though it sometimes plays at strange times)Cons:-A horror game that isn't scary (outside of the constant fear of a crash)-Terrible driving controls (and you have to drive a lot)-Combat consists of just putting the cursor at head level and racking up headshots. Imagine playing RE4 except all the enemies come at you one at a time, they're much slower and dumber, and there's barely any enemy variety.-Pretty bad graphics. I don't mean bad as in outdated, I mean it looks like the 3d modelers and texture artists were still learning their job while making the game.-The animations are bad, and basically just cycle between neutral, laughing, and scared. The only exceptions are during cutscenes when generic animations simply wouldn't work.-You can get infinite ammo weapons way too early, which basically makes the entire game way too easy.To summarize, imagine if you had a book, but someone has defecated between all the pages. The story of this book is pretty good, but you have to get through a lot of nasty s**t to get to it. That book is Deadly Premonition. Now, if you don't like s**t, you'd probably be better off watching a YouTube video of somebody with a higher tolerance to s**t go through it.9.5/10"
,Recommended,247660,30151874,Posted: 24 February,all,Mason,"Twin Peaks: The Game on sale for $2.50? Did you hear that, Zach?While the port is bad, the music is played at the most innapropriate times, and has the SAME EXACT STORYLINE as Twin Peaks, the game is amazing. You can call certain scenes funny but it sweetens the pot if you take them as surreal. I'm not sure if I'm playing a horror game or a paranormal sitcom, but that just makes it all the better. The driving AI for the NPCs is wacky and I like to watch them drive in circles or clip through the forest. I'd say wait til it goes on sale again before buying. What do you think, Zach?P.S. If you want it to not crash on start-up, don't play in Full-Screen mode."
,Recommended,247660,26329729,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Indiana Barack: The Last Crusade,"was about to refund this game, but then got the durante fix and restarted my pc and the problems were mostly fixed. got stuck in a strange world where i was educated on southern tailed squirrels, biscuits, and random b movies"
,Recommended,247660,25664969,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Xansos,"I wrote a short ""review"" a few years ago and i feel i like didn't do this game enough justice it deserves.What exactly is this game? That is a really good question. If you really want a better review justreadthis.This is supposed to be a survival horror game, is it though? It's a murder mystery, you play as York (everyone calls him that) an fbi agent that investigate a serial killer leading to a small town. Once you start this game, you'll know that this game is bad. The story doesn't make sense, the dialogue is horrible, the cutscenes are attrocious, the gameplay are horrendous, the control is the worst. But it is also a wonderful experience that you'll never forget.You'll dread the shooting so much with all the bullet sponge enemies, You'll accidentally press the a button and see the 'get out of car' animation a million times. You will also ask questions, a lot of questions. Why is the raincoat killer stopped chasing me after i evade one time? Why is there an old dude on a wheelchair wearing a gas mask? Why is there a jazz playing while i examined a body? Who is whistling that mario theme?!?please get it out of my head.And alsoWho is zach?Not all of that question will be answered. At the end of the game, the character will grow on you, you'll no longer ask the unecessary question, because it's deadly premonition.But if it's all so bad, what makes it a good game, you ask. Deadly premonition knows that it is a bad B-movie and made it their strength. Sure you will be frustated, but that frustation is wiped by the laugh that you'll get. You'll laugh at it, thinking that it's bad, but that's also what makes it so good. It's also possible that you will hate it with passion, that is also fine. Because you gotta have a truly twisted mind to enjoy it. It's a genius of swery.How exactly are we supposed to enjoy this game, ironically? Unironically? That is a question that will never be answered.Perhaps the saddest part of this game is this will probably be the one and only that ever comes out."
,Not Recommended,247660,12653309,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,wickedwillow77,"Full controller support is not accurate. Xbox 360 controller works fine for every other game with controller support, but can not even move when I try to use it for this game. I googled it and apparently this is a big problem that still has not been fixed."
,Recommended,247660,9701149,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,%20&amp;%20,fire walk with me
,Recommended,247660,8323214,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Bears,"The graphics look like a ps2 game and the combat is kind of clunky, but this game makes up for it with pure charm.Amazing story and great characters.Download DPfix to improve the gamehttp://blog.metaclassofnil.com/?tag=dpfix"
,Not Recommended,247660,34618752,Posted: 30 August,all,AbstractRealist,"To be clear I recommend playing this game, just not THIS version.  I give the dev kudos points for bringing it over to PC, but it's like they just dropped it here broken with no intent of ever fixing it.  There's unofficial patches out there and stuff for the memory but it all honesty it still doesn't really fix the game, it's STILL going to crash and there will STILL be some awkward controller issues.  Either find it on the 360 or th ""better"" version on the PS3.Best thing about the game, and the reason you should play it, is the story.  It's really amazing... The town, the people, the main characters, even the murder scenes.  If you like quirky stories like Twin Peaks then you have to at least try this game.  Just know if you're more of a casual gamer don't even bother at all with this version because you'll need to go out of your way to get it to work."
,Not Recommended,247660,31112930,Posted: 13 April,all,LaceYueLong,"Debatedly one of the Worst-Best games I've ever played.By that I mean that this game astounded me from start to finish, both in good ways, and in bad ways. For example, the characters, story and development of everything in the game are among the best I've ever seen. BUT the game can't really run at a stable 60/30 fps, tends to dip randomly after long periods of play and has occasional crashes.I was lucky to only have the above problems, sound problems, constant crashes, extreme fps issues, things just not working in general among many, many other issues plague this port, and probably most of the original game as well. If somehow, somewhere this game were to be fixed/re-ported I would not doubt this game to be a GOTY contender at all. Even if its kind of culty. And Awesome.Because the port and everything else are so bad I can't recommend this game. If you want to give it a shot you'll be able to tell in the first 2 hours if your pc can run it relatively well. If so, enjoy this diamond. If not, sorry but its just more dirt to tread on (and return).A yes no system can't explain this at all... I like the game and would probably say its an EXTREMELY rare (for me at least) 8.8/10. I didn't have enough problems to really hate the tech side of the game, but it is a port. A bad port at that and not something you'd want if it doesn't work...I can only say a game is the awesome best thing and♥♥♥♥♥♥so many times before it loses its meaning. T~T"
,Recommended,247660,8747024,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Babe,从高贵话题作快速沦落为进包加一货，谁还在乎你多碉堡的剧情
,Recommended,247660,22851123,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,teemu92,Great mystery story paired with quite poor combat parts and alot of issues with crashing in certain areas but 100% worth it to play all the way.I highly recommend it!
,Not Recommended,247660,29372650,Posted: 20 January,all,Rorshach,Let me start off by saying this is one of my favorite games...on PS3 and Xbox 360.this game doesnt even boot up on my computer and thats a complete shame.Game should be pulled and reworked because obviously Im not the only one having issues.
,Recommended,247660,23740570,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Reffner,"Got paid for shaving my face, and a giant, demonic dog fell from the sky and totaled my car.10/10"
76561198038551862,Recommended,247660,18649527,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,prometheus,"some things are like trainwreks, a million small  errors comeing together to form a cluster of failure. deadly premonition is not like that however; with this game a million errors create something great. goofy and bizzare, but with a lot of heart, this game probobly has something everyone can laugh at."
76561197980910801,Not Recommended,247660,33865330,Posted: 28 July,all,Haute DIO,"Such beautifully weird game: it's like if Ed Wood became a one-man indie game studio. This port is, no exaggeration on my part, the WORST running game I've EVER played. EVER. I haven't had this much difficulty running PC games from 20+ years ago. If you have an Xbox 360, get that version. The Director's Cut makes the combat easier (and it sucks, so that's honestly a good thing) but it's not worth the headache. I installed every fix I could find and still I fought this game for probably half my playtime. Up until the final boss I was screwing around with compatibility settings and .ini files. But the game itself is so good! Get it on 360 if you have one, if not maybe check out a plathrough on YouTube. If you can't stand Let's Plays then buy it here, but expect resistance."
,Not Recommended,247660,12639706,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,td3107n,"Bought the game for € 2,49, thinking to myself I can't do something wrong for that price.Actually, the story and the characters of the game are quite good (as far as I know it by now), but there are so many technical issues, that I can't recommend the game to anyone. It just will end in frustration.At first, you have to use some ""trick"" to get it started at all. Then you will have crashes every now and then, which have nothing to do with the hardware (my PC fulfills all requirements by far).My personal ""I won't play this anymore""-moment is that some crash just destroyed a save game. So I played 12 hours only to recognize, that I can start all over again and I have no guarantee, that the game won't destroy another save game on my second try to finish this game."
76561198094675316,Not Recommended,247660,16142825,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Catfish and the Bunnymen,"I love this game so much and I yearn for it to fall into my tender loving arms so I can cradle it like a little baby and give it my total loving care.But it is not to be...And you know why that is?Because of the absolutely preposterous port which makes the game practically unplayable - yes I know, you've heard it all before.I started playing this game a few months back, and couldn't get past a particular cut scene (I'm sure some of the less fortuitous people such as myself know what I'm talking about); and 7 months later - after waiting for a patch of some description - it's still broken.Yes, I do use DP.Fix, but to no avail.This is an example of how a game should NOT be on a computer, which is darn shame because I really love Deadly Premonition, and on any other system I'd give it an instant thumbs up.Consoles, I'm afraid you win this point.[If I manage to fix my game-breaking bug then I'll be sure to update the review - doubt it'd change my recommendation though]"
76561197981396107,Not Recommended,247660,31231581,Posted: 18 April,all,trickyblackjack,"I don't think that anyone can contest that the core gameplay and graphics are quite lackluster (usually a death sentence for a game), but I found the central mystery as well as learning about the various quirky characters through sidequests really compelling. Enough so that I was happily pushing through.Unfortunately, this port is really prone to crashing which just got worse as I went on, and what with it being a crappy ugly game, that was just too much. Ah well...I got this at -90% though, so no loss. I feel sorry for people who pay the full $25."
,Not Recommended,247660,11775855,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Blazebeak🔥,"I had a very hard time thinking of how to review this game. There is no'yes'or'no'for this game. Hell even if steam had it there isn't even a'neutral'or'maybe'. There is simply an'I don't know'. So this game has what I think is an interesting story line but it is done very poorly. It has bad graphics, glitches, and it crashed a lot for me and others at points in the game (though I think someoneMAYhave made a mod to fix this, I never checked.) to the point where I couldn't see the epilogue because it crashed every time I tried but there is still something appealing about this game I can't explain well. The core story is very interesting. The only problem is that this game could have been much better if they took out the bad combat system and spent the money on other parts. Not being able to change the resolution and the 'DP.exe has stopped working' though are the big part for me.That being said I will still re-play it some day because I still like the story. As for anyone who wants to buy this game, You have to be aware that it doesn't feel good and have to go in with low expectations to enjoy it's random storyline. I guess that's the best way to put it. I would give it a...uhh...to be realistic 5.5/10 but I'm still not 100% sure how to rate it. You'll just have to buy the game when it's on sale as long as you can live with what the problems I stated to understand why this game is so good-bad. Though this game is a port and doesn't seem to crash or have most these problems on console so it may be worth buying it on an xbox than on steam."
,Recommended,247660,12590253,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Phoenix-san,Just one of the best games i've ever played. 11/10
,Recommended,247660,22349420,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,spires,"Honestly, I was surprised at how much I liked this game. I knew people had mixed views on it before playing, but I was not expecting the amazingly original storyline and surprise ending. If you think you're going to like this game even a little bit, it will probably surpass your expectations. Once you get it working, the awful port becomes just another quirk of this oddly satisfying game."
76561198012654426,Recommended,247660,28131385,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Have,"This game from what I have played so far, is really really good. The story and investigation is interesting and really makes you want to think about what could be right. The port of this is as bad as everyone makes it out to be, but DPFix tool can easily fix a lot of problems and restarting your computer once you have installed it fixes even more. Crashes are pretty rare, but they give a lot of save points so its been fine so far.Driving in this game is like GTA but even worse control and every surface is made of ice. The talks you have in the car passes the time by pretty well. The game is suprisingly humours while still able to keep a very good feel to the horror parts.The level designs are extremely atmospheric and the music in this game is great. The developers reference reality and themselves throughout the game and its pretty nice to catch on to them when they do make them.The game feels like a PS2 game should, its not something I feel on most games now adays and its really good feeling to go back in time. I strongly suggest this game even with the crashing problems from the port, most problems can be fixed with enough research and the DPfix Tool"
,Recommended,247660,23624776,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Ali Kharazi,"A great game in a bad port.The bad port comes in the form of horrible graphics settings and crashes. Fortunately I was able to find workarounds for these issues making the game less of a “bad” port, and more of a “decent” port. The first thing you will want to do is download the DPfix mod which will clean up some of the graphics for you. This does not solve the issue with crashing however. My experience with crashing was that the game would always crash at specific parts of the game, usually at the start of a cut scene. By this, I mean that the crashes were not random. The game would crash, I would reload the game, and it would crash at the exact same spot again. I found a workaround, which involved running the game in compatibility mode until you pass the part that crashes then disable compatibility mode after you save past the crash. By doing this I was able to enjoy the game and complete it with only a few technical issues.Now for the game itself. The game in my opinion has a great story and cast. The characters have developed back stories, and the game keeps you guessing as to who is guilty of murder. The main character is particularly interesting in his mannerism. All in all, this is a case of a great game that didn’t have enough money for that extra polish.I would recommend this game to anyone who’s looking for a good 3D adventure game with an interesting cast and story."
,Recommended,247660,27746889,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Azüre,"I mean, the game is objectively bad in many ways. I'm not going to tell you differently. But the ways in which it are bad are honestly what make it so amazing.The absolute silliness of the plot, yet still manages to be surprising at points. The characters in the town itself whch give you ridiculous♥♥♥♥♥quests that make no sense. The ridiculously realistic driving simulator that makes the drive between missions actually be like 5 minutes of driving with no other action. It's so good and yet... well.it's one of those games you have to play through at least once, probably twice, to really appreciate. It's just uhh... play it. It's easily one of my favourite games ever, and I honestly have no idea why."
76561198064474439,Recommended,247660,29210146,Posted: 12 January,all,Foxyrat,"One of the few examples of a game so bad its good, but that being said expect to deal with the game crashing occasionally so save often."
,Not Recommended,247660,19063901,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Justin J (PuNk),"nope, dont buy it til they fix the crashing issues, and fix the fact that this game is a pain in the a** to get working in the first place.booting the game you get an endless intro loop. gotta do a bunch of stuff to get it to work. during the endless loop you cant skip, you cant get to the main menu. you can only close the game. the loop just plays over and over and over.if you get passed the intro loop..... the start of the game runs fine, but once you get into town and out of the first building, NOTHING BUT CRASHES!very irritating. drive around crash, walk around, crash, get in car, crash, get out of car, crash....start up game and just barely start, crash.this needs a patch.a great game though, but unplayable. the crashes are random and often.dont buy this til they patch it which doesn't seem likely."
,Recommended,247660,22265004,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Kona,"I played this game with a friend on PS3 and while he hated it I honestly loved it. It's hard to say why with all it's flaws and rough edges, but I found it really enjoyable. It could be ""it's so bad it's good"" sorta thing but I found the game compelling. In any case it's not for everyone, but if you enjoy quirky rough around the edges games or movies, it's certainly for you.Also just call him York – everyone else does."
,Recommended,247660,21818102,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,RunOrShoot?,"What’s that, Zach – you’re at your wit’s end?Honestly, I don’t know where to start. DEADLY PREMONITION is one of the most memorable games I have ever played, but sadly not always for the right reasons. There is so much wrong with this game it’s not possible to list all its flaws in a brief review like this. Suffice it to say, it runs terribly on the PC with the longest load times I have ever encountered and more glitches than I could shake a stick at. The graphics are pretty awful (I used the DP patch which supposedly improves performance and graphics but it still looks like something from the early 90s). The controls are awful and if I hadn’t discovered a tweak that fixes a ridiculous aiming problem I would probably have given up on the game. The combat is hideous too, with the aforementioned dreadful aiming system and poor mechanics. Even the UI is an irritating mess. And yet despite all this I’m glad I stuck it out until the end (incidentally, despite having completed the game I only found a handful of the many side quests, as they are often time-sensitive and way off the main story track). So what’s good about DP? Well it certainly is quirky, and it’s easy to see why it’s gained such a devoted cult following. At its core DP has a very strong story backed up by solid voice acting. It has many weird and interesting characters and some crazy dialogue. Although it is derivative (Twin Peaks and Silent Hill are often-used comparators, and rightly so) it still has a unique personality. There’s no doubt that if DP had been produced to the same standard as a AAA game it would be outstanding. But unfortunately I can only recommend it if you have a slight masochistic streak, as, it appears, do I. There’s a five-star game in here struggling to get out but due to all its faults I can only give it 3.5/5."
76561198098558050,Recommended,247660,18422488,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,TheRealCaptainD,"This is one of the greatest games that I have ever played. It will definitely stay within my top 5 games for a long, long time. I plan to at least do a second and third playthrough, if not more.Before buying, there are 2 things that you must know:1. This is the very definition of a cult classic. If you find yourself only enjoying huge budget AAA games and never really straying into anything else, then perhaps this is not the game for you. This game must be played with an open mind, as it is very unique. Also, it is worth mentioning that the game really doesn't pick up until an hour or so into it.2. The PC port is not very good. I would only recommend buying it if you have intermediate computer skills, as you are going to have to edit a few files as well as apply a user-made patch, DPfix.The story: Simply put, it's amazing. You play as Francis York Morgan, an FBI agent sent to the small town of Greenvale to investigate the murder of a local teenager. The story quickly picks up from here and sucks you in. I wish that I could be less vague about the story, but I risk ruining the game's 20+ hour run. This is the kind of story that keeps you wanting to play the game to see what happens next. It takes many sharp turns and streches across several different genres, including, but by far not limited to: horror, mystery, survival, comedy, and even some romance. I consider myself to be good at predicting storylines in games and movies, but even I could not predict hardly any of this game. It truly kept me interested until the very end. Speaking of the end, you may just shed a tear.Characters: The characters in this game are incredibly varied and all have distinct personalities. I will certainly not ever forget any of them. The voice acting is great and really helps to bring the characters to life.Gameplay: The driving is pretty awful but far from the worst I've ever played. The pause menu map only shows your immediate surroundings and cannot zoom out, rendering it useless. You'll have to pay close attention and learn the town if you want to get around. While this map issue was mildly annoying, it made the game a little more challenging. The rest of the gameplay is good, but nothing new or super polished. I would recommend using a controller, as the keyboard and mouse control for this game just feels clunky. The game is open world and each character has a routine that they do. This is important to remember, as they may not always be home for you to ask questions. There are some points in the game in which you must wait a certain amount of in-game time before moving on to the next portion of the story. This gives you time to explore all that there is to do in Greenvale, including a ton of side missions and collectible items.Soundtrack: The soundtrack in this game is great, and very memorable. I love the acoustic guitar song that plays at the main menu and at various points in the game. Each track suits the level that it was designed for, and nothing seems out of place. The only complaint I have is that the music volume levels occasionally overpower dialogue in cutscenes.Other thoughts: The game crashed to the desktop about a dozen times during my playthrough. The crashes all occured at set points in the game's story, so they are not random. There are some suggestions to remedy this with a quick search online though. I had luck passing these crashes by setting the game's launcher and .exe to Windows 98/ME mode and running as administrator. I am using an AMD gpu with the latest drivers (15.7.1 at time of writing) and Windows 7 64 bit.Bottom line: If you don't mind the possibility of some technical issues and you are a fan of survival-horror/mystery games, by all means, buy this game."
76561198019319990,Not Recommended,247660,19038373,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Admard,"I really like Deadly Premonition.  It’s quirky, strange, and full of enjoyable characters.  I had a great time playing through it on the Xbox 360 some time ago and was eager for another play through.  Unfortunately, the PC version is a terrible mess.  The game crashes frequently and load times are horrendous.  Eventually, the bugs and consistently terrible loads caused me to abandon the game.  I wish I could recommend the game but it’s just too bad that just doesn’t work."
76561198061995292,Recommended,247660,12657963,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Debrel,"Please, no more."
76561198087813219,Recommended,247660,32788683,Posted: 25 June,all,CommanderCorgi,[Turkey Sandwich]What makes this sandwich so amazing is the fact that the turkey is tasty and juicy without making the bread soggy.
,Not Recommended,247660,16311195,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Draconis🐊,I have heard this game talked up for ages and wanted to play it for years. It finally comes on steam and is one of the worst most unplayable piles I have ever seen. I can't even get past the first area because the game decides I want to delete my melee weapon and can't break down a fence now. This port is utter garbage and a total scam that the publishers offload unto steam. As they are publishers they do not have any QA or vetting process restrictions and can drop whatever scum they want directly unto steam and clog up the store with shovelware.I have given this game a few tries just to get it to even run and now I can't get the control pad to actually do anything when I play. Total rip off.
76561198008426120,Recommended,247660,12334038,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Marceline,"This game took me a while to get into, honestly. The PC port is not fantastic, and it would crash on me frequently, until I found a fix that would make it crash every few hours instead of every hour. So, y'know, still frequent crashes. Also, the gameplay isn't great, with the driving being especially terrible and the combat kind of feeling superfluous. However, the story itself is pretty great, with twists and turns that you don't quite expect. It's campy and great. I can't heartily actually recommend everyone play it, but if it sounds cool to you, give it a shot."
,Recommended,247660,10674973,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Lady of Levin,You can grow a beard 10/10
76561198037585126,Recommended,247660,8460187,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Fire Walk With Me,There are only two types of humans that roam this earth.  Those that don't like this game and those that were birthed by the divine womb of Deadly Premonition to rise on high during endtimes and sit in judgement of those that are unworthy in both earth below and heaven above.I count myself as the latter.  Are you mortal or are you divine?
,Recommended,247660,33167682,Posted: 2 July,all,"Grandma With A Gun, Vol. 2","I liked this game up until the point when York said, with full and unyielding conviction in his voice, that Forrest Gump was a good movie.(nah but in seriousness, this is probably one of the more interesting and unique games I've played in a while. It sports plenty of bizarre and memorable characters, and the last hour or so makes up probably one of the best endings I've seen in a video game in years.My biggest issue with the game, though, is that I feel like it's ultimately too derivative of the media it takes influence of. The obvious one is Twin Peaks, and I actually wanna talk about that for a moment. I'm not a particularly big fan of Twin Peaks, but one of my favorite things about it is how Lynch manages to spin a uniquely nuanced style of surrealism that can create some truly artful and memorable moments (the deer head scene in the pilot is one of the most inexplicably hilarious gags I've ever seen in a television show).As much influence as Deadly Premonition takes from Twin Peaks, it rarely ever manages to strike the same level of creativity that Twin Peaks has. There's a few good parts, especially towards the end, but the game tends to rely too much on ""weird/awkward for the sake of being weird/awkward""-type comedy and overt references to other media (the ""pot lady""? really?), without innovating much beyond that.If I had to give this game a numerical rating, I'd probably give it something like a 7/10. It's a shame that my feelings toward it are somewhat lukewarm compared to others, but I still have a lot of respect for it. It's clearly got a lot of heart, and the fact that something like this was even managed to be developed to fruition (and, even further, released to positive reception) really gives me a lot of hope for the future of video games.)"
76561198023314797,Recommended,247660,25330559,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,BrickMurder,"This is the best worst game Ive ever played. Charming Japanese take on American Horrow. Wierd , bad graphics but also somehow as addictive as mainling a pound of heroin. Very light hearted yet very dark at the same time. WHY DO I LOVE THIS GAME?"
,Recommended,247660,27270767,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Randomly Generated User,"This game is buggy, broken, and horribly optimized, but it's perfect in every way."
76561198395869885,Recommended,247660,35051390,Posted: 18 September,all,Elly,"Known as one of the most polarizing games of all time, it can be hard to know what you should do if you're thinking about getting Deadly Premonition, and my review (although positive since I liked it) will be one that I hope will help you figure out if this game is for you or not.What does the game have (speaking positively)?  It's got a great horror/murder mystery storyline with 3-dimensional characters.  If you're a gamer who loves good stories, a fan of crime drama/murder mysteries, and/or you enjoy the more psychological, atmospheric horror of games like Silent Hill, then you're in the right place.  If you liked David Lynch's short TV series, ""Twin Peaks,"" then you'll probably like this game, altough there are some fans of Twin Peaks who felt like this game was ripping it off and didn't appreciate that (personally, I found it to be more along the lines of a loving tribute to Twin Peaks, however, I'll admit that, with all the similarities, I can understand where those that called it a rip-off were coming from).That said, what is the game lacking?  For the most part, I'd say the game is weak in it's main gameplay mechanics, but I didn't find it to be TERRIBLE.  It's a fairly simple 3rd-person action/shooter style game that implements elements of realism (eating when you are hungry, sleeping when you've been up for a certain amount of time, ect.).  The control scheme is somewhat clunky and not as polished as it should be, but once you get used to it, it doesn't take too much away from the overall experience.Gameplay isn't all a big negative either - there was a pretty big positive element having nothing to do with the main gameplay mechanics: the game's open-world with lots of optional sidequests.  Some people don't like it as much, but I had tremendous fun collecting weapons, cash, and other helpful items for the main game by doing the errands, jobs, and other plentiful optional tasks that are available to you throughout the game.  If you're a sidequest lover (especially of the open-world/sandbox variety), then getting enjoyment from playing the game shouldn't be a problem for you as you are enjoying the storyline (and it makes for lots of extra gameplay hours, making the game feel more like it earned your money).Overall, I loved this game, but I will say this: if you're not easily gripped by a game's storyline and/or you absolutely NEED a 3rd-person action/adventure/sandbox game to have well-honed controls and an intuitive, unique style of gameplay that stays fresh and exciting at every turn, then you might want to look elsewhere.My Over Rating:  9.0 / 10.0"
,Recommended,247660,32952781,Posted: 28 June,all,Ludós,"i'll make little review after finish this gamePro+Good Story+The chemistry between characters+Good soundtrack+Emily Wyatt+So many side missionsCons-Too many crash to desktop-Annoying car sound bug-Terrible Control-Stiff Animation-Bad Graphic-The town like a ghost town-Terrible car controlAfter all this game is hidden gem for me, the story is excellent!The conclusion i think this game is like when you fart, and the smells is like♥♥♥♥♥♥. but you like to inhale it! lolFor me this game can get 9/10 for story, 10/10 for Emily Wyatt, 6/10 for the gameplay"
,Recommended,247660,22966984,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,hubcaps,A ♥♥♥♥ed up mix between Shenmue and Resident Evil.Play if you want that PS2/Dreamcast era Nostalgia trip.
76561197976910489,Not Recommended,247660,29176694,Posted: 10 January,all,EvilDastard,"I can see why Deadly Premonitions has such a cult following. The game certainly has a peculiar, low-budget charm to it. The combination of Twin Peaks weirdness, Silent Hill otherworldliness, and cheesy TV sitcom-inspired humor is ridiculous...but it works. At least, it works when it's not crashing.And boy, does it crash! Crashes occur so frequently that I'm often unable to reach another save point between CTDs. I've lost progress so many times now that I really just can't force myself to give it another shot. After 18 hours, I can truthfully say that I made a serious effort to enjoy this game, but I'm done.Look, I have a fairly high tolerance for the shortcomings of low-budget games; I can generally shrug off outdated graphics, minor bugs, bad voiceovers, clunky controls, etc. But 30 to 40 minutes of gameplay between crashes? Not even I'm willing to put up with that.I wish I could recommend Deadly Premonitions...I just can't. The story and characters are often highly amusing, but the crashes are not. For what it's worth, if a stability patch ever comes out for this game then I'll happily give it another go and revise my rating."
,Recommended,247660,8593468,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Howl,"I listened to a lady drone on and on about her magic pot, I drove too fast and my car flipped sideways and went on for about 50 feet before correcting itself, I shot 360 bullets from a single magazine of a sub machine gun, smoked for 6 hours inside a guys trailer, then I stole his root beer from the cupboard. I had a wacky chase scene with a guy in a raincoat chasing me throwing an infinite number of axes at me, had a quicktime event that everyone has failed at some point or another. Finally I ate 3 hotdogs and slept for 12 hours.11/10 GOTY"
,Recommended,247660,33984744,Posted: 2 August,all,Sparky,"Deadly Premonition - an amazing game of contradiction. Behind the external squalor of the open game world, terrible graphics, clumsy animation and a heap of technical problems lies something amazing - an unusual surreal drama with a multilevel presentation of the plot. And like David Lynch's series, it's hard to judge the story from the usual criteria. The narrative skillfully combines an investigation into the entourage of the everyday world with survival in a nightmare reality. And although they are diluted by a lot of senseless and unnecessary actions, such a game on the contrasts, unusual and eccentric characters create their inexpressible charm with a touch of absurdity. Those who, despite all the difficulties, will look into Greenvale, they risk getting bogged down in the quagmire of intrigue to the very end. Behind the shroud of rain in this town there are many more secrets. Perhaps they are waiting for you. Just walk along the path of red seeds ..."
76561198029102409,Recommended,247660,31583734,Posted: 6 May,all,godfather,"Deadly Premonition is a unique and captivating game that gets a lot of things very right, and a lot of things horribly wrong. You play an FBI Agent who is tasked to investigate an unusual murder in a small town.Let's start with the wrong. This is the most crash-prone PC game I've ever played in my life. And that's saying a lot, because I've played many crash-prone games. There were several parts of the game where the only way to advance without crashing was to switch to a windowed mode (using Win 98 compatibility). There were other parts where I had to disable all the cores and logical processors of my CPU (except one). There were parts where restarting the computer was the only way.The graphics are also pretty bad for a game released in 2010. It's locked to 720p resolution, and offers no graphics settings whatsoever.So what made me like it? The highlights of this game are the story, characters, and setting. These are what kept me playing for over 20 hours, all the way to the end. The voice acting was pretty good too (especially the main character), which is surprising, given how poor the production values are in general.As for gameplay: it is described as an open world game, which is technically true. However, aside from some boring side quests, there's very little reason to explore the town too much. The gameplay is simple: you go where you are told, get in location X, explore, go through linear hallways, pick up objects, etc... Often, you'll encounter enemies (zombie-like creatures who appear out of nowhere) that you can kill with guns and other weapons. It's never all that challenging, which is a good thing because the controls are so awful the combat would've been very frustrating if it were a real challenge.The other thing the game does very well (but is underutilized) is that the townspeople go about their own lives independently of what you're doing. They wake up, go to work, then go out to a restaurant or go drinking, then go back home, then sleep. Sometimes, I see some of the characters is an unexpected location, and it's a nice surprise, and gives the town an extra feeling of authenticity. I haven't seen this done so well since all the way back to The Last Express in 1997.Finally, I always felt that with a ton of tweaks and polishing, this could have been one of the greatest games ever made. But in its current state, it's not even close. Fix the bugs, update the graphics, make the story less absurd (though it was intriguing all the way through, it got way too bizarre for me in the end), and you've got yourself a great game."
,Not Recommended,247660,35034090,Posted: 17 September,all,Aarodar,"This game doesn't work, I've tried the DPFix, making the program admininstrator, lowering the game resolution, uninstalling and reinstalling and verifying the game integrity and nothing worked.I've heard this game is good and I really wanna play it since I'm watching Twin Peaks but this is impossible on the PC. Just buy it on PS3 or 360 if you want to play it since it'll work there"
,Recommended,247660,29658798,Posted: 2 February,all,mellostopheles,"I've bought Deadly Premonition three times in various formats, and I'll buy it again. I've been playing video games for twenty-four years and this is my favourite one of all time. I bought it originally cause I heard it was a jokey cult game and didn't think it would be good. It took over my life. Have you seen Invasion of the Body Snatchers, Zach? Cause that's me now. I go around indoctrinating more friends into playing this game, because I want everyone to see it. This game and I have a more intimate connection than the one I share with my fiance. I have written more words on Deadly Premonition than the total length of War and Peace (I word counted it). It takes a little while to get into. I didn't fall in love with it at first, cause the start of the game is skewed towards some of its weaker features. And you do need the dpfix.exe to stop it from crashing (it takes a minute to install). You may want to get the xbox or PS3 version instead.... but, my friends, it must be confessed, Deadly Premonition is simply the best."
76561197992312215,Not Recommended,247660,29628256,Posted: 1 February,all,:::.TëaM_.:::Sandro,"It seams a good game, but when it "" not responding""  after when it's loading screen, then it's no fun playing it.And also when tried everything for it to work propoly, and it's still not working, then it's a dead case."
76561197993716344,Recommended,247660,18916278,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,drgg,"This game is truly one-of-a-kind and one of the few games I would encourage everyone to play.I will get this out of the way first - this game is a horrible PC port. It can require a lot of messing around to even get it to run, and if you want it to run higher than 720p then you will have to install mods to achieve that. I would personally experience drops in frame-rate followed by the game crashing approximately every 2 hours on my setup but your problems may vary! (The director’s cut does have some pro's compared to the original even though it is a bad port - the controls are improved and the combat is easier - in a good way)It's a testament to the compelling nature and uniqueness of this game that I would gladly put up with such an experience.You play as FBI Agent Francis York Morgan who is called to a remote town called Greenvale to investigate a murder of a young woman - and it doesn't take long to become clear that there is something very strange indeed going on. The game has been compared a lot to the TV Show 'Twin Peaks' and it is a clear influence - for anyone unfamiliar with the show, it combines mystery with quirky characters and absurd happenings and this game is no different.It is full of weird, cliché (in comedic fashion) and intriguing people - everyone has their own odd quips and interactions that make the game interesting and fun. It can be confusing at first as you try to decide if the game you are playing and the dialogue you are hearing is serious or not - but soon you will lose yourself in the combination of mystery and absurdity and want to experience all that Greenvale has to offer.The game is all about the experience and storyline - you will drive around town and engage in combat throughout much of the game - neither of them are anything special. They are both very archaic and along with the graphics are not what you would expect in a relatively modern game. For my experience though I never had any particularproblemwith either of them, they are just not what make the game enjoyable. However, although the driving itself isn't great, there is something very pleasureable about travelling around the town and engaging in your day to day tasks like going to lunch with your police colleagues or going to a bar in the evenings to play darts and talk with the townsfolk.It is the mad characters, the crazy music, the twists, the absurd and even genuinely touching moments that shine in this game and keep you coming back. I have never really ever experienced a game quite like it and (although I would love one) I will perhaps not play another like it again.A very unique game - one with plenty of flaws but also so much to love. I would recommend all people with an interest in story-driven games to try it out."
,Not Recommended,247660,21472268,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Minion Max,Fire weep with meThis port is a catastrophe
,Recommended,247660,7945089,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,SKiTTLE,This game is great Zach
,Not Recommended,247660,12783518,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Lintire,"Deadly Premonition is a fantastic game that I would not recommend to anyone.Many comparisons can be made about Deadly Premonition - I myself found the combat to play like RE4, the overworld to faintly remind me of Psychonauts, the time-based mission structure to resemble Dead Rising's own (although major difference being in Deadly Premonition you can just ignore the time restraints and be none the worse) and even the mechanically-driven story setpieces to remind me of Metal Gear Solid's storytelling methods. The near Frankenstein nature of this mish-mash of tones and mechanics will undoubtedly remind you of many products too.It's not remotely a serious game, though it does have its serious moments and it benefits heavily from them. The much-touted awful combat becomes merely mediocre if you play it with a gamepad - and you should play it with one. The characters are interesting, the dialogue is brilliant, the story is exactly as mysterious as it tries to be (though in no small part due to its poorly-veiled source material) and even the art direction is consistent and visually appealing, graphical glitches and some aging NPC models aside.The point is that many people have recommended Deadly Premonition on the basis that ""it's so bad it's good"". This isn't true. Deadly Premonition is a geuininely good game that has won a cult following despite its shortcomings - I fought tooth and nail to fully complete it simply because I enjoyed it.But I wouldn't recommend that you play it, because I can't be sure you can.It took me a good 45 minutes just to get it to start without crashing. Beyond that I was fighting through runtime errors, outright crashes, even the odd Blue Screen of Death - any moment in the game that had me go longer than 20 minutes without a save point was a nerve-wracking nightmare. These aren't some faintly annoying bugs and this game is infamous for its port for a good reason. Right up until the very end my playthrough was plagued by some unseen demon.For the technologically savvy there is a unique and memorable gem here that has been sadly soiled by its monstrous technical issues. For everyone else, move on. Watch a playthrough on Youtube because it really is worth experiencing, even if second-hand."
,Not Recommended,247660,19127143,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Sneaksie(RUS),"I was interested in this game because it has many fans and was supposedly good. What I expected is a detective game with paranormal twist, like Murdered: Soul Suspect. Long story short, it is not even close and fails in almost every aspect. Usually I leae positive reviews, but this game is really poor.The gameplay is really boring, almost every part of it feels like a filler, leaving nothing interesting or captivating in the end. The game consists of several 'activities':1) Zombie shooter. It's very consolish (no wonder here), you walk around, shoot zombies in the head, collect weapons they sometimes drop and other items like coffee (any item is highlighted by bubbles visible a mile away). In certain rooms you can access your toolbox (an extra inventory, very gamey), save, sleep or change your suit (what for??? it's completely pointless).2) QTE sequences. They are brutal. You have less than a second to press a needed button, and there are several in a row. How about mash A and D - Q - R - mouse left click - E? The only way to succed is to die several times before you learn the entire sequence beforehand.3) Roaming around the town to get some quests that should earn you better weapons or some other stuff. Thankfully its optional because this is one of the most boring things I've ever saw in a game - bland town, bland streets, bland graphics. It's like a very poor attempt of a GTA clone. Another filler to extend the gameplay time IMHO. A side quest I completed consisted of finding a sports equipment lost in a police station for a police boss... fascinating!!! :)4) Watch long cutscenes with conversations. They are really weird. All characters lines, models and animations are so bland I couldn't believe it. You get a cop which is like a dumbest cops from all police movies combined. You get a police chick obviously interested in protagonist. You get a farmer which is ye olde standard farmer, salt of the earth. There are two kawai small boys who are like angels. And there is a main protagonist - yep, he is FBI agent with paranormal abilities! This is so new, wow, how could they invented that???! The entire game is like they took a standard B movie characters from 100 poorest movies of all time and made them even simpler than they were. It's hard to explain, but the entire story and characters feels like a caricature.So a typical story mission consists of speaking with your police buddies (with long pauses and poor animations), driving a car for 10 minutes through incredibly bland looking landscape, watching another conversation where you act like a cop from B movie (or maybe Z movie?) and your buddies act like actors from 4th grade school theatre, then going in alone (of course), navigating a dozen rooms shooting zombies and collecting pointless stuff, then facing a boss and dying multiple times in a row before you learn that QTE sequence (good dog!). After that, if you are lucky and the game didn't crash (happens with a fix as well sometimes) you watch another conversation and the day thankfully ends.Incredibly bad and unfitting music adds the fun.This is it. If there is a brilliant story, it is hidden too well under all this filler. I would think I don't like this game because I don't like Japanese games overall (they are too weird for me), but I enjoyed Murdered: Soul Suspect which is also a console Japanese game. This one is simply a poor game with no detective gameplay. Heck, there is hardly any gameplay at all."
,Recommended,247660,16464818,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Shadowboxer,"ITS A REALLY GOOD JELLY SANDWICH.REALLY GOOD.20 times better then Twin Peaksbetter storybetter graphics toobetter sandwichbetter killerbetter deadbodiesbetter drivingbetter potbetter good looking chicksbetter good looking tun licksbetter dogsbetter best friendsbetter police peoplebetter humorbetter long kitchen tablebetter suitsbetter weaponsbetter killerbetter controlsbetter cigsbetter weird stuff coming out of nowherebetter crying scenesbetter everythingF.K/10okay, im going to bed now. Let's hope I don't have spookyjellydreams about red sunflower seeds."
,Recommended,247660,20318078,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,AutoMard,"""Mr. Francis York Morgan, you are the protagonist of the generation. So says Mr. Stewart""To summarize Deadly Premonition, the graphics suck balls. The driving sucks balls. The combat sucks balls. The animations suck balls. In fact the entire control scheme sucks monkey balls. But underneath all this ball sucking lies an absolute gem of a game.The plot is great and the script is actually extremely well-written. I dare say these two factors were probably the only driving force behind my decision to see this game to the end. A higher budget and better production values might've done wonders with the game.This game is one huge package of silliness. A lot of the time it will make you laugh but mostly you will be laughing at the game itself. Deadly Premonition is a game where you see your fortune in the morning cup of coffee. And there's an hour-long level where you're running after a dog. Did I mention that dog had its own rap theme song?And just when you think this game couldn't get any stranger, the final two chapters take ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ness to a whole new level. Lovely!Deadly Premonition is not a game you recommend to anybody. But it most definitely is a game that should be played at least once."
,Recommended,247660,19392872,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Starchy,"A very flawed masterpiece. Frequent crashing and inability to play full-screen almost put me off playing through but I'm glad I did. It takes a while to get going but this is a brilliant game worthy of your time, with memorable characters, great music and a storyline straight out of Twin Peaks."
,Recommended,247660,26608225,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Gondile,"Let's just get something out of the way here: this port is one of the worst ports I have ever had the displeasure of experiencing. Even after following a lengthy list of instructions and applying the DPFIx, DP: Directors' Cut features a butchered, shoddy port that is prone to frequent crashing, weird speed ups and slow downs, bizarre physics mishaps, corrupted saves, and a really, really weird issue where playing for more than two hours in one sitting can result in some... interesting... consequences for the engine.And even if the game wasn't completely broken, it still suffers from a myriad of problems. The combat is abysmal. Not only does it feel tacked on, it literally is tacked on, as confirmed by Swery65, who explained that his publisher forced the decision in an effort to garner more sales. The combat is tedious, featuring only two distinct enemies: ones that die quickly with no effort and ones that take up five minutes of your time in pure tedium ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. If the combat is supposed to provoke a challenge, it is easily negated by how easily you can cheese the gameplay by acquiring infinite ammo and durability weapons early in the game, but not even instakill weapons can save you from a never ending supply of quicktime events.Disregarding the gameplay, the graphics are incredibly poor. I'm not one to turn my nose at dated graphics, as some of my favorite games are before Steam was even a thing, yet Deadly Premonition released in 2010, the same year as Red Dead Redemption, Halo Reach, and Mass Effect 2. Going up against these games graphically is a bit ridiculous when the game looks like it came out in... 2006, but whatever.At this point, you may be wondering why there's a postive thumbs up next to my review, since I've done nothing but trash Deadly Premonition. Well, the truth is that this game is the best worst game I've ever played. Like I've pointed out, there's just so much wrong with DP: DC, and yet, it's an incredible experience. All of the characters are well written and lovable, and all form a cohesive, believable community and setting. Dialogue is as bizarre as it is hilarious, and trust me, there is plenty of writing to enjoy. Weird quirks dominate the scene, such as having every single character follow a routine and schedule based on a variety of factors, and allowing sidequests only when the time is right, and pulling those sidequests away from you if you're too slow to grab them. Additionally, Deadly Premonition has care in weird areas that I've not seen in other games before, like letting you use your turn signal in a vehicle, or having your character be able to grow a beard and shave it regularly, or most unique of all, having your character sleep under the ♥♥♥♥ing blankets.Name me one game that lets you sleep under the covers besides Deadly Premonition.... *Ahem*All in all, Deadly Premonition is a bizarre, flawed, hilarious, witty, diamond in the rough. It has a ton of bad, but if you're willing to put up with the bad and push through, you'll discover a truly unique experience that no other game will ever deliver quite the same."
76561198009662144,Recommended,247660,32885261,Posted: 27 June,all,InsanePinkyNARF,"""So bad it's good"" in game form. Very much reminds of ""The Room"" or ""The Happening"" in that the plot, characters, writing and everything are absolutely terrible, but you are riveted anyway. It's like you have to keep playing just to see what could happen next. Definitely recommend picking this up for the price of a dollar menu meal during the steam sale. It's kept me entertained for a while and I will totally finish it to the end.Controls are incredibly dated and the graphics are a bizarre mix of passable and ugly at the same time. You get used to it though. Feels like a very barebones remaster of an early ps2 game."
,Recommended,247660,33025604,Posted: 29 June,all,Ben,"I was a tad worried about game breaking bugs but so far an hour in with DP Fix on windows 98 compatibility and a first time game restart seem to be working pretty smooth.There is this horrible car screeching noise when you drive though, not sure if that's fixable.Will update this review as I go along."
,Recommended,247660,20357126,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Blixa Bargeld's risotto,"Okay here's the deal with this game.You really have to work through A LOT to get to the really good stuff. The game looks and runs like hot garbage. Framerate is atrocious, freezes and drops are frequent and completely random. Like, I had to play the game on two separate machines in order to get to the end. Driving is the worst you've ever seen, shooting is clunky and shooting sections are tedious. This game is a technical turd.BUT, there is a good reason why Deadly Premonition is a cult hit.The cast of characters, story, atmosphere, and the central mystery will make you chew through the issues if you're into Twin Peaks, can handle Lynchian, as well as general japanese weirdness, and non-linear storytelling. It's almost like this game has no right to be any good, but it has so much soul, and leaves you with such heartfelt goodbye, that you won't be able to anything but recommend it. Plus, it deals with some really heavy themes like child abuse,♥♥♥♥♥♥ transsexualism, and it can get very rough and creative when it comes to violence, down to straight up shocking. It goes beyond what most games try.The great moments in this game shine so brightly, that you'll wave off the jank."
,Recommended,247660,22348065,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,SpookieSkeleton,"This game is so goddamn broken, but once you get past it, corny and fun!"
,Recommended,247660,34795952,Posted: 7 September,all,MAriskaDeville,"https://youtu.be/l78s7bK9dpoAs you can see from my playtime, I certainly do like this game. However fair warning - this game has problems. BIG problems of a technical nature. It is prone to crashing, glitchhing and general prefromance issues.For some the fixes for these issues work, for others they don't. Some people can play without problem, others get hit with crash after crash. It's totally random as to what experience you will have.And yes it is also true the combat is pretty average, and sometimes even dull. And yes there are some awful quicktime events thanks to its console heritage. Oh and the graphics were considered ugly even when it was released. Also the driving is bad, and gunplay bugged (use alt tab to get your crosshair working).So why do I like it?Well apart from the obvious 'Twin peaks' homage, the game tries to do a lot, has a great story and good characters. The voice acting is top notch and the atmosphere is excellent. The map is large and nice to explore and the games pacing is great, with plenty of little side missions to achieve outside of the main story.If you can live with the possible technical frustrations this is one of the best story driven games available IMHO.  Becuase of those issues I do recommend that you may want to wait for a sale unless your a major twin peaks fan."
76561198077867324,Not Recommended,247660,17546107,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,][P][,"I'm a big fan of the Twin Peaks TV show/movie which was obviously a major influence in the development of Deadly Premonition. This is one reason I really want to recommend this game, but I can't. It's simply too buggy to play. The game crashes constantly.  At ~14 hours gameplay, the game crashed (which happened frequently) but this time my save file was corrupted. So now I can start over from the beginning, or uninstall. Uninstall it is.Maybe one day I will try it again & keep a backup of my save file,maybe..."
,Recommended,247660,26499346,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Pennycook,"WARNING: This game is buggy as hell, and requires a lot of patience and/or workarounds to play.Deadly Premonition-- which may as well be calledTwin Peaks: The Game-- is a great game idea poorly executed and even more poorly ported to the PC from consoles.  Game-breaking bugs (such as disappearing keys) and random crashes (only avoided by playing problematic sections in Windows 98 compatibility mode) will bite you if you're not expecting them, so consulting a guide or walkthrough ahead of each section is practically compulsory.So... why am I recommending it?  Despite its faults,Deadly Premonitionis so delightfully weird that I can'tnotrecommend it.  The story is fantastic, the characters are memorable, the murdery mystery is compelling, and the comic relief is hilariously bizarre.Pick it up on sale (it's often about $2.50) and you'll definitely get your money's worth."
76561198102174535,Recommended,247660,35243685,Posted: 27 September,all,Maniafig,"Unstable, buggy and bizarre. But still a damn good game.It's easily worse than the XBOX 360 original, but despite all that Deadly Premonition still has the best protagonist out of any video game with a ridiculous narrative and supporting cast to round the game out.Ten out of ten cans of pickles recommend this game."
,Recommended,247660,16508841,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Natsume,Nice shot. Amazing. Bullseye. Nice sho- Nice shot. Amazing.
,Recommended,247660,20020326,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Mystic Stylez,"York is the greatest video game protagonist of all time and Deadly Premonition's story, characters, humor, atmosphere, soundtrack and sheer personality are way above what you will find in most critically acclaimed titles. It's not without its flaws, like a subpar combat system and bad graphics (even for the time), but it's totally unique and isn't afraid to experiment, something sorely lacking in other games.If you own a Xbox 360, play the regular version there instead of this one. The little improvements of the Director's Cut aren't worth it, since this port suffers from common crashing issues and some bugs.However, a bad port is still better than not playing Deadly Premonition, so if this is your only option of experiencing the game, go for it. Just be aware of the following:- Checkthe PC Gaming Wikiand its tutorial on installing DP Fix, SweetFX, better textures and solutions for crashing;- Always run the game directly through DP.exe instead of Steam or other methods;- In order to get an item that will make navigating through the game much easier and more pleasant, do Side Missions No. 004 & 005 (George's sidequests) as soon as possible;- Do not read the description of the Trading Cards before finishing the game, since some of them contain spoilers.F... K... In the coffee! It never fails."
76561198043168588,Recommended,247660,21440212,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,neonwhite900,"A clut classic in every sense of the word. Clunky, messy and confusing from a gameplay standpoint but utterly captivating both terms of it's narrative and it's outlandish presentation. With endless moments that make you you cringe, smile and gasp. And sometimes all at once. It's not for everyone but it proves that one man's bargain bin trash is another man's game of the year."
76561198287797733,Recommended,247660,33145943,Posted: 2 July,all,luckandlovery,If twin peaks was a game this is that game
,Recommended,247660,7868950,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Adachibaby,"It's such a good game, unfortunatley a lazy effort on the developers part. At launch there was no controller support, however that has now been patched, but the game itself can still be borderline unplayable unless patched with DPfix (the same person who fixed the Dark Souls port). Even with that patch however the game still suffers from a range of glitches, bugs, crashes and audio/visual problems, still it's hard to not recommend this game. After all it's problems have been sorted out, this is easily one of the best games on Steam, with a good sense of humor and some nice references to certain things in pop culture (such as Twin Peaks), you might want to hold of purchasing it until ALL of the problems have been fixed."
,Recommended,247660,8086812,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Crunk Drankula [POE],"Don't bother making any more games, this is the best thing mankind has everdone."
,Recommended,247660,8223042,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Lttaxman,I don't really know words of how to describe how fricking werid this game is. It feels like a game that was locked in a time capsule that was only unearthed three years ago(2010) if you like twin peaks or games that are just bizarre then this could be your cup of coffee
,Recommended,247660,23286734,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Capt. Save-A-Ho [C],"I love this game to death. (100+ Hours XBOX360) I'll be honest, this game is not for everyone. Should you choose to buy this game, one of these things will happen to you.1. You'll immediately fall in love with the game, and the mood SWERY sets.2. You will hate it, uninstall it, and DP will be one of those games in ur list that has only 30 minutes of total playtime and last played in years.3. You slowly force yourself to play the game because it's ""CULT"" and you inadvertently fall in love with it and become a fangirl/fanboy.If you love this game, i recommend checking out SWERY's next game""D4: Dark Dreams Don't Die""10/10IN SWERY WE TRUST."
,Recommended,247660,10397804,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,♥Katamoni かたもに♥,"Deadly PremonitionWhat can I say?The graphics are awful, the voice acting is bad, the controls are clunky, and the gameplay is iffy. There's really no real reason to buy this game from a technical standpoint.But that's the beauty of it.Ignore everything I just said. Ignore all of it.Buy this game.These guys deserve all of the awards for this game. Because even though it's a terrible, TERRIBLE game, it's a masterpiece.Don't miss out on this game. Trust me, it's a once in a lifetime experience that you will NEVER forget. The story is worth it.Do it."
,Recommended,247660,9176361,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,banksby,"Watching True Detective reminded me of this game. Which is good I guess, considering the show is pretty awesome. And from what I played thus far, so is the game. But I have yet to finish it, because the game just keeps on crashing. It is truly a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port, so if you are not in the mood to try out different fixes and work-around ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t I don't recommend this game at all. Although if you can tolerate its quirkiness and don't mind the frequent crashes (thankfully it auto-saves often enough) it can be a really great game. I definitely plan on continuing it once it gets magically fixed by the video game fairies. Deadly Premonition is unlike anything out there. It's a wild ride. A wild ride indeed, Marty."
,Not Recommended,247660,23606130,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,GetALifeFoundation,Thiss need a fix. I just wanna play this game :/
,Recommended,247660,29451681,Posted: 23 January,all,Yum,"Really good game.A lot of the negative reviews it gets are about the PC port being buggy - I hate to be that ""works on my machine"" guy but I didn't encounter any game-breaking bugs, there were a few glitches but honestly I found them pretty funny (like people floating outside their cars), and they didn't impede my progress at all. Admittedly it did crash once (and kept doing so at that point), but for some reason putting it in windowed mode fixed it (and I switched back after).That aside, the actual game is great. Great music, setting, story and characters. Gameplay is a bit wonky but you get used to it. There's also a lot of side missions to let you know more about the side characters and the town, and lots of cool (and useful) things you can find/buy. The only gripes I have are that some sections could drag on for a bit too long, and were quite tedious, like following someone who's driving painstakingly slowly for ages. Also the driving controls are terrible, let's not dance around that. Early cars barely turn at all, and later cars go way too fast and turn too sharply, making them flip over and spin wildly out of control. Lastly, there are extended QTE sequences that are also pretty tedious, and you usually die immediately if you mess up, having to go back and start the entire sequence again.However, even with all that, this game is one of the few these days that made me actually want to come back and keep playing, and see the story through to the end. The characters felt realistic and had depth instead of being generic flat characters like in most other games.I don't even know what genre this game would be. It isn't really a horror game, and it's not really a murder mystery either, it sort of combines elements from lots of different genres, and has a wacky humorous theme mixed in with darker elements. It's sort of like a weirder Japanese version of Twin Peaks.tl;dr I had a lot of fun playing this. It was a great game from start to finish, even with some iffy patches along the way. Contrary to what most of the negative reviews say, it's not ""unplayable"". It runs pretty well on my mid-tier PC, and has setting adjustment options.Just try it out if it looks like something you'd enjoy, and don't worry about all the horror stories about the PC port. They're mainly gross exaggeration."
76561198043999933,Not Recommended,247660,16775123,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Chocolate Loli·pop,"Hit play, game crashes. ♥♥♥♥ me!"
76561198140671443,Recommended,247660,18809410,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,ƸӜƷ✧❁Jew❁✧ƸӜƷ,I finished the game but the final cutscenes were so unwatchable due to the fact they were each seperate pieces which took more than an hour to load. I had to just close the game and watch the ending on youtube. Wont bother with all the extra stuff because it's such a pain going through any loading screen. I am aware this is the main complaint for the PC version of this game but I didn't expect it to be as troublesome as it was...Yolo
,Recommended,247660,11620406,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,AboutFourtyBees,Best game all year every year.
,Not Recommended,247660,11676597,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,DarkSaber2k,"Still can't recommend the PC version of Deadly Premonition. Even WITH Durantes fix it still crashes pretty much on the hour every time. Did I mention this games uses save points as the save method too? So save points + consistent crashing = Good luck making any damn progress.That aside the parts I've played were interesting, but controls are clunky and graphics are PS2-era at best."
,Recommended,247660,8237002,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,markus josefsson,"Twin peaks simulator 2013If you want to bash Deadly Premonition, just go ahead. There's plenty of stuff here to strike down on. Poor graphics, the ocasionally terrible gamedesign, wonky animations, weird soundmixing, awkward gameplay, the map, bugs and the list goes on. But you would miss out on a truly unique and great experience.DP is the best FBI-sim/Twin peaks ripoff that money can buy.The story is the games strongest point, a weird journey that's totally unpredictable and fascinating. The games protagonist is Francis york morgan, a schizophrenic fbi-agent sent to investigate a murder in the small town of Greenvale. He is by far one of the coolest characters i've ever played, and the story and game largely rests on his twisted persona. The relationship with his other personality, Zach, is interesting and in the end truly touching.One of my favourite things about the game is the contrast between the wierdness, surreal parts and the ordinary mundane small town life. You can just cruise around, doing sidemissions and talking to the people of greenvale. also you can eat lunch, every game should give you the option of having lunch with some of the games characters.The day/night cycle is pretty slow, so you have plenty of time to hang around.The dpfix mod fixes some of the worst graphics and will enhance the experience alot. With that installed, just enjoy this game. It's sometimes terrible, other times beautiful, but always worth your while. For fans of Twin peaks and X-files, this is essential.Don't you agree Zach?"
,Recommended,247660,8163100,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,west_r,Looks like blend of Twin Peaks and Silent Hill. Worth trying.
,Recommended,247660,18805577,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,saikokitten,"Despite having no right to be, this is one of my favourite games. It's utterly bizarre but I love it to bits. Please play it. It's a weird gem with some utterly horrible gameplay but it is somehow special."
,Recommended,247660,8494951,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,goet,a real gem if you can get past the horrible port
,Not Recommended,247660,17573230,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Baphomet,"Ok I'm done. I'm done trying to get this to work. For as ambitious of a game as Deadly Premonition is, this port completely ruins whatever might have been a good game. I spent almost 30 hours of my life dealing with crashes, glitches, and other glaring issues and even removing all of that from the picture the game still has its problems which makes it completely unforgivable.If you have any interest in playing this game whatsoever I would recommend you try and find a way to play it on the original platform(s) (360/PS3) as the port is just awful. Even after applying the fan-recommended patches the game has a dice roll for every area you load as to whether it will crash the game. Loading times can vary from 15 seconds to 2 minutes depending on factors you cannot control. Without the graphics patch the entire experience is blurry and ungratifying.Even after patching the game and overlooking most of the porting issues. DP has fundamental problems with the aiming system which is very camera-dependent and glitchy at best. Vehicular controls are equally shoddy and the mapping system is more of a hinderance than it is a boon. The profiling sections serve more to cram ridiculously obvious information in your face than to reveal anything new and the chapter review quizzes are basically an insult to the viewer's intelligence (""HEY DO YOU REMEMBER THAT THING THAT HAPPENED 5 MINUTES AGO? HERE'S A QUIZ!!""). I really, _really_, tried to make this game work because it came off as highly recommended but the truth is it's just a mediocre silent hill clone with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ RE4 controls and a lamentable open-world system.I'm going to spend the rest of my ""time"" on this game watching a longplay just to see how the story ends. I recommend you do the same."
,Recommended,247660,31716089,Posted: 12 May,all,RAIZO,"This is the most important game nobody played. It's true, virtually nobody played it...and it's also important.Nobody played it because it has little more than cult status in the world of gaming and in keeping with the tradition of Japanese game development from the mid to late 90s and early 2000s (it actually looks like a game from that time period), it has interesting gameplay mechanics, a bizarre storyline and quirky character presentation, so it's easy to see why SWERY's game ranks right up there with the likes of Suda51 games, such as Lollipop Chainsaw and Shadows of the Damned (please Steam, add these games to your store) or lesser known games like Mr. Mosquito, Incredible Crisis, the Siren series (arguably much more popular but still a series largely forgotten or that nobody really cared about), the Choaniki series, etc.It's important because of the aforementioned cult status and Japanese quirkiness - they simply don't make games like this anymore, or at least nowhere near as often as they used to. It's also important because it pays homage to Twin Peaks and because it was actually awarded a Guinness record for most polarizing game, meaning that gamer reviews, and especially critical reviews, held it in either very high esteem, praising it for what it was, or utterly trashing it for what it wasn't (a good game) - there was absolutely no gray area by which to even things out.I believe this was a budget game at the time of its release back on Xbox 360 and then again on PS3 with the exclusive director's cut (so it was $20 or thereabouts) and it's regularly the same price on Steam, except when it goes on sale for 90% off (which frequently happens). If you can look past its many bugs/flaws and very much dated graphical appearance, you're in for an interesting gaming experience that you won't soon forget."
,Not Recommended,247660,24045336,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,tra$$$$$$h,"""It can't be that bad!"" I thought. ""I'll try it anyway!"" I thought. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME ON PC! It is a nightmare of technical issues. Experiencing the game this way should be considered an absolute last resort. You can get it in Xbox 360 or PS3 without the crashing or hours of bugfixes that will render the PC version borderline playable.Third party graphical enhancements SHOULD have made this the definitive edition of the game, but it is far too unstable to be worth any money at all."
,Not Recommended,247660,8926328,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,clckwrkrng,"I've heard a lot about this game. This is probably the most overhyped game I've ever played. I've read tons of reviews on different sites and in Steam and almost everyone claims DP to be an uncut diamond, an underestimated masterpiece, a unique experience and so on. After playing it for almost 25 hours and coming up to the end I felt kinda... frustrated.I must say that I really enjoyed its atmosphere and the first half of the story. I had no problems with graphics, poor animations, sound, controls etc. Everything was absolutely fine for me. I don't understand people who say it is a bad port, cuz it looks and is being played MUCH BETTER than on PS3. I don't understand the ones who play it with gamepad either cuz aiming with mouse is 100 times better. Everything was great for the first half of the game, but then...First of all, the game pretends to be open world. With side-quests from different civilians. Bla-bla-bla. All these ""quests"" are like ""find an old lady's picture in HER ROOM"" (probably she became absolutely blind in her years, I don't know), ""find dead daughter's dress (in her room ofc)"", ""find sheriff's dumbbell"", ""find sheriff's assistant's keys"" and so on. You got my point, right? Of course, there were some interesting quests like searching for dead man's bones and a map with secret passage BUT SUDDENLY......the game stops to be openworld! For nearly ~4 or 5 last hours it becomes a straight 3rd person corridor shooter. And developers don't even warn us about this like ""guys, soon you will be unable to complete your quests and other stuff"" and just push you through till the end. Seriously, ♥♥♥♥ quests I didn't finish! ♥♥♥♥ exploring! Surprise, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!Another thing, last, but not least.ATTENTION! SPOILER ALERT! Don't read this if you still decided to buy and play this game!Imagine that you are playing first Silent Hill, you enjoy every second of it and in the end of the game Alessa turns out to be a giant Godzilla with rocket launchers and a big pink ponytail. This is what I felt during the bossfights with George and Kaysen. I understand, that this is a Japanese game, it is supposed to be odd and weird, but Swery, seriously, is it some kind of trolling or were you just high? What the ♥♥♥♥, man?Thank you for reading this if u did. I am not going to persuade you not to buy this game, I am just sharing my own opinion. For me this game is one of the biggest disappointments ever compared to other games I've played. It started so good and ended like absolute delirium."
76561197970940264,Recommended,247660,12385394,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Ulmeck,"In the game, Deadly Premonition, the main character is recommended a sandwich consisting of turkey, strawberry jam and cereal stuffed between two pieces of bread. A few moments later, he declares it's the best. sandwich. ever.That describes DP. It's a janky, open world game with poor controls, PS2-era graphics, the worst driving in any any game, and shooting controls that make you want to cry. The voice acting is painful (except York, the main character; I love that guy), and the character animation is so bad, I was shocked that they actually used motion capture for it.  It's plot is a convoluted mess, liberally rips off Alan Wake, Twin Peaks, Resident Evil, Silent Hill, and with a touch of Cthulu mythos.... and yet....And yet it's been one of my favorite gaming experience of the year. It's a game so bad that it flips back to good, to bad again, and edges back to good again.  All the pieces are so bad, yet the whole was so satisfying in a crazy sort of way.Now excuse me, I'm going to try that turkey sandwich. Maybe it will surprise me too."
,Recommended,247660,15599655,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,HelterSkelter937,its wrong in every right way!
,Recommended,247660,8042284,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Nox_Corvellus,PLAY THIS GAME FOR THE BEST EXPERIANCE EVER
,Not Recommended,247660,31804940,Posted: 17 May,all,MC Gandalfo,"The game itself is great, but it´s buggy to the point of being barely unplayable. Caveat emptor."
,Recommended,247660,12519345,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Pip Boy Roy,Twin peaks was a weird show huh Diane?Final score 8/10
,Recommended,247660,16006324,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Furudo,"Well, it sure kept me up to date on my movie trivia."
,Recommended,247660,24761212,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Garrad,"Twin Peaks teeters on the very edge of exquisite absurdity. Its genius is that it plays both on the level of subtly ludicrous melodrama and on the level of a baffling whodunit, as most lines of dialogue appear to contain a hidden meaning, most faces a dark secret."
,Recommended,247660,13906317,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Theyrvalls,"In Deadly Premonition, you play as Detective Morgan trying to solve a supernatural murder case. Enough said.The overwhelming rest of the game is like this: What happens if ""LOL"", ""ROFL"" and ""OMG"" merge? Deadly Premonition. Ok, ""OMG"" can bring his older brother ""ZOMG"", too. Outcome's Deadly Premonition: Director's Cut.Incredible hilarious. Must play."
76561197972279796,Recommended,247660,13910330,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Hammond,"Played a few hours on it. Fantasic atmosphere, comedy, character and it seems to have a lot of depth. Really fun.PLaying it on windows 7 x64, it does have a bug but theres plenty of explainations how to fix it and its just 1 simple fix. No fps problems or glitches, plays well."
,Recommended,247660,12670886,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,ReflKnight,"Go to where Steam is installed -> SteamApps -> common -> Deadly Premonition The Director's Cut -> redist. Scroll all the way down until you find ""PhysX_SystemSoftware"" right click it -> Repair wait a few second and *BOOM* the game should lunch!______Putting that a side, I'm more than 9 hours into the game and had 0 crashes. The only crash that I ever got was when I installed the game and tried to lunch it. Read a guide that told me to do what I wrote above and.. that's it.Now, I got this when it was on sale and my gosh the game is a mess! But not that bad kind of a mess! It's amazing! It's impossible to explain, but I'll try my best... Take a bowl, put open world into it, then a bloody and a very horrible crime, elements of some comedy, a mix of good/bad controls, a mix of good/bad graphics, a mix of good/bad soundtrack, a mix of good/bad voice acting, cars that slide on turns, the best coffee with milk. Take all that, mix it up really good. Cook it for at least 20 hours and serve it to an FBI agent!!Everything I wrote above made little to no sense? Well that just what it is! If you can handle a literally bloody story, then you should try it. Otherwise.. I don't think you'll like it. You have to risk it to get the biscuit.  At least that's what I saw in my coffee.."
,Recommended,247660,18085471,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,DuDeMaN,"Twin Peaks - The video game, if your a fan of the 1989-1992 TV series Twin Peaks, u will LOVE THIS GAMEthe story, the characters, the fact that u can wait around town and catch unsuspecting citizens doing strange things, also therte is no other open world survival horror games like this, it truely is one of a kind...NOW, the problem.... getting this thing to run, the devs really left the work to us, u MUST download a mod to get the game up to 1080p, but once u get this game running smooth, it really is the best way to experience the game, the 360 and ps3 versions each have their strengths and faults, but neither are a good experience, finally being able to ewnjoy this game at 1080p 60fps, and it is really a one-of-a-kind experiencePC:specs: mayber this will help anyone with a similar rigIntel i7 3770K (overclocked to 4.5ghz) 16 gb RAMGPU : R9 280x (overclocked to 1100mhz) [also known as Radeon HD 7900 series]SSD: Samsung 500gb EVOOperating system : Windows 8.1Game options: DPfix (1080P run in a window)compatability options : DEFAULT!!!!the game will not run through the launcher, however the launcher itself runs to change input/controller settings.run the game by clicking the dp.exe directlyEVERY system is different to get this game to run perfectly, but i hope this helps."
,Recommended,247660,27287503,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TeriyakiSauce,"The best terrible game ever. Truly great if you can get past graphics, and voice acting, and mechanics."
,Recommended,247660,7699827,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,Dante,"Al principio este juego hechan mucho para atras los graficos y la jugabilidad, pero despues descubres que es la mejor historia de todos los videojuegos de esta generacion :)"
76561198085962443,Recommended,247660,21032268,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,matthewjknight,"if you are a fan of david lynch's work, or if you are a fan of D4: Dark Dreams Don't Die, or like old movies, all that wrapped up into a quirky story filled with good gameplay (in my opinion) and a wise cast of colourful charecters, all with the charm of japanese animation.10/10cult classic"
,Recommended,247660,7705691,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,Gapporin,"You know which game I really miss playing? Phantasy Star. 1987, designed by Rieko Kodama. It was a RPG set in space where the hero is actually a heroine! I always thought that was pretty cool. The Master System was always an underrated console, don't you agree, Zach? Maybe when this case is over, we'll fire up an emulator and see if it's as good as I remember it."
,Recommended,247660,14822034,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Aech,"One of the greatest games I've ever played.The story is one of the best I've seen in a video game, the characters are all interesting and fun to interact with. There's tons of sidequest and stuff to explore.The puzzles are also hard as ♥♥♥♥, my fav one is when the game kept crashing and I had to run it in windows 95 compatible mode to get it to work.This is a must have for fans of surealistic horror games like Silent hill or clock tower.Highly recomend that you get it for Xbox as the port is horrible, though entertaining."
,Recommended,247660,23486386,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,withering bites,"it hurts me to see a masterwork of budget sitting at a 'mixed' review amount on steam.people don't understand the Real Deal™ when they see it.smh!!!! this is like a veritable fountain of lessons on game design. it works great as a 'what not to do' as far as engine development and bug testing and gameplay design, but its got so much heart and passion that it puts games of big budgets to shame when it comes to being a fun experience.infinitely better survival horror experience to any recent game by the dumb baby nerds at Capcom or Konami, even tho this game shamelessly apes off of their designsadmittedly though this port is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥but hell people still like dark souls and bethesda games."
,Recommended,247660,27551305,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Paz,"- Horrible port- Constant crashes- Wonky and buggy driving physics- Poor graphics- Terrible map and navigation system- The open world is almost completely empty- Some awful voice acting- Nonsensical dialogue and writing- Ridiculous characters and situations- Combat so derivative and crappy I can see them going ""Hmm, yeah, this didn't turn out so great... Let's just add a bunch of easily obtainable cheat weapons as standard otherwise no one's going to bother slogging through this.""And despite (and a bit because) all of the above the game still manages to be utterly charming in that very peculiar Japanese way, it's a bit like Twin Peaks presented in the style of House of the Dead 2, and I sunk nearly 50 hours 100%-ing the game (including many, many restarts trying to work around bugs and problems or replaying sections due to crashes.) Common sense dictates the list above should really have precluded that, but somehow the essence of the game just made me embrace it all.I don't quite know either."
76561198088635870,Recommended,247660,26833369,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SixthDutch,"""The balance of milk and butter you've achieved here... oh my..."""
,Recommended,247660,28303079,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,ΚΙΣΙΤΟ,"You like open world? You like horror games? do you... like coffee?Then this game is highly recommended for you...An open world horror game that have hunger and energy element...Weapon that breaks upon use... heck, it's like silent hill but not much of a silent...p/s: From here onwards, I would look into my coffee with much interest..."
,Not Recommended,247660,25257758,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,CHULULU,"Great game. Terrible port. It hurts having to not recommend this game, because this is one of the best games I've ever played, but this port is unacceptable. It crashes randomly and it's riddled with game breaking bugs like AI NPCs not doing what they're supposed to making certain sections unbeatable (Nick's car not moving when you have to tail him and the final boss bugging out making it impossible to beat).It's not worth it. Play it on PS3 or XBox. I paid next to nothing for this game and still wasted my money."
,Recommended,247660,19262666,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Desert,Having a good time as far as I played. Nothing quite like it.I got this on sale for $2.49 and I am not disappointed.It's reminds me of games like Silent Hill and early Resident Evil.
,Recommended,247660,19227733,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Officer Bananas,This game is great if you're okay with doing some H E A V Y modding before playing
,Recommended,247660,27255558,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Serge Goujon,"When I run the game for the first time (it was on XBOX360 back then) and saw the graphics, I was one step to ditching the best and most emotionally capturing games I've ever played! Nothing to say more. Get it and play it! But don't listen to other people, saying you have to play on hardest difficulty right from the start to get all the fun. Just don't, you'll hate the game. Finish the game on normal or easy and only then switch on Hard mode. Fun guaranteed!"
,Recommended,247660,27871768,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Budgie,it good
76561197983747040,Recommended,247660,28263172,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,JohnDaker'sArmy,"Fantastic quirky, funny, squirrely game. Played it on xbox but was not interested in getting it to run well on pc.  Still great though."
76561197962277317,Recommended,247660,28267464,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,power,"There is so much to love here, the technical performance is not one of them (crashy) but hell it's worth it just for the whackiness, it's all the things you love about Japanese games turned up to 11. Cannot recommend it enough. bit of a tip, this game seemed to work better streamed than native, lol. And I challenge anyone who plays this to not whistle the them tune at least once a month."
,Not Recommended,247660,33438550,Posted: 10 July,all,Makubeku,"people say so many things about this game and let me tell you ive liked what i played, theres one thing that makes me say, DONT buy it, the game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ the item menu glitches so you cant select your items, the animations are choppy even if the game is running at 60 fps, theres no graphics selection to make it any better than 720p and worst of all IT CRASHES ALL THE TIME, seriously, i got to a point where its impossible for me to pass, after the first autopsy report, i cant, ive basically paid for a demo, i want to love this game, but i cant"
76561198038572496,Recommended,247660,19813993,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Vaultdweller,"Such a strange game. Recommended if you like games that quickly change the tone from horrifying, to hilarious in just a few moments.Top soundtrack, easily one of the more memorable ones:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzvXBFwcyekAtmosphere is easily the strongest point in the game, but atmosphere is a bit of a dumb word to use, since it doesn't really mean anything tangible. The game does poorly in some aspects of the game, such as graphics and the incredibly stiff controls, but the result is something that's much, much more than the sum of its parts."
,Not Recommended,247660,18239847,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Lopper,"Horrible port, after I got past the crashing cutscene of the hospital in chapter one I just get crashes on every single cutscene after that, screw this mess, I was thinking of actually playing this game but ♥♥♥♥ it. Fix your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game Rising Star. I'll just keep the game open for the cards. This was barely worth the £1 I paid for it."
,Recommended,247660,26474638,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,CliffyTdj,Very good and price on super sale it kind reminds me of resident evil type games.exellent. recommended.
,Recommended,247660,26493538,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,jwh8999,"Great game, however it is quite buggy and crashes a lot. Buy on console if you can; but its still good on PC if you can be bothered with all the fixes etc."
,Recommended,247660,26514205,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,BlackribbonSword,"I don't think I've spent more time on the starting menu on any other game than this.This is not a game, this is an art."
76561198046405800,Not Recommended,247660,16898326,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,idanmz,"The bottom line - not recommended.The game mechanics is not intuitive, the combination of mouse\keyobard is not working well here.The options menu - its hard to get arround in it, It took me over half a minute to figure out how to close it.It seems the game has some performance issues, I ran the Witcher 3 and other more demanding titles on the same machine with ease, but here it seems clunkyAbout 30+ minutes into the game made me really disapointed, especially after seeing all the other good reviews,"
76561198017403529,Recommended,247660,23173657,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,President Trump,"55 hours and I finally finished this game.Bugged, cheesy, crappy animation, lots of stupid ♥♥♥♥ing crashes all the time (thanks for the awesome port).  You'll have to save your progress. Don't you ever forget! Because crash will catch you off-guard. Fan made fix for this game is almost required! Music is out of place almost all the time, it can switch from drama to comedy at any second.But! Story was great. It always finds the way to surprise you, lots of symbolism will guide through this journey. It feels deep, rich and dark. Like a good cup of black morning coffee.This case was not easy to solve. Right, Zach?8/10"
,Recommended,247660,18125317,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Raaawr,"For all its flaws, most of them coming from its engine, Deadly Premonition does a lot of things right. There is an extreme care for details (at the expense of others) that makes for an unique experience.An impressive amount of work has been put into each of the characters. They have their routines, and what they have to tell you will change based on where and when you encounter them. Additionally, each of the game's side quests is an occasion to know more about those who live in Greenvale.As a result, the world feels alive and inhabited, more than the vast majority of the open worlds I played, and I played a lot of them."
76561198066265564,Recommended,247660,20048522,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Wonkel Brännerved,verri nice
,Recommended,247660,20210867,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Kahr,"Yeah, this game has its share of problems. The PC port of the game is terrible, and I am glad I got to experience it on a console. It was only recently I decided to revisit the game on PC, and the amount of times it just crashes for no reason at all is just silly.If you are a person that require decent graphics (you know, the visuals), then this game is not for you. In fact, the graphics are so poor for its time in this game that it looks more like it was released during the PS2 era, when it was in fact released during the PS3 era (I am using the PlayStation as a reference because it was on a PS3 I played this game the first time). They aren't particularly good, but if you can overlook this, then you're in for the next challenge.The controls. Geezus. Who sat down with the driving part of this game and thought ""Yeah, yeah this is perfectly acceptable.""? Regardless of what platform you are playing this game on, the driving itself is way to challenging for its own good. Sure, it makes you laugh a bit the first time your car is suddenly on two wheels and spinning out of the road and into a ditch, or a house, or another car. But the fifth? Tenth? Twentyeth? Not so funny anymore.And the combat. Ugh. It can't require that much more polishing to actually get the combat controls improved, can it? Because the most challenging part about combat are the controls, rather than the enemies. And that's not the reason you want your game to be a challenge.But, this aside, I still enjoy this game, and I still recommend this game. Why? Because of the story and the atmosphere. It is so rare to see a game where each and every character you meet feels well thought out and unique. Where the story of the game may not be super original, yet still manages to suck you in and surprise you with its many plot twists. It was my second playthrough recently (though it had been a few years), and I was still surprised by a few of the plot twists. And that's something special. This game is special. And if you like a good story, then this is something you cannot afford to miss.Edit November 2016: Just nominated this game for The “Test of Time” Award. It truly is a gem that should be experienced."
,Not Recommended,247660,22766526,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,CMDR Ren Nova,"Firstly I want to start off by saying that if you are a fan of twin peaks, this might as well be the video game. Starting off very slowly before taking your decent into the batshit crazy.Sadly this port is broken, horribly broken. From messed up saves, freezing, event's not happening meaning you can't continue the game. I have spent so long trying to finnish the pc version, mod, patch..I reccomend you get the Xbox360 version instead of wasting your money on this copy."
,Not Recommended,247660,32139023,Posted: 2 June,all,Qhuinn,"IF YOU WANT TO PLAY THIS GAME, BUY A CONSOLE VERSIONAfter having played most of this game, sometime back near 2010, I yearned to finish it. Seeing a release on steam got me really excited, so I purchased it without a second thought! Finally! I'll be able to finish this game! I'll see the ending, catch a murder, and eat some of Thomas' biscuits.But alas, this game is such a buggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ that I barely made it past the first chapter before it stopped working completely. I've uninstalled, reinstalled, verified all the files multiple times, and have even tried patches from the internet. Absolutely nothing works. I am disappointed and heartbroken over the fact that I paid money for a game that I physically cannot play, however, my only regret is that I cannot finish this game."
,Recommended,247660,18667301,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Astarte Shikiface,"I have nothing but complete adoration for this game. It gives off a hilariously off putting first impression, but when you put time into it the game gives you an incredibly enjoyable experience. My only regret is that I played it on the PS3 version with the Move controller so you can guess how well that went."
76561198072105823,Recommended,247660,18892876,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,TechGamerBoy,"This game is a confusing one. Through its many flaws, terrible vehicle controls, Bad Port, awful and stagnant level design and PS2 graphics, I really love this game. Its dark humor fantastic and sometimes hilarious soundtrack and its over the top ridiculousness make it amazingly addictive. I had no trouble in playing this for 2-3 hours straight, Except for the Driving control,it's making me crazy,just a little turn and the vehicle twist around lol but i'll get used to it. It has its moments of absolute brilliance for instance the opening sequence will astound you in how well it is put together.  The dialogue is incredibly silly but it adds to the overall experience. Imagine every silly and funny line in every video game ever and condense it down into one pot, That's what deadly premonition is. It will leave you thinking 'was this all a joke or were they serious when they made this?' If it was a joke they are geniuses, if they are serious they are geniuses. To sum up, one of the most special video-gaming experiences of the year.  I got carried away by the story of this game.Don't forget to drink a coffee to see the today fortune..."
,Recommended,247660,8405431,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,-={Sevlagoth}=-,"I came in to this game with a lot of doubts, following the comments around the web concerning poor graphics and gameplay mechanics and random crashes. I learned about it when I saw an article about Durante (The guy who fixed Dark Souls on the PC), so when I learned that he was working to fix things, I bought the game right out.After 20 + hours in game, I can say this is one of the best games I ever played. Sure it has problems, but the excellent script and crazy story, overcome those limitations.You can make it better in the graphics departement by installing DPfix and SweetFX.It finally comes down to taste. You will either love this game or hate it. I just love it. :)"
,Recommended,247660,9002523,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,R3spwnXopher,"I came to this game, as the creator did... directly after watching all of Twin Peaks. I had never seen the show, so I found it more than a little queer to play a game which cribbed so heavily from it; Not to say it doesn't build into it's own thing. It's very unimpressive for a few hours...then... I COULD NOT STOP PLAYING! Francis York Morgan is one of the most dryly hilarious characters ever in a videogame, at least some of which is intentional.The most annoying parts where driving, especially in rain, and the one hang-up when you are literally fishing for a clue in the investigation. Even though I was sitting there like an♥♥♥♥♥losing at a roulette wheel repeatedly, I had to know what happened next in this surreal, unpredictable story. It's like the game was written/acted in the 90's with 2003 graphics. It's horrible as a game and highly recommended as a cross-cultural curiosity. The fact that the protagonist talks to a voice in his head, which can double as you, the player, is insanely brilliant. I want to play a solid, polished, 90 metascore game now, but York is calling me back for a second playthrough, ""Are you there, Zach?"""
,Recommended,247660,9256295,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,PeterNewhouse,This game is almost unplayaple. Not because the story and the game sucks but because of the crashes. This is a awful PC-port of a game. I would not recommend buying this with it's current price of 25 euros. If the price was like.. 5 to 3 euros you should buy this even tought you don't have a fat chance of playing this game trough without spending most of the time fixing crashes and bugs.Still the story and Twin Peaks feels give this game my recommendation. Just don't buy this game with the absurd price of 25 euros.EDIT: After 4 hours of fixing this game installing patches etc. it's semi-playable but remember to save freaking often because it will crash even tough you have done all the steps to prevent that from happening.
,Recommended,247660,9286919,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Cocoabine,"7/10 - This game - much like our main protagonist - is split into two halves.On one side, it's a mechanical mess. Dialogue sometimes cuts off near the end of a sentence, music suddenly stopping while driving around, awful car controls, from the game randomly crashing, the impractical purchasing system which makes you buy one SINGLE item over and over instead of in bulk, its lengthy driving around town sequences (although teleportation makes this bearable later in the game), right down to some of its spoilerific achievements (seriously don't read them).But on the other hand you've got a weird and wonderful world with a host of fascinating quirky and cooky characters you'll be talking to, in order to unravel a mysterious murder that has happened in this quaint little town as FBI detective Agent Francis York Morgan, who in and of himself is a very unusual man. In this, you will uncover an intriguing storyline of who-done-it that never gets stale or boring and makes the game very compelling. There's also a host of extra things to be done in Greenvale, with its numberous side quests, fishing and racing.It is because of its story and characters that this game belongs in the upper echelons of ""Weirdest game I've ever played"", ranking up there with the likes of Gregory Horror Show.If you can get past its technical faults, its definately one to experience. ""Isn't that right, Zach?"""
,Recommended,247660,9410549,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,"XIII ""K."" Iowa IIIX","This is one of the best games I have ever played. I beat it on ps3 and bought it immeadiately again for PC cause I really love this game. Yea it's not a major triple A game, and honestly, graphics, animations, gameplay while it's not super duper amazing, its amazing in it's own way. This is the definition of a niche title, and this has a great story and a enjoyable experience overall and I highly reccomend it. Sure it may be a lazy port but there is a mod online to fix it, I like the way it is however and it controls fine without a controller so I didn't bother with it. All in all this is an amazing game, right Zach?"
,Recommended,247660,9890637,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,TomPlusGames,"This game is truly one of the strangest games you'll ever play, but that's why it's brilliant.It'll take some time to adjust to the clunky combat and annoying driving segments, but the story, the humour and the characters are all excellent.I loved this game.Not many people know about it, but don't be afraid to grab it! Highly recommended."
,Recommended,247660,11124395,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,cabrini green kun~,"Deadly Premonition is a notoriously polarising game, lauded for its similarities to David Lynch's Twin Peaks, and criticised for everything that it is on a technical level. It has a doom-laden yet sleepy atmosphere, it mixes the grotesque with the mundane to excellent effect, its characters are fascinating, its hero is a monotone FBI agent that follows his dreams and intuitions with deadpan seriousness, its musical themes expose and mock the manipulative nature of music in games/tv/movies (corporate training video jazz played in dramatic moments, dissonance when ordering a sandwich), and so on.And yet when talking about its parts, the game is terrible. The horror sections of the game are awful because you can't walk and shoot at the same time. The map is unnecessarily large. It's sort of impossible to stumble into the wide range of side-missions available. The game has to be played with the its wiki open somewhere in the background and so the experience is never totally random or immersive. Accessing items and maps is difficult. Even then the map is impossible to use. Driving is awful. The animations look like The Sims c. 2004. And so on.And so it's more than the sum of its parts, and this is why those in defense of Deadly Premonition have made the case for it as an example of 'games as art'. As a work of fiction, it's very good, and as a game, it is awful.But so it is worth comparing to other games that favour things like atmosphere and narrative over technical game-ness. To the Moon and The Walking Dead, for example. These games are adored by critics and gamers alike, but on the level of gamerliness, don't really add up to much. The Walking Dead's parts can be described as a glorified point-and-click, To the Moon as sort of the same but with even less agency on the player's part. So why is Deadly Premonition hated when those others are loved?Those other games knew what they were, and so they cut unnecessary 'game' parts out to streamline themselves as works of interactive fiction. But with Deadly Premonition, you're forced to play it. It makes the mistake of thinking that it could ever work as a conventional game.You will drive for ♥♥♥♥ing hours, memorising directions from the map only accessible from the pause menu. You will yawn as York walks through doors but first checks what's behind them and this process somehow feels like it takes hours. You will yawn as you shoot ghosts from a stationary position. You will quit the game as you take a wrong turn somewhere and your car turns around really slowly and then hits a tree. You will wonder why the map is so large as you are driving for ♥♥♥♥ing hours and memorising directions. And these are all relevant criticisms because you're forced to do all of this and all of this will happenAnd yet you will delight in York's schizophrenic monologues to his imaginary friend Zach. On tedious drives you get Patrick Bateman-esque descriptions of 80s films and film scores, both insightful and disturbingly relatable. You will want to check up on townsfolk as they're genuinely interesting. You will wince as York mentions cutting off peoples' heads, peeing in their skulls, and drinking it, over dinner. You will be seduced by the game's drowsy tone, and every now and then the shift into horror will genuinely disturb you because for an hour or so you were comfortable. You might even get scared of the Raincoat Killer, although encounters with him are Quick time events and so feel like minigames.You might not care enough to solve the mystery at hand, but as with Twin Peaks, this is beside the point. If you're happy to settle in for the experience rather than the game, Deadly Premonition is well worth your time."
,Recommended,247660,9900539,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,iluvOP,"Horey shet, this game is great.First things first though, while ""directors cut"" is slightly different from the original on the consoles, its a horrible PC port. Luckily theres a fix for most of the issues and if you disable steam overlay, you can play it, crash free prettymuch. Just dont alt+tab or do anything outside the game while playing.I absolutely love this game, its very story/character focused and both of those two are just batshit insane in a very charming way. The characters are so much fun, the story is interesting and keeps you on the edge of your seat all the way. The gameplay however is clunky, weird and feels like some really old Japanese RPG's in many ways and shares the many gripes that Jap games in general have, which would be clumsy menus, unnecessary button prompts here and there ect, but oddly enough, it didnt bother me that much. Killing baddies is kind of funny, but the general atmosphere is great and quite spooky at times too.All in all, I'd say that get this on some console if you want to play it without any issues from the start, or get this PC version and be prepared to fix its many issues. Its an amazing, crazy, weird, funny and extremely interesting.I'd r8 it an 8/8 m8, no h8."
,Recommended,247660,11054559,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,stylerwat,"This game is a ♥♥♥♥ing art masterpiece!So many feelings - it just puts you in right away with all the characters and atmosphere.Lots of laughter, drama, many wtf moments, challenging gameplay, beautiful cinematics and a decent dosage of a cry...One of a kind game, it will go down in the history as one of the most ♥♥♥♥'d up, dramatistic, humoristic and unique games of all time...A great example that you don't need perfect graphics or gameplay to make a great game, it's all about the originality and creativity, all the bugs n♥♥♥♥♥♥made this game to what it is!And yeah, animations & dialogues are ♥♥♥♥ing golden, this♥♥♥♥♥♥should be nominated for an Oscar!Zach & Francis York Morgan, Max Payne and Alan Wake - perfect combination! :D"
,Not Recommended,247660,10798394,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,sailoraurora17,"Controller and keyboard control customization is horrible.If I use the controller, then the camera keeps on spinning fast around the character...which causes me to feel dizzy and makes me want to lose my lunch. and I can't even adjust for that sort of thing to prevent that from happening.Keyboard controls also suck hardcore for a lefthanded person like me... you see, I like using my mouse with my left hand... which means I usually use arrow keys to nagvative, not that WASD ♥♥♥♥. so there's usually a delayed reaction for my character when I have to switch between mouse and keys.... that ends up with my character dying a lot.it's actually much more work to play this game than it is fun to play..... I actually wish I hadn't brought this game in the first place."
76561198022418595,Recommended,247660,13175634,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Sergeant Dildo,"I would give this game a 10/10 if it didn't randomly crash on me. It's very unique, the story is great, the voice acting is good, gameplay is fun. The music is a little weird at times, and it doesn't seem to fit the situation. I get a good steady 60fps at 1440p using DP fix."
,Recommended,247660,13326866,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Mistor1982,One of the best games I've played. Once you work through the kinks of getting it to run properly its thoughly enjoyable. The designer Swery65 really goes out of his way to make a sense of mystery and anticipation in the plot. I hammered through the game because I had to know who the killer was. I plan on playing it for the subtle side quest and open world feel.
,Recommended,247660,13825610,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Usurper,"Deadly Preminition is a bizzare game.  On paper, it's not that impressive. Dated graphics, awkward gameplay, stiff animations, lack of creature design, various audio and visual bugs to boot. But still there's some charm reminiscent of the David Lynch series Twin Peaks, including a protaganist that feels very influenced by the series itself. I can't really say much more without spoiling some of wackyness and weirdness that goes on within the game itself however.The Japanese historically haven't had a good time with PC ports (As consoles are the dominant market in Japan) and this game is no different. With repeated reports of not opening (Simple fix, go into your DP files and delete the one for PhysX) and audio and visuals not matching up, but Durante has released some fixes for the game. Which help it a lot with visual resolutions and some of the massively gamebreaking bugs.It has tons of charm, a great soundtrack and a few moments of ""What the ♥♥♥♥"" Worth playing for curiosity alone but I'd wait for a sale on it."
,Recommended,247660,11767689,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Goalie,"This game is awesome, I pre-ordered it for the 360 after hearing how bad it was and received a copy of the game which wasn't even spelt correctly on the game sleeve. After finishing the game I found myself unable to control the massive ejaculations that occured throughout my playthrough and now suffer from ED from how fugging awesome this game was.It's the story of an FBI agent who was chosen ""Most likely to go to Jail"", ""Most likely to Kill"", ""Most likely to be institutionalised"" and ""Coolest scar"" by his high school classmates. He is sent to a town in Washington to investigate a murder involving some red seeds and ends up talking to himself alot, drinking copious amounts of coffee, talking to himself in public to which only one character seems to find weird, and staring at the female deputies big bazookas.Mid game was kinda bad though, if this game was a woman it'd be Beyonce's backdoor, Rosario Dawson's bazongas and Rosie O'Donnel's stomach.Also has a QTE for waking up and lets you stalk the townspeople and watch them through their windows. And a dumbell signed by Arnold Schwarzennegger.I rate this game 4.5/5 haggis. Loses half a haggis for bad graphics, controls, driving, combat, investigation, gameplay, bad QTE's, everything that isn't a cutscene, being an actually pretty bad game."
76561198049172436,Not Recommended,247660,32994995,Posted: 29 June,all,Franc Kaos,"If you hate QTE gameplay where the game doesn't even seem to register your frantic key presses, stay far away from this game. Absolutely no key rebinding options and what's default seems completely random (E for accept, R to back out).I bought it because of the storyline, people were praising it online, I wanted an easy to play story - well, apart from the first cut scene I got no more story because I kept getting killed by the first Quick Time Event which was easy enough, A & D which my fingers rest on anyway, (and I've played a few QTE games before, usually managed to do it), but not here. Killed. Every. Single. Time!Refunded."
,Recommended,247660,7782335,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Galactic_Z,"Do you like weird games? Let me rephrase that. Do you like Resident Evil, Shenmue, Persona and Silent Hill? Do you want to play them at all once?Deadly premonitions looks bad, controls bad and would overall be a bad game if it were not for the brilliant absudity it offers. Moments of tension and mystery are intersped between hilariously bad writing and super cheesy dilogue. Deadly Premonitions is the rare example of a horror-comedy in video games and is an absoloute must play for anyone. The PC port offers a better control scheme than the PS3 version, but it also comes with it's own limitations. Rising Star gave us one of the worst ports of all time. For some reason the game is locked into 720p and though it touts controller compatability it is entire incompatable with XInput controllers, meaning your 360 or logitech controllers will not work without third party programs. There are a coouple fixes from a clever modder to fix the display issues, but otherwise get the PS3 version instead."
,Recommended,247660,7800478,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,kevinski,"I'd recommend the Xbox 360 version of this game, as I do feel that The Director's Cut unnecessarily changes the narrative flow for the worse. Still, Deadly Premonition is a fun, quirky game that should be experienced by anyone who feels that modern games lack charm. I also highly recommend this game to fans of Shenmue. Just bear in mind that the PC and PlayStation 3 versions of this game have a lot of problems. Not that the Xbox 360 version doesn't have problems, but it doesn't have as many. Either way, don't let other people tell you how to play the game. It's best experienced when you play it blindly for the first time."
76561198041128930,Recommended,247660,7905488,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,GETMEPICTURESOFSPIDERMAN,Original story and gameplay. Fantastic soundtrack.
76561197973833582,Recommended,247660,25031691,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Flidd,Great game. Runs perfectly (so far) on Windows 10 64 bit with DPfix.
,Recommended,247660,7542564,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Daikatan,"Mixed. The game itself is charming and unique, they put love in it. But it has problems - both gameplay-wise and technical issues. Wait a bit until it would be patched up and don't miss it if you are fan of Twin Peaks-like stuff!!!"
,Recommended,247660,32179363,Posted: 4 June,all,ValkyrieGirl,"If you ever wished they had made a Twin Peaks video game, this is it. All of the elements that make Twin Peaks what it is can be found here. So if Twin Peaks strikes a chord in you, i would highly recommend Deadly Preomonition.The port from console leaves something to be deisred, and the gameplay is a bit dated, but the experience is definitely worth the last-gen graphics, lackluster color palette, and arcade-style eye sores. Mods are available to remedy most of these immersion-breaking issues. Here's a good one:https://www.gog.com/forum/deadly_premonition_directors_cut/essentail_mods"
76561197961439760,Not Recommended,247660,25875385,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Agent Sno0gins,"I would have given this quirky game at least an 8/10, but due to hardware silliness, and a bad port...I just don't know.I want to LOVE this game. I really do.The console version is waaay better.I'll base my review on what the game truly is without hardware/software difficulties and bad porting.If you are familiar with Twin Peaks or any absurd David-Lynch works, you'll understand this game completely.If you're not...just go with it. Yes. It's ♥♥♥♥ing weird. Yes, York (the main character) is a dweeb. Yes, this town has no basis at all in reality. Just go with it.Gameplay-wise...meh. It's really about the weird characters and story. Sidequests everywhere!Ultimately, I cannot recommend the PC version if you're running any machine newer than like...2007-2009.If you can get your hands on the xbox360 version. Great."
,Recommended,247660,15100362,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,ThE_MarD,"Heyyo,""Do you feel it, Zach? My coffee warned me about it."" Err... what? lol. Yep! This is a weird game... but weird in a good way. An oddly budget feeling, good way indeed. :PI want to start this recommendation off with the major strength of this game and what will have you coming back despite the flawed gameplay and that is the story. You play as Fracis York Morgan, ""But please, just call me York. That's what everyone calls me."" Is the main character of the game who came to a small town to investigate a supernatural murder case and try to solve the mystery of why his most recent cases all have red seeds in them and where they are coming from.The small town is filled with a pretty diverse set of characters and I think that’s the biggest strength in this game. It’s interesting to hear what they have to say and what kind of odd or oddly humorous things they have to say.The gameplay, as stated earlier? Yep, it’s quite flawed haha. The controls feel a little clunky and the aiming takes a while to get used to and don’t flow as smoothly as for example Resident Evil 4 or 5.The worst offender in the gameplay though? The vehicles. There is a small open town to drive around and the camera can give you motion sickness due to a bug that they never fixed in this port... For example, when you turn your car to the left? The camera pans slightly to the right and vise-versa. It messes with your brain and I found for the first few hours that yes, I was getting headaches or even a little nauseous as you’d expect the camera to pan in the same direction of the vehicle.Second? The vehicles physics are some kind of weird mix between Mafia 1’s and those budget games you’d find on a rack at a gas station. Vehicles constantly clip in the ground when taking the exploratory paths, taking some corners too fast cause your vehicle to flip way too easily as if the weight of the vehicle is non-existent in this calculation and the engine sounds can sometimes be quite annoying.So yeah… vehicles? Definitely the worst part of the game. They will annoy the crap out of you. In  the PS2 era this game came out? We had good arcade vehicle physics from the likes of GTA 3 as a prime example of how they should have gone about it. But? I don’t know the development cycle and I don’t know their budget (which feels VERY tight btw) so this may have been an area that they didn’t focus in… but at least they should have fixed the damn camera pan when they made this PC port. :POh, one warning about this port? It can be quite unstable. As nice as it is you get bonus points for remembering to use phones (to manually save your game) there are times you will get screwed over especially during side-missions where the game will crash and cost you time if you don’t save… so it’s up to you if you wish to use manual or auto saving (toggled in the options menu).There are guides out there to resolving this, but I found using either Windows XP SP3 compatibility mode or Windows Vista (no service packs) got me through the full game along with this precompiled mod setup found here:http://www.gog.com/forum/deadly_premonition_directors_cut/essentail_modsHope this helps… so says, Mr. Stuart. ;)"
76561198031137944,Recommended,247660,11751836,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Isaac,"This game is just awsome. The horror passages are not scary and not fun at all...but the story and charakers...just awsome. a masterpiece. Sometime i even laughed...and sometimes the game made me really sad. pls buy it9/10but only cause the shooter places...developer pls leave them out next time. and one thing more...the game seems very long first ""episode"" takes me 5 hours...there are 7."
76561197985829298,Not Recommended,247660,33060024,Posted: 30 June,all,Soma,"Hello,For those looking for an interesting game, this could potentially appeal to you.While I personally enjoyed what I could get through so far, the amount of glitch and bugs that I have come accross makes playing the game not very enjoyable.For instance;- Game crash at startup (Fixed by re-installing some Nvidea setting that are located in the game installation folder)- Sound glitch while driving (Only way to fix it was to use some old speakers as my current headset made the car sound glitch)- Frequent freezes during cutscenes (When it happened, the only way I could go through them was to hit ""ESC"", but then I would also miss all the content- Random game crashesWhile I believe that it might be not be the best game out there, I did enjoy the story so far, but unfortunately, with all the bugs I have personally met, I would not recommend the game to anyone for this reason.Thank you for reading!"
,Not Recommended,247660,25229788,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Suport Marker,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AyFhegSAFWU&feature=youtu.beThis game is a mess. The PC port is absolute garbage, it crashes so much to the point I couldnt finish the story. The graphics and gameplay are painful as well. On the other hand, the characters and story are so bizarre and interesting that I wanted to see more from this game."
76561197989149266,Not Recommended,247660,24794286,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Month,"Well, I tried to pass a fata crash at the hospital, time and again, tried multiple solutions, but nothing works. So even though this IS a good game, up to that point, it cannot be played. I hope there is a patch at some time."
76561198026896888,Recommended,247660,31199948,Posted: 17 April,all,louishan80,"Pro:-Good storyline-Open world-Lovable character and personality-Ton of side missions-Make good use of time.-Good musicCon:-Inverted video.-Aiming issue, switch to compatible win Win98 can fix the issue but crash a lot of time.-Map is crap and useless-A lot of things not putting to good use, like: all items, shirts, money, cars- I only drive police car, the other cars are not as good even after upgrade- too much money on hand and nothing much to spend on...- a lot of items but not really that critical in game as I almost end up using none of them other than medical items.OverallI still enjoy the game.I did not complete all the missions but still this game will somehow stick to my memory for a while after completion of the game."
,Recommended,247660,30804462,Posted: 28 March,all,Lil Zap,Weird ♥♥♥♥ing game :)I love itneed to get back in to itkinda spooky as well
,Recommended,247660,7669662,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Satire is Dead,"Don't play withouthttp://blog.metaclassofnil.com/Look for DPfixThe game crashes regularly. Save FREQUENTLY.That being said, it's an amazing game and nothing else like it exists.It will leave an impression on you for as long as you live, especially if you like B movies.You like the strange and the bizarre, don't you, Zach?"
76561198117901730,Not Recommended,247660,19103259,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,☭ Ɉλ©Ҡ ☭,"This game is unplayable. I don't know what the actual game is like, maybe it's great, I'll never know, because the game crashes on launch. I can tolerate an awful PC port; that's what I did for Saints Row 2 and I loved that game (except for the port part, of course). What I can't tolerate is a PC ""port"" that does not work at all. Shame on Rising Star for releasing a game that is literally unplayable."
,Not Recommended,247660,11498748,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Nourishment M.O.T.,"I want you to play this game, just not on the PC. Do you have a PS3? If so, turn it on and download this classic. It really is one of a kind at the moment with no other game to compare it to. Sadly the PC port is a right pain in the a$$! I had to fight with it for way too long, starting my game over because of saves that corrupted.By the time I was done trying to get the game to work, I was afraid to mess with any of the add on content and played it in windowed mode in fear of it crashing. With that in mind, this game loves a good crash more than Nascar fans. If I could I would tell you it was worth it since the game is amazing when it is working, if you overlook the low budget that is.Yet, you might not at the moment have any other choice but to play it on PC. If you choose to endure that path, get ready to fight for your right to play the game without problems. Now with the port aside, the game is far from perfect at times even seeming to be broken in places. The vibe it sets and the story it tells is just so cool that you learn to live with the many flaws and ugly graphics.Also it does have one of the most annoying boss battles I can remember right at the end, but this game is still great and different. If you loved the TV show Twin Peaks, this is a must have and for any surreal fans, you would just be better off getting it on PS3 or finding a copy of the original on 360."
76561198000402623,Not Recommended,247660,26964124,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zombiecat,"The Best Game I can never recommend, because of bugs and crashes. Play the console version if you can!"
,Not Recommended,247660,11457643,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,MsLusus,"This game does not work. As soon as it gets past the first cut scene and enters into play mode, the camera just spins and spins. I've put more time into trying to fix this one problem than I have playing the actual game. I can't even leave the first scene!I want a game that works or I want my money back."
,Recommended,247660,18954481,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,2Joe,"This game has dull gunplay, horrible driving and breaks all of the time. This is one of the best games I have ever played and everyone should play it to the end."
76561198129954996,Recommended,247660,20396565,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Jebadiah,Twin Peaks the game.Damn fine coffee/10
,Recommended,247660,15356139,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Maghook,"Deadly Premonition is a game that David Lynch would have created had he been a Japanese game developer. It is strikingly similar to the television show Twin Peaks and one of the characters even bares an uncanny resemblance to an actress who played in 'Mulholland Drive', Naomi Watts. It's obvious the game's developers drew heavy inspiration from the show and Lynch's other works. If you ever wanted to play as Dale Cooper in a world so bizarre, spliced with elements of Silent Hill, then this is probably your best and only bet. Just be prepared for what is truly terrifying... a terrible PC port. Save often."
,Not Recommended,247660,9867037,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,euske,"I can't believe I've put up with this torture for more than 30 hours. Probably the half of it was spent for just getting the game run properly. I've seen all kinds of glitches, e.g. crashing, freezing, broken image, stuck in a corner, etc., etc. I tried DPFix and various kinds of attempts, none of which worked definitively. I am not complaining about the story and contents by themselves, but this is arguably one of the worst implementations of a console game. It's amazing how many bugs the devs could cram into this and still managed to think the game is playable.No, I won't play this again. (I was supposedly in the last chapter.)P.S. Also, the game behavior is affected by random things like monitor resolution, which makes running this game a kind of black magic. I regret I've run out of extra sheeps to sacrifice."
,Not Recommended,247660,12640310,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,SickB,"The Game itself (Gameplay / Story): Wonderfull if you grew up with Twin Peaks.The technical aspect of the game: Horrible.It´s a great game if it runs on your system. (Luck dependend)It´s a horrible piece of work if it doesn´t.Chances are this game won´t run on your system no matter what you do.This game maybe takes about 8 - 10 hours to playthrough.Steam sais i needed 24,3h.That´s because i had to play sections over and over again because the constant crashes und freezes.I even need to copy the save file between 3 PC´s !!! with different OS and config.With Win 8.1 don´t even get started, there you will have all the problems that are available.With Win 7 you will have most of the problems.Like i said, i finished this game on 3 Pc´s (Win 8.1, Win 7 64x, Win 7 32x)"
,Not Recommended,247660,26361830,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,the froliking camelspider,Zach i should of known.. this PC port the coffee warned me about it.
76561198063547828,Recommended,247660,12633772,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Brnawtch,Squirrels scream like chimpanzees. 10/10
76561197962261179,Recommended,247660,12365230,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Monkey Milkman,"Because it's like Twin Peaks but MORE mental.That said, it's a real mess of a port, and the patches still haven't fully fixed it. You have to get used to saving at every opportunity so that frequent crashes to desktop won't ruin too much progress.But even in spite of that, it's still really worth having if you have an appetite for strange."
,Not Recommended,247660,34083121,Posted: 7 August,all,El Presidente,Bad port.
,Not Recommended,247660,8444505,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Kaeru,"This is an amazing game that is completely hobbled by one of the worst PC ports that I have ever seen. I've tried it on two different, fairly beefily specced systems and both of them get roughly five frames per second. Going by the forums, the developer has apparently abandoned the project entirely, so unless the community gets together and fixes the myriad of bugs still left in this terrible tragedy of a release, it will never be worth purchasing.Stay away my friends!"
76561197987738363,Not Recommended,247660,26393885,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Poka,"Good game, terrible PC port almost unplayable"
,Recommended,247660,12639472,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,mudjoe2,i liked this game a lot and there's coffee and there's trading cards and
,Recommended,247660,16004522,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Pure,"its a masterpieceignore the people who say the game is unfinishable btw, the port is far from a masterpiece but apart from the memory leak it runs with few problems, seriously, people are just too lazy to do any fixes and just say avoid. also back up your save at chapter 9"
76561198062401576,Recommended,247660,13899332,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Jaffa,Amazing 10/10Bad port. Better to play this game on console I suppose.
,Recommended,247660,16463473,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Café à la crème de menthe,This was... perhaps the best game i ever played so far in my 20 years of age.I might be overreacting but the ending was climatic enough that i liked it quite alotI recomand it either on full retail price or at rebate.
,Not Recommended,247660,17418644,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Lt. Don Draper,"I love this game to death... But it simply doesn't work on PC. It is so bad. Literally the worst port I've ever played, to the point where the game is unfinishable."
,Recommended,247660,16859135,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,WhiteClaudiaMk,"As I kept playing, I've come to love this game's bulls***t. There's so much to like about it that I found myself ignoring a lot of errors and problems with the game. So, as a video game, this is actually a bad one. But as someone's vision, as a project, it's some kind of amazing.PS: It's a very bad PC port, but with a quick fix it's playable."
,Recommended,247660,15042627,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Barrin,"*Okay, before I say you should get Deadly Premonition, I must state that you should exercise caution into buying this PC port for the game. It is a terrible port from what I've been told and have experienced. However, though I think I'm only about halfway done with the game I have only experienced 1 crash so far... thought it was game breaking until I switched to Administrator mode for the game and the compatability for win 98.*So far... this is one of those games that's so bad that it's good... And I mean that in a way in which no matter what platform you play it on, it will have some faults, but just the fun, interest in the plot, and characters and what not are gonna get you hooked on this game. If I play a bad game it's usually to torture myself for an audience, but this is a game that is instead very enjoyable even with it's faults.The dialogue is some of the most ridiculous you'll ever hear and it is just god damned beautiful. It feels like a B-Movie on a low budget, but the director and the actors would have fun with it if it were an actual movie (which by the way the main character while driving WILL tell you some interesting movie trivia). The characters are for the most part likable and each have their own personality.... and... tend to overexaggerate their gestures while talking (seems to be very on purpose in all of it). The music is really damn good in my opinion. When the song, ""Life is Beatiful,"" plays it will get stuck in your head, and it always seems to play at some of the most unappropriate spots.... just... making the situation that much wierder (perhaps it plays at such spots because it what the main character, York, feels at that moment.... simplicity in life).The controls, on the other hand.. are what set me off a bit.... So many times I wish I could walk or run while I shoot a gun or swing a crowbar, but instead I am locked in place and can only aim. Seems to be a control sceme that even older Resident Evil games suffered through. The driving in the game is very weird to me as well. You can buy new cars in the game, each with it's set of speed and steering difficulties. However, I found myself always having trouble turning or turning too hard and spinning out... or hell even parts of the road that will have the car think it's Ryu or Ken from Street Fighter doing the Hurricane Kick!One more gripe I HAVE to mention with the game is the map. It is one of the most difficult maps I've ever had to handle for one SIMPLE reason... It cannot zoom out far enough to properly know how to get from point A to point B, unless it is directly related to a plotpoint mission. If I want to do some side missions or go to the diner or gas station, I have to either start at my car and pan up the map until I HOPE to see a path that will take me to my desired location, OR I have to flip through set locations using the left or right bumpers on my controller and then from there try to search for the location of my car. It is very annoying, tedious, and frustrating. It would have been nice to either be able to zoom out even further to see more of the map, or even if there is a way to set your own waypoints like the game does for you when you have to proceed with the plot (seriously.... if there is a way to do that and I just can't find out, please message me and tell me how! Would help me greatly!!!).With all that has been said, I still really enjoy this game and would recommend it! Just take caution, however, that it MAY or MAY NOT work on your pc, not matter what your specs are. Youtuber and Twitch Streamer Cryotic stated he can't get this game working on his rather powerful gaming set up, and yet I'm able to play this on a rather standard laptop myself, so... you have been warned... it may not work. I took the risk and was able to fix my one crashing issue thankfully by switching the compatability and turning on admin mode. Also do NOT GET THE DPFIX JUST YET!!!! It is still in alpha and needs to be throughally updated before it will do any sort of good... Tried it, and had to reinstall the game to make it work again...Anyhow, I talked on far too long. The bottom line is this is a good game! Give it a shot! If too afraid for the PC version, try it on xbl or psn!"
,Not Recommended,247660,17972314,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Doctor Fudge,"This port is absolutely miserable, and frankly I could have lived without ever getting to experience Deadly Premonition if it also meant never having to experience a port this bad.I don't think whatever good there is to the game, and there's a lot to recommend, is worth tearing your hair out getting it to work. Even after getting it to run at its best, I experienced myriad problems. One in particular is that, without wishing to spoil, there are moments when the game will pull a sort of picture-in-picture thing where you're seeing the main game camera, and a second camera from another character, and for whatever reason my computer found this the most difficult to manage, and I have a pretty decent rig. I do not have any explanation for why this is so. Garry's Mod has no issues with a similar set-up. Split-screen multiplayer games in general on my PC manage this with no problems. Why, then, does this game have an issue with it? It's a pretty important effect as far as the gameplay goes, why would they code it so poorly?Rising Star ought to be ashamed of themselves for allowing this to make it to retail, and they should be even more ashamed that they have still yet to make any effort to fix it. Absolutely shameful."
76561198000906795,Recommended,247660,15127125,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Yo,"I just wanted to give a heads up about the current situation of the game.In other reviews I read about problems with the game that I did not encounter when playing the game over the last weeks. It might have been patched or maybe there is new information on how to get the game running.It should be clear that this is by no means a perfect port, but I was able to complete it with only running into some minor problems.Over the near 20hours of playing I experienced a total of 4 crashes, 2 of which where that DP.exe stopped working and 2 frozen screens that had me restart the PC. No framerate drop or other things that stopped me from playing.When I first started the game it would always tell me that DP.exe did not work. The fix for that was to go into the Games folder: Steam/SteamApps/Common/Deadly Premonition The director's cut/redistThere you find the file: PhysX_SystemSoftware.msiRight click Repair stopped the DP.exe from crashing and let me play the game. The error might occur again after some time when trying to start the game, so you might have to do this from time to time again when starting the game.Apart from 2 times the error did not occur while actually playing the game.I played the game under Windows 8.If you bought the game a while ago and where unable to play it, maybe now is the time that it finally works.Apart from these difficulties I really enjoyed the game.The negative sites are the boring and repeatitive combat and some very annoying quick-time-events (especially when playing on keyboard).For me the story, atmosphere and gerneral experience where worth getting through this. Therefore I recommend this game."
,Recommended,247660,14935183,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Mister_sad22,"I LOVE THE GAME.... But the downside is the PC Port the sound quality and the effects are horrible especially 5.1but overall it's a cult classic it's a beautiful game,there's something about this game that just simply reminds me of SegaI just can't put a pin on it but I know it's something nostalgic but with that being said the storyline is so rich it draws you inand just how corny the jokes are....to put it simply just reminds me of an old-school corny detective moviedo I recommend the game?, yes but buy it when it's on sale... like i did for 3 bucks"
,Recommended,247660,14920295,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,El_Desenladrillador,"This game is, sure, weird. But nice. It's nicely weird. And weirdly nice. As the console port it has a lot of bugs and glitches, it has it's undeniable flaws and till the very end it's impossible to decide if it's serious game or is it some kind of a parody. It's also impossible to stop playing, to stop enjoying the characters and the story that is weird... but nice.That is why I love japanese games so much - they can be weird, but they would leave nice aftertaste. For sure."
76561198124986383,Recommended,247660,28820722,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,wahoowatchers,"""Puts Call of Duty to shame."""
76561197972318657,Recommended,247660,24399606,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Starman,Play Twin Peaks the game as imagined by an insanely quirky Japanese design team- wonderful charm despite the overt violence.
,Recommended,247660,14922084,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,RedruM,"Great game and atmosphere, the story seem cool but there's just one little problem... I CAN'T F.U.K.I.N.G. PLAY THIS GAME DUE TO CONTINOUS CRASHES... for the love of YORK fix this game and let me finish it...''9/10  just like skyrim but with more crashes'' IGN..."
76561198131041597,Recommended,247660,32915198,Posted: 27 June,all,4891d: Tenacity,David Lynch would definetely like this game.
,Not Recommended,247660,32227308,Posted: 6 June,all,Arclight,"I was really excited to finally play this game, but alas, the port just doesn't work. I make it to about chapter 3 before a game breaking bug happens and I am unable to continue. I've tried just about every possible fix that has been recommended and anything extra I can think of to no avail. Save your money. I wish I could get mine back. :(GAME DOES NOT WORK PROPERLY.YOU'LL EITHER BE FORCED TO CONTINUALLY TROUBLESHOOT TO CONTINUE PLAYING OR BE UNABLE TO PLAY AT ALL."
,Not Recommended,247660,30046566,Posted: 19 February,all,olmstelw,It keeps crasing every time I try to open the game
,Recommended,247660,18487649,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,♥Mad Dog♥,"York, I love you man!There's so much I could say, right Zach?But mainly...I love York! <3 <3 <3"
,Recommended,247660,18937892,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Thomas REEFERson,"Very good game, wish there were a 2nd."
76561198250930396,Not Recommended,247660,29022126,Posted: 4 January,all,gotterdammerungly,"This may be a very good game, unfortunately it is a truly terrible port and virtually unplayable on my quad-core AMD. It is very evident that this is a shoddy effort (i.e. lack of screen resolution options, no key-remapping options) and the game itself, whilst not being graphically sophisticated by today's standards, runs at a shocking, indeed unplayably slow frame rate. Cannot recommend it unless you enjoy broken games that run like ****."
76561198016576282,Recommended,247660,18936984,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Zera,"I knew this game was goig to be something else, my Coffe said  so"
,Recommended,247660,29299214,Posted: 16 January,all,eriol33,"the first chapters of this game is really a turn off, the gameplay is just horrible, clunky, and awkward. Well actually it's not that bad, but it's one of those games where gameplay is so bad that you just want to skip them and just proceed into the main story. As someone who is not really proficient in action game other than mass effect series, this game is really not for me.so yeah, I stopped playing after 6 hours because I couldn't continue and watched deadly premonition the moviehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJRga7wPzUois the story good? honestly I have hard time to judge. this is one of those moments when video games become an art. it is incredibly ambitious despite the lack of budget and you can just how much the game developers took attentions to the details.The characters are eccentric and memorable. This game has a lot of plot twists that could shock you. The ending is probably the most happily depressing story I ever experienced since Persona 3's ending.In short, this is probably one of the most disturbingly unique and funniest horror story with the most depressing and bittersweet ending ever.I bought this game for very cheap during steam sale. I cannot finish it, but I don't really mind. I hope someday I could continue it again, but I appreciate the writing of this game."
,Recommended,247660,18834233,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Roundaboot,"It's bad, it's reeealll bad. But charming and fun to adventure into this weird, surreal and bizzaro journey8.6/10"
,Recommended,247660,17767575,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,samu3lk,"I have purchased Deadly Premonition on every platform it has been released. The game's director Swery is the perfect kind of crazy, and he's a really sweet guy, and you should all support his work. His games aren't perfect, but they're beautiful windows into his soul. This world we live in does not deserve Swery, and he is a gift. Buy this game and D4, please."
,Not Recommended,247660,26650599,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,AMB 10,"This pains me to write. The game itself seems fantastic, but it's probably one of the worst PC ports I have ever had the misfortune to play. Do not buy this, go and play the SUPERIOR console version over this failed abortion of a port."
,Recommended,247660,27291671,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Former President George Sears,"The definition of so bad it's good. What the game lacks in control and gameplay it makes up for in solid story, quality voice acting, memorable characters, and a genuinely interesting series of plot twists.The game frequently goes on sale for $2.49 so theres no reason you shouldn't own this masterpiece.Isn't that right Zach?(This is my favorite game. I have a 360 copy factory sealed in box which has already tripled in value since release.)"
,Recommended,247660,18786777,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,EmZiom,"Game is very very... well  it is INSANELY buggy. You will spend a lot of time fixing it. BUT intro will pay you off. Soundtrack is marvelous.Read sticked thread in community hub to find fixes and mods improving resolution and framerate. Now I got 60fps all time.It is worth to buy it even only for this soundtrack.About plot:You are working for FBI and they pay you salary. And they also pay you extra for eating, shaving etc.They paid me 14 $ extra for shaving my face.I spend most time drinking in bar, flirting with cute Sheriff deputy, talking with my imaginary friend drinking coffee in hotel, sleeping, driving car like maniac (I already crashed my Ford Mustang) and smoking 20 cigarettes per hour.Ah I almost forgot, there is some serial killer in town and some zombies."
,Not Recommended,247660,19983705,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,BoomerzDude,Horribly ported.Go buy it for the 360.I spent a good bit of my playtime just struggling to make it run.The game is good but this port is ♥♥♥♥ing cancer.
,Recommended,247660,20559488,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Eslisla,"Maybe we should send the ones who are responsible for this console port to the great city of Harvest. Steve the old kidder with his stupid♥♥♥♥♥lumberjack shirt will accompany their trip for a night and if they come back Deadly Premonition will become the new Harvest and Twin Peaks in one. Ergo: The best ♥♥♥♥ing town/game ever.Long story short: Buy this game, its awesome. Torture the ones who made this port. They deserve it."
,Recommended,247660,11838324,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Febel,Deadly Premonition is a good game but good god this is a terrible port. It took a frankly embarrasing amount of fiddling with fan-made patches and with the games files to get it working and even then it's seems to be running slow. I liked this game a lot on Xbox but I can't recommend it on steam at all.
,Not Recommended,247660,25717282,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Zerocyder,"An amazing experience crashed by the most awful port that I've been able to try ever, an insult to this amazing piece of entertainment. Play this on a PS3 or a XBox 360, not in PC- or you'll be losing a lot of time in game crashes and bugs. Just awful."
76561198054190517,Recommended,247660,14978410,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,MisterFate,Zach needs COFFEE! 8/10 3$ game. Totally worth 3$! If you like horror games then you might enjoy this. Oh and you can shave your face.People say this is a bad port and it crashes. I haven't had one crash yet. Maybe a sugar crash but thats about it.Beware this game has alot of cut scenes!
,Recommended,247660,12145722,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Vulcan Brady,"A Diamond in the rough... just DO NOT play it on PC!  Play it on console!I first encountered this game on PC. I had heard a lot about it, and gave it a try. I wanted to like it, but the PC version is a mess. Even with the DP Fix patch, this game just isn't stable. Bugs, crashes, compatibilty fixes that randomly quit working, random framrate drops requiring reboot of PC, terrible/broken controller support, etc. It was a miracle i made it chapter 8 on PC. I tried it on 2 PCs, and on both Windows 8.1 and Windows 7 on each PC. On 7, I can't even get the game to boot - on either PC. My main PC isn't weak either, my rig is more than capable of handling the game; so that's not an issue.  Last but not least : there is no hope for an official update in sight. Long ago the delvelopers heard the complaints and basically replied ""Oh, we are sorry the Dev team the did the Director's cut butchered the game, it's embarrising. We apologize"" .....and left it at that. It's quite unfortunate that such a unique game fell victim to this shady practice...So I picked up the Director's Cut on PS3. It runs much more stable, and was enjoyable. The reivews don't lie though: The PS3 version does suffer from a low framrate at times. Sometimes its fine, and sometimes it drops to as low as 20 FPS. But it's still playable, and I'd pick it over PC anyday, having also played the PS3 version to chapter 8 to compare.Having decided I loved the game after playing the much more stable PS3 version, I found a mint copy of the Xbox 360 version (Original Release, not a Director's cut) for a 10 bucks, and decide to try it too. I was shocked at the difference!!! Hands down, the Xbox 360 verion of this game is the definitive version of Deadly Premonition! It runs best out of all 3 versions, and there are no framerate issues on xbox, you can really see just how badly the port was done after playing the original release.The things people complained about in the XBox version I just can't agree with. First, people complained of the tank-like controls on the 360 - they are fine. The classic control gives the game the feel it needs, and I find to be much more sharp and responsive, better in battle after practice. The ability to side-step and do an instant 180 turn in classic controls are a must. Second, people complained about the color filters - they are great! If your TV can support XBox 360's Higher/Darker Color Reference/Black levels - the way the color is done in the original version looks brilliant. They give the environment and the character's faces the perfect flares of color right when they need them, giving the game a feel from some older horror movies. Even when the filter aren't running, like in the pause menu you will notice the color is much more vivid - making both PC and PS3 Director's cut verions look washed out. With the exception of the black/gray/white color themed HUD, the Xbox version looks better than the PC and the PS3 version in every way. And if you aren't a whiny spoiled brat, the controls are better suited too, once you learn them.Play this game before you die; just don't play it on PC, you are just robbing yourself of a great game experience if you do. And if you have an Xbox 360 -  get that version ASAP - it's getting pretty expensive. At the time of this review, a mint copy is going between $40 to $99 USD on ebay (both used and new copies are in that range). So clearly, I can't be the only one that realizes why the 360 version has become so cherished as more people discover this game..."
,Recommended,247660,12641053,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,UgliestPieceofBread,"Now I'm not going to lie to you, the gameplay in this game is trash. Serious trash. You are cemented to the floor while shooting, there are only 2/3 different types of enemy in the game, sound effects are awful, the driving is hilariously bad as you fly around at 80mph spinning in circles and it crashes so much that you'll want to cry after the 10th time.BUT, it's still a damn awesome game. How the heck does it manage that you ask? With some of the most hilarious dialogue I've heard in a video game and some of the most interesting and fleshed out characters which feel like they could actually exist in the real world, which doesn't really happen too often in video games.If you can look past the gameplay issues and immerse yourself in the stories and the characters, you'll definitely have an amazing time."
,Recommended,247660,13515507,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Gnome Rambo,"For a game that has problems with its pc port, it's a fun pc port, especially for certain things such as the diner conversation or when York holds his own conversation about films. If you want to make sure it plays smoothly and with a different resolution, you will have to modify the game. Here's a guide for anyone interested:http://pcgamingwiki.com/wiki/Deadly_Premonition:_The_Director%27s_CutIn terms of gameplay, combat is rather ordinary, playing like Resident Evil 4 with the over-the-shoulder aiming. Driving is a bit wonky, especially if you drive the car from using the flare (Compared to the police car, the speed is rather fast as though York decided to floor it.). QTE's exist and they require some quick input. Outside of combat, the game does give players side activities to do.Also, the coffee says ""F.K."""
,Recommended,247660,13753528,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,beefy100,"This is going to sound cliche but this is just a video game re-make of Twin Peaks. Thats not a bad thing since Im a huge fan of the series and its great to play as an Agent Dale Cooper-like hero. The game has the perfect balance between horror and action to recreate one of the best TV shows without aknowlding that it was its insperation. However the controle set up and driving really needed some work, but overall this is a good horror game."
76561198084517855,Recommended,247660,13224662,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,名無し,Bad port. Horrible driving. Random crashes. Having to use ALT-TAB method every time you load the game to fix the aiming.Those ingredients make a great game called Deadly Premonition.Even trash can turn into works of art.Because the whole is not the sum of its part.So says Mr. Stewart.
,Recommended,247660,13326882,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Waifu_Dosh,"So bad, it's good."
,Recommended,247660,12751000,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,spincube,"Obligatory points: Deadly Premonition is 'Twin Peaks as everyone remembers it', and your gameplay experience may or may not have crash-to-desktop technical issues, depending on your hardware configuration, star sign, and quantum signature. So, here are my remaining thoughts on Deadly Premonition.This game is weird, harmlessly so. At first, I wasn't sure whether York - the Special FBI Agent player character - was odd on purpose. or if he was some kind of space-alien wearing human skin and trying to imitate humans (like that guy in Men in Black). The first cutscene in the game has York arguing about Tom and Jerry - the cartoon cat and mouse - with a coworker, before introducing Zach. Who's addressed in the second-person.You know the kind of game released late in the Dreamcast's lifespan? Where the developers were all 'who cares, if it fits just put it in the game and we'll figure it out later'? Nobody ever seemed to buy the game, but everyone half-remembers it anyway? Deadly Premonition was that weird game. As an example, this game tracks how long York has been wearing his suits; if you wear a single item of clothing for too long (in game time), you'll be fined money for being a 'stinky Agent' and you'll get flies buzzing around you until the suit is laundered (at cost, and which takes game time). There's also more mundane 'little things', like how you need to remember to put fuel in your car. You can complete side missions to collect trading cards. You need to remember to eat and sleep properly. There's a fishing and darts minigame, because why not?Another thing that really endeared me to Deadly Premonition was the interplay between the cast of characters - once the investigation is underway and time passes, York can start eating lunch with the main secondary cast (the sheriff of the town and his staff). Gameplay-wise it's a way of refilling your hunger meter and passing time until a big mission is ready to be undertaken, but it's also an opportunity for York and the others to talk about the case - or just small talk. Side missions open this up even further - and as NPCs have their own schedule according to the in-game clock, they're a matter of 'catching them when they're ready', not just approaching the floating QUEST READY icon whenever.Technical issues asside, Deadly Premonition is divisive for a reason; either you'll sink into the plainweirdnessof the whole thing and enjoy it from start to finish, as I did, or perhaps come to enjoy it in a 'so bad it's good' kind of way - or you just won't enjoy it. The combat sections are an obvious bolt-on from a publisher uncertain if a non-man-shoot game would ever sell, the voice acting is questionable (although York nails it while discussing '80s movies with Zach on long trips), and dear God almighty York has the creepiest inhuman smile.If you're a gigantic baby when it comes to scary games - like myself - rest assured there's little 'proper' horror (purists, sit down). Spooky monsters to mash, and a creepy, tense atmosphere during combat sections, but nothing in the way of ultraviolence or stupid jump scares and BOO soundtrack stings or whatever.The thing is, I could never be absolutely certain which parts are standard reach-exceeds-grasp 'jank', which were Japanese translation weirdness, and which are simply weird on purpose. I enjoyed the game in spite of this and the drawbacks mentioned above, but in the end if you're looking for a polished experience you're going to be disappointed. Otherwise, install the game, install dpfix to fit the game to your display resolution, and enjoy the absolutely unique experience of Deadly Premonition. Make sure to whistle 'Life is Beautiful' wherever you go afterwards."
,Recommended,247660,13542854,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,\[T]/,"Never played it on the XBOX so I have no say on the port. It is pretty bad though.THAT BEING SAID. This game is perfect in every way, right Zach?"
,Recommended,247660,13742461,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,itsTotallyMike,"Amazing game! With the disappointing turn the Resident Evil franchise took with 6 and ORC (though saved by Revelations) I have been on the lookout for any 3P Survival Horror that is actually entertaining. While this is no RE4, it's a fantastic game along those same lines. If you're a fan of 3PSurvival Horror games such as Resident Evil 1-5/Revelations, you must try this one."
,Recommended,247660,13796485,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,FonzoUA,"I would keep it short.PC port is terrible, interface is a bit annoying at times, incredibly odd and strange driving, constant crashes and FPS drops.But it still one of the best games I've played. Intriguing story, charismatic characters and dence atmosphere is what makes the game this great.About technical part of the game. The following quotes says it all:""I would drag my balls through 10 miles of broken glass just to play another 20 mins of this game's story. "" Steam user jerry.If you are willing to fight the glitches and crashes, you would experience everything that makes this game so great."
,Recommended,247660,13593190,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,mr-T,This game is like if Twin Peaks got roundhouse kicked in the face by Shinji Mikami and Suda51.Weird.....but oh my how amusing.Get this game8 out of 10 axe murderers
,Not Recommended,247660,13599136,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,LameWalletChain,"I tried to play the game Deadly Premonition: The Director's Cut yesterday. This game originally came out on the Xbox 360 in 2010.  It was recently re-released on PS3 as well as ported to the PC. For years this game has been heralded as an open-world survival horror homage to Twin Peaks: the story involves a quirky FBI agent investigating a strange murder in Washington state. The original version of the game also involved the detective interacting with two dwarves in a red room; maybe homage is an understatement.Make no mistake the game is terrible. It controls like Resident Evil 4 and has graphics which are about the same - except it was released 5 years later. It was developed by a small Japanese game studio that had a deep appreciation for David Lynch so naturally it has developed a cult following in the states.Some of my favorite games were developed by Japanese game companies. My wife and I both love the Tales games released by Namco Tales as well as the SMT/Persona games released by Atlus. The key difference here as that both of these companies do great localization - that is, they spend a lot of time getting decent translation of the original Japanese dialogue.This is pretty important; if you don't do that then a lot of the humor and personal interaction just comes across as stilted and awkward. I have the feeling that this is pretty much the case with Deadly Premonition. I think a lot of folks view the ""quirky dialogue"" as Lynchian - but considering how poorly the rest of the game comes together it is more likely that this is just bad localization."
,Recommended,247660,14155998,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Bit Bandit ツ,"Deadly Premonition is the single greatest mystery adventure game of all time.That may be a hyperbole statement, but I assure you this is not an exaggeration and I will tell you why you shouldn’t miss out on one of the most uniquely produced games that may never be replicated.In Deadly Premonition you play as special FBI agent Francis York Morgan (just call him York, everyone calls him that) who has an imaginary friend named Zach, gets paid for shaving his beard, viewing the weather channel and gets advice from his coffee. York goes to Greenvale, a small town where a murder has taken place against a woman named Anna Graham, and it’s up to York, as well as the Sheriff: George woodman and Deputy Sheriff Emily Wyatt to solve the town’s biggest case yet.Once you're past the intro cutscene, you may think that Deadly Premonition is just a survival horror game that takes cues from other survival horror games such as Silent Hill. However once you complete the prologue thinks get much stranger, weirder and funnier.The game features dialogue that is both bizarre and completely hilarious usually at the same time, and undermines the games more serious scenes with some of the most amusingly inappropriate music they could think of. For example when York witnesses a murder take place, he will be accompanied by smooth jazz while he makes witty remarks, usually in the same room of the victim. When having lunch York will tell tasteless anecdotes about his past cases, one being where “an ingenious law school student♥♥♥♥♥♥♥over 800 victims” to the people sitting nearby him. Just when you think you’ve seen the strangest part of the game, something stranger pops up not long after.Deadly Premonition is not only a mystery and survival horror game, it’s also an open world game where you can find collectibles, do side missions, explore the surprisingly large world and do some quests that require shooting zombie like enemies. The driving is hilariously bad and York takes his time to enter and exit the vehicle, however it’s worth it just to hear York talk to Zach about movie trivia and thoughts on the case.Some submissions can only be tackled during certain times of the day, and usually consists of fetch quests. However doing side missions can net you some goodies, such as a fast travel radio, a submachine gun with infinite ammunition, and trading cards that you can collect.When you’re not driving around, collecting collectables or talking to the locals, you’ll be doing one of the many shooting sequences of the game that play out a bit like Resident Evil 4. That being said, the combat is very simple and doesn’t get difficult until halfway through the game, despite this these action sequences can be fun as you build up an arsenal of weapons that include pistols, shotguns and machine guns. While you’re shooting enemies you may encounter the “Raincoat Killer” who is the mysterious culprit you are after, upon encountering you will either have to do a QuickTime event, run away, or hide in a locker to make sure he doesn’t find you. Even though these sequences are predictable, they can be a good change of pace.I think I should also mention the graphics; they won’t impress anybody and this was meant to be a Playstation 2 game at one point in development, however the poorly done animations are very comical and had me dying of laughter at points. The sounds are sometimes equally as bad; guns sound like pea shooters and use stock sound effects sometimes and the voice acting is the best kind of bad.Despite having atrocious graphics, poor sound and simple Gameplay, the game manages to do the whole “so bad it’s good” tactic perfectly.It’s nearly impossible for me to describe some of the more bizarre moments of deadly premonition, but because of the low budget looks and bizarreness of the storyline, Deadly Premonition is one of the most uniquely crafted games I have ever played.The game excels at providing one of the most bizarre, confusing and entertaining narratives in a computer game, it’s like watching a beautiful train wreck happening on your computer screen, and depending on how you feel, you may even feel a bit emotional at the end of the game, I know I did.After completing Deadly Premonition, I was sad, very sad, because the main storyline was deemed complete; no game has ever made me laugh so hard to the point of tears more than Deadly Premonition, and it is worth every penny for its comical value.However I think it’s now time to bring up an issue that plagues the pc port, and that is that it is a poor port that suffers from crashing, fixed resolution and lack of graphical options. If you are going to buy Deadly Premonition, buy it on a console, if you don’t have a console, purchase it on PC and download a few mods to fix the issues.If you’re curious what Deadly Premonition is ultimately like, Jim Sterling said it best: “Deadly Premonition is like watching two clowns eat each other. It’s perverse, it’s wrong, and yet it’s so ♥♥♥♥ing funny.”There is no other title in the gaming industry that matches the sheer hilarity and bizarreness as Deadly Premonition.The game is not only so bad it’s good; it’s so bad its borderline perfection!"
,Not Recommended,247660,24943282,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,RedPyramidThing,"It's a good game, but it runs so terribly on computer, please do yourself a favor and just pick it up for console instead because it's really good, it's just unplayable on computer. 15fps, 720p, constant crashing and audio glitches, etc."
,Recommended,247660,7574853,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,(((tox_classic))),the worst game of the year. buy it right away
,Recommended,247660,7754561,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,[dire] Mr james,Twin Peaks meets Sandbox. Ignore the cumbersome controls and outdated graphics. The game really shines in the narrative and cozy small town feel. It is one of the few games that excels in bringing together a story that grabs you by the throat and refuses to let go. You won't forget it. There simply is no other game like it.
76561198053330984,Recommended,247660,7857500,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,sushimeow,"I played this game years ago, and to this day if someone asked me to name the craziest game I've ever played, or the most annoying game, or most surprising game, OR even one of the best games E-VER - you guessed it. This one right here.I've always been a survival horror fan, so it was pretty natural for me to pick this up on the 360 back then. I did not quite get what I was expecting. Deadly Premonition is Twin Peaks meets Silent Hill with many other influences thrown in and brewed into a cup of joe that, well, might be best left to interpretation. The game is not perfect. It's awkward at times, annoying at others, sometimes makes no sense and sometimes makes ALL the sense! (yeah) But in the end, I don't think I've forgotten a single thing about it. That is how it stuck with me.I admit, at times I sincerely hated this game and thought it was the worse piece of crap ever thrown together - a game that tried to be everything and yet couldn't find its place in a proper, comfortable gaming category. I ranted and raved about it to anyone who would listen - but this game was always on my mind. Did I stop playing? No. I HAD to keep going! And I did.I remember the day I finally finished it. I told myself ""I will beat this game tonight! I will finish it and then I will never have to touch it again!!!"" I believed it was doable. I thought I was near the end... And so I played. And played. And just when I thought it would be over... I was mentally exhausted but I couldn't stop! By the time I reached the end it was at least 3 in the morning, and I just sank down in my chair and looked at the screen to see the credits roll by. But even then I was still thinking about it.It was a gaming experience I have never forgotten. And now I'm ready to do it again!Thank you, Deadly Premonition, for scaring me and driving me crazy (and also thank you for letting me figure out who the killer was a little ahead of time because of my own clue hunting effort. That was rewarding). And thanks for keeping me awake and for completely exhausting me with your twisty plotline. For that, you earn a special place on my lifetime gaming list."
76561197960282791,Recommended,247660,7874317,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Kyote,"As much as it's ugly, clumsy, buggy, dated technologically and features some dull combat sequences that belong to much older PS2 games, none of its flaws are at all worth avoiding it for. Deadly Premonition features some of the best characters in gaming in the last 15 years, some fantastic and funny dialogue, a moving story, and some of the weirdest atmosphere you'll ever see. Where it fails, it somehow only enhances the experience. And where it succeeds it soars. It's completely and utterl one o fa kind and every gamer should play it on any platform they can find it on, because there's just nothing else like it. When your time comes to a close, you will so deeply miss York, Zach, Emily, Greenvale, and every looney in it."
,Recommended,247660,7889248,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Sketch,"It is important that every boy and girl overcome a milestone in their lives.  If you think I'm about to say Deadly Premonition is a milestone of a child's life, you are dead wrong. This game is a celestial gift given by the angels."
76561198028711579,Recommended,247660,7720768,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,E.M.J. ㋛,"This game makes me want to peek through every single window, despite long loading times between peeking in and getting back. It makes me desperately want to finish it despite the crash that forces you to play it in windowed mode. Its town feels alive, with real inhabitants, despite their quirky animations and weirdnesses.I get lost driving with those horrible cars that veer right, and laugh to myself at the uselessly zoomed in map. And still, everything intruiges me to such a degree that I would call this a once-in-a-lifetime experience that I would never want to be withouth.There is so much to do and see, that I found myself fainting outside of an ingame diner and woke up after being driven to the hospital. Surprised I realised I had let my loveable strange FBI agent go too long withouth eating.Similiarly I noticed flies started gathering around me at one point, because I had not changed clothes and sent my worn ones to get washed. I'm growing a beard as the game progresses, as I have not choosen to shave.The story is full of twists and turns. Every character IS a character, with motivations, secrets, a backstory... They all seem to have lived their lives up to the point you join them in the game. The side quests, silly as they may be, seem to fit in the world.Seldom does one come across a game that can make the gamer so immersed, it has the ability to frighten, make one laugh out loud, as well as puzzle and feel sad.Cult classic: The mystery, the music, the ugliness, the beauty, the people, the humour, the dialouge... This Japanese tribute to Twin Peaks and movie trivia is beyond words. With all it's flaws, it's simply genius."
,Recommended,247660,7648467,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,one rootin tootin motherfucker,"Possibly one of the greatest games of all time in all aspects.The story is incredible, it's like they hired every Oscar winning writer from the past 20 years to write the story holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ You get so invested in the story it's like you were living in the game.The characters are basically like real people they're written and designed so well. Francis York Morgan and Zach are probably my favourite characters in any medium, not just video games.The music is basically sex for your ears and even though there's only like 4 songs they always fit perfectly with the situation at hand.If you like anything that's perfect then you should get this game.Gotyotyotyotyotyotyoty of all the years.Deadly Premonition gets a 5.............................. out of 5."
,Recommended,247660,7907152,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,momma mothra,"*15/10, fun for the whole family.* This cultural phenomenon, which will come to define this generation for the next several decades, was most assuredly not inspired by the hit TV show ""Twin Peaks"" and definitely does not blatantly rip off said show in a hilarious and heartwarming manner. Swery is a tortured genius, and his artistic soul -- tender and tormented -- is laid bare, raw and awesome. It would be a folly comparable to the fall of man to not partake in the seductive madness and ensnaring purity that is Deadly Premonition. If you do just one thing with your life that you can look back on with pride and say, ""I did it perfectly"" when on your deathbed, let buying and playing this game be that one thing."
,Recommended,247660,7803487,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,bloodaxel,"It's a little gift from far away times when gaming was big and grass was green. Firstly I have a really misunderstanding about what hell happend here, but step by step I started to see beyond ugly graphics and awful sound. So you might try to seen what I saw."
,Recommended,247660,7730627,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,21st Century Shitpost Man,The Room of video games
,Recommended,247660,8160962,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,mOOsechuck,absolutely
,Recommended,247660,8215709,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,some deviant,"What the hell am I playing, and why am I enjoying it so much? I don't even mind the crashes or the fact it needs a third party mod to even get it to load."
,Recommended,247660,8217602,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,ww,"One of my all time favorite games ever. I was REALLY excited about this port, as I tend to lean to the PC or Nintendo consoles in favour. But the game is broken as hell. I can't get past the first episode due to the fact that the game literally won't launch. I product this broken should not be released, let alone left to rot like this.Please, use your best discressions on this purchase. As a die hard fan I can honestly say this cuts me to the bone to say this."
,Recommended,247660,8231796,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,GundwN,Buy this damn game.
,Recommended,247660,8505179,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Ulricus,Clear as a crisp spring morning!
,Recommended,247660,8075302,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,uberly bored,"This game is too bad to not play.That said, BUY THIS DAMN GAME."
,Recommended,247660,8759796,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Mikaeled,"On paper, this game has everything. It's a horror adventure game with an elaborate Twin Peaks-inspired story that takes roughly 20 hours to complete depending on how much time you spend doing sidequests. It's got an open world for you to explore, there's a bunch of ranged and melee weapons, puzzle sequences, hunger mechanic, you name it. The problem is that this game plays and looks like a Playstation 2 game. The graphics are outdated, which wouldn't be too bad if the design wasn't also outdated: it basically plays like a poor man's Silent Hill, and it is full of tedious missions and easy combat encounters.This PC port is also a mess that is locked to 720p, lacks color filters that the console version apparently had and crashes regularly. You can fix all of this by installing three easy fixes that you can find on the forums, but still. If you want a game that works right out of the digital box and plays like a modern survival horror game, it's hard to recommend this.Yet, I absolutely loved this game, and it is all thanks to the story and characters. You play as Francis York Morgan, an FBI agent who comes to the small town of Greenvale to solve the murder of a young woman. Sounds familiar? Yes, the game's story is basically a funnier Twin Peaks, and I loved it. It is at times super weird, super funny and super interesting, so it was easy for me to overlook all the shortcomings of the game. The dialogue, story beats and even the cheesy comic relief made this game so easy to enjoy. I just wish this ""Director's Cut"" had more stuff to it than extra costumes and some cutscenes, and also made the game look and play a bit better."
,Recommended,247660,18901623,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Baconmaninspace,"Let me begin by pointing out that this is a terrible PC port. One of the worst I've seen for sure. That said, I was able to comfortably play the game to completion using a mod called DPfix. Not only did this make the game playable, but it also allowed the game to run at a very stable framerate and added support for multiple resolutions. This is important to note because the only other version of this game's Director's Cut available here in the West, namely the PS3 port, suffers from abyssmal performance. With this in mind, the PC version of Deadly Premonition is somehow both the best and worst version of the game. On a personal note, I find this a bit poetic because it perfectly reflects the spirit of the game.TL;DR The PC port is crap but there's an easy fix that allows for better performance than its console counterparts. For that reason, I can't help but recommend this version over the others.With that introduction out of the way, let's talk about Deadly Premonition. In short, it's every bit as good, bad, and weird as you've heard. It's an anomoly of a game that really makes you question everything you think you know about what makes a game ""good"" or ""bad."" It's completely lacking in polish, yet is so striking in its presentation that it's almost impossible to take your eyes off of it. It casts the broadest net possible over as many genres as it can cover, yet consistently fails to function fully as any one of them independently. It's the only game where you can drive a sports car on two wheels, at 80 miles per hour, to the home of a reclusive gas-mask wearing paraplegic who speaks only in rhyme through his manservant, as weird trance techno blares over the radio, all while your character has a conversation with his imaginary friend about the death of Joey Ramone.There's nothing I can say that will adequately convey the experience of playing Deadly Premonition, so I won't try any further than I already have. Play it and see for yourself."
,Recommended,247660,19329253,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Satania with a Gun OVERDRIVE,This game is amazing I would give it 100 stars if I could riveting story and real to life schizophrenia simulator.
76561198105205197,Not Recommended,247660,28957449,Posted: 2 January,all,Captain Facepalm,"Not worth the headache. It took forever and a day to get this game to run. When I found settings that worked I couldn't play the damn game on fullscreen. Worse yet, the game itself is poorly designed with a tedious inventory system and a horrendous combat system.NOT RECOMMENDED"
76561198145394240,Recommended,247660,19000332,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,polytraveller,"One of the most enjoyable games i've every played. A little clunkly, but the whole thing is written with a lot of heart which is something you don't see enough of.  Technically a horror game i guess, but overall has a really nice laid-back atmosphere which isn't something you might expect from this sorta game. Comparisons to Twin Peaks and Resident Evil are inevitable, but it has a real unique flavor of its own which is where the game really shines.(plus this game seems to go on sale often for just a few dollars so it's a great cheap buy if want to wait)"
,Recommended,247660,8213932,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Ace of Spades,Great Fantastic Nice Shot Good Amazing Great Fantastic Nice Shot Good Amazing Great Fantastic Nice Shot Good Amazing Great Fantastic Nice Shot Good Amazing Great Fantastic Nice Shot Good Amazing Great Fantastic Nice Shot Good Amazing Great Fantastic Nice Shot Good Amazing Great Fantastic Nice Shot Good Amazing Great Fantastic Nice Shot Good Amazing Great Fantastic Nice Shot Good Amazing
76561198202246558,Recommended,247660,28398868,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Achilles,"Indigo Prophecy meets Resident Evil 4. So, comically bad it's BRILLANT!"
,Recommended,247660,23853482,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Zito,"Weird controls, lazy port, but definitely a great game. 7.5/10."
,Recommended,247660,23882001,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Low-fi Andrew,Bought it for the laughs. 10/10.
,Recommended,247660,8528990,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Turbo Viking,This a good♥♥♥♥♥game!
,Not Recommended,247660,12662920,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,RepijĀ,Unplayable
76561197994215424,Not Recommended,247660,11665370,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Serin,"Deadly Premonition is an amazing game. The dialogue is hilarious, the cutscenes are cheesy and fun, and the plot's similarity to Twin Peaks (which the creators loved) is a huge plus.So why the thumbs down? Because this is a terrible, terrible port. The first issue I noticed was the camera shaking and vibrating during a lot of the scenes. Okay, not a huge deal, so I kept going. Then I started experiencing frequent crashes, some at key points that required me to run through the same (unskippable) scene four times before I found a proper workaround. The last straw was listening to the audio scratch and pop before leaving the hotel just to run into a loading screen that went on for over a minute before I gave up on it.Again, Deadly Premonition is an excellent game. I can't recommend it enough for the PS3 or the Xbox. But this port? Save your money."
,Recommended,247660,12629905,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,CyanideCandy,Possibly the only game where I feel the need to watch every movie mentioned by a single character.
,Recommended,247660,10954459,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,FuscusNight,"A misunderstood masterpiece about an FBI agent who solves spooky murders with his trusty imaginary friend Zach and his amazing psychic coffe that gives him hints for future events.The game has it all, fishing,driving,shooting,survival horror,eating,sleeping,exploring,racing,puzzle solving,an open world,comedy and drama.It's a game you just have to experience, be warned thought the PC version comes with lots and lots of crashes which will often ruin your amazing adventures with FBI agent York but push on my friend, don't let a bunch of bbbbb----- *error* DP.exe has stopped responding999999 / 10This game makes me happy to be alive"
,Not Recommended,247660,33244206,Posted: 4 July,all,PAPR1KA,Crashes immediately on startup. Pretty disappointing. :/
76561198085185252,Not Recommended,247660,33283459,Posted: 5 July,all,The Scary Cow,"I was really looking forward to playing this game and the two or so hours I did play of it were positively goofy. I loved it and my body was so ready to get goofed all over until I got into a car. There was this horrid screeching noise. I looked all over the internet and after trying everything I learned that this game doesn't support surround sound and this awful audio glitch would happen. Both my headphones and my speakers are surround sound and I am unable to change their settings to make this work, so unfortunatley I'm gonna need to stop the game here. This is only one of the many many bugs people report on a regular basis, so if you are able to get this game on a console, go ahead and get ready to get goofed all over with this sweet goof juice, but I would not recommend on steam."
76561198324933775,Recommended,247660,33875797,Posted: 29 July,all,panagiotis.voulgarelis,A really great game. A Twin Peaks look alike. It is games like this that leave you with an empty place inside you after completing them. It has some minor bugs and it crashes around and then but running it as admin overcomes it. I fully enjoyed it.
,Recommended,247660,24988429,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Mochi,Turn signals and windshield wipers make this game a more realistic driving simulator than forza motorsport or grand turismo. Solid 5/7
,Not Recommended,247660,12662050,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,SpotlesS,"I wanted to say something good about this game but I can't.This game is very bad console port, so bad that without proper fixes it is highly possible that the game won't even start and even if it actually ""works"" there are high chances that it will crash very often. If you will be able to play without crashes there are few more disappointments awaiting; first of all a very dull, badly desingned, clunky, repetitive and boring gameplay straight away from early psx titles. There is basiclly one type of zombie-like enemy and thats it(well there are also 2 dull boss fights and one enemy that crawls on walls but its not worth mentioning). For some reason developers thought that a lot of QTE is good idea(Tip; it's not), so there is also a lot of that. This is my first game in which I liked that there was more cutscenes than actual gameplay. Next thing; graphics. I'm not a graphics fanatic. If game is good it might look like a s**t. This is not the case here. Graphics in this game looks absolutely terrible. Looks like something from early 2002 but it was actually released in 2010! I'm wondering if developers of this game were in hibernation last decade. I'm also wondering how original game looked like if this is ""improved"" version.Ok. Fine. I can deal with terrible graphic. I really do! But there is next thing; very looooong loading times! I dunno how they manged to do this but on my i5 4670k @ 4,4ghz, gtx770, 8gb ram, with ssd drive game can be loading for 1-2minutes! Any other game I have played haven't been loadind as long as this game. Even the newest and most hardware-intensive games can load ten times faster that this...Audio. Usually I don't bother with audio in games but again this game is diffrent. There are like 3 or 4 songs that play in diffrent moments during cutscenes etc. And that wouldn't be bad except often some funny and cheerfull songs are playing while there is some sirious stuff going on, completly broking immersion(if ther is any...). There is also sound-loop bug while driving a car btw.Yes you can drive a car(driving is horrible)!My only motivation for beating this game was story. It was good at first, but later it became average at best.This game is just bad at everything. Good thing I bought it for 2,5€ when it was on sale!"
76561198089052394,Not Recommended,247660,20181682,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,JD Herrera,"Deadly Premonition		* N/ANo Pros Nor Cons For The Game. I won't talk about the game as an experience but as a software. This windows release is Highly bugged, incompatible, unsupported and achievements are almost broken. I wasn't able to go on playing, and it's a pity because it was very interesting...Don't bother buying it, on this platform it's not worthy..."
76561198044392519,Not Recommended,247660,21774655,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Dug,"The game is very enjoyable and it's design is unique. It has flaws, but those flaws bring a type of charm to the game that is very addicting.But the port is so ♥♥♥♥ing bad that it's unplayable. The fps ♥♥♥♥♥ in it's pants in some areas. The controls are bad and have technical difficulties. But the nail in the coffin is the random and sometimes guaranteed crashing. The problem is that working around these crashes are boring and can take a long time. Since there are so many issues with the port it's never clear what causes your game to crash, so you spend a lot of time trying to find the solution on the internet, but I just got tired of it. It's a great game, but I don't think any game is worth this much.You're buying a pig in a poke with this, and I can't recommend that to anyone."
76561198003146259,Recommended,247660,33451955,Posted: 11 July,all,Torgo,"Why does this have a ""mixed"" rating? It's a masterpiece, does no one realise? This is without a doubt the most underrated game on Steam. Even try Googling reviews or look at the Metacritic page and it's all glowing praise, not sure why Steam users have thrown this timeless classic under the bus. Especially ridiculous since this treasure is often on sale for $5 or even $2. Best couple bucks you'll even spend in your life.As for the silly complaints about bugs: these issues are easily fixed with the DPfix mod which takes around 15 seconds to download and install. There are other simple adjustments (disabling Steam overlay and cloud saves, running in compatibility and admin mode) which will make it run flawlessly and beautifully in high res.It's basically a camp, surreal version of Silent Hill 2, except dipped in Twin Peaks references. It's weird and it's good, and there's nothing else out there like it. It's a bit like an art film in video game form and it's rare to see such a wacky premise given the AAA treatment. What's not to love?"
,Recommended,247660,19265739,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,king_ruckus,"I played through this game on the Xbox 360 years ago, the play time listed for this version doesn't reflect that.  Bought this a second time on sale because it's good and I like the developers.When Deadly Premonition released years back, it was slammed by mainstream sites such as IGN for its subpar graphics and archaic controls.  Technically these reviewers pointed out the flaws this game has as a reviewer should, but they missed the magic this game seems to have for the players that love it.For everything this game seems to get passable or ""middling"", there's something that makes you smile.  Driving is boring, but the conversations York has with himself make the long trips you have to take early in the game worth it.  You also do unlock and find better weapons and even some helpful abilities that make going around town easier later in the game.Fans of Twin Peaks will get a more out of Deadly Premonition than other players.  I'll even go so far as to say that this is a must play if you like Twin Peaks.  There are plenty of subtle and not so subtle nods to that short lived television series.  The protagonist loves his coffee.  The town this game is based in feels quite similar to Twin Peaks and has quirky, memorable characters.This was one of my favorite games of 2010.  If it's on sale I strongly recommend giving it a try."
76561198062948220,Recommended,247660,24967322,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,topofthemorning,Zach told me too say how good this game is and how it never crashes and all other reviews are lies. But really yes it crashes but there are work arounds from it. Besides that the story is pretty fun and serious at the same time. The gameplay can get alittle repeative at times but most games are like that these days.
76561198041923683,Recommended,247660,25375784,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Brendor the Endor,"Do you like Twin Peaks?Do you like charmingly weird stories and characters?Are you prepared to take the strangest yet most investing story you've ever seen?If you answered yes to any of these questions, pick this game up immediately."
,Recommended,247660,12792624,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,cool stranger,just a reminder that this is the best game to come out ever
,Not Recommended,247660,11537935,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,netsentry,2/10At first I struggled with the game crashing.  After fixing that I realized that crashing is actually better than playing this game.
76561198046022751,Recommended,247660,13094083,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Sir Gentleman Shark,"Gets paid to shave, still bothers to investigate.10/10Would shave again."
76561198021757575,Recommended,247660,8319315,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Incipit Satan,Its A Good Game..Rminds Me Of The First Silent Hill TheWay The Game Play Is An Old School..Resident Evil On How Slow The Doors Open..An Your Character Zach He Always Has To In Second Person It Gets Old...But It Is A Game To Own Not To DIE For!!!!!!!!
76561198048857994,Recommended,247660,15073550,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Spidey,Worst game i've played in my life. Best game of all time.0/10  10/10You will suffer it like a torture. You will enjoy it like an org*sm.You will NEVER forget it.Don't ask. Just play it.
76561198027265213,Not Recommended,247660,31427105,Posted: 28 April,all,Babbleplay,"Crashes on startup. Looked online, tried a few advisores; no go."
,Not Recommended,247660,24082638,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ColdLegion,Good game IF you can get it to work which i cant
,Recommended,247660,13459776,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Zipper Pussy,I give it a solid 420 out of 10.
,Not Recommended,247660,8840757,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Kaedal,"All I can say is: Stay away from this game. It's the single most broken, poorly constructed amateurish piece of technological garbage I have ever witnessed in my entire life.If you're fortunate enough to get past the confusing launcher(that has absolutely no technical options whatsoever, restricting you to a control configuration screen that thinks 1 and 2 are ""RT"" and ""LT""), you get to enjoy the seemingly 9 in 10 chance of encountering a crash before you even see the main character on screen.Should you, against all odds, actually get to a fairly playable place in the game, you'll find that something as simple as drawing your weapon... Drops your FPS to about 15-20. If you can deal with that, good. But the game doesn't stop there.I was unable to get past the first time the ""Profiling"" prompt appeared. Why? Because the game encountered a runtime error. Really.And while I realise many will say ""Oh, but Durante's fix will fix all this!"", that's a blatant lie. DPFix is snake oil and causes more issues than it fixes. Running DPFix, I was getting several graphical glitches as well as several crashes.I'll continue trying to get this functional, but this does not bode well."
76561198025501833,Not Recommended,247660,34383549,Posted: 20 August,all,Nymeria,"completely unplayable. getting the game to even run is harder than anything in the game, or any game tbh."
76561198017258573,Recommended,247660,7743423,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Necroluster,This game is so bad that it is good. Just buy it for the most akward experience ever on PC ever. Just buy it.
,Recommended,247660,12632938,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Tekkhi,Prime candidate for autism. 10/10
,Not Recommended,247660,21158101,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Bluegoon,"It's Twin Peaks, but terrible."
,Recommended,247660,12642950,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Zed Clampet,"The game works fine for me following these instructions from the forums:1 - Go to your DP game directory: right click on the game in your Steam Library - properties - Local Files - Browse local files2 - Launch the ""PhysX_SystemSoftware.msi"" file in the ""redist"" directory and execute the Uninstall process3 - Re-launch the ""PhysX_SystemSoftware.msi"" to install it.4 - Now launch the ""PDLauncher.exe"" as Administrator.As for the game itself, the gameplay seems smooth though not entirely intuitive.  I tried playing with both the controller and the keyboard/mouse, and definitely recommend the keyboard/mouse.  The story seems fleshed out so far, but I will review all this later after I get more hours into the game.  I just wanted to put the game fix into a review fairly quickly since the game is available for a sizeable discount right now:  $2.49"
,Recommended,247660,12623919,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,The Twisted Light,"I play this game on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptop, have no crashes and stable FPS, guess you have to tune in with the mood of the game even IRL.Game itself is weird, but interesting so far. Controls could be better, just don't play on keyboard.All around 8/10 so far, guess in the end will be 11/coffee"
76561198193524682,Not Recommended,247660,22598034,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,SavageRaijin,Waste of Money.
,Not Recommended,247660,24741292,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Mechatom,Crash to desktop all the time. Can't even play the game. Useless port.
,Recommended,247660,8365491,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,fatberg,GOTY 19xx-20xx
,Recommended,247660,13896249,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,FalloutBoi,Best Crashing Simulator Ever
,Not Recommended,247660,26344551,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Don John,"Recipe:3 Parts mediocre Twin Peaks rip off (that's high praise for a Twin Peaks rip off, most don't even qualify as mediocre)1 Part Silent HillA pinch of Resident Evil 4 (NO, NO, YOU GRABBED CHRIS' SECTION FROM RE6 YOU FOOL!!!!!!!)Enough bugs and glitches to make the game almost need to be called Deadly Premonition UnityAnd just a touch of Red Dead Redemption near the endHonestly, I enjoyed 90% of this game, but no game made in 2013 should need to be run in Windows 98 Compatibility Mode if you want to beat the final boss (who, by the way, is so completely out of place from the rest of this game that it's half the reason I'm not recommending it).  I had to spend most of the time in XP Compatibility, but that still crashed occasionally and prevents you from aiming up and down properly which is needed rarely, but when it's needed it's needed.  When it was crashing or aiming was required I switched to 98 which had enough load times that my hair turned grey.  Occassional... dungeons?... are full of QTE which is thankfully only in those specific chase sequemces.  The driving of any car faster than the free cop car involves spinning 360 degrees if you hit a pebble as 90% of vehicles handle like turbo charged bath tubs.On the other handle, I liked the story and characters.  Once I finished with the atrocious final boss I went back and finished all the side quests to learn more about the citizens of Greenvale (hence my 56+ hours of play).  Of course, a bug involving quest items and replaying missions caused me to have to restart the entire game to get the second last achievement and the last one won't unlock despite patch notes saying the issue was fixed.  If you've got the patience and the weird mind this game aims for, by all means play it.  I just can't recommend it with a clear conscience without warning you first."
,Recommended,247660,8737454,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Rammsteniako,Wow.... This game is really REALLY AMAZING... I recommend it ! 100%!-Please use the DPfix (lastest release) **Dont overdo with the graphical options or it will crash ALOT**-ALWAYS run it as Administrator!It never crashed on me10/10! I love it!
76561198009587568,Not Recommended,247660,15011928,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Emperor,"This is one of the worst game I have ever played. Once you're actually able to run it(you'll probably have to google a fix like I did) be prepared... bad gfx, bad voice acting, bad story, bad controls, bad gameplay. Don't buy it, even if it's on special."
,Recommended,247660,12740825,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Sterf,Thebest game.
,Not Recommended,247660,22754085,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,bureddokuramu,it doesn't play
,Recommended,247660,33349293,Posted: 7 July,all,viral💤,Twin Peaks the game.
,Not Recommended,247660,28788471,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,huskobon,"I couldn't. I tried so hard. This port is terrible and crashes all the time! You need to even fix the compatibility settings to XP just to get it to run, and STILL it will crash!   After getting so far, with no save point and the game crashed, I couldn't take it anymore. This port is garbage!"
,Recommended,247660,19459123,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,CannonFodder,"Legendary game.Twin Peaks, if interpreted by an unrestricted Japanese developer.It’s a mystery-adventure game, not exactly a horror title. I'd say it shares more with Shenmue than Silent Hill. The cast of the game and their interactions provide for some of the most memorable game moments. Unfortunately gameplay, in terms of combat, lacks polish and will be considered abysmal by some.If you want something different, a game that provides something far from Ubisoft's triple-a game dispenser products, give this one a shot. (The definitive version is the Xbox 360 version)My favorite game of all time. My comfy game."
,Not Recommended,247660,28927447,Posted: 1 January,all,Got a Light ?,"this game is broken af, doesnt even start, when it does it doesnt work in fullscreen mode and if u go to the actual game u gonna get 7 fps lol. Just get this game from torrents .. Cant believe that they ask 20 quids for this piece of broken♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,247660,14988284,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Cranium Examination Specialist,"It's so good, the chipmunks make monkey noises.What's even better is, you can even turn the graphics up to...Oh wait.Nevermind.IGN RATES: 10/10"
,Recommended,247660,11555419,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Superscooter,"Probably one the most abysmal PC ports ever made (even worse than the Dark Souls port), although it varies between PC's in how it performs. First half of the game gave me random crashes, second half would slow down gradually the more new areas I loaded into.But this game is amazing. It's amazing amazing. You must remember or heard of Destructoid's Jim Sterling giving it a perfect 10/10? Yeah, I don't like him either, but now that I have gone back and read his review, it makes perfect sense. Also, if you love Twin Peaks, you can't help but fall in love with this game either. Not only does Deadly Premonition have an excellent soundtrack, story, and characters that just feel so real, natural and quirky, but it doesn't forget itself as being extremely videogamey in every sense of the word or feeling, however you want to interpret that. The only cons I can think of would be the possible issues (or no issues) you might have with the port, the game looking like it released late Xbox generation, and mediocre filler shooting sections."
76561197977309333,Recommended,247660,13040125,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Planemo,"Simply a masterpiece! The story keeps you playing this game, no matter how bad the controls and graphics are."
76561198069014297,Recommended,247660,12676303,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Brother Ezeekiel,"Yo this game is weird, I love it"
,Recommended,247660,12755674,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Hiddy Kojimmy,"Essentially the Twin Peaks video game, but I'm sure not complaining. Deadly Premonition is a stylish and unique gaming experience, and definitely worth its status as a cult game. My only complaint is the fixed graphic setting and the limited number of control/performance tweaks in-game (settings can only really be adjusted in the launcher), but otherwise a must play."
,Recommended,247660,13574043,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,CornThatLefty,"It was great up until it broke 2 hours in. Horrible port. If you can manage to somehow get past the bugs, including the game crashing and freezing for no reason, and halting progress, then buy it."
76561198151758728,Not Recommended,247660,13733435,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,LordInnsmouth,"I really wish there was a shrug icon when reviewing games.  On the one hand, I am enjoying this, on the other, there are way too many cutscenes!   It almost seems like take three steps forward, watch a cutscene, etc.  The controls feel very awkward at the start.  Unlike a lot of other players, I'm not having problems with CTD or FPS drops, so I can't complain about that."
76561198029588934,Not Recommended,247660,14397033,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,KillySG10,"I would not reccomend this game to anyone, the story seems intruiging, gameplay is passable, graphics are passable, but it just SO incredibly badly made, its just a pure miracle if you get the damn thing to work, and even if you do, its beyond impossible to expect it to work well for any decent length of time.I dont care how good, how unique, how interesting a game may be, when its such an incredible hassle to get the thing working, and then, to have it stay working long enough for you to actually play it, its just not worth the price or the time, i wouldnt accept this♥♥♥♥♥♥from an early access game, let alone a full price retail release (i bought it in a sale, and still think its a waste), it just shows incredibly sloppy work, and arrogance on the devs part, to expect people to pay for a game which they couldnt even make playable unless you fix it yourself (or durante fixes it for you).Long story short, your better off not wasting your money or time on a game that takes blind luck for it to even work for you with or without the community fixes."
,Not Recommended,247660,13961278,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Domuzbaz,It was funny game but optimization was pretty bad and eventually made it unbearable
76561198044439923,Recommended,247660,8711293,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,=EBS= Vichand,"Deadly Premonition is a very mixed bag. If you enjoy a good narrative, like I do, this game certainly delivers. The story is very reminiscent of Twin Peaks, but not so much that it seems unoriginal. The narrative is engaging, and the voice acting is good, but the graphics do sometimes create unwanted comedy. The graphics are strong PS2 quality, so they are perfectly acceptable. The real problems with this game arise from the mechanics. While the mechanics on foot are similar to the mechanics used in Resident Evil, and Silent Hill games, the driving mechanics can make the game a chore to play. While there are some nice immersive elements in the cars, like wipers, the driving can get very irritating due to the floaty controls. The cars feel like they have no mass, and fly across the road very easily, with the exception of the police cruiser which has the best controls out of all the vehicles I have tested, and in case of collision the cars stop with no momentum.Deadly premonition delivers a great story with good voice acting, and it clocked in at 16 hours on my first playthrough on the ps3. If you can deal with the shortcomings of the mechanics, I heartily recommend this game for all fans of mystery and horror."
76561198018539628,Recommended,247660,11618056,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Inux Peace Walker,"This game aint for everyone, the shooting is clunky and easy, the camera can be annoying at times, the game crashes (and needs to be played as Admin, if you want to get past the part) and the graphics look worse then an early Xbox 360/PS3 game. That all said, the game is amazing. The story, the characters and the dialog make the game what it is. Its a special kinda game that cant really be said why its so great, you have to play it yourself. 10/10 we need more games like this."
,Not Recommended,247660,33227321,Posted: 4 July,all,Gargoyle,Doesn't work. Broken product.
,Recommended,247660,13630499,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Dravvad,"This game is likely one of my favorites that I have played within the last couple of years. There are many flaws in the game engine which vary from person to person, but the game was good enough for me to want to push past them. Once I got into the game a bit, terrible things like frame-rate drops stopped happening, and the main bugs were just the physics engine.As a safety note, as with anything, BACK UP YOUR SAVES. I never had any problem, but many people complain of losing progress or having things disappear after having collected them, so keep backups.Onto the game elements...+ Awesome story. It is a bit weird and out there as you get further into the game, but it kept me intrigued the whole way. I love games like Silent Hill, but even if you don't like those, try the game. It's not as crazily demonic as those. A very interesting mystery to keep you guessing.+ The graphics were still pretty good, except for the glitches. I liked the style.+ The voice acting was pretty well-done, and I liked most of the characters overall. They had their own interesting pieces to them (oh man, that Cold Pot lady).- The gameplay, altogether, is actually a letdown, though wanting to see the town and the story held everything together for me. Most of the fighting ""monsters"" was rather pointless and unnecessary, and just got boring after a while. It makes sense for things like Silent Hill and Resident Evil, and it's usually done in a way where it's not too boring or you can escape if necessary. Here, the fighting is just boring, one-by-one, often forcing you to empty rooms before you can move on.I still think that the game altogether was great, just getting past the glitches took a while. If you are looking for an off-the-wall, but really interesting, action/drama game, just look into this one."
76561198073228029,Recommended,247660,16412263,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Major Evans,"""Twin Peaks The Game""."
,Not Recommended,247660,31866709,Posted: 20 May,all,alanmarchman,"Ever own a game that's so bad that you don't even want to turn it on and let it run for the trading cards? Well, here's a good example."
76561198079454624,Recommended,247660,31465682,Posted: 30 April,all,Quinton Starbanger The IV,It's very difficult to get working and crashes a lot but ya know otherwise great.
,Not Recommended,247660,35326568,Posted: 30 September,all,Mr. Cree,"Game Review:Deadly PremonitionThe PC port was bad and buggy. The graphics looks like they were from a launch title on the PS2. The cutscenes were long and way too drawn out. The gunplay was acceptable, it heavily reminded me of Resident Evil 4. The story was hard to follow. The characters were weird and quirky as hell. The driving segments were so boring.I really wanted to like this game because I heard it was a bit of a cult classic. I just couldn't do it. I tried for 3 hours and I just wasn't having any fun.Verdict: 4/10"
76561198079747447,Recommended,247660,13581076,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,*AutisticScreeching*,"Deadly Premonition is a very strange game. It's a ""so bad its good game"" and a good game at the same time. To explain; the fighting mechanics, graphics, and driving sections are horribly bad but their so bad that their funny. I never laughed so hard at a game. The standard enemy walks at you backward in an almost crab walk and when you shoot them purple blood comes out. There are a lot of funnier stuff then that but I won't spoiler it. On to the good parts, this game has a amazing story line, likable characters, one of the most epic soundtrack in any game (look up ""deadly premonition life is beautiful"") and it is truly unpredictable. This is rare in a game. This game is a one of the only ""cult classic"" games this generation. If you only want to play for gameplay this game isn't for you but if you want a unique, funny, crazy experience. Buy deadly premonition."
76561197997201216,Recommended,247660,15001291,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,KamikazeInc,Don't buy this game if you like coffe and smoke cigarettes! It may triple your consumption!Oh wait..it's on sale! You save 22 bucks! That's enough to compansate!Buy it!Now!Enough said!Need a coffe and cigarette now!Zach is back!
,Recommended,247660,21141366,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Wide Anus Tim,The most delicious trash.
76561198038388920,Recommended,247660,12654276,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Conan,Definitely recommended for Silent Hill and Twin Peaks fans!! :) scary as hell with good storyline!
76561198048908940,Recommended,247660,12665243,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Rile Slapcheek,♥♥♥♥ing christ i need to finish this magnificent game.
,Recommended,247660,12729007,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Fhyber,"This game is amazing in many ways, the game play in general can be kind of lousy but the story and setting and characters, they're quite amazing (and made by a clearly crazy person)."
,Recommended,247660,28028969,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Highwater Trousers,"Without spoiling the game and giving away what makes this so special, I will simply say that Deadly Premonition is one of the most underrated and brilliant video games ever created.  Full applause and credit to the one and only Swery65 for making a game that despite it's major shortcomings (controls, graphics, PC optimization) is the most engrossing and intelligent games out there.  And again without spoiling anything, has the best twist in a story that proves just how important the video game medium is.If you're even remotely interested in this game, just pick it up.  Especially at such a cheap price ($2.49 as of this review), you'll be getting a game that you can sink hours into playing and days upon days discussing with your friends.  Just be sure to look up some of the user made patches like DPFix to get the most out of the game."
,Not Recommended,247660,25162483,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Silence,"This game seemed like a lot of fun and from what I was able to play, it was fun. But you simply cannot play the PC version of this game at all because of just how broken it is. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME ON PC, even if its on sale for $0.99! Get the console version and play it that way.The problem isn't that the game is not fun, its that its so broken you cannot play it unless you somehow got lucky and avoided the bugs. You have to go out and find a ton of fixes to get it to run, jumping through many hoops and reading a ton of instructions and forum posts in the hopes that your specific issue can be resolved. Normally, ports to the PC can have those problems, but in this case its so bad that even after all the fixes, the game still manages to be broken. Freezes, black screens, CTD, all of these things can occur at any time even after the fixes. Not to mention, this port does not support higher screen resolutions and has a ton of framerate issues. Good luck playing this game. The worst part is that I can't even rate this game for its game play or visuals due to how broken it really is.Again, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME ON PC! If you want to play the game, simply buy it on PS3/XBOX360 or get an emulator and play it that way as that is literally the only way this game will ever be played. Rising Star Games should take responsibility and fix their PC port for this game so that we don't have all these problems that require a ton of community fixes just to play part of the game and it still doesn't work. However, that is highly unlikely since Rising Star Games has refused to do anything to address the issues with their game since it was released on Steam and will most likely not fix it. This is a bad port, stay away and do not give them money for not doing their due diligence on porting a game."
,Recommended,247660,12714806,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Sparda,The best game ever created.
76561198143980932,Not Recommended,247660,12768156,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,sailorboy999,"This is probably my favourite game ever.This is also the worst port I have ever played.For a few hours, I thought I was safe from the horrors of the port. I followed recommended fixes, ran it in compatability mode and the like, but it randomly - in full screen mode - being windowed with the rest of the screen black. Then it started crashing, randomly - in the middle of a cutscene, in the middle of a level, in the map screen.I paid 2.49 for this and it isn't worth it.It really is unplayable.Treat yourself and get the XBOX360 version - that I have played through, and yeah, the controls are clunky, but they're clunky no matter what version you play. The XBOX360 version works. I'm planning (when PS3's come down in price) to get the director's cut for the PS3.Anyway, in terms of the game, this is one of my favourite things ever. Having ran through the game the first playthrough, I'm doing all of the sidequests this time. It is a wonderful, quirky, interesting, strange game. Get it on console and enjoy."
,Recommended,247660,12663043,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,MD Goyst,"DEAL WITH THE LAG BUILDUP, RESTART GAME AFTER EVERY 5 SAVES; DOESNT TAKE LONG, YOU CAN LAUGH FOR 5 MINUTES OFF ANY GIVEN MOMENT OF THE GAME WHILE YOU WAIT FOR IT TO START UP OK  10/10 I CANT STOP♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198124513561,Recommended,247660,12658161,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Zevyn Kuran,"Definitely recommend this game! Its a remnant of the golden era of games IMO from 1997-early 00's. The setting and atmosphere is beautiful and the musical score is pretty good as well! I've played a few hours and I am already hooked. Its a true gem, must have game. I have not experienced any glitches or bugs as posted in earlier posts maybe they already have been fixed. At first I could not get the game  to start until I read in a post here on steam to go into the game folder and into the ""redist"" folder from there look for ""PhysX_SystemSoftware"" file, double click on it and pick the ""repair"" option. This will make it playable. The graphics are superb for its age and the music is amazing, combined with the detailed setting, set the mood just right for the interesting storyline."
,Recommended,247660,12664583,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Hopscotch Lenny,"If there was a reward for Controls Worse than a Car with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ for Wheels, then this game would have a shelf dedicated to it. Seriously invest in a controller for this game.The game at its base is bad. Like, really bad. There's a major issue with the game that prevents it from even launching 90% of the time and the game is stuck in a windowed view with no way to change it. There aren't even any graphical settings that you can change.That aside, the game is still enjoyable. It's one of those gems that's so bad it's good.Also, here's a link to a mod that lets you change the graphical settings, window view bs, and fix most if not all launch failure issues:http://blog.metaclassofnil.com/?p=438"
,Not Recommended,247660,22368624,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,At Sam's,"After trying everything, I still can't get the game to work, which is a shame. I'd recommend buying the console game, as the PC Port is beyond broken and a patch to fix the issues seems out of reach. My only consolation is the soundtrack, that alone was worth the couple dollars I paid during the sale."
,Recommended,247660,12704617,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Saytuna,So good and cheap
,Not Recommended,247660,19964107,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Mac Maverick,"The game itself is great, but playing the PC port was one of the worst gaming experiences I've my life. THIS GAME IS BROKEN DO NOT BUY IT.Right off the bat the game had problems. It would crash upon starting, and had to be trouble shooted to even work. Once I got the game working, it would periodically crash. At its worst point, I had to download a save file from someone else that was past a crash point just to continue the game.Here are some of the fun things I did during the course of this game-download a fan made patch to ""fix"" things-Run the game in older windows compatability modes to get past crashes-switch the game to windowed mode to get past crashes-lower the resolution to get past crashes-download save files that are past crash points-dig through the game files and repair files in hopes it stops crashes-turn off steam overlay to stop crashes-ask on forums how to get past crashes at specific pointsI couldn't even finish the game.  I someone made it all the way to the epilogue and hit another crash wall. At this point I couldn't take it anymore and just watched the ending on Youtube.I tweeted the creator of the game, and he replied that he had nothing to do with the PC port and that its the PC development company's fault. I tweeted the development company and they told me there is nothing they can do because they don't have a development team for Deadly Premonition anymore.It sucks because the actual game itself is great & unique. Do yourself a favor and get the Xbox 360 or PS3 version instead."
,Recommended,247660,12827964,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Filo,"Despite of the terrible porting, still remain a must have game. Especially if you love Twin Peaks atmosphere."
,Recommended,247660,13169615,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,GRRRR,"What a port. Theres a german saying ""Verschlimmbessert"" which unfortunately cant be translated. Disimprove?Gave this another try since i finally got me an xbox controller for my pc (keyboard+mouse controls like♥♥♥♥♥ and they switched the controls around and actually made em worse. Great.Then the ""HD"" treatment. Some assets (mainly UI) got retouched (looking worse but thats a matter of personal taste i guess) and slapped together with old stuff making for nice eye biting contrast. Some of the 3D Models for the inventory items got a shiny slime filter or something tossed onto them. The resolution is higher but the textures are the same resulting in highres blurryness. Amazing. The original wasnt a graphical marvel but at least consistent.Additionally the game seems a litte too fast which actually managed to make me a little nauseous. Last game that did that was Starfox on SNES. Audio is still messed up. Nice shot.The Thumbs up is for Deadly Premonition and that people who never ever plan on buying a Xbox360 ever ever (its cheap now and theres alot of other pretty good games...) have a chance of experiencing it - even in the warped form of this suboptimal port."
,Recommended,247660,14894245,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,caelumsixsmith,"TERRIBLY AWFUL, SURPRISINGLY GOODFirst impression of Deadly Premonition? Awful graphics, weird physics and models and confusing story. After getting past the prologue, however, it all makes sense. Getting into this weird game thinking it's going to be an amazing investigation title with interesting horror elements can get you very disappointed, but if you understand it's actually a parody and can enjoy it for that, then don't hesitate to dive into this bizarre adventure! And I don't really think there's much else to be said, only that if you keep an open mind you're in for a good time.ProsHigh comic valueInteresting charactersPlot can get curious after you understand it's not all seriousGameplay can be a little odd at first, but it's really easy to get used to itPlays nicely with a controllerPossible to invert both X and Y axes of the cameraDespite port issues, it runs smoothly on a medium rig and enhanced with CCCConsTerrible port:Locked at 720pNo graphic optionsOutdated graphics and physicsMenus might be confusing at firstNo real explanation to the hunger and fatigue systemsJokes might not be for everyone / not everyone might understand themA note on the graphics and DPFix:The game would not open with DPFix installed. I don't know if that's because the original (and only copy of the fix I could find on Durante's blog) release of it has also a fix for the controller support (and the current version on Steam has native controller support) or what, but it would simply not work at all. Maybe Durante has to fix this, maybe it's a problem with the current version of the game, but either way making the fix work won't be so easy as others released by Durante."
,Not Recommended,247660,15821904,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,LannisterCrimson,"It's ugly, it's got not no graphics options (stuck at 720p, though there are fanmade fixes), it plays terribly, features average voice acting and is a poor Twin Peaks knockoff. Grab on sale if you're morbidly curious.3/10"
76561197970447700,Recommended,247660,25504930,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,oneclipleft,"I seem to be one of the lucky few who has not experienced a crash or problem of any kind while playing this wonderfully strange game. The game itself is amazing in its unique way if you can get it to run. I highly recommend it as it's a game that exists in a class all its own. The characters are odd, different from one another, genuine, and full of quirk and personality. The story is intriguing and the music helps heighten the drama and mystery. It's like a really great, really strange TV show that you get to play through. Even the bad parts like the driving mechanics are enjoyable. It really feels like you're in a small town living the life of an eccentric FBI investigator. So, as long as you can get it to run properly, you're in for the weirdest treat available in gaming that I know of. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,247660,25023458,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Minato Kageaki,is it a game or a film?stop talking about gameplay and enjoy the atmosphere.
76561198015312779,Recommended,247660,14705539,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Matchface,You play as an autistic detective in this game.
,Recommended,247660,20741037,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Young Pickle Sheldon Rick,10/10I heard York talk about Jaws about 50 timesNothing compares
76561198006432208,Not Recommended,247660,24749052,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Abdelhazred,This isn't a game. This isn't even a beta-test. This is a crashy mess I got gyped into purchasing.Really ♥♥♥♥ing sick of fixing developers issues. Unless you feel like fixing some script DO NOT PURCHASE.
76561198137431337,Recommended,247660,32919072,Posted: 28 June,all,Netflix N' Pill Cosby,A classic game! You will be sure to wonder wtf is going on as you play through the game talking to weird and quirky characters. The aim is kind of clunky but it still works decently. Overall a good game for its price and you should definitely purchase this classic.
,Not Recommended,247660,33047505,Posted: 30 June,all,Brittypop,Can't even finish chapter 1 as it bugs out and i have to restart my computer.
76561198209168836,Not Recommended,247660,15033323,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,nataliebarrett34,"Worst game I have ever played!  I am a big fan of mystery/adventure games and this game and controls were absolutley awful and half the time couldn't even make out where I was going and kept bumping into nothing. The ""ghost"" at the beginning was laughable and reminded me of something out of the grudge. I did not even finish this game and turned it off after 5 minutes of playing as I was fed up and bored. Sorry but if you are a fan of adventure games like me , I do not recommend this game as it will be a big disappointment. I want a refund even if was £1.99"
,Recommended,247660,30478401,Posted: 12 March,all,SuperAyzeek,Super!
,Recommended,247660,28817852,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Cross,this is a steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ you should totally play it and get laughs out of it like i did.
,Not Recommended,247660,23730453,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Creikord,"The port is horrible, I can't play the video game because, in a determinate moment, the game will not let me play more. Fantastic...I really wanted play to Deadly Premonition but currently is imposible."
,Not Recommended,247660,23846646,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Niyaru Delacroix,I don't know if its the graphics or controls for keyboard but I can't believe I paid for this game. I thought I was going to like it when I got it but am so disappointed and dare I say it even a little frustrated. I wanted so much from this game but in no time at all ended up uninstalling it. WASD are standard movement controls but the other controls are just not for me. If you want / can aim with left ctrl and space bar among other things then get this game.
,Not Recommended,247660,25815614,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,DEATH,This game does not work on modern PC's. Will crash on launch. There are a few things I did to get over that but when I finally got into the game the framerate was completely unplayable and controls barely responded. Really disapointing. Another port failure.
,Recommended,247660,29322841,Posted: 17 January,all,that ice guy,don't even launch
76561198022738725,Recommended,247660,29795203,Posted: 8 February,all,Mister 74,I was literally crying when it ended11/10
76561197970745594,Not Recommended,247660,18840140,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,everwidening,DONT BUY THIS GAME...IT DOESNT WORK FOR MOST ANYBODY...STEAM IS A BUNCH OF ♥♥♥♥♥UCKERS FOR STILL SELLING IT...
76561198047232755,Not Recommended,247660,19401458,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,c y r u s  t h e  v i r u s ☠,"You can't really fully enjoy the game when the crashes keep you from progressing. Yes, there are a lot of them."
76561198030336827,Recommended,247660,9273889,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,A Literate Stonemason,This is a pretty neat game.
,Recommended,247660,9465496,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,ＨＥＹ　ＷＡＳＳＨＩ,"This game. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's just like one of my mystery Chinese visual novels, except in America.i cant click the yes button enough"
76561198072331359,Recommended,247660,9639241,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,ryanlegend95,"I'm a weird individual and this is a weird game. So the two of us got on like a house on fire. Due to the low budget, the gameplay mechanics, graphic and sound aren't all that refined. Despite all that this game has charm and a lot of it. Its twin peak setting is pretty unique and there is lots to do in this open world survival horror. In fact this is the first true open world survival horror game I can think of (Silent Hill doesn't count). Despite the simple gameplay mechanics it does play like resident evil 4  with its over the shoulder gunplay. While the controls really need sorting out, the game is still fun to play. However while the Xbox 360 and PS3 versions have a few glitches, this PC port has lots. There is nothing game breaking but you will find a lot of missing textures, frame rate problem and sometimes mechanical problems like the controller not being responsive. This is best played with mouse and keyboard because the controller controls are clunky and are pretty much broken for the most part.Despite all its flaws I had a hell of a time playing this. There is a reason why I have bought this on every platform and that reason is because of its originality. Swery65 is basically suda 51 and Hideo kojima as one. He has a vision that only Suda 51 can understand and he has the ambition of Hideo Kojima. He is pretty much the perfect developer and D4 looks like it will kick the walking dead's♥♥♥♥♥♥I hope the will be a sequel or a prequel so that I can witness this experience again."
76561198029455689,Not Recommended,247660,8922774,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,mrius,Never able to play. Many problems for most users. Check forums before you decide to spend your money.
,Recommended,247660,9113259,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Howlin' Mad,"Though for some reason I get terrible frames in this game (not optimized still?), I can't not recommend this game to fans of old Sega Dreamcast openworld adventure/mystery games (Shenmue, Blue Stinger, etc.). The music along with the dialogue is GOLD, if you're into more surreal, awkward humor. This game has gotten me to watch Twin Peaks, which I had previously refused to do, it's that infectious. Deadly Premonition certainly isn't for everyone and needs a special kind of eye to appreciate everything it has going for it. 9/10"
,Recommended,247660,9800011,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Wakkachikka,"Bad console port game with some crash problems. But crazy plot and funny dialogues makes this game weird enough to get interested. Also, Twin Peaks references."
,Recommended,247660,9091669,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,The Shameless One,"To everyone taggining bad PC port: DSfix fixes a lot of the resolution woes. And all console ports should be played with a controller anyway.COOL GAME, ISN'T THAT RIGHT, ZACH!?"
76561198078084409,Recommended,247660,9423733,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,broliverparker,If you can get past the PS2 graphics/gameplay there is a great story line with amazing characters. One of the best games I've played in a while.
,Recommended,247660,9093953,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Jolsson,"""Do you feel it, Zach? My coffee warned me about it."""
,Recommended,247660,8940664,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,satisfied shower,8/10Played this first on the Xbox. A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game with a fantastic story. If you can suffer through the horrible driving an medieval graphics for a truly rewarding mystery this game is for you.
,Not Recommended,247660,8947751,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Dros Hyrozan,"Honestly this game is Terrible, it's a stark reminder of the bad side PS2 era, it looks like a bad PS2 game it playes like a bad PS2 game. Just a reminder this is a 2010 release and LOOKS LIKE IT CAME FROM 2003. The facial animation for each character is just so horribly done its a joke. The developer thought it would be fun to lock the resolution so its stuck in 720p, had to go and install a 3rd party fix just to get it to run properly in the correct resolution. Then when it does get going it crashes every 15 mins, or freezes on the pause menu requiring you to restart your progress from the last save point which are few and far in between out in the town. Lets talk a moment abou the HORRIBLE town design, I finished a story mission to be told that I have more then 12 hours til the next mission, so does the game give you some directions on where to go to sleep/pass time? NO, it gives you a marker to that mission and keeps telling you to come back, so in order to get to the mission I have to drive half way across town to the only sleeping bag not behind locked doors over half my cars gas. Oh did I forget to mention that? Cars have gas, so if you didnt do what I did after about an hour of searching for the sleeping bag and look it up online, you'll run out of gas and be screwed. The Enemies are a complete joke they are ALL ""ghosts"" that do nothing but bend over backwards like a haunted yoga instructer, never actually doing much besides walking slower than the earth turns towards you. They do get weapons but then all the do is just hold them up to thier faces and again never actually do anything. All in all dont waste your time, the game is terrible, the plot works mostly but the game is so horrible broken and terrible that you'll never want to get past the second case with out uninstalling it. 1/10"
76561197963872051,Recommended,247660,9242745,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,mastapoo,"THESE PPL DONT KNOW ABOUT DEADLY PREMONITION,  HOW WE GONNA TEACH EM TO GET THIS GAME ZACH????This game is really good, with the exception of the random crashes/game freezing. The characters, score and story is really memorable."
,Recommended,247660,10134378,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Blooming Onion,Perfection
76561198009289946,Recommended,247660,10292781,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Gette,You may think when you see this game is just a crappy game. But if you dig deeper and play the game you will find out that the game has an amazing story. If you ignore the combat and the driving and graphics you will find an amazing game.
,Recommended,247660,10298294,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Fer82,"Install DPfix, get the FMV cutscenes working with the K-lite codec pack, then pray it won't crash all the time, and save often.Fantastic David Lynch-esque story with deep characters, unlike anything you've ever played. 10/10"
76561198025837749,Recommended,247660,10466466,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,bhos13,"One of the best games and most immersive experiences I have ever had. This game turned me into a gamer almost as much as the finalfantasy series did. Do not shy away from its first half hour...give it the full solid hour, and I gurantee you wont regret it."
,Recommended,247660,10550445,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Boitano,"Probably the greatest story ever told. And by told I mean straight ripped of of Twin Peaks. But still great. The humor is quirky, the characters are memorable. The gameplay leaves a little something to be desired, but most of the issues from the original version have been fixed. Play it once, love it forever. An eternal favorite."
,Recommended,247660,10554568,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Daniel,Twin Peaks: The Video Game
76561198009404365,Recommended,247660,10583014,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Wookiee,I cried 20 minutes at the end. 10/10
,Recommended,247660,10609652,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Echidnite,Clear as a crisp spring morning
76561198080270239,Not Recommended,247660,11145377,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,GetOffWelfare,"First off....NO ONE is able to play this game right after downloading it from Steam. Some can get it to work after just tweaking compatibility mode to windows 98 BUT MOST have to download a THIRD PARTY FIX (how sad is that) called DPFIX to get this game to work. Guess what?!?!??!?!? Even if you do that.....the game just might not work lol....yup that is correct. Guess where I fall in that group. After following 10+ threads/tips on how to possibly fix it, and dling dpfix and following multiple videos how to get it to work...yup not happening. Sorry, but i don't even blame the developers I have to blame Steam for this. I mean devs are gonna be money hungry and poop out♥♥♥♥♥♥products that are half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥developed it's expected. Steam, by allowing them to put these games on Steam, are not only giving themselves a bad name, but insulting their customers. We should be able to trust Steam to at least make sure games are PLAYABLE.....crappy maybe....but playable w/o these crazy fixes."
,Recommended,247660,11202426,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,SnAkE,"Absolutely terrible port! No graphic option, not even resolution.It has a crashed a lot of times for me.As a game I have mixedfeelings.First impression was a low budget game with terrible writing and voice acting, yet for some reason I kept playing.The story got somewhat interesting and made me wanna see the ending.Halfway through the game the story just takes a turn for freaking weird. It's a shame cause it had could have been a very interresing story.On the gameplay side there are a lot of things wrong with the game.The driving for one is abysmal, you would have more luck driving concrete then cars in this game.The shooting is a bit so so but entertaining enough.There are a lot of sidemissions which are basicly all very short and very boring.The writing of some of the dialogue can be absolutely terrible, whilst the writing of the main story is not to bad.Oh and make no mistake this is not a horror game not by a long shot!It's more of a murder mystery game, yet it's so weird it's hard to follow what is actually going on.Still even in all it's flaws I would recommend trying it.6/10"
,Recommended,247660,10261882,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Demonlord,72%
,Recommended,247660,10292864,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,HeirOfTheMoon,Funny and quirky all of the way through.
,Recommended,247660,10535019,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Steven Lazzaro,Just the best.
76561198080290592,Recommended,247660,10642493,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,The Fake Macoy,"Definitely one of the most unique games:Deadly is a game that despite its many flaws, is worth playing.  As many other people have said, it's so bad, it's good.  The plot is bizarre, with odd twists and turns, though it does borrow heavily from Twin Peaks.  However, it actually comes together quite nicely in the end and is certainly one of the most memorable I've seen in years.  The gameplay reminds me of Majora's Mask, with the variety of side-quests that depend on the time of day.Admittedly the gameplay can be cumbersome, and some of the side-quests are way more frustrating than they should be because of it.  Also, there are a number of technical difficulties (I've died a few times by falling through the floor).  However, if you can get past those annoyances, it's a game that is worth your time."
,Recommended,247660,11096495,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Dr. Butt  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"absolutely fantastic.Everything about this game walks a fine line of self awareness. Things don't always make sense at first, but it pays off by the end.I recommend playing it with a controller, it makes combat much much easier. This game has a reputation as a so bad it's good game. Strangely, by the end it became a just good game. York is a magnificently engaging character, and all the supporting cast is various levels of endearing. It's wonderful.Be sure to do all the side missions! Just doing the quest is okay but there's a lot of payoff by helping the towns people."
,Recommended,247660,10848715,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,SirRigorMortis,"Gloriously terrible, I had a great deal of fun with this game due to the campy and strange humor that is thrown about in the game. I got hooked on it very early into the game but felt a little let down by the ending, this isn't a game for everyone and it's replay value is very minimal."
76561197985491761,Not Recommended,247660,10990968,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Freakinoutanames,Good luck even getting it to run. I've seen the opening logos about twenty times.
,Not Recommended,247660,10575208,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Duke Togo,"This thing barely works.And even if you manage to get it not crash at the start up, have fun watching it crash throughout the game too."
,Recommended,247660,10792416,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Jepse,"Did you see that, Zach?! Clear as a crisp spring morning! F.K... In the coffee!"
,Recommended,247660,10753864,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Eric Forman,"Do you feel it, Zach?The coffee told me we were going to be in a corny video game.It said F**K, as crisp a a spring morning.We're Probably one of the Greatest video games of our lives."
,Recommended,247660,10965638,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,TheSleevegun,Best PC port ever.
,Recommended,247660,11001871,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Krigeth,"This game is plagued with issues but for some reason I can't get enough of it. Deadly Premonition is the horror genres version of the film ""The Room"". A must buy for anyone who enjoys poor lip syncing and a good cup of coffee. 10/10"
,Recommended,247660,10466229,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Decker,"Did you see that Steam? 10/10 on the review!I knew I could count on it, it never fails!"
,Recommended,247660,10884920,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Seroth,Game of the Year 2010
76561198041659433,Recommended,247660,10943433,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Danielclaw13,"I my self love ""DP"" for its charm all its broken bits and parts that make no sence but it try's and its strange sence of humor is infectious to say the least.  If you want somthing out there and not seen much then give this game a shot it holds up even for multiple play through's."
,Recommended,247660,11041795,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,AssumedEnemy,"Brilliant writing. Excellent atmosphere. Gameplay is far from unbearable, though not perfect.The story and its execution are what make this game, it's relatively long, but you'll get so hooked you won't even notice.9/10 - Jerky controls, but amazing story and greatly explorational."
76561197970257181,Not Recommended,247660,11127447,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Reynard,"I wanted to like this game, and it has its moments. It is buggy, often crashing to desktop or bluescreening. The gameplay itself is mostly a string of tiresome exercises that lead from one plot point to another. And for a while that was enough. It is kind of fun to see York unravel the mysteries of this town. But after a while, I don't know if its charm just faded, or some of the twists just broke suspension of disbelief or what. By the end, I was just going through on stubbornness.On the bright side, it made me all nostalgic for Twin Peaks, and I picked up the boxed set."
76561198006527615,Recommended,247660,10210453,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Spike,"Mr. Random Review Reader""10/10""So Says Mr. Stewart."
,Recommended,247660,11950892,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,•BpG•AlexBeefgnaw,"I thought I was getting a horror game. I got a driving game, a typing game, a fishing game, a dressup game, a shaving simulator, and Twin Peaks with the serial numbers ever so lightly filed off. 10/10"
,Recommended,247660,11984809,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,DuMMyYoU,"Horrible graphics for the year this came out in.. Plays like a ps2 game.   Great story, great characters, very Twin Peaks vibe.  10/10   Must play"
,Recommended,247660,12079731,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,AtypicalChuck,"From a bizarre standpoint this is my favorite game.  I saw a clip of the ""Sinner's Sandwich"" scene and I had to play this.  I finished it on PS3 and then got it on sale here for all the DLC.  You may not like how it plays, you may laugh at the graphics, you may cringe at the driving, but you may just fall in love with this train wreck.  Zack would want it that way."
,Recommended,247660,11754959,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Hok,"This game is a good example of high concept not being matched by execution. There's a fix out there for the resolution issues, but nothing can save you from the crashes. If this game were a bit more polished, it would seriously be the greatest game of all time. As it stands, it's a flawed gem.Buy it. Play it. Imagine a world in which it functioned better."
,Not Recommended,247660,12105091,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,magi_melchior,"I love the game, but the PC version is terriable. I always keep on getting a steam fatal error saying that steam must be running to play the game. Get it for the PS3 instead."
,Recommended,247660,12015866,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,RagnaR,Ugliest PS3/X360 era game I've ever played10/10
,Not Recommended,247660,11544892,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,mangodrink,"Avoid this PC port, but play this game (on Xbox 360 or PS3)! It's a terrific, dramatic story, in a memorable, immersive, offbeat/surreal virtual town, PC porting issues aside.If you do get the PC *port*, expect to put up with crashes every hour or so, long load times between zones and cutscenes (especially cutscenes), if you can even figure out the tricks to get it to run. Then, even when you're able to play, you still have to put up with broken vertical aiming that only shows up in the PC version.If you still get the PC port, look at DPfix (and fiddle w/ resolution and windowing settings), and try setting compatibility to WinXP SP2, or better yet Win98 (but with Win98 you'll probably have to give up the built-in gamepad support and either use keyboard/mouse (mapped onto console/gamepad-first controls) or messing around w/ a third-party gamepad mapper).I was on the fence ""yes"" or ""no"", but I'll leave it at ""no"" both to stand out in the reviews, and to stick w/ my opinion that this particular PC version should be avoided unless you really don't have a 360 or PS3. I would hate to have you sour on this game's story and world simply b/c the PC port sucks major suck (seriously, even if you could get around the keyboard/mouse, load times (with only a blank screen, no indication DP hasn't frozen--tip: unless it CTDs, it'll probably load, just give it a few more MINUTES) can be unbearable)."
76561198025537122,Not Recommended,247660,12139591,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,neilsrous,"Let me start by saying that I like this game, but I cant say enough how much you shouldnt buy it here. This port is broken. You are lucky if it works at all on your computer. For me, with my brand new gaming computer, this game crashes every seven muinets at the most, Making this game unplayable, as many of the save points can be as far as fifteen muinets apart.Buy the 360 or PS3 version. Theyre still bugy, but at least they work."
,Recommended,247660,12246143,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Astfgl,"Do you want to play a game that feels, plays and tells a story like David Lynch's Twin Peaks? This is it.But like Lynch's cinematography this game will leave you alone confused after it crashes (which it will - several times), so replay that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ part again and listen to York's babbling - again.So in simple words: this game is poorly made gameplay or mechanics wise, as well as graphics, sound mixing, just everything. The thing is: it tells you a story with rich but utterly strange characters like in Twin Peaks (or in videogames like Alan Wake's Latern Lady), which keeps you interested and motivates you to get through this nightmare of game. Whatever it throws at you, you will still appreciate this game and its charme. For me it's an classic ♥♥♥♥♥♥ arthouse-trash game. I love it. Isn't that right, Zach?"
76561198014836751,Recommended,247660,11471059,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,lucasdgc,"This game is amazing. One of the funniest games I've ever played, and one of the only few games to capture that B-grade movie feeling of low budget, roughness and unnintentional humour. If you can overlook bugs and technical flaws you are out for quite an experience.Can't recommend it highly enough!"
76561197971917310,Recommended,247660,11356682,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,bdp,"Story of this game is well-made but also full of cliche, still fun. performance is low and lots of bugs and crashes. If you still want to play this game, you must prepare yourself with lots of patience for reboot your computer. I played this game about 48 hours (+several hours for reboot and finding solutions for crashes) but do not regret with it."
,Not Recommended,247660,11552800,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,CrawlinUK,"This game is a lot of fun! One day, I will buy it on a console and complete it.There is currently no chance that I will play this all the way through on the PC.All it does is crash.There are numerous help documents to help in making this game more playable for the PC, but I don't think they ever stop. I think we become immune to them at some point, but I have given up reloading this game again, it takes at least a minute to do that on its own.You just have to look at the guide section of this game on Steam to realise that there are some serious issues with this game.My thought is that a game can become immortalised by being released on PC. Thus being playable for years to come. In the case of Deadly Premonition, it is going to need a serious makeover.Maybe it will or does work for you, but you are most likely one in a few who have had success with the PC version of this game."
,Recommended,247660,11867649,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Rex,"Positives:Fantastically weird characters, and dialog.Very Twin Peaks inspired setting.Some decently creepy moments.Absolutely deranged music.Negatives:Dated visuals.Slightly clunky controls.Absolutely deranged music (sometimes it can be annoying!)"
76561198097271711,Recommended,247660,11980775,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,markh686970,"Highly underated on release. This game is unlike any other. Quirky small town Amrerica meets Resident Evil. True, the graphics are basic and the controls can feel a little clunky but if you like narrative and dark plot this game is a must. Ignore official reviews, enjoy this experience"
76561198063393620,Recommended,247660,12634927,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,toksik66,"what to say about this game.....i could go on for a bit.....crap graphics, especially for last gen....god awful dialog, completely obnoxious characters that should never exist and a completely boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥story.....The ♥♥♥♥ed up thing is though is that this may be one of the best games i have every played.   This is probably the closest thing to a Troma movie made into a video game, so inconceivably bad that its actually good....and believe me it is really great in a ""i cant believe i am loving this so much"" sort of way.Few games have actually brought me to stop playing so that i could express my utter love for it, but this is one.This probably should of been one of the biggest flopps in gaming history, but if your a fan of crap like attack of the killer tomatoes, which the game does mention..., this is the type of shlock that you need in your life, like yesterday.with a 2$ sale going on, you would be a ♥♥♥♥ing idiot for not picking this game up, and if you have friends, buy them a copy just cause you LOVE them....you will thank me and they will thank you till you die"
76561198069565832,Recommended,247660,12624121,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Don Vepa,"Let's get the negative critique out of the way: The PC-port is horrendous. The game is stuck on 720p quality, crashes randomly, save files get corrupted and characters and objects clip out. The open world environment enables you to drive freely in a somewhat vast environment, but the driving mechanism is so stiff and unrewarding you don't feel like going exploring just for the fun of it (Run out of gas in the middle of nowhere? Tough luck!).Though most negative feelings I have towards the game can be blamed on the bad PC-port, some are simply due to bad game design. The map system is hard to navigate, as you can't zoom further back on the full world map that you have in your pause menu. Some sidemissions give no clue as to what you're supposed to do. Shooting/melee action is hard to coordinate right and at times feels very repetetive, but the action sequences do manage to bring a lot of good tension to the otherwise puzzle-heavy gameplay.Though PC edition Deadly Premonition is a somewhat painful experience due to the recurring random crashes and bugs, it's also one the most captivating games I've ever played. Somehow, unexplainably, the game manages to turn many of it's cons into atmospheric pros.  Bad dubs and badly written over-the-top characters somehow add to the odd atmosphere. The characters feel fake and fairytale like, but in a good way. It seems the game's soundtrack has about three songs that play over and over again, sometimes at very inappropriate times. The monotonous soundtrack does however bring a certain Pavlov-element to the game. When you hear the ""evil is lurking"" music you learn to be on your guard - even if visible evil is not present.The game owes a lot to the TV-series Twin Peaks; Eccentric FBI agent and the unexplained person he talks his mind to, murder of a young but troubled prom queen in a small, secretive town, ½ of which is owned by the owner of a lumbermill... The similarities don't end there. Though similar to the tv show, the game's story still stands well on it's on. It's weird and first sort of alienating, but as you progress in the game you find yourself restarting the game crash after crash, just so you could get on with the story. The terribly dubbed and stiffly animated characters that don't really make any sense pull you surprisingly deep in to Greenvale - and that's why I return to the game time after time.I would recommend Deadly Premonition to anyone with a  lot of patience and a taste for strange story telling and quirky humor."
,Recommended,247660,12628323,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,FinalParagon,"It's hard to talk about Deadly Premonition without sounding like everything you're saying is at best half-serious. I'll try anyway:Deadly Premonition is one of the best games from the past five years or so I've played.  It certainly doesn't show from the clunky controls or often-bizarre graphics, but somewhere around the midpoint of the game I realized that it manages to push past ""so-bad-it's-good"" into territory of being actual, just-regular-type good.Deadly Premonition uses the medium to tell a story surprisingly well, and even though it's obviously not for everyone (You will almost certainly love or hate this game), it's legitimately better than you might first expect."
,Recommended,247660,12630921,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Chef Excellence,Creeeeeepy Japaneseness!!!! Like Resident evil! PS2 fun!! Washed out pallet... crazy zombies... more cut scenes than game.. bit Devil may cry...but is fun nice atmoshphere play it and try to understand the story off the bat?
,Recommended,247660,12633355,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Para,i can never finish this game without being stuck in a sink
76561198015206516,Recommended,247660,12634059,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Calvin,"It's so bad that it's pretty good.Beware though, pc port is not too good. The controls work out fine, but getting it to run at times can be a pain. It can be worked around though.I rarely had some cutscenes (about 2) crash the game, this is extremely annoying, but again, it can be worked around.I really enjoyed the game at first, until around like episode 4 it starts dragging out and becomes very repetetive. There is a lack of enemy variety, (only about 3)"
76561198075679551,Recommended,247660,10872058,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Flying General,"If you love Twin Peaks, then you'd love this! This is basically Twin Peaks the game. Am I right, Zach?"
76561198102137309,Not Recommended,247660,10907022,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,thenolanconner,"Looked amazing. I knew it would be bad, but I believed that its charm and cast would win me over. It might have if it worked if the lag was not outrageously bad. This is in undeniable terms a heinously terrible game to attempt to play. It doesn't work. A cutscene will play fine yet the gameplay appears to be a crappy claymation crossed with a low budget 50's cartoon action segment. It is just poor all over on PC. Why did they even release this and why would they not fix it? It is not my PC's fault. Could be a cool game, but don't touch it on Steam. Just stay FAR away!"
,Recommended,247660,10909887,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Simon Crazy Cat,"This game is like an alien, I don't know how to describe this game in another way. XDThe graphic are not terrible ( feel like it's PS2 games ), but the characters are not that bad, I mean like York is not the most pretty character but still with time I start to like him, Emily are really cute too ^^, the animations, well sometime they are okay and many times are really weird and you feel like your are in a town of robots.The voices are sometime not great sometime I forgot that point since I focus on what they said.The controls are not that great.And still if you survive all of that and you're like me and prefer to focus on the good points, I think we have a game with many good idea, you explore the town, learn about peoples around, what they do, the secret of the place. You take care of the character, eat, sleep, clean him ( shave him actually ) or his clothes ( have a night with a character with fly around because your clothes are dirty it's really weird and funny XD ). I like when York talk about movies, musics, old cases. I still don't have finish the game but I really want to know the end of this investigation.So, I can't blame peoples who will hate this game because it's some kind of ugly for a 2013 games, but at the same times I now know what so many peoples recommend this game and me too I now recommend this game if you can deal with his 'bad' side ( 'bad' side who are for me like a bad horror movies but who are actually good because it's the style of the movie ).A deadly premonition 2 with better graphic and animation with the good idea of this game could be a big hit I'm sure. :)"
,Recommended,247660,11000783,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,- ̗̀☆ ̖́-,"I love this game, it is one of the few games I have gotten all achievements with and I'm playing it all over again. Yes, there are holes, mighty big ones in fact, but it actually makes the game shine.Here's a list as to why it sucks:Crashes oftenPlot is barely explainedPlot holesGraphics are terribleControls (on the xbox) are weird (LB to sprint?) [Also if you are playing with an xbox controller DO NOT I repeat DO NOT change the buttons, it does not work with the new scheme]Sound effects are weird and confusing at times (Squirrels make monkey noises apparently)Voices are not that great (What's with the reverb?)Hit boxes are confusing for both character and enemies (I got the lazer sword and cannot use it because of the hit boxes and because I get grappled too often)Weapons are okay (Some are difficult for me to use)AI is weirdSlow spawning (for the Hell Dogs that is...)Car controls are abysmal (I can do a 360 in the air both forwards and sideways)There's a bar for everything (sleep, food, health and stamina you have monitor and if you like to be clean shaven, you have to watch your beard too (shame that you can't fully grow it out))And there's more I probably forgot about, but this game got me hooked. I don't personally like horror games, but this one I just loved. One of the many things I loved about this game is that everybody had CHARACTER. It actually felt like meeting a real person, nobody's persona is baseless and everybody has a story, a secret, a dream and reasons for being the way that they are.Terrible game but it's 10/10 for me!"
76561197973234684,Not Recommended,247660,11109619,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,megatom0,"I simply DO NOT recommend this game because it is an AWFUL PORT. The first bad was was that the game will not boot up on my computer (windows 7) with the default steam install. After googling a very simple fix the game did boot up. Then the game wouldn't recognize my controller. What? I couldn't find any solution for this. I tried playing with the K&M and it was quite horrible to control. It was a terrible chore to play, and I quit after just a few hours. I've also heard the game is filled with crashing issues, some of which I experienced in my short time of playing it. This game should be flat out removed from Steam because it is broken. If I were a monster I would complain to them and ask for my money back.Just a horrible terrible no good port."
,Recommended,247660,8197829,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Arthur,"This game is great, despite being (technically) clunky and having an unpolished gameplay.It is a great example that games don't need top production values in order to be good.I'd say it beats most of today's games in the game design department."
,Recommended,247660,8458595,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Revolutionary,"The combat is atrocious, but the story is extremely entertaining, and is very easy to get immersed in. Enjoy your visit to Greenvale! Take your time and don't rush through the story!"
,Not Recommended,247660,8501345,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Alex,"I had heard a lot of things about this game being a cult classic so I wanted to check it out. Luckily I got it on sale. The game itself is fun enough....when it works. This is a pretty poor port. In the 2 hours or so I put into it, I encountered serious framerate issues and game crashes. While I'd love to finish the game, having to sit through the unskippable intro logos isn't worth it when I'm seeing them so often due to the game crashing. Looks like I'll be watching a Let's Play of this instead of playing it."
76561198005458208,Recommended,247660,8575977,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Nagassh,Probably the best game ever made.
,Recommended,247660,8617178,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,nicksmizzle,this game is bat squeak crazy and for some reason i can't stop playing
76561198014688040,Not Recommended,247660,8864720,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Josh,"This game is currently broken, crashing to a black screen. Although quirky and original, in it's current state it is a broken product and should not have been released. It is currently impossible to recommend until it is functioning properly."
,Not Recommended,247660,8531074,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,WooDee,"Great game bad port. so as things are at the moment ( where i can't even play the port ) i wouldn't recommend anyone to have a try with it. But hopefully it will get the fixes it needs. and when it does, this game is clearly worth the price."
76561197997246476,Recommended,247660,8575876,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Tea4Two,"There's a fine line between genius and madness, isn't that right Zach?This is one of the most bizarre games I've played, if you're tired of predictable plot twists and flat characters this game will certainly prove refreshing. Part murder mystery and part survival horror, there's rarely a dull moment and some unusual enemy design and stealth mechanics make the combat sections feel distinct from other 3rd person shooters. The game however, is not without its faults.I played this title with a keyboard and mouse and the controls feel muddy at best, the sensitivity settings at the lower end make no apparent difference and the controls feel unwieldy. I'm unsure whether it's caused by aim assist or some form of mouse acceleration, but the shooting sections often feel more like a game of wrangle the cursor rather than precision gunplay and whilst this does create some tense moments, it is at best frustrating and at worst infuriating. If this was a conscious design decision it is in my opinion a misplaced one and together with a downright abuse of quick time events a certain degree of patience is required.If this is puts you off the title, that's a pity because the story is more than compelling enough to keep you playing and the town of Greenvale and it's residence are well realised. If you are willing to put up with its flaws deadly premonition has a lot to offer and is wholly deserving of the praise it's received. It's a title that lacks polish but certainly not character, and is well worth considering."
76561198061894901,Recommended,247660,8868628,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,PuMasterDanks,Evah emos eeffoc Kroy. Siht si a eurt egamoh ot esoht no Niwt Skaep! Ahahahahahah!There are too many flaws to this game than I can count but I guess thats the charm of it. The show its based on had numerous flaws too but thats exactly why I like it so much. Both were about failure  in the face of evil although you do eventually succeed in this game. Both have well crafted characters. Grab if you are a fan of the strange. You will not be disappointed.
,Recommended,247660,8046459,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Mr. Jackpots,"Phenomenal game. Everything about it is rough, and yet its story, characters, setting, and soundtrack add up to one of the most enchanting experiences in vidya. Can't reccomend it enough, although the Steam version does lag for me somewhat (beat it on a console)"
,Not Recommended,247660,18936856,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,karolisd,"I really tried to like this, but simply couldn't.Not long after I finished binge watching Twin Peaks, I felt like the need to revisit the experience and Deadly Premonition seemed like it would be just that. A weird detective game set in a mysterious mountain town filled with quirky characters. Heck, even the female lead looked like Naomi Watts (Mulholland Dr?).There were countless reviews stating how terrible the game was, but no amount of bad reviews could've stopped me from buying this game. Man, oh, man were they right. The game's simply unplayable. And not simply because it's a bad port. It's a small game overextended to a massive open world with terrible writing and the worst soundtrack of all time. I played it for less than 2 hours and had heard the whistling theme song at least 10 times, so I tried playing it with the sound muted. Didn't help.I really tried to like this game, but it's not just so weird it's good. It's so weird it's bad and not in a Twin Peaks way.If you're looking for a twin peaks-esque game, try Fahrenheit (also abysmally terrible writing, but atleast I managed to finish it).Sadly, not recommended. Not until I get myself to finish the game."
76561197972699390,Not Recommended,247660,19136981,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,MattAtTheEnd,i was really enjoying it until i encountered a game killing bug wich made progressing past the hospital impossible without crashing . too bad .
,Not Recommended,247660,19388665,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,frogstat,"It's a shame, I wanted to like this game as I enjoyed the limited time I spent with it on the PS3, but it was so laggy I found it unplayable after an hour.I was hoping the PC version would give me a better time because the game looks legitimately fun and unique. The result was even worse the the PS3 version. Sure framerate was more bearable but the 2002-grade graphics should not take me down to 20FPS on a rig that can run much more demanding games such as New Vegas without many issues. Other than framerate I fould an unbearable amount of stuttering, (I don't mean that the game froze, the character was acting like when you get rubberbanded in Battlefield on a bad server).Going to get a refund. This is a great game ruined by the atrocious performance."
,Not Recommended,247660,28903951,Posted: 1 January,all,CalebAlpha,Getting this game to run is a challenge and even then its prone to crashes. A Poor port of a good game.
76561198020474979,Not Recommended,247660,19214675,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,biglu,"Game would not start. I would press play and it would crash. I have windows 7 and a high end computer.Below is what I found that worked. Anytime I have to go through this much to get it to work it will get a thumbs down. congrats Dp you get my first thumbs down on steam.-Go to where Deadly Premonition is installed, easily accessible by right-clicking the game in your Steam library > Properties > Local Files > Browse Local Files-Open the folder named 'redist'-Scroll until you find the file ""PhyX_SystemSoftware.msi-Double click-Run the 'Repair' option-Now run Deadly Premonition via Steam as usual"
76561198054246241,Not Recommended,247660,19376975,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Emil,"It won't start, don't buy."
,Recommended,247660,14250648,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,GalacticSpaceChicken The 6th,"Pc port is horrible, download the DPfix."
,Recommended,247660,31972482,Posted: 26 May,all,c o s m o s,"At first I hated it and now it's one of my favourite games ever. I will never say it's good, or fun to play, the shooting and gameplay can be very clunky, infuriating, and crap. But I just love the Twin Peaks wibe and the cheesy, charming, loveable characters so much. The dialogue is just outright dumb and funny, but full of charm, and the story is surprisingly good. If you love Twin Peaks, seriously, play it. I love this game."
76561198218458060,Recommended,247660,29681133,Posted: 3 February,all,Om3ga-Z3ro,"At first I was really skeptic on the approach of the game, the music didn't seem to fit in some places, the characters were weird, the voice acting was ""eh"" and the combat was easy as hell due to the fact that you have unlimited ammo on your main pistol. Until you get to the point where you start playing other characters then the story changes completely, it was a major twist and interestingly well thought out. The only issue I had for this was that on certain points of the game, it crashes a lot and you need to do a lot of tweaks on compatibility and settings but what kept me playing was knowing the true history about the Raincoat killer.Overall it was weird, quirky, buggy but good."
,Recommended,247660,13488193,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,clavius,"If you like good stories then this one will get hold of you like nothing else in videogames.  The graphics, combat system and narrative seem cheap and slightly broken at first and you'll be amused in an ironic sort of way.  Quickly this disappears to be replaced by genuine affection for the characters, the town and even the things that you previously considered broken.  I wouldn't change a thing."
,Not Recommended,247660,14921226,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,VANDERSEXXX,"Startup crash because game installs bugged physx? Ok, fixed it. Console resolution? Fine, fixed. Broken 5.1 sound? Oh well, it runs fine in stereo. Unavoidable crash in chapter 2?.. ♥♥♥♥ it. I tried everyting. I really hate this game, instead of enjoing it, and fighting in-game monsters, I had to fight the game itself. Curse upon you, who ported it on a PC!"
,Not Recommended,247660,13476795,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,QoMSoL,The game's not bad. I got it free on PS3. Can't run it on Win 8.1 though. So no recommendation from me.
,Recommended,247660,11140880,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Nikki Tanaka,"There is always a director in japanese videogames: a director masterly chooses perspective in cutscenes and uniquely introduces stupendous characters, whose skeletons in the closed give you 15 hours of enhanced gameplay.But first, make sure you caught enough breath, because authors will knock the stuffing out of you by all means and throw you in a great sea, that contains amazing stories about each inhabitant of Greenvale. This sea has hundrends of freshets, and, for example, zingy York is unquestionably perfect in all ways: in actions, gestures and facial expressions.Every singlelocal freak is perfect in kind, too. Thus, you’ll never want to leave these boondocks on the edge of civilization.And the most enjoyable aspect of DP will help you capture dozens of hours spent in that mysterious place. I’m talking about the soundtrack: atmospheric music and your guide in endless mind-voyage."
76561198158242918,Recommended,247660,16386548,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Nick Crompton,what to say about this gameLove Twin Peaks then get this game since twin peaks is come back thats even more reason toLove silent hill or any other survival horror game....then get itLove bad interprotations of pop culture from japan then game should be purched or you dishoner you famrybasicly.......its good
76561198054086741,Recommended,247660,33599964,Posted: 16 July,all,『Notorious RNG』,"Did you see that, Zach?!  Clear as a crisp spring morning!  ""F. K"" ... In the coffee!  I knew I could count on it, it never fails.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzvXBFwcyekfor real get DPfix first"
76561198040776446,Not Recommended,247660,12980245,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Uncle Stoopnixie,The game is not working.I don't even think they tried to make it work!
,Recommended,247660,15944180,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,K I L N K,"I feel like the developers were trying to make a horror game, but at some point in development they got so caught up in trying to parody the mystery crime genre that it sort of became a horror comedy action game. I mean, they give you unlimited bullets for crying out loud. At the same time though, I feel most of the self awareness the game has is completely unintentional.Good game though, once you get past all the technical bugs."
76561198023080840,Recommended,247660,14627775,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,H-how dare you!,"This is a game where you shave, drink your morning cup of coffee, put on your best suit, drive to work, hang out with your friends the solve an elaborate, supernatural murder mystery while talking to yourself. 10/10"
,Recommended,247660,29909699,Posted: 13 February,all,Terminal 7 DIABETES,laggy af frame rate sucks cant do anything
76561198031539466,Recommended,247660,35149402,Posted: 23 September,all,Kejang,Basically what would happen if Twin Peaks was a game and all the dialogues as well as gameplay were created by Tommy Wiseau. It's glorious.
,Recommended,247660,12699764,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Danila Senko,очень страшная игра от создателей counter strike nexon zombiesнет серьезно я обложил в штаны!
76561198031114879,Not Recommended,247660,12725433,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Airedale,Won't even run unless you go to the forums and get instructions for tweaking.   Graphics are weak.   There is no manual so good luck with that.There is more time watching poorly animated movies than actually playing.This game is a BIG disappointment.
,Not Recommended,247660,8576842,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Swarm,Don't believe the hype. This game is about as interesting as a trip to the dentist and about as fun as being kicked in the balls.
76561198035122465,Not Recommended,247660,8101860,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,eastwoodadam,"The game itself is fun doesn't take itself seriously and offers quite a lengthy campaign, this game has the best main character i have seen for many years in a video game and made me laugh several times, the game is rather strange to describe but i will try if you had silent hill, a cheesy cop show from the 70s and an old gta game then combined them together you would get deadly premonition, The graphics are bad the textures are awful and the controls are clunky but this didn't affect my enjoyment of the game in any way i think this game works because of how bad some of the mechanics are. If you are mad about graphics and smooth mechanics do not buy this game. If you want to play a quirky game with some good humour and a very unique style of gameplay then this is for you. As for the pc port because it is so half baked and doesn't work for me i will say wait for another patch or just skip it on pc you could probably buy the console version for very cheap now which actually works"
76561197964042954,Not Recommended,247660,22923467,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,King,"Oh man where to start.... What a mess of a game.Its riddled with gamebreaking bugs, youll have to download other stuff to make it work, controls are clunky all around, graphics are dull, the music is attrocious (whistling song) youll get 3/4 skit songs that will play the whole game, so annoying and the monsters are far from scary. The only reason i got this is because it was like 99 cents and everyone praised the story. After trying to play this, i just ended up saying ''♥♥♥♥ this'', but i still wanted to know the follow up to the story. So i went on youtube as other reviewers suggested and watched the whole 5h borefest it was. The more the story advances the more WTF moments pop up, until the end..... oh my what an end.....the kind of end that makes you want to cry because you realize what a waste of time it all was.Save yourself money (even if its 99 cents, its not worth it)Save yourself time (the story is♥♥♥♥♥♥anyways)Enjoy an other game, there is trully nothing here but a borefest filled with a non sensical ♥♥♥♥ up of a story.Not recommended."
76561197970720161,Not Recommended,247660,12923171,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Game_Dude,"Horrible Graphics. Horrible, HORRIBLE Voice Acting, like they translated Japanese-English 1:1. Controls and interface are awkward at best. While I'm not far into the game I have to say the story makes absolutely NO SENSE AT ALL. Combat is.. well.. clunky and boring. Unless you're into this kind of games and don't mind playing in japanese you should really avoid this."
76561198038868694,Not Recommended,247660,32701477,Posted: 23 June,all,Oobarsten,"""Full controller support""Lies.  My controller doesnt register and I'm not wasting my time tech supporting for something the developer should fix & patch.  Come on now.  If you want your product to be seen as quality work, then make it of quality.  That includes following up with the project and continuing to deliver needed improvements, even on small scale stuff like this.*refunded*"
,Recommended,247660,10926656,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,crotch_critter,thid is a awesome game great graphics great controls great dl models great animations  best game ever
,Recommended,247660,7796636,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Ryudo47,"York is a good guy, he always gets the gir."
,Recommended,247660,10642212,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Damuel,"Great game, bad port. The game is quite unlike anything else. And it's got a bit of the ""So bad it's good"" type of game going on. There are some serious bugs, though with some quick fixes the game breaking ones can be fixed and just some hilarious ones (had someone fall through their driveway as they pulled into it) will remain.Everything Deadly Premonitions does is generally mediocre, but it doesn't feel like a knock off, it feels more like a self acknowledged B-Movie. And although it may not have had a large amount of fame, the game has gotten a cult fanbase and become a hit among its fans.The gunplay is essentially Resident Evil 4 mixed with Silent Hill. The enemies aren't particularly tough, they don't generally evolve much, but they're creepy and they feel right at home with the silent hill like areas of the game. The driving portions control like a PS2 game, and not GTA quality either. The map also makes the driving a major pain as it can be frustrating to figure out where you wanted to get to without any waypoints or minimap GPS. And there's some simple detective work with generally easy side quests.The game is open world during some portions, giving you anywhere from half an hour to several hours of real time to wander around, do minigames, simple sidequests, or gather collectables. There's a ton of optional content to keep you busy and it makes the game well worth the money as far as content goes. There's a few 'realistic' elements to the gameplay, such as a need to eat and sleep, these don't really ever detract from the main game though, and never feel like they're a problem. I constantly found myself with TOO much free time and slept in between missions.The game really shines with how awkward it is. The dialogue at times doesn't even make sense, and is often thrown in front of hilariously inappropriate music. The animations during cutscenes are all fairly terrible and it adds to the charm. The game will jump from a serious sob story, to a completly out of place morbid joke in a heartbeat. And its fantastic. The community has uploaded several recordings of such scenes and it truly shows how surreal the developers are.The game really requires a sense of humor and a bit of patience with some of its flaws, but if you can overlook them the game is a hidden gem. For an example of the humor see thishttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rp5krDoflLI&hd=1The game isn't for everyone, hell, IGN (US) gave the game 2/10 then the UK side gave it a 7.5. Give it a quick look and see if it grabs your interest. It's a great break from the usual stuff."
,Not Recommended,247660,12633846,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,nekro,"It's still unplayable with DPfix too but I suggest to buy it and play it as long as it works fine. And after that watch ""Deadly Premonition The Movie"" on YouTube.It's about story, gameplay is pure garbage."
,Recommended,247660,12824986,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Lv 17 Garchomp,Get ready for a blast from the past! Run this game in WIndows 98 compatability mode for the ultimate old school experience!!!
,Recommended,247660,12667109,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Black Lives Don't Matter,"Let's get the biggest negatives out of the way.Buggy.Gameplay reminiscent of old resident evil games - may be good or bad depending on your perspective.Locked resolution (there's a mod), dated graphics (dem textures).If you don't enjoy hours of exploration, you will essentially need a guide to help you locate sidequests.Sidequests are repetitive.The story is great and I personally think the main character in particular is excellent. There are a handful of sidequests that provide genuinely useful items for the effort you put in (wrench, radio, weather doll) and the rest are forgettable.Combat is decent. Aiming with the mouse is stiff, but aiming compensation makes it very easy to achieve headshots.Over all, for the price I bought it at ($10 I think) I would recommend it, provided quite an entertaining experience.For $25, there are better things to spend money on."
,Not Recommended,247660,19826640,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,ActionOfLost,"1/10 ""Awful""The game itself is a good one, the problem is due to crash... it's to hard to play itUps:Open world horror game (I think it's the only one)Downs:Awful graphicHorrible stability issue* (-6)Dated control"
76561198107044964,Recommended,247660,14663658,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Lowel,"Zach, I don't really see what most people are complaining about. It's a very surreal game with an interesting story and memorable characters. Wouldn't you agree? Gameplay mechanics are a bit clumsy, but that's our charm, Zach. I saw in the coffee that our Director's Cut would be significantly more enjoyable than the original, so, I guess all's well that ends well."
,Not Recommended,247660,24734866,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Galveraxe,"Took a lot of messing about and reading guides to just get this game to get past the intro movie.After that, wanting to use a controller, the controller button in settings was disabled so I just uninstalled out of frustration.I guess I got a few hours out of my money doing all that..."
76561198044288742,Recommended,247660,15137637,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,The Dude Liam,"Played for about 10 minutes so far and a squirrel was about to get hit by a car and made monkey noises before running off. Oh, and two little boys seemed more interested in a lady bug than a dead woman tied up to a tree with her guts spilled out and their grandpa didn't even think to get them away from the murder scene once the police arrived.Really good so far.42/10"
76561197963338954,Not Recommended,247660,14407104,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Kkwo,Do not buy this game. Crashes all the time.
,Not Recommended,247660,23932364,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,isaac.duthie,This game is so unplayable with its extremely slow frame rate and bad graphics. Just don't buy it !!
76561197970380355,Not Recommended,247660,18643946,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Pisha,"Awful game, not the story but the terrible optimization, the lack of Customizing, the clunky inventory, the crashes and overall crumminess of it.  Feels like a very old resident evil game."
,Not Recommended,247660,18755185,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,jsdratm,"The game is fun, but very buggy!  I was able to finish it by restarting my PC every time it crashed and it would crash probably once an hour or so.  There are a variety of crash bugs.  Sometimes the textures get all wonky on the map view and it crashes.  Sometimes it crashes when loading.  Sometimes it crashes when it tries to play a movie.  So the moral is only play if you are willing to restart your PC a lot and save your game as much as possible.  I would recommend checking out the DPFix unofficial patch to make the port a bit smoother, but unfortunately it won't solve the crashing bugs."
,Not Recommended,247660,18794800,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,T-VEGAS,It's simply a broken game. This shouldn't be on Steam.
,Not Recommended,247660,18759008,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Kraken,"Just do yourself a favor and watch an LP of the game if it interests you, even after trying out DSFix the game crashes at the start of a cutscene in the hospital, making progress impossible. I only paid 3 dollars for the game and I still feel cheated."
,Not Recommended,247660,18873721,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Trappy Tickles,"- Game horribly laggy no matter if fulscreen or windowed (like 4 or 5 FPS while Bioshock Infinite turns flawlessly with my config, wtf!)- impossible to change the screen resolution- QWERTY or GTFO (you can bind all keys except for the directions. Wtf again!)I got this for cheap thanks to halloween sales but I regret it. I want a refund."
76561198086318699,Not Recommended,247660,12811360,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,DanklyEgg,Great game but it does not start after the setting screen it just crashes thank God i only payed $2
,Recommended,247660,16478634,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,am i black,"Jumped a small hill and my truck made a perfect backflip and landed it, after that small succes I crashed into a tree and my car died.Backflip/10"
,Recommended,247660,7564848,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,WereKage,THANK YOU BASED DURANTEhttp://blog.metaclassofnil.com/
76561198162415372,Not Recommended,247660,13772654,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,kaypontbee,"I may be harsh - looks bad, plays bad and simply was unable to hold my interest for more than an hour. My opinion might change, I will try and play more with it - but as it stands right now this game is what I call bad. Or maybe I was expecting too much.----------------------------I gave it another (short as it turned out) shot.No change: crap is crap. Outdated looks, animation is embarassing, textures are bleak... was this a PS1 game? PC version needs extra utils to actually ""run""... some bugs here and there (maybe more to come but frankly I cannot be bothered to play more....) Crashes? Just some - and only _if_ you get the thing to launch :-)In my opinion this ""game"" is not worth playing, not even if it was free.As for it being the Twin Peaks of PC games... poor David Lynch - that statement is an insult.Maybe the story was supposed to be like TP? I will never be able to tell."
76561198061461761,Recommended,247660,24572718,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,afeezzy,"Great interesting game, makes you want coffee an smokes"
,Recommended,247660,7563603,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,Crass,"One of my favorite games of all time. Terrible graphics, audio mixing and game play, but awesome characters, story and music."
,Recommended,247660,7517449,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Saint Satan,"The bad: It's not a good port, you must use a small mod to get it to run in 1080.The good: It's batshit crazy - so bad it's good.If it wasn't buggy I'd give it an 9/10 so far.I'll let IGN explain it ...""Imagine if you took the complete script from David Lynch’s Twin Peaks television series, translated it into Japanese, then translated it back into English, then had a drunk friend read it to you from the passenger seat of your car while they clumsily flicked between obscure jazz radio stations that intermittently fluctuated in volume."""
,Recommended,247660,7549777,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,SEAN,Bad game: the game. A good game.
,Recommended,247660,8002741,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,sonicdeath91,"This game is bat♥♥♥♥♥♥♥crazy, any fan of classic horror games or b-movies will love it."
,Recommended,247660,7978167,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Spartan_NUFC,Deadly Premonition achieved what many ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games can't do. To keep you seated no matter how abysmal it looks and plays. An absolute purchase to anyone with a guilty pleasure for weird games.
,Recommended,247660,8011872,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Captain James Hook,Deadly Premonition may be the most masterfully crafted video game experience to ever grace the planet earth.  Right Zach?
76561198010135911,Recommended,247660,8320434,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Agent Francis York Morgan,THE SINGLE GREATEST GAME OF THIS CONSOLE GENERATION.
,Recommended,247660,8434837,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Sleeper,Good.
,Recommended,247660,8539925,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Inferno,Deadly Premonition is an amazing experience! I encourage you to stop what it is you are doing and play this game.
,Recommended,247660,8409915,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Senpai it's my first time,The dumbest best game you'll ever play!
76561198097636114,Recommended,247660,8384268,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Rocket Punch,"There's a reason this game is a cult classic. Actually, there's multiple."
76561198099775606,Recommended,247660,10252145,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,WhiteDevil,"Cult favorite and holds a record of most polarizing game ever and the 'best-worst game of this generation'... Quirky, scary, weird and at some points perhaps unintentionaly comedic but perhaps that is what makes this game special. Yes It may have awkward controls and other miscellaneous problems but the PC version helps amend these so I recommend if your a fan of survival horror/ weird games or love a plot that is actually compelling and complex like this hindered-masterpiece.Supports Window Mode.Has controller compatibility.Changeable Graphic resolution."
76561198042889147,Recommended,247660,9863901,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Oberst Voss,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ Graphics, bad controls, overdrawed and overacting characters but still the best game i have ever played!Twin Peaks + videogame = Deadly Premonition"
,Not Recommended,247660,10343908,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Aleosha,"This game turned out to be unfinishable for me. During the final boss fight you have to aim down, but you just can't. Tried this with mouse, tried this with controller, tried bizzare compatibility mode suggestion. Completely broken, 14 hours wasted."
76561198029580252,Recommended,247660,10858408,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Truck Stop Santa Claus,the only game i can say is truly perfect. no really!
,Not Recommended,247660,19388035,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,swightly,"This game is trash. Crashes and hangs if you don't do things in a gentle manner. Framerates are ""cinematic"" even after applying dsFix. I wish I used the money to buy a burg instead."
,Recommended,247660,9441282,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,SamwellD,"In my opinion, this is probably the best game ever made. It is very hard to compare this game to any other. There are a lot of flaws, but as you play the game, you will accept them and forgive them. Also there are some fixes that has to be made by yourself, but it is nothing too hard.If you love the strange humor of Twin Peaks, you will adore this game.10/10"
,Recommended,247660,7546455,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Big Ben,"This is, hands down, my favorite 360 game from 2010. It started development as a PS2 game, and still looks and plays pretty much like a PS2 game.Unfortunately it also isn't the best port. It has controller support, but there are some weird issues with the triggers that gets kind of annoying. Also at times your framerate will drop to single digits and the only way to fix it is to restart your PC, so that's weird.But basically it's a Japanese take on David Lynch's Twin Peaks, just put into a videogame. The characters are eccentric and endearing, and the mystery and presentation of the story is actually pretty engaging. The shooting and driving isn't so great, but the game has so much god damn heart it's hard to be upset at it."
76561198038831518,Recommended,247660,9710020,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Bipolar Moose,"Made a ""sinners sandwich"" irlTaste delicious10/10"
,Recommended,247660,12427274,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Karma,Shot jim in the facegame crashed11/10SO I RECENTLY PLAYED THE 360 EDITION.Loved the ♥♥♥♥ out of it serious 10/10.
76561198033219941,Not Recommended,247660,8735921,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,garbageape,well the game doesn't work how do i get my money back
76561198028043855,Not Recommended,247660,8237144,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Peen,if the developers are willing to release a port this poor and expect people to pay full price for it they simply do not deserve the money.avoid this game.
76561198005394388,Not Recommended,247660,8362521,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,0i0i!5m4rt4l3xCH,"I was really forward looking playing this little gem. But, was I in for a surprise. This little ""gem"" is in fact just a little turd. First, it runs just in 720p, except you got the fix, and the in-game-mechanics aren't great either, driving physics from hell (and there are RACES, who would want to do that?). and it crashes so every often..my game is now broken to the extend that I can't play any further. It crashes after a cutscene, when it's loading...so, please, DO NOT BUY!!cheers, Sam"
76561198076028955,Not Recommended,247660,11294167,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Blackgenma,"This is game is buggy beyond belief. stay away. grab the original version of the game on Xbox 360 if you must play it, the PS3 director's cut is also buggy as all hell."
,Not Recommended,247660,11314492,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,D-LUCKS∅,Will not function despite everything I do. That includes known fixes regarding fixing NVIDIA programs to mods needed to make it run to blood sacrifices. Buy at your own risk.
,Not Recommended,247660,13805452,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Scott Ackerman,cant even get this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to launch. why are you selling this broken crap? can i have my money back?
76561197978423729,Not Recommended,247660,12652713,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Floyd ^A^,Garbage.
,Not Recommended,247660,12029276,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,blogsg1,"Don't waste your money on this♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's worst port i have ever seen. Horribly broken game. No patch in nearly a year to fix this mess. Oh and botched controller support to put it bluntly it doesn't ♥♥♥♥ing work!!!! so ignore the store page. ♥♥♥♥ you rising star games you theiving ♥♥♥♥♥, you might aswell have mugged me in the streets. Never buying any of your stuff again as i know it's a brand of lazy developers who can't be bothered to fix their own mess."
,Recommended,247660,10702537,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,corporate,this game is biblical
,Not Recommended,247660,15334993,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,DirtyFishy,Literally the worst PC port I've ever played.
76561197978131107,Recommended,247660,14833468,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Superbeef,"There isn't anything I could say that hasn't been said. The game is an unabashed throwback to 80's b-movies crossed with anime. Is that not enough? There's enough open world wandering on an indie budget to make Phillip ""fishfingers"" mustachio cry, and enough side questing cityscaping to make Rockstar envious, but all done with a tonge-in-cheek half assedness (yet serious) enthusiasm that drives you up a wall. Why do the squirrels squeal like monkeys? Is agent York insane? One of the boss fights is against a crossdresser in a clock tower, and another is against an obese man who swings from the rafters. Then Amazing Grace plays as background music. You can't create this in a factory, it surely must be curated at some level? And the story wasn't bad!I wouldn't want every game I play to be like this, but once in a while, well heck, this is pretty fun. It is a great game to play with friends, watching and commenting like MST3K. The steam broadcasting feature was really nice."
,Not Recommended,247660,8183885,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Styder,Don't buy this on PC. Get it for consoles right away.
,Not Recommended,247660,12799600,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,CompHel,"Great game, worst port EVER."
,Recommended,247660,16556926,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,chaotic neutral,time is a flat circle
,Not Recommended,247660,8477027,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,w.p.s,"I'm loving this game, having a lot of fun, the weird kind of humor, the tense atmosphere, but still I don't recommend this game. It crashes frequently, and since the game doesn't have a auto-save system, I lost about 2-3 hours of gameplay. I hope they start fixing this crashes, because the game itself (storyline, gameplay) is great, but the crashes can be disappointing."
,Not Recommended,247660,13469026,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Game Daddy,"one of the the crappiest games ive ever played.  Looks like pre PS2 graphics, horrid controls, and the most disjointed and impossible to understand game ive ever played. it makes me sick that this game is in my libary. i will be contacting steam for a refund, or at the vary least have it removed from my account. thats how bad this game is, id rather eat it than to suffer the humiliation of having this on my account. the devs should be ashamed of makeing something so horrible."
,Recommended,247660,33546934,Posted: 14 July,all,Cyka McBlyat,I watched Twin Peaks S1-2 YEARS before playing this so im better than you
76561198075190086,Not Recommended,247660,30181670,Posted: 25 February,all,escape2?,"Dear God in Heaven!  I ""played"" the first 15 minutes of this ""game"" and I don't know what the hell is going on. One disjointed scene after another.  It reminds me of having a nightmare:  you wake up and try to explain to someone how terrifying it was, but your recollection is so fuzzy and disjointed that none of it makes sense now that you're awake.  To me, that was this ""game."""
,Recommended,247660,30781402,Posted: 27 March,all,Abdhul and The Funky Bunch,"One of the best games of all time. The mechanics are very ho-hum, but it's got tons of charisma. It's very smart in a humble way -- this way all the dumb things don't tend to bother you."
,Not Recommended,247660,7844518,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Cthullhu,"Unfortunatly a subpar port, if a ptch is realised then consider picking it up."
,Not Recommended,247660,22965029,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Ravenize > *,"This is officially the worst game I've ever played. Avoid. Avoid. Avoid.It's easy to imagine that the early design discussions went something like this:""I have an idea for a game! And by idea, I mean let's copy something. How about we turn that weird 90s TV show by David Lynch into a game!""""You mean Twin Peaks?""""Yeah!""""Twin Peaks is about an FBI agent investigating a murder in a small town in the Pacific Northwest. It's a mystery, but mostly a character drama. What would the player fight in this game? There's not much action in the show.""""Zombies.""""Ok...are we going to explain to the player why there are zombies?""""No! I don't wanna! Let's just make it so the zombies are only visible to the main character. That way we don't have to explain why the rest of the world doesn't know there's a zombie apocalypse.""""So every combat section of the game takes place inside the players head?""""Yeah. Head zombies.""""Got it. So how does the player get around?""""It's open world.""""Like GTA? You can drive?""""Yes, except you can only drive from a first-person view, you can only drive certain cars, and they'll each go an incredibly slow speed and flip over all the time for no logical reason. Oh! And the cars will include an incredibly small gas tank that you have to use in-game money to fill up at the one and only gas station in town.""""And you can go anywhere?""""Sure! Except if you get out of the car in areas where we're too lazy to implement pathing or textures we'll fine you for being stranded and magically teleport you to a random location. And - I almost forgot - there are invisible walls everywhere.""""Nice touch. Gotta have invisible walls. Will there be a fast travel system to avoid all the monotony?""""Definitely. But we'll lock it for most of the game until the player completes an obscure side quest.""""Why obscure?""""Well the side quests will only be available depending on the weather conditions. We're implementingdynamic weather.""""Oooooooooo.""""Yeah, buzzwords. But since it's weather and the player obviously has no control over it, they probably won't encounter any sidequests on their own. They'll be basically impossible to find without looking up. Did I mention there's a time system too? And the side quests are also dependent on that? It complements the weather.""""That's so real. Just so real. Can the player control the time at all?""""Well they can sleep, but only at pre-designated areas that we'll make sure are very inconveniently placed. And if the player doesn't want to sleep, we'll make them! If they stay up after midnight the zombies will come out and attack the town!""""I thought they were just in his head? And you know vampires are the monsters that come out at night, not zombies.""""Don't question my inconsistencies! We'll also make the player tired if he doesn't get enough sleep. It'll slow him down and eventually start draining his health. The same for food. You have to eat. If you literally do nothing and keep the game running you'll die in under an hour. Just like real life!""""So the player has to manage food and sleep levels, with a limited inventory and only specific, far away places they can rest or buy food?""""Exactly!""""This game sounds truly awful. There's no way I'm going to play it.""""Oh I'm not going to play it either. But we can still sell it: just call itart.""On a meta level, the PC version has all the problems Dark Souls did: terrible graphics, awful mouse support, and constant, ever-present crashing. You're going to need third-party hacks to even get it to run. In the process of getting my 100% playthrough the game crashed over 100 times (yes, I started counting). Developers: shame, shame on you.At one point I had a save file that would crash exactly five seconds after I loaded it. I almost gave up at that point. Luckily I discovered that sprinting inside prevented the crash, and I happened to be only about four seconds from a door.How I wish I could get the hours spent playing this back, but I wanted to give the game a chance and by the time I realized it was never going to explain anything or get any better I was so far in I figured I might as well finish it. That's a lesson in not trusting my own instincts early on.The story and setting are so close to Twin Peaks that I think there might be a legitimate plagary case here. Additionally, it's like the creators of the game don't understand storytelling fundamentals, writing dialogue, or even how to make games fun. Your arsenal includes weapons with infinite ammo, and despite the bad controls that simple fact makes the combat trivial. It seems like such an odd choice to provide infinite ammo but then make the player have to manage food. It's tiresome and does not add to the believability or realism of this utterly unreal world. It's like this game was trying to combine every genre: third-person shooter, open world, adventure, survival horror. But in the end it did all of them poorly.This isn't groundbreaking. It's not art. It's just bad."
76561198046660646,Not Recommended,247660,30678772,Posted: 22 March,all,NEONA,"im sure its a nice game, but i get like 2 fps on my titan x. its unplayable for me"
,Not Recommended,247660,7937690,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,TheSpearman,"Utterly broken, with showstopping bugs."
76561198141804718,Not Recommended,247660,33617087,Posted: 17 July,all,blood 1504,"Do not waste your time or your money on this     game.A warning regarding some semi deceptive advertiseing in the game trailer you may have seen the breif cut scene of the female police officer in a cat costume . Thinking that their may be some sexulity or an interesting   plot with sexual elements in involving some sort of cat girl playboy bunny type club    there   is no sex  or sexuality in this gameThe reson she has on the cat cotume is it is a game skin that you can put on her somehow . Her behavior does not change.This revew is a bit long  but i have it in 3 sections the olny one you really need to know is section number 1 why you should not  buy this  gameThe sections are as follows .1 why you should not buy this  game2   The  reasons   people give positive reviews to this game3 some tips for those who have already purchased the game1 why you should not buy this game .I will get straight to the point here  This game  does not run properly   It did  not run properly    when it was made had and still does have  various game breaking   bugs .some of which cause the game to suddenly crash others of which will prevent you from saving your game or to keep an item you already got in the game which is  needed to advance the story lineThe  game play is like this .You go thorough  a map in the game where you  have to get past a bunch of   zombie  type enemy's   assuming your game does not crash  when you have completed the  map , This is usually followed by a quick time event  and assuming you complete the quick time event and all the various buttons that you need to push show up on screen  . After which you need to move your character  to a location in the game . in order to  get a cut scene which starts the next round of   killing zombies  and searching for the objects needed to start the next quick time event and cut scene .2 why people give positive reviews to this game. I really do not want to go to much into this but . Here is a part of a paragraph from a game guide that i will give the link to .Read  Rausk whole paragraph in the game guide so you know what you are getting yourself into and the emotional reasons as to why people  give the game positive reviews this is from  that guide .The game was originally supposed to be released on the PlayStation 2 and Xboxand even had a trailer, when it was originally called ""Rainy Woods"", releasedin 2007. But the similarities to ""Twin Peaks"" was so strong that Access Gameswas forced to change a lot of things which caused a considerable delay andeven came close to cancelation.However, the limited budget wouldn't allow them to upgrade everything to thelevel they needed to be for release on the next generation consoles whichresulted in the many technical flaws the game has.So the game designer, Hidetaka Suehiro (aka SWERY), decided to focus on thestory, characters, and the game world which is where the game shines. Manygame critics have praised the game for its unique world and the charactersthat inhabit it.linkhttps://www.gamefaqs.com/xbox360/943397-deadly-premonition/faqs/634633 some tips for those who have already purchased the gamemissing animationsyou should be aware ofif you are unable to do something in the game   like  a certain action  such as shooting the apples in the tree in the art gallery or killing an enemyIt may be because the game developer has Olney provided one animation of that thing happening in one way and from one camera angle olny  .  For example you can not kill an enemy that is emerging from a wall or floor because the game developer did not make an animation of the  enemy   dying when they  emerge from a wall or floor.things that may help1 remove the steam overlay2 download the patch  in the developers posting on the   comunity  hub page3 run it in compatibility mode for windows 95 .you still may get crashes just not as many .hope that helps ."
,Not Recommended,247660,8601962,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Kuuhaku,"Unfortunately Zach, I just can't recommend this game. Sure, it has some of the goofiest writing I've ever seen, and the music seems to become inappropriately cheery in scenes where a murder has just taken place, but this port is awful. It crashed at least 15 times in my playthrough, sometimes well after my last save point, causing me to lose a lot of progress. The DPfix mod helps make the game look decent, but the game itself is just way too unstable. Get the XBOX 360 version if you just have to see what all the fuss is about."
76561198034669156,Not Recommended,247660,11754900,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,ajm,Genuine crap
,Not Recommended,247660,19661393,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Mamoma,this game is a real waste of time
76561197997557904,Recommended,247660,14327848,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Sir Pug,Best 14 min of my life.
,Recommended,247660,9857757,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Irx,"Twin Peaks + Silent Hill + GTA = ???Ugly and quirky, the atmosphere and style are awesome nevertheless, plot is good and gameplay is generally ok. The musical score has some gems as well.Would love to see the sequel or something spiritually similar done with an AAA budget."
76561198077040001,Recommended,247660,9222901,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,|KotNA|BrokenPyro,DONT BUY!!!!!!   ITS A TRAP!!!!
,Not Recommended,247660,8965505,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,SupaPhly,"too buggy, controller not working, lazy pc port"
,Not Recommended,247660,13120523,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,RetriButioN,"Don't get me wrong, the game itself is remarkably good but the PC port is just insanely terrible and utterly garbage! It's truly one of the worst PC ports in history, imagine a mix of Resident Evil 4 & Dark Souls PTD ports and make it a hundred times worse. It's terrible in every single aspect you could imagine andso broken that it'sLITERALLYUNPLAYABLE:Performance:Extremely terrible, couldn't be any worse. I can't even find a right word to describe how terrible it is! It barely runs at 10 FPS on a modern PC without mods. Well to be honest, it doesn't even run at all without mods. You'd hard a really hard time even trying to run the game without crashing, not to mention you will have to use Compatibility Mode and reinstall nVidia Physix just to get it to run.You probably have to use MODs just to be able to launch!And that's not all, Loading times are infuriating, especially the invisible loadings between each cutscene which could last up to 8 minutes! You'll just sit there staring at the black screen thinking the game's frozen but it's actually a terribly long loading!There are countless super-long invisible loading times!And that's not all! There's one more bonus for you:Game constantly crashes every once in a while for no reason!You're better off playing it on the console rather than buying this terrible and utterly unplayable piece of crap on PC."
,Not Recommended,247660,12627670,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Gamer Takahashi McBaggin,The twist at the end is that Suzuki-kun has been dead all these years and Mamiko only saw him because she is crazy. The boat at the end represents their last moment together before Mamiko drowned Suzuki-kun
76561198117940476,Not Recommended,247660,24465770,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,AlThePotHead,Dun like the weird controls. Something ain't right
,Not Recommended,247660,12630473,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,eXcruciate,"I thought that Resident Evil Revelations was a horribly generic version of Resident Evil but this game takes the cake. Made in 2009, then re-released in this HD version in late 2013, it looks, sounds, and feels like a game from no later than 2005. The graphics and character movement are basically updated versions of controls and graphics from Resident Evil 2/3. The graphics look a thousand times better in the screen shots on the store page than in the actual game. I bought the game because it looked good in the screen shots but boy was I wrong. Thankfully I only paid $2.50. But I do not judge the overall quality of a game based on graphics, although it certainly does suck when the graphics suck. The character and enemy movement, shooting, melee attacking, effects, everything feels much, much older than 2009. However I am not really complaining about it just pointing it out, because obviously a game that was released in 2009 for only $20 at the time does not exactly scream high quality. Either way, it should be technologically advanced to that year, not take a step four years backwards.The shooting and melee attacking feels very stiff and generic. Enemies being hit by your bullets/weapons is just laughably generic. The sound is forgettable and the music is ear bleedingly bad. The music that plays while talking to people in town during cut scenes sounds like music straight from an episode of Leave it to Beaver. Much of the cut scenes are unnecessarily padded with total nonsense like “man this biscuit is good. Where can I get these in town?” “well actually I um... I baked them myself”. Or pretty much the entire conversation with the old lady at the long dinner table early on.I would love to give the game a further chance but I am without doubt that it will just get more silly as time rolls on. I do not expect it to get even the slightest bit better, especially since I have already seen how horribly generic combat and character movement are and those things simply cannot improve. It is also not a pure survival horror game. It is about 50% adventure, 50% real game. I separate “real game” from “adventure” because adventure games do not have real gameplay. In an adventure game you just walk around and find clues and objects to use later and talk to people and watch a lot of cut scenes. This game has a ton of that. It is not too much of a gripe though considering that when you do get to actually experience combat, it sucks as well. The real deal breaker was one of the worst problems I have ever seen in a game: when I got into the police car to drive, a terrible, ear piercing screeching sound was playing looped nonstop. I checked the forum and it is a sound glitch that can be fixed by setting your speakers from 5.1 to stereo. I do not care what game it is, I am not going to go into the control panel to redo my sound setup each time I switch to a certain game. And besides, my speakers are configured to 5.1 but I have a audio control panel app for my sound card that lets me switch to stereo, headphones, or whatever, and I had it set to headphones since I was wearing headphones while playing the game so who knows, who cares. If it is something that I had to actually set to stereo in the control panel sound setup options for speakers, there is like I said no way in hell I would ever do that for any game, and would never have to for any other game for that matter. Only this one, no thanks. So that horrible sound problem sealed the nail in the coffin for this game.I realize it has a cult following, and it is not a horrible game (besides the seriously unbearable sound screech problem when driving), but I do not see the point in bothering with something so barely decent when many much better options exist for your time to be much more well spent. Resident Evil 4, 5, 6, and Revelations are all far superior games and are all available on steam. So with those games and a few other survival horror games out there also if you look, there is no point whatsoever in wasting your time with something as heavily mediocre as this.Painfully generic, 5/10"
,Not Recommended,247660,35138024,Posted: 22 September,all,Chrissa,It just made me sad.
,Recommended,247660,7520587,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,👽🐬 Old Black Nerd🐬👽,"Don't buy this until they (if or when) fix being able to use a controller. Otherwise you're screwed, Zach."
,Not Recommended,247660,31061630,Posted: 10 April,all,Exterminans27,"How does this game have a single good review?It's buggy to the point where it becomes unplayable.Everything seems off. Feels like somebody just threw a bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥together and called it a day.I got it for 99 cents which is still too much for this garbage.Apparently it is being sold for 24,99€ now?That's just a ♥♥♥♥ing joke.At first I thought this game could fall into the category of ""so bad that it's funny"", but since it's also buggy as ♥♥♥♥ it's just pure trash.Avoid this like cancer."
76561198122412368,Not Recommended,247660,16384427,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Solenya Snarf,Ok... so let me say this: I love Twin Peaks.But this. This♥♥♥♥♥♥is not Twin Peaks.I couldn't get past the forest at the beginning as this game is radiating cancer.Maybe I'll try it again in the future.It'll probably kill me when I do.
76561198012621177,Not Recommended,247660,30677345,Posted: 22 March,all,Robensnest59,My opinion of this game is very Low. Its slow moving pace With countless time driving to areas on a complicated map when all you wanted to do was get to the core of the game and see some action. I just didnt get very far with it because it drew on at a monautiness pace. And I have games too many that are far better which I havent played yet. I think if a person plays a game a quarter of the way through and finds nothing drawing him in to play further to see more and do more I think at that time the story has rolled over and died. There might be some who loved this game but I have to have a richer plot a deeper story than what Deadly Premonition was able to deal out to keep my interest going. And then there were the endless replays they kept wanting you to do I guess maybe they thought they needed to repeat key happenings to keep the story alive I just though it was boring. I would not recommend this game to anybody not even on sale.
76561197974892945,Not Recommended,247660,25262752,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Greatest Bitch Alive,"The game is a fine,  campy adventure with some bad combat up until it suddenly pulls out transmisogynistic tropes.  You'll hear people praise it as a cult classic without ever mentioning that.  Avoid it."
,Not Recommended,247660,24943509,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Lloyd Clive,"Holy God, this is bad. This game has some of the worst controls I have ever seen in a video game. On top of this the voice acting and lipsynch are garbage. Why does this game have any positive reviews at all?"
76561198355635517,Not Recommended,247660,34697759,Posted: 2 September,all,red demon,its decent but gets boring extremely fast.be smart and don't waste your money like me.
,Not Recommended,247660,9704709,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,that's what she said,"Steam told me to recommend this game to my friends.But I won't. You shouldn't play it. Not on steam, not on any other platform, because devs hate you. They'd r*pe your dog and houseplants if they had a chance. Yes, they are that incompetent, ignorant and they are okay with that. This port is A LOT worse than Dark Souls port. It's can challenge the worst ports like DMC3 or original RE4 release and effin' win hands down. I'm not kidding. And you know, xbox and ps3 versions weren't really more of a better game.No, I'm not talking about story writer - the story is actually interesting, the Twin Peaks atmosphere mixed with Silent Hill in open-world detective horror with a whole lot of WTF moments. But you'll get r*ped with a baseball bat for it. Go on, you've been warned."
76561198029738466,Recommended,247660,19500908,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,SeanConnery1337,"This game is the perfect mix of terrible and worse; it's the expired milk in the fridge you know is bad, but that you know you're gonna smell anyway .  It's polarizing because everything from the voice acting, to the mechanics, to the graphics are mediocre, if not downright terrible, YET, the absolutely addicting story and the kooky, surrealist overtones make this game well worth the money (pro tip: play this game with a controller or not at all; it was never meant to be a PC game).  I don't care how pretentious it sounds, most people just don't understand this game.  It's meant to be a joke on itself in a sense because of how silly and cartoony everything seems to be, but don't let that fool you.  This game has a story of unparalleled depth in terms of video games,If you like surrealist art, if you enjoy the Monty Python films and the Flying Circus; if you like getting wasted and listening to The Bends while watching every Wallace and Grommit movie ever made with the volume off so the claymation sheep sound like Thom Yorke, I promise you will love this game more than most members of your family.The reason it was never commercially successful was because it is meant for a certain kind of player who's in a certain kind of mood for 8-12 hours every so often.  This game can be fun multiple times through because the combat, while admittedly pretty clumsy mixes things up enough to keep you on your toes, and the various things you can buy and the mini-games make sure the experience doesn't become too heavy.To sum things up, don't buy this game if you're looking for a typical shooter or a typical survival horror game, or a typical anything.  This game is truly one of a kind, and if you can learn to appreciate is flaws, you will understand where I'm coming from.  I've never played a game this truly original in my whole 15-odd years as a gamer.  If it weren't for the original KOTOR, this would be my favorite game ever.  10/10."
76561198062882812,Recommended,247660,24433253,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Nirk the Man-Thing Stab-Cutter,"I don't even know how to properly describe this game or how it found its way deep into the cockles of my black heart but my god is it a tour de force of pure WTF. If you have a pension for the weird and don't mind a terrible port, buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198094032251,Not Recommended,247660,13130741,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,S_FeellingThePain_S,"Worst pc port ever created.STAY THE HELL AWAY FROM THIS GAME EVEN IF TI COSTS 0.1$.I have and nvidia gtx 560 ti 2gb video memory, 8gb ram and an intel core i5.I can barely hit 10 fps.Realy check the community hub.DONT BUY ! DONT BUY!DONT BUY!.FINAL VERDICT: 0/10 BECAUSE I COULDNT EVE PLAY IT."
,Recommended,247660,13340520,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,thesoundboy,"It's hard to recommend this in a normal way, because this is one that you just get it or you don't. I absolutely love it.And it's not even ""so bad it's good"", I mean yeah, the graphics and animations and voices and everything are so kooky but it's an open world psychological survival horror thriller where everyone has their own schedules, and you have to eat/shave/do laudry and there's all sorts of weird side quests, some of which can't even be done until you've beaten it a few times, and Francis York Morgan is one of the single greatest video game characters ever.I don't know, I mean, I get why at face value some people can't get behind it, but I just really feel like if you actually play it and still don't like it, I mean, I kinda feel sorry for you."
,Recommended,247660,7548222,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Suzu ❤,"Pros: Amazing game filled with comedic moments, fun driving mechanics, huge plot and a great mystery covering the entire game.Cons: Controls are kinda clunky, no gamepad support (despite being a console game before ported), and resolution is locked at 720p. Graphical options are minimal if anything, and there appear to be a few more loading texture problems than in the PS3/XBOX360 version of this game.All in all, despite the numerous technically problems, this game is well worth buying to enjoy the characters, story, and all around funny dialogue. Playing Deadly Premonition: The Director's Cut on the PS3 or XBOX360 is a better option, though. The only benefit of playing on PC is the return of Francis York Morgan's kill quotes, which were sadly missing from the console versions of Director's Cut.9/10"
,Recommended,247660,13733309,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,special agent,"This game is so horrible, weird and ugly, it makes you like it. I feel like I am being indoctrinated into some sick cult.If you're a fan of Twin Peaks and similar stuff, you should try it. Otherwise, don't."
,Recommended,247660,13727837,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Shop the Farmboy Way,"Ignore the metascore, it's worth going through some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ porting job just to experience the story."
76561198026274126,Recommended,247660,13587818,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,SirPasquier,"Je pense que ce jeu divise, soit on le deteste, soit on l'adore. J'ai rarement connu un jeu qui m'à fait passer outre des centaines de défaults comme des Graphisme digne d'une Nintendo 64 ou encore un gameplay totallement a la ramasse surtout pour ce qui est de la conduite. Ce jeu est très inspiré scénaristiquement parlant de la série Twin Peaks de Lynch une  série mythique qui se caractérisait par toute un palette de personnage haut en couleur, et bien Deadly Premonitions est pour les grand fan de twin peaks un petit bijoux de décalage et d'humour tout en gardant un scénario à la fois intrigant et torturé.On aime, on deteste, chacun choisi moi dans tous les cas je suis séduit."
,Recommended,247660,13834654,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Placher,"Самый странный совет, который можно дать человеку: ""приготовьтесь к тому, что эта игра - полное ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥о. И тогда вы получитье от нее удовльствие"".В игре ужасно абсолютно все:- графика- геймплей- сюжет- персонажи- куча ненужных игровых механик, которые непонятно зачем впихнули. И все они работают плохо.Игра, как концентрат фирменной японской упоротости. Через какое-то время начинаешь подозревать, что сделать так плохо игру можно было только специально и после этого уже начинаешь, как ни странно, получать от нее удовольствие."
76561197970812628,Recommended,247660,17233428,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Fluflatron,Damn good coffee
76561197971252577,Recommended,247660,17592899,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,sativex,"Bad PC port.  Be prepared to waste an hour figuring out how to install fixes to get it to work at all.  Almost unplayable in its normal state.Once I got it running it had a really trippy japanese horror movie thing going on, but I didn't get very far cause I think it crashed."
76561198063766227,Not Recommended,247660,17793387,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,anja.wassermann,"It is a great game, the story is great, the characters and the soundtrack are amazing.But it doesn't work properly. I spent two hours fix the dp.exe doesn't work problem. It crashes multiple times I have to repeat tedious activities like driving, the controls are complicated (press space, focus with right mouse than shoot with left) I always f**** up the quicktime events, because there too fast. no I am stuck at the diner and nobody can help me to fix my problem.if you are in the same situation like me and you have no playstation or xbox...watch a Let's play or ask a friend if you can play it on her/his console but don't buy this game, really it will spare you a lot of frustration."
,Recommended,247660,16695604,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,RedTail,"If you can tough it out through the gamebreaking bugs in this terrible port, you'll be rewarded with a surprisingly engaging adventure. Worth buying, but only when it's deeply discounted."
,Not Recommended,247660,16662702,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,OldSchoolVinny,"This game is constantly crashing to the point where the game becomes unplayable by Chapter 6. Since that takes more than 2 hours to get to, it'll be impossible to get a refund for this broken mess.It also doesn't help that the first hour or so was marred by a 15FPS framerate that was only fixed after rebooting and reinstalling the game.I want to play this game so bad but the technical glitches make it impossible. I'm just glad I got this during the Summer sale because had I paid the full $30 I'd have broken my computer in a fit of rage."
76561197977130492,Recommended,247660,17880829,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,kilerk,Even more Twin Peaks-like than Alan Wake.
76561198066485764,Not Recommended,247660,14133899,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,[      ],"The game is great, until it crashes and never works again"
76561198041278444,Recommended,247660,13533645,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Rico,"A weird but gripping third-person action thriller. If you're willing to overlook the technical flaws, awkward design and terrible port job, this is a true gem waiting to be found."
,Recommended,247660,13435246,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,CaptainMellow,The game has squirrels. 10/10
,Recommended,247660,13441377,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,AleSatan,"CAUTIOUS RECOMMENDATION: In its current state, I can't recommend DP to anyone but the old school PC gamers that don't mind getting their hands dirty with tweaks and fixes to keep it stable, let alone looking adequate. If you don't know what an .ini file is, stay away. Even then, a quality experience is far from assured.Aside from the abundant technical problems, everything that could be called gameplay is clunky and monotonous. It's absent for most of the game, but the ending ramps it up a lot, which quickly feels like a chore to complete.That said, the characters and story are worth the trouble for those with the requisite patience."
76561198129642881,Not Recommended,247660,13444172,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,HiddenEyes,"Hey now, don't be confused by all the hype you've heard. This game plays poorly, really poorly. It's unstable and has poor FPS. Mechanically, it's a mess. It took me almost an hour jiggering around with mods and what-not to get it working. Controller support is rubbish and keyboard is almost as bad (somehow more tolerable).The story itself is hilariously goofy and weird and has often been compared to Twin Peaks. I highly suggest just watching a playthrough of the game, make someone else play this for you. You don't have to pay for it and you don't have to deal with its horrid controls and performance."
76561197976516861,Not Recommended,247660,13575510,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Morhaugn,"I started playing this and it crashed right away.I followed the PhysX reinstall option (google search it) and it started working.Found the game can only be played at 720p, forced resolution, no way around that using the vanilla game software.Tried DPFix to change that.  All ini file parameters were WELL within what my PC and vidcard can handle, which, for this game isn't a heck of a lot.  Tried to play... game crashed right away.Did the PhysX reinstall again.  Tried to play... game crashed right away.Decided I'd already used up $2.49 worth of my time and uninstalled this piece of crap game."
,Recommended,247660,13596429,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,acw215079,"Deadly Premonition is a difficult thing to describe. Not at its core, but where it counts. Deadly Premonition is essentially Twin Peaks: the Video Game. So much so to the point where in its setting, characters, and major plot points are ripped almost directly from Twin Peaks. You are FBI special agent Francis York Morgan, tasked with finding the culprit behind the murder of a young woman in the small town of Greenvale that has some odd relation to a string of murders happening all across the country.To preface this, I will simply say that Deadly Premonition: Directors Cut is one of the sloppiest, messy, and badly done PC ports for a game that is just not good. It has ransom crashes and even though people talk about CTD's (Crash To Desktop), the majority of crashes didn't even allow me to do that. The controls are clunky and the horror bits aren't as scary as they could be. Yet everything is done in such a way that it is just so absolutely amazing in every way. At its core, Deadly Premonition is one of my favorite games to play and is definitely one of my top ten games of all time. The weirdly written character dialogue backed up by one of the maybe 15 audio tracks that the game has to offer (but it's probably going to be Life Is Beautiful, who am I kidding) creates this setting that you just can't put down because you're so invested in the world it paints and the characters that accompany you on your investigation. Also it's just f****** weird in a great way.TL;DR Even while the game is flawed in so many ways, all of its flaws contribute to an experience that every horror lover/movie lover/lover of David Lynch/person on this planet should partake in. The game is an absolutely amazing work of art that is only $2.50 during sales and totally worth the cash and the crashes."
,Recommended,247660,13680787,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,waycooler,"Funny, spooky, serious, and buggy as ♥♥♥♥. If you can get this game for < $5, do it. Don't ask questions. Just, don't get too upset when it inevitably crashes, and if you are as unlucky as me, don't scream when you find yourself faced with restarting the entire game due to every single god damn cutscene at the beginning of a chapter crashing to desktop, even after downloading someone else's save file. I wish I could finish this game. Maybe you can.edit: months later, i tried forcing my cpu to only use 2 cores. this stopped the crashing and i finished the game from there with little trouble. it's really good."
76561198034837285,Not Recommended,247660,17950520,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Coleowing,"I love this game, but this is a ridiculously horrible port for PC.  Crashes render the game unplayable and there are no simple, or heck, even hard fixes that deal with the issues.  Unskippable Intros and Cutscenes make crashes even further infuriating.  I could not use a controller due to the buttons defaulting to unusual key bindings and not all of the buttons can be altered.  The start button was on the Right Trigger.  I doubt we'll see patches that deal with these problems as well.  I recommend buying it on a console, or watching someone on the internet play it for you, and save yourself the annoyance."
76561198036758952,Not Recommended,247660,17924994,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,stroodle,I Like Games that are Ported to PC. I would Probably like it more if it actually worked.I would recommend this game but I would not recomend the port which came out kind-a clunky but for a game like this with already clunky mechanics it becomes too much.
76561198173718597,Recommended,247660,17919927,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,marcosmendiara,"Amazing! Even with all the technical glitches, I loved it. The story really touched my heart, and now I'm sad of having finished it. Don't be misled by the metacritic score. This game is worth it without a doubt."
76561198038091775,Not Recommended,247660,18002439,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Amor Sin,Gave up trying to get it to work.
,Not Recommended,247660,15182236,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Neometalero,"I wasn't even able to play the game, the support is awfull, and the online help useless. I let the game run for 5 minutes just to warn you about this abomination. Dont buy it!!!This is an update in my review.After some time I managed to solve the crash on start problem.The game is useful, just a pretentious game, with graphics from ps2. Is not a survival horror game in any way. You have infinities bullets, the enemies are really easy to kill, and not scary at all. The story is a little interesting but just for a couple of minutes, before it's pretentiousness kill all the mood. Above all it has a quick time event mechanics in the encounters with the main monster.Do not buy it!!"
76561198127574525,Not Recommended,247660,18055233,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,SplitPea,"This game does not work for me. I was excited to play it and its never going to run properly on my computer. Disappointed. I can't really recommend/not recommend this game because I haven't played it. Just a word of warning though, if your computer struggles with SOME games (not necessarily all, I can play a lot of games on my laptop considering its not a gaming laptop per se)  like mine does, it won't be able to run this. I wish I didn't waste my money."
,Not Recommended,247660,17182270,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,lastenline,"I'd recommend you try and track down a copy of this just to experience it. Just not the PC port. It just started crashing on me and, from what I've heard, it's going to be downhill from here. Find a copy on the 360 or PS3/4 instead."
76561198046101628,Not Recommended,247660,18136425,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Loki Rolanderp,"I love this game. I well and truly love it, it's a beautiful train wreck of a game where you either love it or utterly despise it. I seem to have fallen in love with it from the first time i played it back on my 360, then to the second time on PS3, now looking to do the hat trick by fully completing it once again on PC!But For the love of GOD as much as i want to i can't! As much as i want to play my favourite game i can't due to the simply shocking port of it on PC. Constantly crashing, unreliable at almost every turn, and most recently when i hit act 1 Chapter 6 and saved outside the Greenvale Community Centre, my save file will not load at all. It shows the loading screen then tabs me out the game saying ""Dp.exe has stopped responding""So i warn you all now, fans of this game it is fantastic and the thought of playing it once again is exciting. But it's an utterly appaling port. Hence why it saddens me to downreview this just for that."
,Recommended,247660,13885082,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Punkychaz,"A great console game gets a port to pc. the pc version is not very customizable in the way of graphics, but I would still recommend this game to anyone who is interested in either investigation or supernatural genres.the cinematic quality of the game is great, and the animations and models are good too.I was not exactly impressed by the game's textures, but the slightly low-res texturing does not hinder the gameplay in any way. i was quite impressed with the voice acting, and the gameplay.I highly recommend this game, and would buy it again.8.5/10"
,Recommended,247660,14058243,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Girishajin,MINDBLOWING 10/10 Just keep playing...
,Recommended,247660,13951132,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,asian9090,"the game its self reminds my of an old school game not thats its bad but the graphics make it feel that way the storyline is great and the charaters are lovely that u wish to see more of themover all this is a game worth buying my bf got this on ps3 and he told me about it so thats how i ended up playing it, so when i found it on steam i imediately bought it! this can either take u back to the good old days of gameing and have a mondern twist or just take u back to the good old days either way its still a good game with a bit of humor"
,Recommended,247660,14232377,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Smith Smith,I am thinking that this game is pretty good.
76561198004033874,Recommended,247660,14166675,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Beedis,"Good game, port needs some love if you want to play it."
76561198004192959,Not Recommended,247660,14000162,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,bronzin54,"Deadly Premonition is a fantastic game and a must play, I HIGHLY recommend it. However, the PC port is pretty much broken. You're lucky if the game even launches and when it does, it is riddled with bugs, glitches and contantly crashes. The game itself is REALLY good, but I've never seen a PC port this broken. It's exactly like the Dark Souls port but worse. A fantastic game that it ruined by a horrible port. What a shame. Stick with the console version."
,Recommended,247660,15499731,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Snake Plissken,Man I Love Twin Peaks. DONT LOOK AT THE ACHIVMENTS HUGE SPOILERS FOR THE WHOLE GAME
76561198035047153,Not Recommended,247660,15544428,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,jradek,"Won´t run at all-a complete waste of time.No tips from the internet can solve this, this ""conversion"" seems to have be programmed by badly trained cockroaches.What will the ""publisher"" do next? Steal children´s lollipops? Shame on you, may your disgraceful coding hand rot away!"
,Recommended,247660,15607077,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Extreme Jenga,"Have you wondered what would happen if you replaced everyone in  RE4 with ham actors? Well wonder no more cause that's what Deadly Premonition is, delicious ham acting. Yeah there are times that the voices would change tone mid-conversation, and the driving is pure-crap but that's ok the story makes up for it so much.9/10 wish it had less bugsP.S. You shoot a tree with moving hands, just so you can get a hand shaped doorknob."
,Recommended,247660,15665044,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Fibericon,"It's buggy, and the zombies never make sense. The bad parts are... really bad. But the good parts are excellent. This is definitely one you want to pick up on sale. I'd recommend it at full price if the developers fixed the crashing, but let's face it, that's never going to happen."
76561198046816686,Not Recommended,247660,15661150,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Blue Candle,"I really want to say yes to this game. Great music, Great story and just like twin peaks. To bad that they sell you the game broken and you need to go into the game files to fix it. Then you need a fan patch to get a playable frame rate and hope it dons't keep crashing on you.Everybody has this problem. I did my time trying to get this game to run but it refuses to co-operate. Can get maybe an hour or two in before another problem pops up."
76561198010421213,Recommended,247660,14978315,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Pan Solo,i was told this would be good but it suk so bad
,Not Recommended,247660,15442134,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Chervil,"Sadly, I couldnt get this to work, shouldn't be sold on steam."
,Recommended,247660,15442411,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,t00thlesscrAckh0e,"If you can think critically a simple google search and 1 easy. step can have this game working normally, I had another malfunction halfway through and i simply did the step again and I finsihed the game the next day because the story is engaging, hilarious, and surprisingly dramatic.  the shooting is alright its not the best. I reccmoned using a controller.  I really enjoyed this game when it wasnt making me go from point A to point B. BUT THE POINT IS to have fun and be a detective there is 100 things you can do besides just follow the main story. I loved this game and I plan to replay."
,Recommended,247660,15463445,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Fray Bentos,The pickles.
,Not Recommended,247660,15487592,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,weedlord bonerhitler,game crashes within the first 5 minutes every time.
,Not Recommended,247660,15428539,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Blue HILL,"It's been already a few months since I bought this game but I still can't play this game because whenever I tried to start this game, there was always an error occurred. Anyone who can help me with this problem? Please give me the damn fuc*ing patches!!!"
,Recommended,247660,14415180,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,the captain,amazing.
76561198094051631,Recommended,247660,14403357,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Opus 23 No. 5,"I temporarily stopped playing this game to watch the movies York was talking about. Thanks, Zach!"
,Recommended,247660,14534119,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Sejez,"At the technical level, this thing is a travesty, frequent crashes, barebones gameplay that barely functions, visuals that seem to belong on the PS2, a lot of segments that seem to be pretty much filler, and at times the situations make so little sense that it would normally kill all suspension of disbelief, and yet I can't help but love the game, it might sound strange but the game has charm out the♥♥♥♥♥ quirky likable characters, a plot that is mostly interesting, even if it times shoots itself in the foot occasionally. But the quirky characters, sheer ambition, attention to small details, and town that in some regards feels more alive than the cities in your typical Open Sandbox game make the game an experience unlike any other, though the original Xbox 360 version might be the best one from what I can gather."
76561198009182693,Recommended,247660,7548082,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,f5f9,Da quando è uscita la patch il gioco è diventato fattibile eil pad è supportato. Malgrado il livello tecnico desolante si tratta di un gioco estremamente avvincente e ben congegnato malgrado qualche imperdonabile caduta di stile nella parte finale.
,Recommended,247660,16001624,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Rambo Medic,"Most of my gameplay time is from redoing missions after I crash during cut scenes. It's almost as if the developers don't want me to play this game, Zach."
,Recommended,247660,15898939,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,natland,"Likes: Story, the general feeling, the characters, the way it looks.Dislikes: The crashes, the vehicle handling, the lack of official patches to fix the game.This is a very strange game, it's a game I want to love, but the crashes ruin it a bit. It makes me think a bit of Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines in that both games that could be held in the highest of regards if it weren't for some crashing (both improved due to fan made patches). The feel of the town and the characters will remind you of ""Twin Peaks"" a lot (at least did to me), your character is like a very strange version of Agent Cooper.I recommend this game, as long as you don't mind the crashes too much (which can be fixed to an extent with unofficial patches available online)."
,Recommended,247660,15838844,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Awwpa ♥♥,"Deadly Premonition: The Director's Cut brings you to a place where bizzarre and weird things happened in somewhat seems like you are in a dream...either way the story line is quite interesting where the more you play the more it will make you go deeper into what seems to be a mystery all along...I really recommend this game who loves to watch movies like ""I Know What You Did Last Summer""...(^_^)"
76561198218290620,Not Recommended,247660,15645325,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Lefty,dont bother Im serious
,Recommended,247660,15645516,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Xigbit,"This game is balls. This game is seriously balls. It crashes, it burns, it sucks the soul out of me.3/5, it's neutrally positively horrible."
,Recommended,247660,15637218,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,F-ORCH,One of the most underrated games of history
76561198120954405,Recommended,247660,13206591,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,bhocolate bhip bookies,wow.....this game is the sh!t.
76561198062895850,Not Recommended,247660,13194946,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,thesinkingmoose,Can't even launch the game.What a piece of junk 0/10
,Not Recommended,247660,13490278,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,nightsky,"In principle it is probably a ""thumbs up"" game. Alas, it wont run on my PC, no matter the tweaks with PhysX, DPFix, etc. pp. Hence the thumbs down. Apparently it is a poor console port to the PC."
76561197998163088,Recommended,247660,13396232,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Jjj'jj,"Alright, real talk. I don't play Sandbox games, and I played this a recommendation from a friend. I had no idea what to expect, and went in with almost zero expectations. The game, in short, is a mixed bag. It's plagued with coding errors, bugs and is a rather mediocre port. I highly recommend researching into this title to see if your computer can run it and avoid most of the glitches/crashes. I also recommend resetting if you ever come across any glitches or crashes, as this, for whatever reason, fixes a majority of them.Gameplay wise? It's kind like No More Heroes overworld (with dynamic time and weather) meets closed off extremely easy Resident Evil 4 sections. Actually most of the game is very easy, and saves are sprinkled everywhere (which helps with any crashes so save often). You'll probably spend the bulk of your time in the overworld, driving around the town. You'll interact with the townsfolk (If you've played Xenoblade Chronicles for the Wii, this game also has a system where the NPCs have their own schedules. It's much easier to find people however, and are infinitely more rememberable however) and try to gather information to piece together what's happening. The shooting segments are pretty straight-forward and there's not really any major puzzles or anything to solve. The enemies aren't hugely varied either, once you play a few you got the general gist of them.Setting and story wise: If you're a fan of the short lived TV series Twin Peaks, the plot's basic premise is very similar: an unothordox FBI agent is sent to investigate the death and murder of a young girl, and finds a lot more. Cast is unothrodox and strange, as they are rememberable. It's definitely a ride, highs and lows. There's some cliches, and big bad is a little too obvious, but ultimately it doesn't detract from the fun.I bought this for 2.50 and put something like 30 hours into it, so there's plenty of content and the entry fee is very reasonable. This game is definitely a mixed bag, but speaking a gameplay centric kind of player, the story engrossed me and warmed my heart. It was geniunely refreshing to play this game, headaches and all. Bottomline; give it a shot if you think you can run it."
76561198049837587,Not Recommended,247660,15329644,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,darren,Looks great but ultimately unplayable for me.
76561198053959557,Not Recommended,247660,15338250,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,techwizard95834,bad game in  history
79542197291297985,Not Recommended,247660,14924990,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Kitten,"An underrated game with an unfortunately terrible port. The game itself is certainly something to check out, but, as most reviews will tell you, the PC port is horrible. Community mods are required to make it run semi-properly, and even then it is plagued with constant crashes.I definately recommend the game itself, but I cannot in good concious recommend the PC port. Pick it up on console."
76561197981539432,Recommended,247660,15194404,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Jack,"Although I never actually played through the game (watched SGF's LP of it), I WOULD recommend buying it. The controls are♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics are dated a bit and bland, optimisation is awful (last time I checked), but the story, characters and voice acting are fenomenal. Everyone should at least watch a playthrough of it.Buy it to support it. That's why I bought it."
76561198006208951,Not Recommended,247660,12722588,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,\\-RTV-//Mr.Zypher,"I would love to say that this game is giving you the whole game worth that silen hill delivered.However, for that to be true, i would need to actually be able to play it. This review is getting a thumps down, based on the fact that it doesn't work, and you cannot even get it to the game.I had to leave it for 5 minutes in a windows saying that the exe had  crashed, in order to write this."
,Not Recommended,247660,13199512,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,RoRo1980,"thank God i have the ps3 version, this one sucks!"
,Recommended,247660,13215032,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,MatthiasDeo,Twin Peaks the game 10/10 pretty good. Port is garbage though; so are the quick time events.
76561198042468531,Not Recommended,247660,12995575,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Dumuzi,What a disappointment... Did those developers really think it's cool to copy what everything Twin Peaks has done? Talking about a total ripoff here! Anyone who says this game isn't a ripoff is either in denial or didn't watch a single episode of Twin Peaks...I really wanted to enjoy this game but I couldn't. The execution is really good but the tired story has completely ruined it.pros:+atmosphere+good soundtrack+cool protagonist+good gameplaycons:-boring missions-outdated graphics-disappointing storyAvoid this game if you have already watched Twin Peaks because it's basically the same thing but in a video game form.
76561197995493821,Recommended,247660,13085950,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,SnydeSaxxton,"This is a good game and I want to finish it, but it crashes non-stop and I have no idea if it's ever going to be fixed or if it can be fixed. It's not the best game in the world, but I like it for it's story and unconventional gamplay."
,Recommended,247660,13182126,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Double,"Yes it's a bad port. The controls are bad, it's repetitive, and you have to mod it to get it somewhat working, but even through all of that it's worth playing through for the story. Everyone should play this game, on PC or console, because it's a unique experience, positive or negative."
,Recommended,247660,13213504,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Tomfoolery,"This game is polarizing. You either love it or you hate it. The pc version has a kind of cost at entry, where you have to root out various bugs and hindrances in order to play unaccosted. once you get set up and stabalize it however it's pretty good. This is probably the single greatest example of making good on incredibly low budget. Deadly premonition was originally a ps2 game which was bumped up in scale before being released for the xbox and ps3, this means that it has a lot of the quirk and ""jank"" that you get from old school ps2 games with a larger scale and length.Over all Deadly Premonition is an exercise in video game weirdness, the merit of the game comes less from the plot or gameplay and more from ""Wow look how weird this guy's character model is when he's smilling"" or ""pffft that zombies running sideways."" Kind of a more eloquent goat simulator.This games charm is impossible to describe, so for reference go and watch the ""two best friends play"" of deadly premonition where they will constantly and in detail describe why the game is REALLY GOOD while also looking terrible.""The Pickles"""
,Recommended,247660,13300456,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,>StriderKai<,"Deadly Premonition is an odd one with a cult following. On a technical level it is not a very well made game but as for plot, characters and music it is one of the best ""games"" I've played in past couple of years. I've never seen Twin Peaks but many say if you've seen that series you'll get notice a lot of elements from it in this game.Originally I played this on the PS3 and picked up the PC version for £2 or so......It's a terrible port, probably the worst ever next to Saints Row 2. However as with Dark Souls, there is a resolution fix and fortunately for me at least there have been no further problems. In fact I'd say the PC version with the fix is better than the PS3 version due to the framerate (again for me) being 60fps as oppossed to the PS3's horrific sub 30fps in most cases.If you don't mind the technical issues, it's worth at least one playthrough just for the plot. The game itself is extremely easy anyway so you'll never really be stuck."
,Not Recommended,247660,13034588,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,janelane6666,This port sucks.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that I have to pay for a second copy of the game on PS3 to actually be able to play it.
,Recommended,247660,12992529,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Ginger_Kanye,This game is so completely screwy that I can't look away. It's been a while since I've wanted to rush through action sequences so I can watch more cutscenes.
,Not Recommended,247660,14702134,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,I'm a member of S.T.A.R.S.!,"it doesn't work, the text is broken"
,Recommended,247660,14645658,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,bosnuk,"This is a one B-movie of a game.Imagine a Japanese Fred Olen Ray shooting a Twin Peaks rip-off with a twist of Silent Hill and a bit of GTA. The result is a campy and cliched mess that for some unexplainable reason fits really well into late-night TV program. You hate the game for being stupid and ugly and buggy, but can't stop playing it because it's obviously a labour of love.Too bad the publisher doesn't give a rat's♥♥♥♥♥about compatibility. Many complain about technical issues to the point that the PC port being totally unplayable.So it would probably be a better idea to get a PS3 version - which has it's own problems as well, but at least is more stable."
76561198022884429,Recommended,247660,7601687,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Nai1210,Playable?
,Recommended,247660,19575201,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Crosst Night,"Yes, the art is meh.The controls are bad, but not unbearable.Yet the story is incredible.The story alone makes the game worth it to play."
,Recommended,247660,30402048,Posted: 8 March,all,Pumpkin Dweller,"This game is by most accounts broken. I had to run it in windows xp compatibility mode. It would crash every other hour. I could only aim in a 30 degree arc that made one of the final battles practically impossible.And it was worth every minute. This is a game that not only makes an impression but it inspires. It makes you feel a range of emotions and feelings that you didn't think were even possible from a game. It makes you appreciate other games more. It's more than a so bad it's good experience. By the end of I loved it unironically.It's a trail to get to that point though. Not for everyone, but I recommend it (though if can get the console version do that instead and save a lot of frusturation)."
,Not Recommended,247660,22241008,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,VidyaKing,"I spent more time trying to get DP to run than playing it, and what I did get to play was a mixed bag.In particular, the music, writing, and atmosphere are pretty good, insomuch as they are Twin Peaks: the gamebut the shooting segments are absolute garbagemost of the town, and most of the spaces within the buildings in town are empty spaceand the cars turn like bricks"
76561198022923849,Not Recommended,247660,22232488,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,sagemakaiser,"The game itself is great! Aside from the weird control layout, and sluggish aiming, which is fine. Because the game is very generous in giving you time in battle.However the reason I can't recommend it is the port. It crashes! A lot! I'm only a few hours in and I've had to replay entire sections 3x so far. There's also no hope of it being fixed. Get the 360/PS3 version. Avoid this on steam."
76561197995247349,Not Recommended,247660,22037371,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Vomkrieg,"I simply couldn't get past the horrible combat system, terrible sound, wooden voice acting, and dated visuals. There might be a good story in there, but I doubt ill see it. Also, the game chugged terribly. Not recommended"
76561197989608561,Recommended,247660,27546745,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,pauliesyllabic,"A great game if story, characters, and atmosphere matter more to you than game play. Controls and graphics are serviceable, but nothing special. The game oozes charm though, and if you're on it's wavelength you'll be in for a treat."
,Not Recommended,247660,25787764,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,cvb666,"Game itself is great, this port is horrible.  Those interested should play the original version on the Xbox 360 - it has better, warmer colours and more fitting textures. Directors cut version also adds few things to the game that make it worse than the original.This PC port (- even with the DPfix) is filled with crashes, strange framerate issues and other technical woes. Beating the final boss is almost impossible due to the aiming bug that persists trough out the whole game (some might have luck with messing win98 compatibility modes or alt-tabing – I didn’t).That said, I enjoyed it but find really hard to recommend this version of the game to any one."
,Recommended,247660,27962436,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Lone,"This is not the best game I've played but it's by far one of the most beloved. The characters are all awkward and charming and they really set this game apart from other games and makes for a very unique experience.The fighting mechanics could be better and I feel like the game would have benefitted from less combat in general.If you don't mind trudging through the boring parts to get to experience something fun, bizarre, awkward, and utterly charming then this is the game for you.The FBI is very invested in traffic cones, for example, and will either deduct pay or award you a bonus for running them over. They also care a lot about your hygiene and fashion choices.Are you running three days late for an important meeting? No big deal. Go fish for a while and then come back the next day to keep trying to solve a murder.It's brilliant."
,Recommended,247660,27715611,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,FacelessVixen,Life is beautiful.
76561197992836636,Recommended,247660,27720524,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,NotAGnome,"This game is super dank, it crashes all the time, and has some of the worst character animations I've ever seen, but its still pretty good. I promise. <3"
,Recommended,247660,27722560,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,K-Person,"Poor graphics, stiff animation, sometimes boring gamelpay, numerous bugs and crashes, with no quick saves meaning I often had to repeatedly play the same sections over and over. Yet at the same time oddly comelling and ultimately rearding. Just bring a lot of patience and mods."
76561198011858886,Recommended,247660,27735840,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ninja Cyborg Pirate Jesus,the best game ever created
,Recommended,247660,27751208,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BONESAW,Best worst game.Like a Twin Peaks video game made by the characters of Twin Peaks.
,Recommended,247660,16231434,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Agent,Still the best game ever.
,Recommended,247660,27573599,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Shankapotomus31,The best worst game.
,Recommended,247660,27782726,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,╰⋃╯ლ(´ڡ`ლ),"The coffee! ""Zach, do you remember what the coffee said?""This game has so much charm. I'm sucked in by the silly, whimsical style. The characters are cheesy and I love it. A lot of the supporting characters are one dimensional and are defined by their quirky traits, and that's okay. The simplicity of these characters adds to the campy feel of the story, which seems to be intended as a parody on the horror genre.Deadly Premonition is a campy romp through the twisted memories of our protagonist, Francis York Morgan, as he tells a story of his investigation into a peculiar murder case. In this story, Francis finds himself caught between two different worlds, one ""normal,"" and one filled with monsters and spooky stuff. He is an unusual character, and as you start to understand who he is, the question nags at you, is he really interacting with this paranormal parallel universe, or is it all simply in his head? As he often talks to a guy in his head and he consults his coffee for advice, you begin to suspect the latter.The game play feels a little clunky, with its Resident Evil controls and quick time events. Still, I had a lot of fun running around bashing zombies with a pipe, solving clever puzzles, and driving from point to point in a sandbox environment that is the fictional town of Greenvale. The choice to include these driving segments in the game is a strange one, but strange choices are what drive this game to greatness.8 out of 10 deadlys, would premonition again."
76561198027624679,Recommended,247660,25283683,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,I WILL HURT YOU,The pickles...nuff said.
76561197975806521,Recommended,247660,14660392,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Gideon Drexlar,"Broken, ugly, clunky and prone to crashing.And yet.. absolutely brilliant."
,Recommended,247660,27541252,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rhinestone Cowboy,I will never forget Francis York Morgan.
76561198007288909,Recommended,247660,27421867,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,shakermaker1988,"Probably one of the worst games I've ever played, but I loved every second of it. Don't let the first hour scare you off, gameplay isn't one of Deadly Premonition's strong points. If you like Twin Peaks and don't get frustrated with horrible gamedesign decisions, this is your game.I also did not encounter any major bugs after 50 hours of playing with the performance mod, but maybe I suffer from False memory syndrom."
,Recommended,247660,27319182,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kurando,It's pretty much Twin Peaks: the game. Need I say more?
,Recommended,247660,27334607,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Riley Matthews,"One of my favorite games in my collection. I've bought the original Xbox 360 digital and hard disc copies along with this Director's Cut some years later, and its still super good. From a newcomer into this adventure, be aware that the game play is stale and janky. It's the story that propels this game into fantastic. I highly recommend it for those who play games for plot, because they'll walk away blown out of their mind with the amount of absurdity and wit went into it."
76561198134533318,Not Recommended,247660,27210365,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,markopolou,I hope it would work :(
,Recommended,247660,27189177,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KDark,"""These Steam reviews are making me go to another town in the boondocks again... But this is one of the best games I have ever played... wouldn't you agree, Zack? ..."" - me.*long pause*""Don't ask me about Zack...."" - me.*longer pause*""You just take it easy. I'll bring your coffee out in just a moment"" - Steam.""Thank you for making this game available, Steam, but I have to warn you though. I am very particuar about the use of coffee in video games. The very best you have, please."" - me""I understand. I'll be right back with it"" - Steam.*looks with interest*""Did you see that, Zack? Realistic coffee usage in a video game... This game never fails. Now then, let's get going!"" - me."
,Recommended,247660,27199937,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Immune to Sarcasm,"No human being could possibly explain exactly why this game is so good. And when you play it, you'll feel the exact same way as everyone else.""It's so bad, it's good!""."
76561198007776328,Recommended,247660,27184717,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Don Wadsworth,too good
,Recommended,247660,26865364,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Puke Fukem,"When you first boot up this game, there's no going back."
,Recommended,247660,27050733,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Monkey Blam!,"If you're like me, you'll walk into this game blind. You'll have to fight with technical issues and endure some unpolished gameplay.If you're like me, you'll find yourself loving the characters so much that whatever issues the game has takes a back seat to the experience and you'll want to know what happens next."
,Recommended,247660,26942580,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sexy_Panda,This game is just so terrable its amazing!It has a uniq story line and good characters! AND YOU CAN GET TOMS BISCUTS!
,Recommended,247660,26942837,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,zvⒶhl,"Not worth playing much of, but great when it's cheap, and one of the most ridiculous games you'll ever come across, go with the LP though."
76561198025143344,Recommended,247660,26955656,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Latrodectus,"Just when you think you've seen it all you go sleep in a shack in the woods and wake up to a giant black dog chasing you... A lovable, absurd mess that made me want to rewatch Twin Peaks.Also it made me hate driving cars. A lot."
76561198068326538,Not Recommended,247660,15584479,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Craliczeck,"Can´t run -> fix it with guide -> start game -> be happy -> bug, bug, error -> be unhappy -> game stop working -> be more sad -> save lost -> be angry -> try again -> you failed -> uninstall -> next please.Story is great, love it, but I don´t have the patience. All of this is just sad. :(:("
76561198073440939,Recommended,247660,26852635,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Super jorsour64,"Definitly not for everyone, but if you can look past its flaws and oddities you truely will find something special.(this is also my first review i've ever written so that tells something!!)"
,Recommended,247660,26924842,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,meatloaf,"This could be the best, worst game you'll ever play.  I'd say a controller is required, instead of recommended, and look around for durante's fix, it's not a great port.  From the moment you meet York and Zach, to the credits, this game is a roller coaster.P.S. don't skip on the sidequests, they unlock things such as fast travel"
,Recommended,247660,26749914,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,davidevoid,"A technical mess of a game but if you just let it simply 'be' this is a game unlike most others out there. The game has a David Lynch inspired cooky story that goes in some surprising directions, the cast of characters are diverse and are fun to interact with.A great game but also a terrible one. It's like a great B-Movie in that I can't recommend it to everyone but if you think you'll enjoy it you probably will... just give it a couple hours to sink in and come to the terms with the fact that the minute to minute gameplay is nothing to write home about!8/10"
76561198054811273,Recommended,247660,27589361,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,grimreaper,Nothing is more perfect.
76561198032509144,Recommended,247660,27699986,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Darkling,"It's like mix of Twin Peaks, Resident Evil 4, with uglier graphics, insane plot and characters... and it's great. Experience one of a kind, isn't it, Zach?"
,Recommended,247660,28022521,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,RedTheBard,"Deadly Premonition is weird. that is true. it's also eerily close in themes and plot to Twin Peaks, a show which the creator of Deadly Premonition claims to have never heard of. The graphics are uncanny valley, the writing seems purposefully enigmatic and strange, and the plot seems right out of an episode of the X-Files while still trying to play itself straight. But these are all reasons why Deadly Premonition is one of the greatest mystery games of all time. Engross yourself in the culture of a small american town as seen through the eyes of a japanese videogame developer. Take control of Agent Francis York Morgan as he reads the future in the clouds of his coffee, and shoots plant zombies while wearing a bright orange suit. Get paid by the goverment for shaving. And most of all, embrace the weird, and you might find yourself seeing the game for the piece of art that it is."
76561198017069953,Recommended,247660,25106730,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Yuki,"I do love this game, the story is very engaging. I love the characters and they are also engaging to the point I actually remember even the not very important ones. Gameplay is more old school horror kinda like RE, It is rare that I love horror games to where u always have a time limit. But I also understand why and they do give u enough time to do things. For it's time even the graphics were pretty I was amazed. Now for some of the Negitives was... I kept playing with my controller,And some times during QTE like running my controller wouldn't work at all. I tried to get the patch but the site didn't seem like it was there any more. And some glitches in the game were terrible like whe I had to follow someone, And she disappered off the screen and I failed the mission cause of it. Or I would go in a room and it would be completely black and I would fail the mission cause I fell through the world. Quite a few times I had to completely restart a mission cause of it. Or I would have to close the game because my game slowed to a crawl and if I didn't then I couldn't shoot anything fast enough or the QTE would be terrible. O ther than that I do recommend giving this a game a try especially if u are big on old school horror."
76561198150376411,Not Recommended,247660,24725957,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,ZFarronWallace,"DISCLAIMER: I recommend any version of this beautiful game other than the pc port.Deadly Premonition might be the greatest game of all time. While this review shall be focusing on the abominable pc version, I'll say this about the game itself: the graphics might be terrible, the sound effects were probably pulled from a free sound website, and it doesn't make much sense storywise at several points. But if you believe that games are about being immersed in a truly unique world, if gaming is not about getting an arbitrary number of points but is about telling a story in an amazing way that makes you care for the characters you see, I'd highly recommend you get this game for PS3 or Xbox 360.Now onto the pc port, it's garbage. The problems are so numerous I have to seperate them into multiple catagories.Crashes: Crashed 4 times in about 3.5 hours...maybe I could get a fanmade fix, but it's NEVER the fans' job to make sure the game works.Controls: Space bar is draw weapon and aim (You can only fire and reload if you are aiming) I got used to this, but my problem is, while you can rebind many of the controls, you can't rebind aim to something resonable (Such as right mouse button) Also, certain buttons on the controller won't work if you bind them, for instance, I wanted to put the lock on command to left trigger. After I bound it, it did not work. Same as when I tried to put shoot onto right trigger.Framerate: First half hour runs at about 10-15 fps, it ran fine for about an hour, now runs at a steady 5 fps. Uninstalling and reinstalling did not work.Driving controls: They work fine (If a bit wonky) with a keyboard. When you use a controller, the physics speeds up so the cars, which only go about 60 mps in the game, can easily hit 150 on the open road and it makes the steering hyper sensitive. I thought at first the car's physics might have been locked to the framerate on consoles, explaining why on pc the cars go faster, since the pc version has a higher framerate. But why does it only effect controller?In conclusion, the pc port sucksit's certainly not worth the bucksbuy the game on PS3 or xbox,It will truly, knock off your socks.So says Mr. Stewart.Thanks for reading my review! My friend and I also have a youtube channel called, ""CultGamerAlliance"". Check it out if you get a chance!"
,Recommended,247660,24727580,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,SaintedPlacebo,"This is a game you have to appreciate for what it is. It is the tropic thunder of video games. its a spoof of spoofs while spoofing itself and then somehow still is taking itself seriously in regards to the overall story. Its also worth noting that this game is actually a movie in a videogame. There is a universe of movies where the characters in game are really just actors. Spyfiction is one of the other games that is actually a movie in the universe. Forrest (a character in DP) has the same ""actor"" as another character in Spyfiction.But onto the review. So while you get bad repetitive music (which is a joke on purpose and actually kind of catchy) and characters that are laughable yet deviously insidious you find yourself caught in a confusion of emotions regarding the game. It catches you and sucks you in with it's hard to take serious yet super serious dialogue. I played this originalyl on Ps3 and i kept laughing out loud at the game because it was so bad... but then i found myself going to houses and asking questions and being a detective because i needed to know what was happening. The numerous time specific side quests that give more insite that are only found by what would seem to be chance give more back ground and much of the games nuance for the story is missed if you avoid them by accident or lack the ability to find them. And the story is actually so... well i wont give anything away but its WORTH the time and effort and the annoying car noise that is satans fingernails on a chalkboard."
,Not Recommended,247660,20290504,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Daveva D. Rain,Another ♥♥♥♥ed up port. Worked only after uninstalling my codecs and setting Media Player as default.
,Recommended,247660,25802170,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Tonatiub,"If you can you should just go ahead and play the original or the PS3 version of this excellent terrible game, otherwise prepare to soldier through a lot of freezes and crashes, I did, but it took all my determination and autism to do it.I'm proud of myself."
,Not Recommended,247660,25066681,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,The Swift Jew,"This game is a good game, but it has a lot of crash issues and freeze's, i cant continue to play this game because of the problems i even tried fixing the problem but nothing works, but i did not try everything. Overall i think its just broken so im going to buy it for 360 to beat it instead. Maybe one day they will fix it on here i hope so."
76561198088933525,Recommended,247660,25066885,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,rayjaip,If you can get the game running.
,Recommended,247660,26338854,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Deus ex machina,"Great, weird and humorous horror, like it should be."
,Recommended,247660,27138909,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,URZU 7,Werid and amzing a hidden gem
,Not Recommended,247660,25657510,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,dustdust,Game crashes. Don't really want to sit through the tedious Nick/Diane mission just to have it crash again.
76561197993487362,Recommended,247660,27502216,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Old King,One of the best games ever made. It will give you the feels.
,Not Recommended,247660,7562769,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,Rdk536,Остроумный обзор
,Recommended,247660,23821685,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Shin Chie,"The game is a pretty good game. Its flawed but a lot of fun. Its especially more fun when you're a fan of Twin Peaks and you can see the inspiration from it. It just added to the game for me. But anyways yeah, the game is pretty fun. Too bad the PC port is garbage 8("
76561198025530455,Recommended,247660,23779332,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,El Bastardo,I can't recommend this game enough!This is above all my favorite story ever.It's the cheezyest most hilarious best worst thing ever made!
76561198050483963,Not Recommended,247660,13947461,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,The Angels Have The Phonebox,"I wish Steam would allow for more than a 'Recommend' or 'don't recommend' option, since I can see both sides of such an argument.Before I begin, just on this review. I have played this game for more than the clocked 9 hours, but apparently Steam does not register this during offline-mode. I 100%'ed the game in about 20-25 hours.Deadly Premonition is great and terrible at the same time.The story is fantastic, the characters are memorable, the sidequests are almost all gems and when you're in the zone this game becomes rather addictive.On the other hand, the PC version of this game is riddled with bugs. Terrible, game-crashing bugs. If you look online you'll find some fixes, but even after following everything recommended, the game will still crash after about three hours of playing.The problem lies in the memory management. if you unlock the game to use the maximum amount of RAM it takes longer for the game to crash. The way to play with the least amount of frustration is to restart your PC the moment the game starts lagging.Had I not already owned the game before learning of this, I might have passed it over, but even with getting thrown out of the game two to three times per playing session, I still loved it.The graphics are not bad and neither is the sound. the controls are rather intuitive and combat is fairly smooth.I you're up for a great story and don't mind playing in shorter segments and saving an awful lot, this game is for you. On the other hand, if you get frustrated replaying parts because the dreadful ""DP.exe has stopped working"" appears, I'd recommend you go for the PS3 or XBOX versions."
,Recommended,247660,23496666,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Glitchman,"An obscure game known for being the most polarizing horror game ever, Deadly Premonition delivers a memorable experience. Despite bargain bin graphics and gameplay, the cast of bizzare characters make up for it, alongside the strange story. The PC port is unfortunately terrible, providing no graphics options, locked 720p resolution, locked 30fps, (According to Framerate Police) potential degrade in performance over time, failing to start on Windows 8, and frequent crashing. A mod called dpfix by the same dude that made the beautiful dsfix for Dark Souls' infamous PC port fixes issues and gives graphics options to the player. Now play this and make a Sinners' Sandwich."
,Recommended,247660,23474728,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Funcrisp in Space,My coffee warned me about this game.Good coffee.
,Recommended,247660,22284609,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Osama McHitler,"Buying this game is a catch-22. If you buy it, SWERY is able to eat and make more awesome games, but you're also supporting the malpractice of horribly broken PC ports. If you don't buy it (or don't play it), the devs won't want to port to PC in the first place.Then again, a few sales earned or lost 3 years after the original release isn't going to have much effect on the developers.Mods can fix it, but they don't prevent the crashes that set you back 30 minutes"
76561198158994226,Recommended,247660,28278142,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,kasenji,"The quality of Deadly Premonition, or DP, is a topic up for some debate. If you enjoy gripping storylines, cutting-edge graphics, streamlined gameplay, and a car that doesn't constantly screech at you like a banshee being put through a wood chipper feet first, DP is quite possibly the worst game ever made. However, if you, like me, think that a Video Game is something meant to entertain, DP may well be the best game ever made. So if you find yourself wondering whether DP is right for you, go down to your local diner and ask for the Sinner Sandwich, and tell em' I sent you. You'll feel like you're getting DP'ed in real life."
76561198126178045,Recommended,247660,26629743,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,MChris57,Despite the crashes and awkward gameplay the game is very well made and very interesting.  I loved it and highly recommand it.
76561198068400195,Recommended,247660,27246291,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Biggest Daddy,"When I first played this game I was blown away, not by it's graphics or it's gameplay but how strange everything was. All of the characters are memorable and 90% of the dialogue will have you saying ""what the ♥♥♥♥?"" but it's got tons of charm. I can't recommend this game to just anyone though because it takes effort to look past it's shortcomings and really appreciate what it offers.Did that sum it up pretty well Zach?"
76561198008694301,Recommended,247660,27240232,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DjGuava,"I love the strange atmosphere of this game, and the twisting, absurd plot. Absolutely recommend it if you like ""so bad it's good"" games/movies. It's a shame the pc-port is this bad, as tweaking with the game files and restarting frequently is essential for it to work properly."
,Not Recommended,247660,28857961,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,CGS,Crash.
,Recommended,247660,28621319,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Linxial,"8/10Aside from the extremely horrendous port, solid game that's funny and enjoyable.Highly recommend this."
76561198007977062,Recommended,247660,17439112,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Blargle Wargle,People who dislike this game are factually incorrect. It is flawless. Does not have a flaw. It is without flaw.
,Not Recommended,247660,17186406,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,steryo sacmalama yaa,Crashed countless times on boss battles or so yet still I beat the game for the tasty plot and the Peaks setting.
76561197966267133,Recommended,247660,32173392,Posted: 4 June,all,Corpral Lungfish,"I'm only 73 minutes int othis game...""The couple that runs the grocery store are an odd lot, but I'm sure you'll take a liking to them.""Yes, I'm sure...Oh goody, the coffee has a message for me. Ha, I knew it! The coffee never lies...I think Zach and York have a thing going on, if'n you catch. My. Drift.Also, I'm pretty sure Zach isn't real.*edit*Why so many squirrel keys?!?!Thomas is just delightful.""I don't want ot die!"""
76561198369601190,Recommended,247660,33454740,Posted: 11 July,all,Sir_Crunkfist,This will be my 8th playthrough on the 3rd platform.Play this game. its like running from ninja monkies on fire being chased by zookeepers with electric nets... who are also on fire.
76561198077641140,Not Recommended,247660,30072724,Posted: 20 February,all,G3,"Superbly interesting story, decent characters and well that's about it. The gameplay is clunky at best, driving, fighting and even just basic movement is impeded and would be considered bad on Playstation 1. I really wanted to finish and play this game but after the glitches, crashes and general non-starts of this game I have to recommend against this game. Even when it is 90% off or more. To be honest this game shouldn't be on the Steam Store with the horrendous issues it has. If you really want to know what happens in the storyline of this game, your best bet would be to watch it off of youtube."
,Recommended,247660,27204721,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Majin,☛ Poor graphics☛ Poor sounds☛ Poor optimisation✌ The best game I've ever played ☕
,Recommended,247660,20181847,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Zelrokyz,"Interesting game. Graphically, it's really poor with a horrible mixture of low and hi rez textures. Gameplay wise, it starts off awful, and has the worst driving phyiscs of any game I have ever played. And the crashes, god the crashes. This game crashes, crashes and then crashes some more. I have never had a peice of software ever crash so much as this.And yet... something oddly compelling about it, I would just grit my teeth, restart, and continue.Finished the game and the ending was just as odd as the beginning. Still, it was worth playing, at least once - I doubt I'll ever install and play it again though."
,Recommended,247660,30264737,Posted: 1 March,all,Dermbrau,"The game is weird and quirky and if you like that, you will endure the crashes after every hour or so, the slow vehicles the bad navigation and the other things that make this game quirk.Seriously though the game crashing will drive you mad, but if you are the sort of person to put up with all the other things I mentioned, you will probably put up with frequently restarting too."
,Recommended,247660,12696174,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,BlinkCoLT,The best worst game of this generation
,Not Recommended,247660,30287258,Posted: 2 March,all,Elder Pumo,"This game is excellent until you get the DP.EXE error, i would recommended but i will end feeling me guilty because somebody else can get this annoying error."
,Recommended,247660,26163005,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,ScarletKlaudia,I won't tell you anything because this game involves too much.
76561198198102387,Not Recommended,247660,30121803,Posted: 23 February,all,Faustus1something,EDIT: Stuff it I don't recommend this game. Damn quick time events and frustrating quick time events.Buyer beware: This game is buggy as all hell. It crashes randomly. There is a workaround but you need patience to play it.That said this is one hell of an interesting game the dialogue and characters are unique and strange. Like David Lynch made a Twin Peaks game. One mission has you racing a woman home before her pot cools down. Pot as in soup pot.The gameplay is pretty bad though. Enemies are more annoying than dangerous. You spend a large part of the game driving around and you get very little clue as to where and when the side quests take place.Do I recommend it... I don't know. If you have a high **** threshold and enjoy surreal dialogue and obscure plot lines then go for it. If you want your games to look good and runs well the hell no.
,Recommended,247660,31230005,Posted: 18 April,all,Idioteque,"This is The Room of videogamesThe Room is my favorite movie.Just don't expect any, y'know, gameplay."
76561198118993052,Recommended,247660,31550595,Posted: 4 May,all,Pink,"Deadly Premonition is probably my favorite game. If you can get past the manual bug fixing that you'll have to do and the derpy gameplay it's one of the strangest and interesting game you'll ever play. The best way to describe this game would be ""The Best Worst Game Ever"". It's pretty horriblly broken but I love it.  This game goes on sale super cheap every once in a while. I highly reccommend anyone picking this game up if your willing to go through a little trouble fixing."
76561198256106273,Recommended,247660,34926962,Posted: 13 September,all,spooky potato frog,This is the absolute best game that I have ever played. I have nothing more to say other than thank you Swery.
,Recommended,247660,34942530,Posted: 13 September,all,Daddy Needs Juice,"This game is not perfect. The mechanics of this game are janky and uncomfortable, at times. On the other hand, the story + side quests of this game are amazing. While it may be easy to go straight through the story, I reccommend doing the side quests. Look them up if you aren't finding them because they add so much more story to the game. This game is super weird and it's fantastic if you love weird. And, as everyone else says, it's very reminiscent of Twin Peaks."
,Recommended,247660,34236336,Posted: 14 August,all,suriver22,You either love or hate Deadly Premonition. I recommend watching someone play it to find out if you are interested.
76561198283948907,Recommended,247660,34280677,Posted: 16 August,all,DeadpanAllie,"I have mixed feelings about this game. It has a very interesting story, though there are some details I did not like at all. The open world is beautifully done. Some pieces of the soundtrack are gorgeous but other ones are just plainly annoying.Technically it is a nightmare to play. It crashes a lot and I had to use the save files from another player in order to be able to finish it. Controls are difficult and in some important fights buggy.Overall, it is a game worth playing, just be prepared to go through several moments of frustration. Back up your saves; pay attention to the recommendations at the forums in order to fix crashes.Do not buy it at full price, seriously."
,Recommended,247660,29910941,Posted: 13 February,all,laitizin,"Weird, ugly, and glitchy as hell.But even with all that, it still manages to hold a special place in my heart.It's so unique, it's so different.. IT'S GREAT!This is a risky one to recommend but if you can get past its problems, you'll notice how much of a diamond in the rough this is.Great story with an amazing ending, memorable characters and soundtrack, incredible atmosphere, and a surprising amount of content.Overall you can just notice the amount of love that has went into the making of this game.And to all of you that have problems playing the game, there's a lot of great guides made by the community that might help you, here's some of them:https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=340325539https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=727264321https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=252696824I hope these help you with any problems you might have during your game.Thanks for reading and have fun!"
