user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197996329900,Not Recommended,247730,12429518,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Blake,PLEASE READ!!!  DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!! POSTED 10/9/14Let me start by saying Nether is an extremely fun game and sadly a very frustrating game as well. The high points in this game are a ton of fun especially if you enjoy open world pvp or survival pve. The low points usually make you turn the game off to cool down. Hackers/Glitches/Devs have ruined this game. As i type this it has been 2 weeks of Servers crashing until today where there are no servers left to join except for Last man standing PVP servers which let me stress is not the game you buy. I have checked their web site and they have not made a post since late August despite tons of people begging for help with servers being down and bugs that stop them from even opening Nether. It has now been 24-48 hours of no one being able to play the game and still not one word from devs as to what is happening with the game servers. It would be one thing if they posted saying server maintenance but it has now been 2 weeks of servers dissapearing with 0 communication. Steam should probably stop selling it as people will want there money back for this awful experience. So again I stress DO NOT BUY THIS. I will ammend this review if the Devs ever come back from their vacation.
76561198022989762,Not Recommended,247730,10434784,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Darkjimz,"Do you like wastelands? Do you love guns?? Does the idea of having no fear whatsoever of horrifying monsters send a tingle up your spine? Then this is the game for you! In Nether you can find an assortment of things to do such as: Getting killed by a monster! Starving to death! Blowing your brains out over your keyboard!Welcome to Nether, where our slogan is, if you see it, shoot it! We'll get you hyped up over Co-op and helping eachother out, while showing you that you can be betrayed at anytime. But ♥♥♥♥ that♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you loved getting tied up and force fed a rotting banana in DayZ, you'll love mercilessly getting shot every time you spawn in Nether! Don't want to get shot? We introdue a brand new feature of spawning in a safezone! But guess what, ♥♥♥♥ you because it will be breached by Nether and will infact be a terrible place to spawn!You'll be thrilled when you finally lose your♥♥♥♥♥♥and join in the murder frenzy! Kill on sight and loot corpses then discover that you've paid $15+ for the biggest game of Call of Duty ever made! Minus the assortment of guns and perks you're prety much just trying to kill other humans.But wait, there's more! The totally no existent story will leave you in tears begging for more, and the newly added tribes will make you wish you had just spent the extra $15 for pretty much any other ♥♥♥♥ing game!Did we mention all of the special features? Boss battles that totally suck, nether surges, which you'll just avoid because ♥♥♥♥ that, and cosmetic items!Last but not least, the player base! All 300+ of our regular players will swear up and down that Nether is the greatest game ever and there is nothing more fun than sitting outside of a safezone and sniping new players. Because who wants their favorite game to be successful? Not our playerbase, that's for sure!So if you're a homicidal maniac who sucks at Call of Duty and feels the need to kill people in an indirect fashion; then this games for you! And if you're on the fence about giving it a try, here's some words of advice: Don't waste your ♥♥♥♥ing money.Edit: Games you'd do better spending money on-Dark Souls, DayZ, Dark Souls 2, Demon Souls(PS3), State of Decay, Banished(Hardest/most enjoyable game I've played after Dark souls, oddly enough)."
,Not Recommended,247730,12731480,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Brian Swang,"Ok, blatently put, Nether is great or at least it was. Whilst this game was in Alpha, it was excellent. The ambience was top notch and the sense of lonliness was exactly how it should have been. Of course, every game comes with it's flaws but it wasn't too much of a deal given the game was in alpha and the bugs were only minor. A texture not loading here and there and a few sounds sometimes dissapeared. Everthing was going great untill the big updated started to happen.When the motorbike was implemented through an update, it was obvious that this game was going downhill... and it did. Now what we have is more or less a focus on PvP to the point where it is now possible to play as the Nether (The creatures that inhabit the city). This removes all the ambience and idea of ""It's them against us"". Furthermore, the game began to degrade in quality. More bugs began to grow and the game began to just get more laggy throughout each update. They had also removed the ability to scavange the variety of weapons but instead replaced it by forging weapons together using the body parts of the Nether. Who knew that a demonic, spine, brain and eyeball makes an M9 pistol? Also, around the time that this game made it's movement from Alpha to Beta, all of the inventory, characters and accounts got reset. This also included the in-game money which some people paid for in the form of the Believers pack. All of the people who purchased these packs were going to be re-funded on the in-game money they may have spent. Now this is me speaking from personal experience so I don't know if anybody had the same issue, I had purchased the Believers pack back in the Alpha stages for £22.99 which means I had received about 20 of the gold coins or whatever the currency in-game was. After the reset, I was dis-heartened to find out that I actually was never refunded this in-game which I paid extra to receive.In short, it shocks me that all those who paid for this game in it's Alpha stages now have a game which they didn't pay for and may possibly never pick up again. You had one job Phosphor Games... one job..."
76561198081351687,Not Recommended,247730,26248376,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Silent Andrew,"Worse game ever, at first it seemed the devs cared but they only wanted to sell an unfinished product and screw us over. Typical greedy indie devs.... All agree plz upvote. I don't want anyone else to buy a bad product."
76561198052380704,Not Recommended,247730,8838825,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,danspiral,"First: I'd verify what most people say about the graphics and shooting mechs - they're nice and they work well enough.Second. here's how I feel about the overall design of the game:I'd like my money back at this point. I enjoyed this game for about three hours. I think I was getting lucky. I WAS also very excited about the prospect of completing missions in a survival game. Here are some things that ruined the game after the initial glow wore off.1. Big missions seem more or less impossible to beat in games with random marauders running around.2. Courier missions (sounds fun, right?) End with PCs camping the goal zone. So you run for ~ 15 minutes and get shot.3. Camping PCs have crazy/scary equipment that they bought with real money. F@#$ off. Get the F@#$ out of here. Unnacceptable.4. Stuff spawns into the world randomly and without logical placement. I realize this is a genre standard - but it is a pathetic genre standard.5. The world is too small for the style of gameplay. I saw the whole thing.6. The buildings are SO similar that they may as well be proceduraly generated - which would massively improve this game BTW.7. Here's an important one that nobody seems to mention - the Nether (monsters) TELEPORT and are UNESCAPABLE. I understand that this may be a clever way to prevent them from glitching but it also randomizes and renders unrealistic combat with them. It is ultimately annoying to fight them as a result. You run backward while they teleport toward you over and over - It's neat that they're dangerous but it is sad that they TELEPORT.8. The level system is . . . uninteresting and seems not worth paying attention to. I think it'd be much better to just start everyone out fully leveled because 1. my fat cousin can run farther than my ""survivor"" and 2. My ""survivor"" eats loads more than my fat cousin. WTF. If there MUST be leveling, I'd like it to be under-the-hood pracice based leveling.9. Prey or Pray is a dumb slogan - was before I bought - just throwin that in here. Please just stop saying it.10. The masks that the serial-killer veteran players wear are. . .juvenile. I wound up hating all of them. In the time I played I remained a noob and the game felt VERY much about vets mercing noobs. To me that seems like a poor design. Noobs dont want to be bullied and vets dont (in most games) enjoy bullying noobs. These guys do it anyway - which makes me hate them. The juvenile masks make me hate them more. I don't want to spend my free time with these people.I know the game is in Alpha and that's why I've left out coments on glitches, completion, lame lighting effects and so on. These gripes are deep design issues and. . . well they aint likely to go away. Sorry.Here's some things that could improve it for me:1. Non PVP server for doing some of those sweet lookin missions. Also a no paid-content option would be nice. I feel like paid add-ons in a PVP game is a bit of a deal breaker for me.2. Bigger (Way) map, preferabley proceduraly generated - I know it's too late for that.3. More sensible item spawning, perhaps mildly instanced item spawns - i.e. if I'm hurt it'd be nice to find bandages in an ambulance - ever.  I should be able to make logical descisions about where to go for what.4. No lame outfits. Lame means - anything 13 year olds think looks cool. Just do a test group and delete everything they like.5. Some way to punish Vets for mercing noobs. If there is some system for that it isn't working.6. Color. The apacolypse will not dull the color of leaves. Leaves will be leaves. Paint will not dull inside away from UV damage. The post-apocolypse will be in full color spectrum color. Please stop this idiotic mistake. Thanks Bethesda.7. Make the Nether escapeable. It WOULD be more fun for EVERYONE to be chased by big scary stuff and have to hide.8. Make it so players can run. Like a real person can run. Most adults could run across this map in one go at a good clip. It's like four city blocks on the long side.9. Get rid of safezones.10. Share rewards within vicinity with cooperation thus encouraging teamplay.Out of 10:Graphics - 9 <- point off for the lame old post-apocolyptic color pallette blunder.Sound - 6 <- good but thin and repetive.Community - 2 <- Vets mercing noobs with ""Manhunt"" style Jason masks ruins this game for me. How about some goggles or some scarves or something. . . why phychopathic serial killers?Concept - 7 <- In theory this game could be good. In practice most of the ideas aren't realized at all.Design -5 <- The monsters are great, the city is pretty good, the People are REALLY lame. (bright green napsacks?) Where are these halloween masks coming from? I actually saw witch hunting hats like the ones from Warhammer 40k. Seriously, they're in there. hahahahaa.Mechanics - 2 <- Game mechanic integration ruins this game for me. It just isn't fitting all together. Random spawns. There isn't much to do - or you don't get to do it with jerks randomly killing you.Fun - 6 at first then on down to 1.Game over."
,Not Recommended,247730,10330039,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Firestone,"Gunplay against wall hackers and aimbotters- Lose everything on death including all xp towards character progression respawn with nothing but a kitchen knife at lvl 0.Spend 5 hours gearing up encounter hacker die lose everything, respawn random area lvl 0 kitchen knife, 8 nether attack you die respawn, gear up an hour die lose everthing respawn nothing. Am I beating a dead horse yet?Nuff said"
,Not Recommended,247730,12581722,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Filmfanatic,"Now I'm usually really lenient when it comes to reviewing a game, so much so that in the most case I feel it best to avoid doing so, so as not to ""put off"" players from playing a game. But in this case I am really sad to say that I almost feel obliged to write a review. Now the game itself is pretty fun, I won't take that away from it, but frankly there are major issues that need sorting and frankly they aren't the kind that can just be ignored:There are a lot, and I mean A LOT of hackers in this game, to the point where you can be merily sauntering around the swamps of the game map, and then suddenly completely out of the blue be shot from across the entire bloody map by a person that can not and should not be able to see you. This literally makes the game unplayable at certain times and destroys the immersion.GLITCHES AND BUGS EVERYWHERE! Many a time have I had super gear and then found myself falling quite ridiculously into a non existant hole in a highway, only to get stuck and either drown in inivisible water or just have to walk around aimlessly in a trap hole. Not really what I imagined for a post apocalyptic death scenario.The map is huge, and this is not a negative. In fact I think the map is brilliant, the choice of either open fields of death or narrow streets and high rise buildings to be sniped from. These elements add a real sense of fear to the game and I believe that is what makes me keep playing the game.The PVP aspect, oh god I hate this bit. Unless you intend to play with a group of over 5 bazillion people, don't bother trying to be friendly or nice to other players. They will gun you the f*** down without a moments hesitation, steal all your stuff and then get shot themselves by someone watching from a far off place. PVP sucks in this game, and even with friends, you aren't safe. BUT, credit where credit is due, this again adds a serious fear element which I can really appreciate, a proper struggle for survival in a world where no one gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥what you do.The AI monsters (or nethers) are pretty f****** scary, and when you encounter the wrong type, wow can you be killed quick! They are exactly what they should be, something to avoid rather than something to attack. The benefit though is when you have the right gear to fight them, because then you can reap the rewards of your triumphant kill, sell off their body parts and make money or items haazah! That is of course, unless you get sniped by someone 5 miles away....Servers is my last issue now, seeing as when I started playing this game, to even get to the server screen was awful. You had to wait over 15 minutes just for the main menu screen to load! But now I look back fondly at this time because at least back then there were servers! Now you are handed a pathetically small list of servers, of which the main ones are the god awful new gamemode last man standing (don't ask). SO if you want to actually play this game, I wish you luck trying to find a bloody server to play on....Okay so that is pretty much all I have to say, I wish it wasn't so negative because I am still adamant this game has massive potential, and it really is a shame that it was released in such a s*** state, because I do enjoy it. YES! Despite all the terrile bugs and the terrible gameplay, and the not so great textures, it is still a fun game. Why you ask? Because in its errors and faults, there is a weird charm that just makes me keep playing it. And yes I cry and damn near wreck my room when I've spent 3 years trying to get this one gun and then suddenly *SNIPE* and all my progress is gone, but that just makes it all the more challenging, fighting for survival in a world where you start off as an underdog and remain that way for the entirety of the rest of the game! So my advice to you potential player, don't go into this game with high expectations, because it won't meet them, but rather see this game as a continuous work in progress, or even as a very human version of an apocalypse. My reason for the ""No"" recommendation? Merely because I am hoping if enough people downvote this game they may actually fix it, and then we can all go about sniping each other legitimately!"
76561197989775770,Not Recommended,247730,12795338,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,LeMasters,"**WARNING** DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!I will not lie, This game was god damn Fantastic when I first played it in Nov,2013. The Production company that worked on the game ""Phosphor Studios"" has long abandoned this game (Scumbags) and left it to Nether Productions who clearly are way over their heads. Game is clearly broken they make ZERO progress in fixing it and or making it playable. I BEG you NOT to buy this game or further endorse it.~LeMasters"
,Not Recommended,247730,14092390,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Clader,"Update: Nov 5th, 2015I like that the previous devs are back. Hopefully, the game can actually go somewhere.Message to the CURRENT devs: You still have some proving to do. Show me you guys are awesome, and I *and a majority of people* will probably change their review status.Message to the devs who didn't do jack for an entire year....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\...FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, DO NOT BUY THE GAME!Last update was November. They're taking YOUR money and putting it too their newer games. DO NOT BUY!"
,Not Recommended,247730,14228167,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,ocommodityo,"yet another half-finished, early access mess.  pay 2 play garbage that has been abandoned by devs."
,Not Recommended,247730,10399828,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Jacon Clay,"TL;DR version- Scam... Terrible customer service, waited 16 days for a reply, so much fail with programing of game and website it was litterally (yes litterally) unplayable. SAVE YOUR MONEY AND BUY DAYZ OR RUSTI bought the Chosen Package back when it was $50+ but never actually got to play the game. Bought it, made an account, logged in to register account and link it to steam to find their servers were down.  Tried the next day and could not log into my account or the game, tried to remake the account and said my email was in use. Turns out that you need to log in, to click a button to have them send a verification email to you. With being unable to access my account, no amount of reset password ever sent me an email. I contacted their customer service in less than 24 hours of having bought the game. I waited 16 days before they ever sent a reply, which read as follows ""Sorry we didn't get back to you sooner""No addressing the issues I had, or comments as to if any action was being taken to fix the problems. so I replied and after another 4 days they replied asking me to make sure my internet connection was working properly.I had to ask for a level two tech support engineer, which gave me a list of things to try. Most of them I had tried and half of them required me to log into their website to manage my account. When I sent a reply telling them I had been unable to log into my account on NEITHER the website NOR the game, they replied to please log into the website to change my settings.They made it clear in 40 days that they had my money and didn't care that I was unable to actually use any content."
,Recommended,247730,18753625,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Signal~,"This review was made after therecentNether update 10.28.2015.I love this game, even though the mechanics of the game is similar in a way to H1Z1 and DayZ, this one is more of a unique one. The world design, lighting, environment is great.And now since Phosphor Games is back developing Nether, I can't wait what they will bring to Nether now as they removed microtransactions, Nether is no longer P2W!I hope Phosphor Games continue to develop this game and turn it to a better game in the future."
,Not Recommended,247730,32330137,Posted: 10 June,all,TTT,lol got banned playing single player.....
,Not Recommended,247730,14591406,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Some Call Me Tim,"***Warning to all Oceanic Players***All Oceanic servers are gone. I attempted to ask if we can expect them back at some point however I received no reply after 3 attempts. If you purchase this game be aware of the following:- Only EU and US servers- The game seems to update every 7 months now- The game is worthy of Beta stage but consider it complete- Months ago the community manager vanished and majority of the development team leftThe overall game is fun! The concept of DayZ but more action and less simulation, especially with the all unwordly creatures you will be facing more often than Humans. I have enjoyed playing the game for a number of hours but I'm frustrated about the removal of aussie servers and now I canno't even play the game without 300+ ping.This is a game you may keep saying ""Boy this game does have potential"" but your hopes gradually dimishes until your dissapointment takes over and you begin to hate it."
76561198169071021,Not Recommended,247730,32537969,Posted: 18 June,all,Patrick Bateman,"is deaddont buy itI hope they remove from steamthe game is good but no support anymoreSingle player is not good,cant be good without a storynow is the time to remove it from Steam"
76561198026649985,Not Recommended,247730,26227195,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Moby's Dick,They killed it twice
,Not Recommended,247730,12764854,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Artist Formerly Known as Rinse,10/10 Best buyers remorse simulator 2014
,Not Recommended,247730,14089483,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Solidus,"This game had good potential but was washed down the drain by the developers,I regret buying it, the game is full hackers, many bugs, almost no loot to find and gets very boring quickly."
,Not Recommended,247730,12494475,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Tseldoran,"Let's start with the good stuff : It's a nice game, lots of fun, realistic stuff and blablabla.Now bad stuff :1. Server are always full.2. In those server 90% of the player wanna kill you because you are lvl 31 and got some epic stuff3. No PvE server4. Spawns kills5. Loots are always the same, only luck will give you weapons6. If Server aren't full, it's because you can't connect7. SO MUCH F%&@# CRASH DAMNIT8. If you fid a nice looting zone, there is a moth*****er behind you9. If you walk more than 20 min without being shoot at, it's because the player that tried to kill you got killed by another one, keep running the other one is following you10. If you get out of a safezone when tere is more than 20 player in the server, RUN ♥♥♥♥♥ RUN, or you gonna get spawn kill11. When you first play, good player give you stuff and there friends, bad player, kill you and give it back  to his friend, the loop restart12. Did you said buggy? More like ♥♥♥♥*ng bugged car that will NOT save your♥♥♥♥♥14. Hacker, Hacker everywhere15. There is no ''13.''"
,Not Recommended,247730,12444996,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,The Nefarious Neck,"Short Version:This game sucks and I want my money back.Long Version:This game has a multitude of problems that are being paid no attention to despite the outcry on the forums to deal with said problems.  The developers have basically abandoned the game and left a small team to use it as their little playground as they release 'fixes' that don't fix anything we NEED fixed.  So many silly things that make this game either impossible or boring and just plainly rob you of your experience.Pros- You can be the exact thing you might very well be hunting in the games.(Golems, Watchers)ConsYeah, didn't see that coming, did you?  That was the only redeeming part of the game for me.Survivors- The 'About this Game' section is full of complete♥♥♥♥♥♥  There is no life-saving decision because there is no way to save your life.  The game is riddled with hackers that seem to go unnoticed by the developers.  This, combined with numerous bugs pertaining to weapons, stamina and the game's skill system make it impossible to play.- The servers are constantly down or screwed up beyond all relief.  There used to be between twenty to twenty-five servers, and now there's ten at the most with about three or four of them being US East and a similar number for US West-  One not monitored by Steam VAC [which doesn't work with Nether by the way] in each category.  There's currently a bug going about that makes it impossible to join servers.  You click to join, it loads you in, then sends you back to the server select screen.- None of the weapons are balanced in any way and all of them can kill you in a few meager hits, or even one.  The game's enemies- the Nether -pose absolutely NO threat unless you try to intentionally get them after you by running into screamers,  hordes lead by reapers or dropzones.  Otherwise, there's barely ANY Nether around and they can be killed so easily that it's not even funny.  It may take a bit, but odds are you'll leave unscathed if you follow the basic tactic of [W], [Mouse 1], [S].- The game is VERY Pay-2-play.  Some may disagree but your Nether Gold can be used to buy weapons, food, ammo and Nether Potions which allow you to turn into weak Nether that die far too easily.- The only vehicles in the game don't work and actually explode or fly into the air on you if you try to get in them.  I know this from experience, and it was a painful experience.- As expected, the only people who you can really trust in that game are the people on your friend's list in Steam who you probably knew before you bought this trainwreck.  Tribes mean nothing and hold no value as tribemembers will still gladly slaughter other tribemembers- even during location takeovers so their negativity with their tribe is entirely abolished once they capture it and make it out with your hard-earned items.- Spawn locations for weapons and ammo aren't too far in between as a shotgun can be just a few steps away from an SMG or sword that does about 225 damage per swing, not including the game's skills.- Hitboxes in this game are VERY poor, as well as the weapon system.  Instead of a simple animation to slightly lean in to focus your aim, the game immediately changes your field of view, forces your perspective forward and puts the sight of the gun directly into your face in the course of a millisecond.- Safezones can be attacked, and disabled for up to an HOUR unless players can band together to reactivate anti-Nether arrays in the safezone.  People often hide in buildings around the safezones, an example being Lakeside, the biggest and most common safezone, and snipe down at anyone who walks in.  Even if they killed you once, they will continue to kill you until you give up.  This makes the game unfun and unfair.- Medpacks and energy boost items can be hotkeyed, but they have absolutely no cooldown.  You can keep downing pills in the midst of battle.Nether- To be a Golem or Watcher, you have to pay in the game's 'funbucks'.  You can pay with in-game money, but it costs $1,250 just to be a Crawler Nether- only 1250 HP with about 125 damage output.  You can also get a single one from completing the beginner tutorial.  You only get three lives and do minimal damage whereas the human survivors get weapons that do up to five-hundred damage per shot.  That's six shots to end your life just for you to spawn miles away from the actual players.  You slowly die if you don't kill anyone to refill your food bar and have minimum damage output so this makes it impossible to do properly.- As a Nether, you can get caught in a LOT of things in this game, especially the stairs.  Trying to go up them often results in you being trapped in the stairs, and unable to move.  While it is possible to get out, it's still ridiculous how traversing stairs seems to be impossible.- As a Nether, when you teleport, your physical entity is still above ground.  If you disappear and move around- you can still be killed by spray-pray.- As a Nether, if you go to an outpost currently under attack and wait there until the outpost is secured, you can keep the Outpost in an 'attacked' state.  Players may fire, Nether may still enter, but not spawn inside, and as long as YOU are within the Safezone as a Nether, it will remain this way, whether you're shooting or not.NoteI just wanna throw this out there as well.  I bought the Chosen edition-  When it was $40, thinking I was about to have one of the best experiences of my life.  A week later, the price dropped and the game was still total♥♥♥♥♥♥  The developers don't try to talk to the community or interact, they just do what they want.  Even as I typed this, they've released a DLC that forces you to fight other players, something that already happens day to day in the game if you can even get into it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ servers.  I guess I should have expected this coming from guys who make mobile games chock-full of pay-to-play bonus♥♥♥♥♥♥that's similar to Farmville or Candy Crush.  On their website and even their Twitter, there is nothing about Nether, only 'WARP', their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 6v6 mobile-MOBA.  Nether so much potential and I can definitely see it going somewhere, but with the people working on it as it is who seem to think they can scrape by the bottom of the boat with such horrendous features running it, it's doomed to die and may have already died."
,Not Recommended,247730,13820299,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,i dont know how 2 play dis gaem,"DO. NOT. BUY. THIS. GAME.-It has been abandoned by its creators and developers.-There's is no PVE encouragement. If someone wants to go ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥e on you or anyone else, THEY DO.-ITS IDEA IS HIGHLY ADDICTING BUT THE FACT THAT IT DOES NOT HAVE PVE IS REALLY FRUSTRATING.-Oh, I just spent 15 ""PREMIUM CURRENCY"" COINS to buy TREASURE CHEST KEYS for PREMIUM TREASURE CHESTS SCATTERED THROUGHOUT THE GAME.WELL GUESS F*CKING WHAT.Non-payer *slash* hacker *slash* CoD ladyboy is casually going to walk behind me, shoot me in the back of the head and walk away with the loot.-THERE'S A F*CKING MILLION RUSSIANS. THAT ♥♥♥♥ IS WORSE THAN IN DOTA 2.-HACKERS DO NOT GET PUNISHED FOR HACKING IN THIS GAME.-Zero support.-Zero bug fixing.-Zero display of moderating in-game whatsoever.HONEST RATING BY AN HONEST CUSTOMER:-Graphics: 7/10-Gameplay: 1/10-HUD/Interface friendliness: 4/10-Support: 0/10Overall: 3/10. Not even trying to be a Steam game. Why has GaybeN still not wiped Nether off Steam.P.S.: When overPVPers start getting banned, that's when Gameplay will be improved. BAN THE PVPERS. BAN THE F*CKING KIDS. SINCERELY, EVERYONE WHO DOESN'T WANT TO START OVER EVERY ONE HOUR EVER. Or implement a way to SAVE inventory and/or EXP gained.EDIT: FINALLY, THERE HAS BEEN SOME PUNISHMENT OF THE HACKERS, THERE'RE PVE SERVER AND, Ω ΘΕΕ!!!, THERE HAS BEEN A PATCH!!! I believe the patch was 5 months ago when I last paid this game a visit, only to find the new bug/hack exploit with the neg keys.Still not recommended to buy but, some improvement has been finally made.KEEP IT UP, NETHER TEAM. At this rate, maybe in 2 or 3 years, it will be a game decent enough to purchase. Until then, either f2p or gtfo."
76561198088472170,Recommended,247730,18774384,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,ItsZombieJesus,this game is so monumentally dead and bad now that i would rather watch paint dry for 30hrs then play this game for 10 mins
,Not Recommended,247730,13825817,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Raw Vegan Chef,"Dont buy this, development is dead and was left in a horrible bug ridden and hack filled state."
76561197993239528,Not Recommended,247730,32881944,Posted: 27 June,all,Treph,"I need to write a steam review to earn a sticker so why not do it on this piece of ****.Don't buy it, don't even look at it."
,Not Recommended,247730,12664741,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Jisko,Dont buy filled with hackers...
,Not Recommended,247730,23260283,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,TheAppl3,"This game had SO MUCH potential. Unfortunately, it's seemingly abandoned. There was a ton of talk many months ago about some great new changes, but those have fizzled into nothing as there have been no updates and no communication from the developers. Don't waste your time or money unless a lot changes."
76561198022147744,Not Recommended,247730,12617688,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Kalem,"Terrible, terrible game. Very obvious re-skin of Infestation:survival stories aka 'Warz'. Worst purchase of my life and it sickens me that I actually gave money to these scammers. I was threatened with a ban when asking for a refund. Stay classy steam."
,Not Recommended,247730,8100321,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,KT_Extinction,"Ugh, I really wanted to like this game but I just don't really enjoy it that much.There's no sense of a goal or cooperation or anything, you just kind of run around and pick up guns and maybe level up a couple times until the horrifying creatures of the world destroy you. There's really nothing to do except kill things and level up slowly. Sometimes I get shot from somewhere and boom I'm dead, all that progress is gone...You're supposed to defend certain points or something but nobody ever does? I guess people are too scared of each other (and for good reason.) What's the point to all this?It's a very pretty game and much easier to play than something like DayZ but there's only a few hundred people playing at any given time. I still have a glimmer of hope that this is just because the game is still being developed but I can't recommend this game in its current state."
76561198045035515,Not Recommended,247730,29528754,Posted: 27 January,all,ChemKat,Its a shame you can't refund abandoned games.
76561198072625243,Not Recommended,247730,31639534,Posted: 8 May,all,Zeve,There are more servers than players! (There are 8 servers)
,Not Recommended,247730,10409839,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,PsiSyn,Avoid like the plague. Nether buy Nether.
,Not Recommended,247730,28792502,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,half-meme hero,"At first, it looked great. At the time of release, it was a step off the beaten path for the open-world apocalypse survival game- everyone was trying to make cash cow zombie survival games due to the success of the DayZ mod, and this was not a survival game. It had a fair amount of fun moments, and the ambiance was great for its time. Hearing the scream of yet another new monstrocity finding some poor, unprepared soul (sometimes you!) was mortifying. There was a basic, yet functional MMO-style leveling system in-game, which actually generally seemed to work out and added meaning to your deaths. I didn't even mind the ""shoot on sight"" mentality that the game provoked- every game that has guns and no true repercussions for shooting and killing other players will have that. The microtransaction system was very worrying, and really should never have been part of the game, but as that appears to have been ironed out of the game in the Resurrected release I'll leave that untouched. The game had a lot of small issues, but those could have eventually been ironed out with some love and care from the development team.The problem is, they weren't.The development team saw the money they'd recieved, the potential to exploit the market, and the amount of work that'd have to go in to fixing it. They saw tons of people cheating and ruining the gameplay experience. But they didn't opt to put in the work to fix the problems mentioned before. Eventually, the game simply died.But then Phosphor ""Resurrected"" the game by making it pay-to-play and adding offline and private servers. They claimed ""Now the game will never die!"" But they didn't actually want to update the game, to allow it to reach its full untapped potential from when it was first announced. The game was abandoned immediately after, just like so long ago. Phosphor had other plans- to go on and release The Brookhaven Experiment, tapping into the VR market while they had the chance.They didn't use the previous ""Phosphor Games Studio"" link on this page to publish that game, and for good reason.This game is basically The War Z(Also known by Infestation: Survivor Stories), but the game, concept and its prospects were actually good."
,Not Recommended,247730,25777586,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Delta,"Very nice game, however the devs gave up on it.It's just a shame really"
76561198017280480,Not Recommended,247730,30989445,Posted: 6 April,all,UrethraPuncher,All these punks with less than 10 hours on this game reviewing lmao.......This game was the best survival shooter loose everything when you die game i ever played....best concept for a game like this and had the greatest potential i have ever seenbut the developers all abandoned this game after creating the wasteland.... a HUGE OPEN area completly useless and takes forever to walk across. since they took out the vehicles for being so buggy.instead of fixing the game and improving it. they gave up after the map expansion aka wasteland. since the fans hated it with a passion. This will and always be my favourite and most memorable game i have ever played. The developers should ever have left this game period. fixed it and stopped being babies about it.I actually get sad thinking about this game being not able to play.... :( since noone plays anymore
,Not Recommended,247730,15080566,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Bawssta,"Looked good at first, then I started crying. I hate this game.It says resurrected, lmao still dead as ♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,247730,12577226,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Convex,"Don't buy this game. It has too many bugs for it to be even close to playable, and the spawning system is trash.Save your money and buy the competitor's survival games."
,Not Recommended,247730,10367596,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,GaNjAlF 3ö~,"Edit 2016:Still dead, still no updates...........   Still charging people for an unfinished dead game .Edit: May 2015I'm amazed that STEAM didn't take this title out of the store.The launcher is broken for some people, they are making fake updates just to show that they are still working on the title, when is clear that the game was abandoned months ago.Players are asking refunds and to take this title out of STEAM.Edit: february 2015The game was clearly abandoned.There is no way to contact the team behind the game, especially some  people buying the game now can't activate the product and they are screwed.Steam should take this game away, right now is up on the store just to steal some money to unaware people.EDIT: November 2014-----The game seems to be abbandoned.   Just 5 servers still up, no words fro the new DEV team, no more hope.  ;(NEW EDIT: MONTHS AFTER THE FUL RELEASE----------------The game still broken, can't map all controls, there are less and less servers, hackers, almost nothing changed from alpha stage, .... all the hope about this game getting better is gone.As a lot of people said when was in alpha, this game is nothing more than warz 0.2   :  just another unfinished mess to try to make money from players looking for a good open world survivor game.-----------------------EDIT : REVIEW  AFTER THE FULL RELEASE-----------------------------This game feels like an Alpha, run like and Alpha and didn't change too much in 9 months.- key mapping is not complete (just some keys can be changed, to know what the rest of the keys do, you have to search in the forum for clues)- To change settings (controlls, video, audio) you have to connect to a server !!!!!  I'm serious- Server browser don't show the servers ping or location (lag, desync, ecc ecc) and sometimes freeze the entire game.- This is a huge pvp map, the Npc creatures are done well but the melee combact doens't feel smooth at all, the firearms action can be fun.- Character animations are the same from alpha, they need a lot of work. (other players are actually fun to watch moving around the map).- Characters costumization: almost none, some clothes and mask and they all looks terrible.- bugs, bugs and more bugs (ex: invisible walls where the map isn't finished)- Hackers, (due to the impossibility to see the server ping sometimes they are not hackers just people desynching so badly that you see them flying, passing trough walls , ecc ecc).- The atmosphere of the game at least is good, I love the big teleporting monsters called Nethers.It's a shame, this game could have been so good but I don't see it going in other directions than a big death match map.- The new way to find stuff by always open boxes, cases, it's really done bad.After more than 9 months of developpment the game still the same buggy, unfinished mess that was on alpha.Unfortunally, the DEV team behind this game can't deliver simple basilar mechanics like a normal server browser or full keymapping, so I don't think that they can do anything better with the actual game.There are some good ideas behind this product, but the execution is just not acceptable.edit: Good news everyone!!!!    Now they are addings keys that you can buy with real money to open box inside the game to have good loot!You can even play as a Nether, guess what? to do this you have to buy a potion on the store or buy a key to open a gold box that may have that postion... smooth!!!"
,Not Recommended,247730,33055909,Posted: 30 June,all,Silphen,"DO NOT BUY!It's an abandoned game. It had great potential, but the devs dropped it to work on VR games. They follow the money, not their comunity. The single player isn't ever worth it. I bought the game in early access, and like every early access title I invest in, it was dropped once they got their money. Steam needs to get rid of early access. Then only the truly dedicated would make it on here. Instead, they loosened the restrictions and have started taking in mobile ports...truly disappointing..."
,Not Recommended,247730,22652300,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Tcmi,"I want to write an honest reweiw of Nether, wich projects how I experienced the game.I bought it a while back, don't remember when. I started it up and entered the world. I had only a knife. I fought long and hard for survival but I died several times. After a while I had gathered alot of guns. And I mean ALOT. My whole storage was full of different ones. Some I had crafted, some I had traded and some I had found. Now that is when the fun started. Knowing that I could take out a gun and, even if I died, i would have another one I started doing daring stuff. Teamed up with equally good players. Had alot of fun. I still remember this game as a fun, immersiveand beautiful. I had a great time.Then came the dark times.The games development was taken over by some other studio that I don't remember the name of. They implemented a system that allowed players to pay real money for in-game gold. Basicly you had to pay to have fun. I still played tho. With my armory of guns I continoued to have fun for a while. Heck I even paid a bit myself. But after a while everyone had better gear than me and I was killed over and over and over again. Me, not wanting to use alot of money on a game that I'd already bought, played less and less and less. Untill I played nothing at all. Started playing other similar games. (out of which Miscreated is the best one, which I recommend). The game is uninstalled to clear space and about a year later I think back to the good old days playing Nether. I think ""Maybe I should check it out again. Maybe it's changed"". So I research and it turns out. Phosphor (the original developers) are back working on Nether. They remove the in-game purchases, and everything was looking brighter. I download and launch. The game runs♥♥♥♥♥♥ I can't even tell you how bad it runs. At the lowest settings it was unplayable. I was trying with the same computer that could run medium to high without problems a year and a half ago. I don't know what happened but I'll say this: If you don't have a good PC you should not buy this game. Not in the state that it's in. My PC specs are Ok. I have a ASUS GeForce GTX 660 ti which, as I mentioned: Ran the game at medium to high before.To sum it up: I'll give the game a 7/10... one and a half year ago.2/10 when it had other developers (pay to win)and 4/10 now. It's unplayable for medicore computers."
,Not Recommended,247730,10777402,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Dan | Greuceanu,"Let me get one thing clear: I have 1000+ games, played a lot of them ... I'm a sucker for survival games. THIS TITLE IS THE WORST I HAVE EVER PLAYED. I mean, I payed 2,79€ and I am sorry for every cent. This game is so bad that I can't even describe it. Let me break down this for you: you will wait FOR THE SERVER LIST to load aprox. 10-15 minutes and I'm not kidding (me and my friend tested this with 6Gb of ram and 24 Gb) - same loading time. Then after you get to choose a server you will find a broken game, a mess, poor textures (not even close to the ones in screenshots or trailer), and a world where nothing happens aside PVP. I will say it again - I REGRET THAT I SPENT 2,79€ on this crap. If you consider yourself a gamer STAY AWAY FROM THIS TITLE. 2/10 (for the trailers)."
76561198063790147,Not Recommended,247730,10727984,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,博 The_Mirto 安,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEThis kind of abominably-programmed game won't even allow you to log-in. I've also tried with new launchers, but nothing.And if you log-in you don't know how and when you will spawn, and you will probably see yourself flying around the map.With Steam sales you can buy this game for about 3€, but please:DON'T DO IT,there are a lot of better games. Buy ARMA 2 and play it with the DayZ mod... it's a little buggy, but at least you can play and have fun."
,Not Recommended,247730,31549329,Posted: 4 May,all,Reeeaper,"This isn't going to be one of my best reviews. I'm not going to explain anything, just tell you why you should not get this game.Around 1 or 2 years ago, there was a game called Nether.You would hop on, log on to a server, usually PVE, and find a bunch of random people to go farm Reapers. It was actually fun and this is, sorry, was, my favorite game all because of the best community ever. You could get on a new server and actually receive ""Welcome to the server, hope you enjoy!"" messages. There was no, ""I don't like you, get out of my face and let me farm by myself."" It just wouldn't happen.Now, there is a game called Nether: Resurrected.All servers are dead. The game is just bad.You can't get a gun without playing for LARGE amounts of hours, and it is usually just a pistol. The entire beginning is walking around from place to place with no knowledge of what you are doing. Then you get killed while running there, and have to do it all over again. So, unfortunately, I hoped that I would never have to say this but here we go.Do not buy this game.That's the end of this review, if anyone sees this, then just know, it's not worth it.And if, magically, Puppet or any dev out of Phosphor Games sees this, then I want to tell you this:This is your fault. The game was fine. YOU ruined it. And I bet you regret it. I do hope you return and make another game like this. No zombies. Reapers, Suiciders, and all those other ♥♥♥♥ers. Someday... Someday.-N7"
,Not Recommended,247730,32332293,Posted: 10 June,all,isaacfess,"I'll give you my experience from playing this years ago.- Spawn in- Walk around for 20 minutes- Don't find people- Don't find loot- fight one enemy (I think i did?)- Stop playingThis game is just dead. That's it, don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,247730,13298952,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,HARDWIRED...TO SELF-DESTRUCT,A big fat scam. Also filled with hackers. Paying for and playing this game has shortened my life expectancy by 5 years.
,Not Recommended,247730,30765180,Posted: 26 March,all,Papa,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄Nether▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Recommended,247730,13030565,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,nrg2burn,"While Nether would have gotten a negative review from me 2 weeks ago, since they've started banning hackers the game has drastically improved going from 'dam he had an aimbot'  over to 'my aim was better'. While the game does have a decent learning curve if your not used to this genre, it becomes really fun once you learn how the Nether world works finding weapons, food, and ammo, as well as dispatching most nether's with ease. Would recommend if you have a friend that can play with you, and if not solo is still pretty damn fun!If you do read any reviews for this game, make sure they are november 2014 or newer, thats when bans started~"
,Not Recommended,247730,28111451,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Count Dankula,"Game is garbage, monsters spam you constantly, especially in the ""safe"" zones. The devs have abandoned it and its a dead game, tried it today, 3 players online."
,Not Recommended,247730,10715130,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Nugget,"Nether had one job: to make a survival game that wasn't as bad as The WarZ, both in terms of gameplay and business practices. Sounds easy, all one had to do was not release a game long before it was finished and stay out of stuff such as microtransactions to unlock exclusive content for a paid game. Unfortunately, Nether failed in both aspects, and in my two minutes of actually playing the game (the rest were trying to get the game to run in the first place), I regret spending $3 USD for this garbage.Nether had a lot of promise, a load of ideas that sounded like a solid plan, such as quest moments to really get players to aggro to one area and make things more exciting, and enemies apart from zombies. But none of these ideas come to light, thanks to being greeted by microtransactions from the get-go, cosmetic or otherwise, game breaking bugs like being stuck in a spectator mode which isn't even part of the game, the random moments where you're not capable of swimming despite it supposedly being possible (and roughly 50% of the game world is covered in deep water with no bridges), and moments where characters spontaneously die.I have no idea what game the official reviews were playing, but if it was Nether, then I'm going to hazard a guess and assume they were paid for those results. Heck, one review even opens up how great Phosphor Games is.Nether has one thing going for it, and that's much nicer visuals than either DayZ or The WarZ, but that's as far as it goes. All in all, the game is basically a spiritual sequel to The WarZ, and it's made readily apparent from the moment you launch the game. Save your three bucks and buy yourself something better, like cheap coffee."
,Not Recommended,247730,30021044,Posted: 18 February,all,{WSB}♫Gay Vape Fish♫,"Got it free, still overpayed."
,Not Recommended,247730,11061882,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Elfee,"I know many people love this game. So you all can downvote this negative review but it doesn’t change my opinion about it… I have always written honest reviews and so I do now!Genre: Nether is a first person survival shooter game.My FIRST DAYS with this game:First day I tried to play this game I had to register an account for Nether… That was bothersome but okay… (By the way the small box with “Remember me” seems not to work because I always have to fill it in again.)Alright I was ready to play then but the game just crashed. I saw a white screen and wasn’t able to close the game. Even ALT+F4, ALT+TAB and Taskmanager haven’t worked… So I had to restart my computer what really wasn’t funny anymore. Same happened 3 times. So I decided to try it another day maybe…My NEXT DAYS with this game:One week later… I tried the game again and YEAH HELL NO WHITE SCREEN! I was so happy to see something. But my happiness went into sadness when I joined a server and crashed after 1 minute back to the desktop. With the Error “Nether has a problem”. Yeah I see… Nether has a problem. <.<Alright, alright… I don’t wanted to give up so I closed the game and started it again. I see the servers, join one and this time I see a blackscreen… This diversification is really amazing. :cUff.. Then I saw something – DRUM ROLL – ………………………………..the server list again. :> Wait… wasn’t I connecting to a server? Hmmm… okay.. let’s do it again. We try another server.♥♥♥♥… I ended again in the serverlist. Alright NEXT SERVER…. serverlist again. I tried this with 10 servers then I closed the game again. ♥♥♥♥ it!TODAY:Today I was really, really lucky. I had the glory to REALLY PLAY this game. Yay!And and and… wait what is this? This looks terrible… The graphic is a brashness not more. I would give the graphic 2/10 points. But just if they pay for the headache pills I had to take. ;(I have to mention that I sometimes get an headache when I play a game with a really terrible graphic (I think there have been 4 games which were able to do that from my 350 games =D).I still don’t wanted to give up so I played it for a while. In the safezone I wanted to look for the map first (where I have to go and what I maybe have to do). So I jumped into the cargo area of a truck and opened the menu. After seeing where I have to go and finishing my settings I met some amazing players. <3 “Oh HI MY FRIEND!”… “Uhm could you make a step backwards that I can leave the truck?”… “Uhm.. no?”… “Oh great… yeah blind me with your ♥♥♥♥ing green light and don’t let me leave the truck… really funny”.5 minutes later: I was able to leave the truck. <.< So I continued my way and left the safezone. I met my first enemies… some uhm.. what the ♥♥♥♥ are they? Teleporting aliens with no bones? They don’t even look a bit scary… urgh.. alright… killing one after the other I reached level 10. Walking always straight on (pressing 30 minutes the W-button.. yay… funny) I met players from time to time… who were not much different to the creatures. They also looked bad ( the 3 human characters look really similar and the girl has no hair... <3) and like the creatures the humans also tried to kill me. Good thing they had such a terrible aim that I killed them.. okay I just killed one.. the other players were  running away. Hmm so following them? Urgh ♥♥♥♥ no.. I want to ♥♥♥♥ing see something in this game… Sometimes I asked myself why I have to hold the picking up button for so long to get my drops… even in reality it doesn’t take so long to do this. O: Especially when there are 3 things on the ground and I want all…… I don’t even know why I want those bones and blood… Because I haven’t got any instruction into this game. :3 Hmm so my travel through this buggy and laggy world was kinda boring… so boring that I sometimes wanted to commit suicide. I really tried… but my jump was so buggy that I saw everything dangle for 10 seconds and found myself back on the position from where I jumped… Great. Alright God wants me to play further this game. After 10 minutes pressing the W-Button (for walking straight on) again I was still alive, still bored, still had an headache and burning eyes… and yea I gave up. I just opened menu and pressed EXIT… like PLEASE LET ME GO! Q.QConclusion:I really regret that I have bought this game. ;( At least for now… I MAYBE try this game again… but some months later. MAYBE they need some months to make this “Early Access Game” to a game. Or WAIT! This isn’t an “Early Access Game”? Why the hell… WHY?!(Add: Even if it was Early Access for a short while it isn't E.A. in the shop anymore and still full of errors.)Date of Review: 4th July 2014"
76561198045627346,Not Recommended,247730,33474535,Posted: 12 July,all,BunBunCancer (=＾●⋏●＾=),"Bought this game while it was on sale, was very very fun with my singular friend who was into survival games. We were able to play while there was still a community. Yes the game was buggy, unpolished and full of glitches, but it had so much potential and so many chances to redeem itself. Out of nowhere, the developers of Nether ""Resurrected"" (What an ironic name) decided to cancel all and any work and development on the game, essentially filling their pockets and running, making roughly $4 billion on the game and giving players who bought the extra editions (Which included few benefits such as more inventory/bank space) keys so their friends could play the game, which they were fully aware was going to start dying right away.I absolutely cannot recommend this game. The developers stated they have ceased all work on the game and will not return to work on it.If you do, however, decide to purchase this game, you can expect to find little or nobody at all on the servers, except a few people who want to get their moneys worth, before they as well realize that the game is dead, and they need to move on.I hope Steam removes this game so that nobody will fall for this cash grab by the development team, as the game has essentially no community and simply needs to die peacefully.R.I.P Nether, you had plenty of potential."
,Not Recommended,247730,29246552,Posted: 14 January,all,Kurt,Remove this from Steam.
01000110011100100,Not Recommended,247730,11966418,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Clickspam,"I played this game passionately - have a look at my playtime. Me and my friends went through very good and bad times, went throughout heights and depths, I went through love and hate for myself and my opponents. The atmosphere and idea of this game is great and unique. In my opinion the base game uniqueness is absolutely unrivaled.But there is one flaw, an essential one for a survival game: Cheaters. Nether was infested from the beginning of my era and it only has gotten worse and worse. There never was and still not is any effective cheat detection or protection in this game.A game that could be extremely addictive and fun, intense solo or with friends, able to pull out the most multifarious feelings out of your synapses - suddenly turns into the complete opposite.For me as a “veteran” of Nether it feels like the developers were parents that gave their own beloved child heroin as a 13th birthday present and then sitting down and watch it passing away.Just. Nothing. Left. To. Enjoy. Here."
,Not Recommended,247730,7827865,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,†⌐£íƒë¦ìñk¬† ®,"Here's what you get for $29.99:A game where everyone kills everyone because there's no incentive to work together. You also get ♥♥♥♥♥♥ collision issues (ie. crouch down and get stuck on a semi-trailer... even though there's plenty of room to move away from it) coupled with no real reason to even level, because when you die, it's gone- along with your items (which are horribly overpriced in a permadeath game). On top of that, you can play ""lets-find-everything-but-a-gun"" for 45 min straight, and then get killed by some guy on a roof with a sniper rifle... real fun right? You also get hungry, but you might as well just die and reset because food is overpriced too, along with healing supplies. A relatable experience is going to a Walmart on black friday with made-up monsters lurking around: Everyone wants to kill you, the monsters want to kill you, and all the good♥♥♥♥♥♥is no where to be found.I really wish this style of survival horror would evolve into something more enjoyable than this, because it has a lot of potential to be something addicting.UPDATE: I've already uninstalled this game. What a waste of money."
,Not Recommended,247730,34401377,Posted: 21 August,all,ＴＥＤＤＹ,"!!!THIS GAME IS DEAD!!!1-2 Years ago this Game was awesome, till it got overrun with Hackers.!!!PLS DONT BUY IT!!!Only 5 Servers left with Max. 20 People."
76561198031267248,Not Recommended,247730,14079958,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Grant Ward [LP],Dont buy it..just..keep ur wallet under control dont ..do this
,Not Recommended,247730,12617967,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Big Muscles,Made my friend Colby cry.
76561197988682099,Not Recommended,247730,26354447,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Grusi~Is~Ju1cy,The trailer with that woman is already the best thing you can get here.>> The trailer is free. I recommend watching that.>> The game is not. I do not recommend playing that.Who would have thought such a great idea of a game would remain unfinished...
,Not Recommended,247730,29673813,Posted: 3 February,all,Forcekiller04,"Came up good, promising, then no more developpement, again another bunch of quitter devs that start a project, take our money, and leave it to dead to make another early bad access, and again, again....DONT BUY"
,Not Recommended,247730,10796869,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Salmon,Do not buy Nether.DO NOT buy Nether.
,Not Recommended,247730,12664597,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,tehOMGfather,"If you were looking to avoid the boring pointless tedium of games like Day Z or Rust, you're looking at the wrong game. Nether is basically just a heavy retooling of the same, tired, boring, unbalanced and unforgiving genre of ""survival"" concepts. There's little to no incentive to co-operate with other players therefore there's little point to survival. Treat each game more like a disposable burn session, there's no long-term here.All-in-all, if you're just in it for the mindless combat, trolling players or exploring a post-apocalyptic wasteland which resembles Chicago bordering Detroit with some of the crappiest suburbs in-between, then you might enjoy it just for that. Otherwise, don't expect any spectactular story, end-game or goal-driven gameplay. If the Enemy players or AI aren't trying to kill you, then don't worry. The surrounding environment will do a great job to make up for that as your character can't swim in waist-deep water and despite being above water will begin to drown or take damage anyway.If you're still not convinced then don't let the screenshots deceive you. Even at the highest quality settings, the game looks NOTHING like what you see in the screenshots or video. This game looks worse than Fallout 3 at the lowest settings even if you have the newest fanciest card. At one point this game did have promise and potential, however it doesn't appear to have lived up to any of it."
,Not Recommended,247730,10248354,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Sugarlips,"I like the graphics of this game and how the developers build the world. Good price for items in stores. Diversified items and crafting. Yes it is a survival gaming experience. Actually it just like a death match mode. The feel when you spent more than 6 hours trying to survival, kill all those monster and then dead just because someone shooting you with a sniper and you don't even know where they are or get killed by a group of people or someone telling you that trust them and follow them and after that they kill you. And you lost everything, even level, skill tree. Start over with nothing, i mean you don't want to play anymore. The game still have many bugs, and i don't even know how the cars work, obviously the game still early access so it is fine. I'm really enjoyed when play this game but i hope it will be better than a deathmatch mode, no more bugs, hacking, in someday. Easy to find interesting at the beginning. You will get bored when you maximum level and weapon because there are nothing to do unless just to kill people and it being like CSGO or CoD no longer is a survial game."
,Not Recommended,247730,25556114,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Morpheus Drinking a Forteus,"The game is dead and was abandoned by the developers (again), do not buy it."
,Not Recommended,247730,32555603,Posted: 18 June,all,Dragon Milker,"I come back every now and then to mourn this game, it could've been amazing. This game is dead, it couldn't be any more dead. The game is back to what it as in beta I believe, there is no reason to buy this game, even at $5."
76561198065548374,Not Recommended,247730,23776592,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Pezcontainer,"TL;DR: No. Whatever you are thinking, just no. ""What if it's on sale?"" NO! *slaps wallet out of hand*Its sad to see this game go down. I liked it, I really did. But everyone knows nowadays how these sort of games play out. First come out in early access, get updates constantly along with tons of players everyday enjoying the game. Then comes all the money and slowly seeing updates come less frequent until the game is completely abandoned BUT still on the steam marketplace so they can reap the developers can take the money of this trusting community. The creepy feeling entering the subway system for the first time was genuine but the how cheated and stolen from i feel from this game (and not so genuine developers) has made me not too trusting of any seemingly legit independant developers."
,Not Recommended,247730,10715473,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Sandy,"This is the most broken, unplayable, stupid, early access EVER. The game was downloaded and I had to create some stupid other account for something. So I did that and launch the game. I quickly notice the game is at a rediculous resolution I would never use as default and cant change it. I saw no menus AT ALL just a list of the game servers. and even this part of the game was ruined, as I found the game freezing and I was having to wait several minutes before gaining any accessibility (the game also froze 3 times in this menu.) So I join the first server I see, I thought maybe it would get good from here on (I was wrong, so wrong) I join in the server expecting to be able to press esc and be flooded with valuable graphical options and other adjustments. I was again dissapointed. Esc did nothing. Like really. Nothing. So I hold ""w"" hoping I can walk forward, to find I am flying. I thought it was yet another bug so waited for a few minutes to see if it would resolve itself. Can you guess? It did not. I tryed to reinstall my game to see if it would fix it. But no. Nothing has changed. I cannot see why it is acceptable to release something so useless, and charge money for it. To summarise this I payed money to spectate a basic city with a poor resolution at a less than optimal framerate and a company whoring money from me and the community. Oh and on top of this I heard that this game has micro-transactions. And what is worse is that the devs will do almost nothing that inproves this, they can try but it will always be broken and bad. (I will never complain over dayZ again)"
,Not Recommended,247730,20435991,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Battlebeyond,"+ The game looks great- There's almost no loot to be found- Walk and run for hours without making any progress- PvP servers has players camping safezones- Enterable buildings are only garages, warehouses or houses without divisions- All items can be bought instead of crafted/scavenged- Keys to open rare loot containers- Invisble walls- Huge FPS drops in some parts of the world- Bugs aren't fixed- No end game contentI only recommend this game on sale, it can be fun for a few hours if you find a good server."
76561198075863108,Not Recommended,247730,23261750,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Scrubub,A game that was 'promosing' in the begining but has since then fallen from grace and became a distant memory.Save yourself from buying this game - if you seek a survival then RUST is highly recommended as an alternative.
,Not Recommended,247730,24455542,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Darklight221,Was this game good when it came out? Yes it was amazing.Did it show potential? Yes more so than war z and day z for a survival horror game.Is it worth paying attention to  now ? No its vaporware the devs are gone lights are off and the game is slowly dying with the long existing bugs holes and lack of any major longevity content here.So you got my review now go find something actually worth your time. Nether has left the building and its husk is slowly decaying along with the other failed gaming ventures of once ambitous devs who said screw you guys we are going home.
76561198032117905,Not Recommended,247730,8155817,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Shad0wBru1n,"EDIT: This review originally was focused on the sole fact that the game was unplayable for the better part of last week due to a Steam / playnether sync error. Below is my updated review based on the game-- which is now playable (you can log in). Steam did not give any refunds for this game so please keep in mind that with potential future log in issues, you will not be able to receive a refund.Graphics: 9/10 - the graphics in Nether are pretty amazing considering it's a first person MMO. The environment is filled with skyscrapers, subways, deserted cars and debris. When you walk through the devastated city, you really get a good sense of lonliness and the need for survival. The nether are violent creatures that can warp all around you and the animations are done very well. The first-person perspective looks really great when running; changing weapons and using the various different melee weapons on nether. There's really not much better in terms of graphics on an MMO, in my opinion.Gameplay: 7.5/10 - Moving around the city is pretty fluid. If you've played shooters like call of duty, the controls will certainly feel natural to you. If you're hoping to use an Xbox game controller, as of right now it seems phospor has only half implemented the controls for it. You can shoot, run, and move around using your controller; but access to the map, inventory, and quick-slot items are not available. The movement seems well thoughtout, in that it is pretty simple but effective. You can jump  over obstacles, climb ladders, sprint to outrun nether or bandits, and crouch/prone for the stealthly approach. There is an option when leveling up to increase your jumping height so that you can access higher areas, which I thought was very cool. The melee system is pretty good. You can block and power attack when leveling up the melee skill. Often times you'll find yourself wanting to melee nether, so that you don't have to make much noise -- avoiding other confrontations. The nether themselves can be downright scary! If you're wearing a pair of headphones and walking through one of the cities subways in the dark, you'll know what I mean. I found myself more than once turning around to see a huge Golem Nether charging right for me. The nether aren't perfect, though. They tend to get caught on things when dealing with elevation, like scaffolding. You won't mind too much though, since you can beat the heck out of it without it warping behind you then. There isn't a huge amount of Nether roaming around; maybe a few per block. The real danger, as with any survival MMO is the other survivors. There are multiple Safe Zones, in which you can trade(courier missions from 1 SZ to another), sell, and store some items in a global inventory. When you die, if you can make it back to a safe zone, any items that you put in your global inventory you can have access to. The problem with these safe zones is that they are very easily campable. Make it to a high-level and just pull a nice sniper rifle out of your bank? Step three feet outside a safezone and get stabbed by a level 1 hiding in a bush. But this sort of thing is to be expected in these type of games. Really the only gripe I have with gameplay so far is that the current playable zone is quite small, there isn't a lot of variety in loot, and the game gets pretty old - fast. These are all good complaints, considering this is in fact early access. The adrenaline you can get by finishing courier missions, while fighting off bandits and nether is pretty awesome.All in all, I still can't recommend this game, yet. Despite the high gameplay & graphics review, this is too early in development for MOST players to really enjoy. I've spent a lot of hours playing alpha & beta games, including DayZ, and this one is certainly well polished, but not as well developed. I think most players would play this for a week and move on, and I'm feeling mostly the same way. With the account sync problem taking a while to get sorted out, it worries me for the future - sync or swim. The good news is that phospor games seems really into asking the community what they want for future updates (motorbikes!?) - so stay tuned."
76561197983970175,Not Recommended,247730,31249528,Posted: 19 April,all,SatanPlayingGames,"Hey look, the game was never finished. Early Access funding in a nutshell."
,Not Recommended,247730,22573011,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,proof?,im nether playing this game again
,Not Recommended,247730,31841267,Posted: 19 May,all,420monster™,"This game was soo much fun at release, it got worse and worse after every update. And then it died. DO NOT BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,247730,14057948,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Nik The Greek,"This is the new version of call of duty ...If you dont want to die while having pile of stuff with you after efforts of many days from a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bandit dont buy this game, it is pay to win as it is already.Wherever you respawn there is someone spawnkilling and takes all the money you got, happened to me every single time i respawned.I know this review is too absolute but this is how it is for me."
,Not Recommended,247730,23511769,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Xibalba,The devs gave a middle finger to the fans and completely ditched the game. I'll never play another game from these guys ever again.
76561197966866482,Not Recommended,247730,7767504,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,SAjCO,"If you're looking for the perfect first person, survival-game then this game ain't for you. The gameplay is a little bit choppy at the moment and the battles doesn't feel in sync. However i can see the potential in this game, but at the moment it doesn't feel optimized or polished at all. But it's early access so i have to keep that in mind, but would i recommend this game as it is now in it's current state? Nope, comeback another day and check the progress of the game instead._Pros_&_Cons_+ Developers have a good contact with their community.+ Big map and it will be bigger, with lots of details.+ Takes a different way, without zombies.- Poorly optimized- Weapons feel out of sync, takes like 1,5 sec for the trigger when you click ""shoot"".- Not many options in-game."
76561198006629521,Not Recommended,247730,18033657,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,MS Paint GOTY Edition,"[EDIT 17/01/15] - So I see that Phosphor games have officially taken back control of Nether. I really hope they can bring the game back to life and give me a reason to change this reivew to a positive one! I'll keep an eye on the updates and give the game a few plays when anything major changes!It pains me deeply to give this game a negative review but there is so much wasted potential here. I truly love this game (or rather, what this game could be) and I wish it was developed more and with much more care and attention.The gameplay is your standard survival genre, scavenge for food and weapons while hiding from monsters called 'Nether' and other players. The nether mechanics are buggy and frustrating to play against, giving everything a teleport mechanic is just a lame way of saying ""we don't know how to make different enemies so we'll just re-model the same enemy and adjust it's health and damage"". The guns are good and have a nice feel to them, ammo is a pain to get put into one stack and the weight limits are just too restrictive. You have a global inventory which acts like a bank but again, you can only store a certain weight and size limit of items meaning you feel the need to keep your best weapons safe by leaving them there instead of using them, making them rather pointless. The graphics are actually very good considering the state of the rest of the game and the lighting is great apart from metalic surfaces being a bit too reflective in my opinion.Overall, this game is 10% of what it could have been and that's a damn shame.If you have a couple of friends who'd buy this game, it's worth the small £7 price tag but otherwise - as much as it pains me to say it, I'd stay clear of this game."
,Recommended,247730,13986105,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Draminicus,I only thumbs up because the uninstall button works.
76561198077023301,Recommended,247730,18797645,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Mytch,"Disregard 'mixed reviews,' this game IS actually playable now. I mainly make this review to offset the unjustified negative ones that are never updated, but I really do recommend the game - and at $10 with no crappy premium packages like they used to have, there's never been a better time to get it.There isn't much useful information about it I can put in a review, though, assuming you've already watched the trailers/seen some screenshots. I will emphasize, though, that in the description, it states that microtransactions have been removed. This is completely true, as well as other major changes. Nether is no longer an MMO, but rather a Minecraft-style game open to privately owned servers, as well as with singleplayer. There are no more purchases you can make with actual currency now, rather than the game itself (though 'gold' is still curiously in the game, despite it having no use). Also, there are hackers in PvP, as with any game. There aren't very many, and the anti-cheat is satisfactory for me, but don't say I didn't warn you.EDIT: The game is now $5!"
,Not Recommended,247730,33259380,Posted: 4 July,all,Qaesxer,"Having bought it back a fair while back in it's early stages it was a decent game at first with the updates we recieved. Then suddenly no support, nothing, no updates for who knows how long. Game is buggy, super unpolished, doesn't even work half the time for me at all and has just been discontinued by the devs.Hoping steam removes the game soon so that others don't have to suffer what's left of the game if you can even call it a game, RIP all of the money ever pumped into this piece of trash game."
,Not Recommended,247730,25506715,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Rufus Poppycock,♥♥♥♥♥ these devs that never finish the games.
,Not Recommended,247730,10736649,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Boner Breath,"I've heard nothing but ♥♥♥♥♥♥ reviews of this game, and I aimed to prove them wrong. Unfortunately the game wouldn't let me create an account, so i just spent 3 buckaroons to fill out what seems like a ♥♥♥♥ing medical form 14 times. Seeing as I can only judge the game by what i've seen: 6.5/10  the form was well organised and presented in a thoughtful manner, even though it rejected my goddamn information."
76561197970831067,Not Recommended,247730,10739494,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,big_h_dubs,"Thanks Steam Summer Sale 2014, what a daily deal this game turned out to be! The game it self looks nice when you can get past the server loading screen which crashes 9 out of 10 times. Once you get in the game you better hope that you can actually play instead of just being a floating camera. I think the $2.99 that I spent on this game would have been better suited toward a Big Mac, it would have been just as bad for me and given me the same feeling of disappointment after it was finished. I guess since I'm not spending time on the toilet after this, the game has one thing going for it.No fanboy comments, this game is just bad. Deal with it."
,Not Recommended,247730,30142791,Posted: 24 February,all,Harmon,"I've played just about every survival MMO out there. Nether, initially, had its own style an offered a form of gameplay that none of the others offered. Where all the other survival MMOs feel like walking simulators for long stretches of time, Nether was made with a small, arena sized map based on post-apocalyptic urban decay. You could team up with your friend immediately and see them on the map so grouping up was easy. The gameplay was extremely suspenseful because the next encounter was right around the corner. It wasn't perfect, but so much fun when it worked that the imperfections could be brushed over.So what happened?Hackers. All survival MMOs have them but this game was riddled with them. The devs didn't have the resources and/or knowledge or maybe even the desire to fight this problem. It ruined the experience.Nether. I thought they should just remove Nether completely. They were buggy AF and never really added to the enjoyment of the game. The good times were had in PvP encounters with other players. In such a small map, the encounters were frequent enough to warrant removing the Nether as they were more of an annoyance than anything.I would like for a dev team to take the idea of a survival MMO, like Nether.. Small urban decayed map, easy to team up with friends, PvP focused, and run with just that. I think it would do well on Steam. This, unfortunately, did not."
,Not Recommended,247730,14804694,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,👻 Jägermeister | 猫 |,10 seconds into the game: Speedhacker killed me with aimbotThanks but no thanks
,Not Recommended,247730,10745387,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,BlackJack λ,"When I first bought this game, it was fun, the game worked, and so did my friends game.All of that changed when the Pay-To-Win Nation attacked.This game now is unplayable. The spawning is broken, 12 year olds rule with their parents giving them money to get ""Nether Gold"" which can be used to buy EVERYTHING. Game takes about 3-4 minutes to load the server browser, and once you have done that, guess what? A game where you are a spectator, watching nothing but the empty streets. That's my new Nether Experience! But wait, there's more :DGuns now need to be found in cases, which funnily enough, can only be opened with Nether Gold. Coincidence? I think not. It seems that the Dev's are just trying to make endless money off this game. Yay. Say goodbye to your sanity if you want to play this game.Don't get this game, seriously, waste of money, time, and unless it changes, this review won't."
76561197960790868,Not Recommended,247730,12672669,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,BRAINDAMAGE,"a nice game where you can be spawn camped by greivers all day long.  No need to look any further for a game that is not only pointless but encourages players to wait for others to leave safe havens to get an easy kill for not other reason than ""heh, gotcha.""  Today I spawned in the world only to find myself on a bridge in wide open area.  I took 10 steps and was promptly executed for my trouble.  This is troubling as I spawned in the world with only 9 people on the server.  Which means the game couldn't or didn't want to put me in the world where I could actually move without being shot down immediately.  So much for gearing up and stealth play if the game lands you right in front of greiver.The game really is pretty including the hordes of demons.  I can deal with them. I cannot deal with asshats that play a game just to screw with the guy that just respawned.    The game is expansive with no visible stoppage of play with movement and the massive and complex buildings and territory is amazing.Honestly, you'd have a better time playing DayZ.This game is a nice concept except for previously mentioned problems with ""Safe Zones"" being safe in the time you're there.  Just wait until you leave.  If someone doesn't follow you and kill you, you'll have a griever sniping you as soon as you leave.  Again save your money and time."
,Not Recommended,247730,29189062,Posted: 11 January,all,Wilson,"First of all, its not a bad game, its atually pretty good, it has (had) much potentialNether is an unique horror-survival game where you fight to survive against other player and the nethers, nethers are like demonic-mutant-ugly-things that wants your flesh, there is  a good amount of different nethers scattered around the map, the map is a destroyed city with apocalyptic style.Crawl, scavenge, survive. (or fight idk you choose)That might be your first goal in your gameplay, now the big problem: is not that easyYou can crawl and crouch, which make you incredibly hard to spot (even for players), running is your last resort, the nethers are here to hunt you, and players are here to do the same. Oh and if you get spotted by a nether you are good as dead, because they are very unlikely to stop chasing you, also, they teleport. So, your only way of survival is fightingThe scavenge system is garbage, even if you manage to find a giant glowing container, its gonna give you food or the same crowbar you received in the tutorial, but still you could find powerful weapons or even guns!The crafting system is... meh, inside the safezones (where pvp and pve are disabled) you can find different stores (markets and the crafting stores) where you need to bring weapons parts to build guns, thats another pain in the♥♥♥♥♥because finding the specific parts you need is practically impossible.There is also a levelling system, killing people/nethers gives you xp, you level up and receive skill points, there are 5 skill categories, melee, strenght, guns, sneaky-kills-thing, and survival. Thats the good part.The bad part: die and you lose all your xp and skills, at least there is the account level, xp also apply to it and its permanent, it gives you different random bonuses each time you level up the acc level.Now: lets talk about the pvpThere is no pvpWhy? because no one is playing anymoreHow? it looks like an awesome game! It IS good but the devs abandoned the game and the new ones abandoned it again, at least they brought it back and added a singleplayer game option.Yes, the game was shutted down in 2015 because the old devs didnt cared about it anymoreAnd the new devs reclaimed it and ""resurrected it"" good job!You can still play in singleplayer and some multiplayer, but only if you have russian connection to those unstable so called ""game servers"" (jk im from south america and every server is laggy)"
76561197995189957,Not Recommended,247730,26259558,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Solus,Just don't...
,Not Recommended,247730,28232814,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,soomiN,Games Dead. RIP EARLY ACCESS.
,Not Recommended,247730,8357927,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,QuartzHD,"Pros.Awesome level design,i mean whole map is a big city and rooftops and all that.Facional items you buy such as hats masks and wrists are for ever(you dont lose them upon deathCons.Repeatable action.all you do is searching for a gun and then killing or being killed just like in WarZ aka ISSUpdates almost never happensPoor graphicsJust few guns in gameAt the end i gotta say : If you want another ""Arcade  loot searching  KoS ""survival"" (Sarcasm obviously) WarZ like mmo with different map"",thats the game you looking for.otherwise dont waste your time and find 72 hours key to check this game out.If i could get a refund on steam id do so without any doubts"
,Not Recommended,247730,10397693,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,BennyFX,"I want to like this game.  I really do.  I give the producers points for some creativity on the post-apocalyptic front.However, the game elements that I want to enjoy are broken or unfinished (or half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥if you're looking for a put-down).Putting aside the annoying fact that you lose everything and your skills upon (a guaranteed) death, exploration is buggy with random invisible walls (with loot behind them btw), hit-boxes on players are either tiny or really picky about direction, key bindings can be bugged, keeping players from using flashlights or even reloading their guns.Overall, the game is way too frustrating because you have to fight the game itself.  I regret spending my money on this."
76561197991363845,Not Recommended,247730,9039887,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,TheMuffinMan,Bought this game during steam deals... I cant play it. Tried contacting them and still have not heard from them.
76561198131158743,Not Recommended,247730,22804659,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Dagan,"I bought this game because i thought if I got on the ground floor of it I would be rewarded and be able to look at it on oits compleation date with a sense of pride.Ha, once again i have bamboozled myself-Day 1-Damn there's a lot of guns in all the screen shots. I should be able to find one.-Day2-This world is a cruel one, but through the power of stealth I can conquer it. Still no sight of guns.-Day5-Started a caravan of delivering boxes between two outposts to mkae money. Slightly grindy, yet interesting, bought myself a katana. There's no way for me to buy a gun.-Day20-Money to spare. Ho look at that creature of there. Larger than the standered leaper or howler, stronger too probobly, im going to try to sneak.-Day20.1-oh he's chasing me, well im sure that because he's bigger he's slower right?NoDives into the groundPops up in front of meI slash him up with my trusty katana, the best melee wepon buyable, does nothing.He looks at me,I look at him,He raises his arm,I Pray he's not OPGameLord ""Let there be death upon this one""He tripple strikes me for 1200 health instantly killing me and scattering my posessions to the windLol never found a gun, never lost a gun, take that game overlord."
,Not Recommended,247730,34856797,Posted: 10 September,all,MoDSec,This game is a dead abandoned piece of♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,247730,10367014,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,IsaacOhYeah,I love this game but its gets a little frustrating when your carrying 3 items on you worth 3000 dollors about to reach safe zone and Boom a safezone camper shoots you in the knee. The funniest things happenin this game but they have to work some things out .
76561197997117416,Not Recommended,247730,9001488,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,morganleepainting,"This game is terrible. It's a relatively small 64 player map game, that has just ONE map. It has a few destination missions that pop up randomly, but chances are you're already dead close to where you spawned because everyone thinks it's just a deathmatch....which it just about is. You lose your whole character when you die....I suppose to be more ""realistic"", because we all know how much fun it is to die irl over and over and over again losing yourself forever, so of course it should be used as entertainment in a game. After the 5th time or so you make a new character in 30 minutes after dying constantly to players, you'll realise that the spooky creatured, huge mapped MMO you thought this game was, is nothing more than a cheap, oversized 4 player deathmatch in a cheap city, with a few cheap missions that wont matter because your character will NOT exist 5 minutes from now unless you play when no one is online. But THEN, you will still die and all of that was for nothing. Play DayZ. or Rust. Rust is far bigger and it's barely even started. Holy balls this game is bad."
76561198113053793,Not Recommended,247730,22551214,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,GregTheCat,It would be a fun game if they updated it ever. i wouldnt buy it until a major update comes out and the way it seems that wont happen soon
,Not Recommended,247730,10752286,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Celgaming,"Don't buy this game. It literally is a walking simulator with pay to win cash shops and dull♥♥♥♥♥combat. It might look decent in screenshots and demos due to the massive amounts of filters they have injected into the engine which also runs a rendering resolution of 800x600 from the looks of flickering edges even with AA turned on. Not to mention the game has massive stuttering issues and this is coming from someone who played this over 8 months ago and again today and nothing has been resolved.The game crashes randomly, requires an external account and their website has no password recovery that works. The game is insanely unoriginal with enemies that can't actually get to you due to the overly cluttered maps so they simply warp around like crazy.This game is just like it's in-game world: just filled with garbage bags and empty promises."
76561198120408384,Not Recommended,247730,12720994,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,CarelessOwlBear,Game used to be really fun but after the savage butcher knive hunters have gathered to kill everyone on site i wish i bought SUBWAY instead.
,Not Recommended,247730,15162681,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,iFourHundred,"My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, ""If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately."" Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- ""Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through."" I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway."
,Not Recommended,247730,8835875,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Skooma,"I'm a huge surival game fan, but this game is horrible. I know it's in Beta, but still.. Completely one sided, you spawn with a kitchen knife, only to be blasted by high level players with machine guns. Even if you manage to get away and find some lewt (which is also very rare), you are then glitch killed through walls by very hard hitting mobs. When you die, you lose your character, levels, money, and inventory, only to start again with a kitchen knife and be shot by high level campers. This game is exactly the reason I wish Steam offered refunds -_-Also, installing + syncing my Steam account was a huge waste of a confusing hour before I could even start to download the game. -10"
,Not Recommended,247730,25394632,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,ZedRiot,"This game had potential, and it was sort of fun initially... but it was and still is a waste of money. Not to mention it's dead and abandoned.If this game were free to play, optimized, still being developed and not completely dead, then I could possibly recommend it as a casual KoS trash game, but that isn't the case.Please do not waste your time or money."
,Not Recommended,247730,34409458,Posted: 21 August,all,SirDannyMacFinn,The game concept is super cool and almost executed well. Bad community with tough learning curve and abandoned devs makes it a super lackluster experience.
76561197969653633,Not Recommended,247730,25078801,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,ClassicJoe,"Stop. Do not get this. It was fun once. Unfortunatl this Game is Dead. There are NO Updates to this unfinnished let-down of a game. Mininal Servers remain and the players who still play are mainly fanboys who refuse to accept they got taken like the rest of us when we paid for this game.Pros:-It was fun when people still played and the hope of updates and new content fromt he devs was still alive.-Was a fun concept-Decent Graphics-Cool Ceratures and NPC'sCons:-Terrible and Toxic Community (Makes Rust isalnd seem like not such a bad place to live)-No Updates-Unfinnished-Gets Old-Lacking Mission Variety-Glitchy-Few Servers-Few Players-Developers favorite song is ""take the money and run"" we should have known...-Terrible XP System"
,Recommended,247730,18902792,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Venterivia,"Nice to see it's not being abandoned, the game come back after being resurrected from the microtransaction.Some big developer (OVERDRILL) must learn from this dev.Expected a lot to be add in game in the future for this game!"
76561198115986150,Not Recommended,247730,24532716,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Mantis,So much potential flushed down the drain. Can't believe I wasted $35 back in the day on this game for some special edition.
76561198077102047,Not Recommended,247730,11082739,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Steak and Potatoes,"Welcome to Nether thank you for your money in my pocket please make a log in and sync your steam account with our forums: Jimmies rustled. Fair enough good sir I chant! Progressing the waste of my day to play and make a log in on a hideous forum I will never go on again only to have the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥syncd to my steam account so they may shovel rubbish into my email like a drunk vomiting into his flat mates toilet.....Log in completed...... I finger the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the sync 50 times until it loads a hard on and finally stuffs the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ that is my steam account.  Freshly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and ready to test word of mouth and a youtube video of WarZ giving life a second go I slap the ♥♥♥♥♥ into action.  Select play on steam present my fabulous log in info for the ♥♥♥♥♥ and let it spit out a mass download/install.  By this time I have roughly an hour of playtime lost to pressing buttons, checking emails, sync attempt fails and a sideways♥♥♥♥♥♥of a log in screen ejaculating its GB download into my eye.  Not letting it best me, I step out and puff a cig like a young mick jagger waiting to take the stage and return with a fresh attitude.  Download completed as I return and the game shuts down without one stroke of my keys.I fancy another go at log in and its successful only one issue........ every server is empty.  This to me appears either I am the only idiot in the world who did not read between the lines and purchased a suck fest off hype or there is no one who has successfully reached this stage of the game.  Mind you release was a day before.  I check the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥forum no info, customer support bonus instantly.I shotgun wedding and log into a server to be greeted by black screen.  Shutdown, restart, rinse repeat for another 30 minutes until I have decided this was not the best 2 hours of gaming I have ever played.  I give it a days time and look to the heavens that Halloween will bring me candy upon log in.  I load in (Day-2) suprise mother ♥♥♥♥er you get to download more♥♥♥♥♥♥for your fetish.... Frustrated I go back to the drawing board via cig presuming my mick jagger tude will return to stage.  Return after another sploog of Gigs is now dripping from my screen and select play.  Make it into a server (18 minute wait) and come to character selection.  I get a red shirt, a brown shirt, a blue shirt and some pants.  Cool♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I pick the most flamboyant gear and load in with hopes someone will spot me quick and we may raise fisticuffs.I type over side chat “is this pay to win” first response from this beloved games community is I do not think so....Not convinced I leg it around the map looking at I am legend meets a glowstick anal fest and find a player jacking off under a bridge.  I run up and slip him my blade watching him struggle till his heart ceases.  Not bad I thought.... shots then begin to pour over my character as some kid with what I assumed was a sweet purchased gun spills every round into the dirt and walls, no survival based weapons are exhausted in such a manner.  He runs away telling me I cannot attack him in the safe zone???????????  :V !!!!  He steps out again after buying more ammo to miss me and I break for it.  He vomits rounds left and right coming about as close to me as an overweight woman to a treadmill.  Based on his lack of abilites I stopped running and took a pimp stride Neoing through his rounds until he met the Matrix face to face.  I stab him in the thoracic cavity and my game freezes.I am Nether playing this again..Log out and go beat meat to lumber jack videos."
76561198211819900,Not Recommended,247730,22890725,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Snipes,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\...."
76561197969580266,Not Recommended,247730,23161169,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Baconbits,"Stay far away. This game was released from EA before it was ready. Then it was hijacked by another company that implemented P2W features and ignored their HUGE hacker problem.The game was abandoned by the community quickly. Phosphor finally grew a pair and took their game back. They added the ""Resurrected"" title and removed the P2W features, but somehow screwed up the PC optimizations that worked years ago. Nothing else has been fixed and the Devs are spewing PR garbage promises about fixing it after their other projects are done.There's also more than several posts on the forums of individuals who paid for the game but can't play it because of cd-key issues."
,Not Recommended,247730,25484864,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Twitch//NmercyRox,"i expend 20 dollaers 2 yerars ago never fixed, the worst buy ever."
76561197971072483,Not Recommended,247730,26574656,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Gunner,game is dead
,Not Recommended,247730,22528141,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,KillallHippies,avoid this game. the devs abandoned it to work in another title that most surely will get nowhere.theres no aspect of this title better than other survival games and anyways theres almost no people playing it. AVOID!
,Not Recommended,247730,20841763,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,"Communist ""Joseph Ballin"" Layton","Nether somewhat recently took on a new developer, who took control of the game and removed microtransations, but even though the game is getting better it still needs a lot of work. Nether is essentially ""another survival game"" in the vein of DayZ, but with more varied enemies and more focus on trading and missions. But while everything looks better at a glance, the monsters are only loosely functional, and instead of doing any real animating or pathfinding for them they just make it so that most of the monsters teleport right in front of you every time they need to move, making all of the combat one big pain. It's also still fairly buggy, even retaining some bugs that seem to have existed for months despite being obvious things like flashlights being disabled entirely when the player rebinds their keys. But above all, the damning aspect of the game is that there just isn't anybody playing. The only server that I've seen regularly have more than 20 people is a PVE server, which removes the tension of meeting another player in the field and not knowing if they're friendly that makes the genre so appealing to a lot of people. The only way I could really recommend Nether is if you have a bunch of friends who can't afford much better games like Ark: Survival Evolved and have to make do with buying this for $1 on sale, because that's really all it's worth right now. This is pretty much an Early Access game disguised as a full title."
76561198020645224,Not Recommended,247730,32180442,Posted: 4 June,all,Aurien,Dead..Just Dead..
76561198067101276,Not Recommended,247730,32757018,Posted: 24 June,all,Ockhum,"Dead Game, DO NOT BUY IT."
,Not Recommended,247730,34677114,Posted: 1 September,all,RoaringEagle,"Completely dead. Oh well, was fun when it was being actively worked on."
76561198063411374,Not Recommended,247730,9048582,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Lumine-Assasin,"I got this game looking forward to the survival aspect of it, but it really is just a spawn kill fest of people camping the safe zones and killing people who have nothing. it got to the point were i would deposit everything including my knife and run around for a second, grab a coupple things then deposit ... then i realized that, that is not fun lol and a lame way to play a game. i sincerly see this game as broken. and with all the glitches, lags, and spawn killing i highly advize no one buy this game. I just wished someone told me sooner haha - its unfortunate, i think this game could have been amazing! but as it stands its LITTERALLY the worst game iv played in my 27 years of life on this earth hahaha! DO NOT BUY THIS GAME lol XP"
,Not Recommended,247730,12719050,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Rhouri,"LET ME SUMMARIZE MY EXPERIENCE IN ALL:When I first got the game, it was the first week of release. Besides the lighting bugs and other various bugs, the raw gameplay was phenominal... then♥♥♥♥♥♥hit the fan. I couldn't log in for about 3 weeks due to an update. once that was resolved, i met my best friend John. We played a LOT! Tons of fun just picking up guns and doing pvp. That was it. IT WAS THE BEST GAME EVER! Made 2 groups of 8 and we had a blast. It finally came to an end and we took a break for about 8 months. This break led to some interesting changes to the game.The game had tribes, crafting, and NO GUN SPAWNS! This was horrible on top of the hacking that the new VAC didn't stop. I reunited with 5 of the 8 including John to play again for old times sake. We all died literally instantaneously by hackers and we were hunted with esp and aimbot. It was aweful. Ill never forget the last words of John saying ""Wow.... They ♥♥♥♥ed this game up.""IN CONCLUSION, Nether WAS a good game, but the newer updates and new content trying to mask the bugs dosent make their situatuion any better. I hope the devs or someone of importance sees this and I hope I can sway you into the correct path so you dont make a 40 dollar mistake. It WAS fun guys.... not anymore...."
76561198162901699,Not Recommended,247730,14977349,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,OH NOOO ITS GOOJIRAAA,"I bought the game, wanted to play the game, the game wouldnt launch 10\10"
,Not Recommended,247730,10733916,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,skittle,"Game doesn't work, can't even load past the server screen and it freezes. I'd rather kill myself than try to run this game, it's giving me cancer of the brain. If you like games that are screen smashingly frustrating to work then this is the game for you. The latest piece of ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥running Unreal engine that doesn't work will make you froth at the mouth from hours of anger trying to even get this stupid ♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥to work. Good luck even trying to get out of spawn while trying to play this. It's not worth the $3 I paid for it during this sale, and would rather throw myself off a cliff than pay the $3 to purchase it again if I had the choice. Literally makes me want to chop my wang off and then let a pack of ravenous hyena's gnaw at my ballsack for 12 hours."
,Not Recommended,247730,8647742,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Billy ray cyrus,"Before I start, please excuse my english. I am not a native speaker.I am going to start with the fact that I do know that the game is in early access. This is why the game is choppy with bad optimimization (A 7970 should be able to handle this game 60 fps on highest settings fine right? That is not the case), with really bad server lag. You can also pretty much fly over uneven terrain.These are problems I am sure will be fixed in the full game, but here comes the part that is unfixable. The community is pretty much the worst i have experienced. I am talking MLG 1337 pr0 h4X0rz call of duty levels here. Its mostly a bunch of 12 year olds who could not afford dayz, or it was too complicated maybe? Dont expect this game to have complicated mechanics. Anyway the game is absolutely unenjoyable when you get killed on sight, especially when you lose all your loot and levels on death. The only real way i see of getting rid of this problem is either making a way larger map and not have safe zones , but player houses or some♥♥♥♥♥♥like that. Or straight up Pve servers. And as a final minor gripe I would like to get different bars for hunger and thirst since that would make the game way more challenging."
,Not Recommended,247730,13999099,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Kuzkula,"Awful. The game itself is okay with some surreal bugs, however there are some albeit few good aspects to this. Hackers are rampant, the game has third party ""sign in"" bullcrap that can hang up and screw you over, you can fall through the ground at any time, and walking in a puddle can drown you.Next. The guns are fun and versatile, the monsters are predictable in attack patterns but their ability to teleport is what shakes things up. Players are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and hackers 9/10ths of the time, so shoot on sight if they're not in your clan. I once killed a hacker who had 10 people's worth of equipment pour out of him on death. Took me and a friend 5 trips to bring it all back and sell with the largest backpacks.Oh, so the best part? The Developers are no longer supporting this game. It's been removed from alpha/beta in quick succession so no refunds could be given through steam with their pre-release clause, and since then the updates have absolutely stopped. Asking about it in the forums on their website gets you banned, and you should not give them any more money for this game. It's not worth the $10, to be honest.So please, I implore you, do not buy this mistake. It had promise, and the developers put JUUUUST enough in to make it seem like a good thing. Once they locked everyone in and secured the money, they vanished."
,Not Recommended,247730,25113556,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,"Dark Assassin, Link™","back in the days a few years ago, it was really fun to go out and survive, traveling to different safezones and liberate them of the nether enemies that roam there when the devices are needing repairs. As well as that it helped to get the special edition back in the day. Us players who have gotten the game in special ""Chosen Edition"" (There are other editions), We got a 2nd currency that would give us perks such as the Soldier skin or other skins. Instead when they rolled it back, They completely got rid of that. usually when game devs gets the game out of beta the people who paid the extra cash for the special editions, they get extra bonuses if they stuck around. Nope not us, we wasted 30+ dollars getting an edition we essentially didnt keep. And the game isnt that good anymore. Despite that what was the point getting the game back when it was $10 base price without special edition?"
,Not Recommended,247730,27843521,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Laso.GZ,It is not worth buying...
,Not Recommended,247730,28365457,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Valerium,This game will hopefully remind everyone why early access is a terrible idea.
,Recommended,247730,12416350,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Merishya292⛧Sleeping,"Now, before indulging any further into ridiculous so-called ""reviews"" of this game from hardcore zombie game p*ssies that doesn't go into detail (no offense). I'll give you my version, including... let's just say EVERYTHING ELSE than gameplay too.At start, the games registration was a pain in the butt, I waited 2 days for the registration to go through for my account. But after that, I got into the world, spawned inside the safezone. There was no tutorial, no friends, nothing to lose. So I did what I usually do in survival horror games: Into the wild!After 10 minutes I find myself on the ground with a rifle-bullet through my head, which is where most people give up. But f*ck most people! I thought to myself and thought that would be a bad orgie, ANYWAYS! I respawned, went out again, found guns, ammo, food, drink and I killed Humans, Nethers and Demons. and yes, I made sure the humans were hostile first. for example by asking in chat and not getting a response after stalking them for 5 minutes. Or they shot first.I went back to safezone and throw some extra guns and ammo into my stash (aka global inventory) and I had a good career start as a survivalist. I also played with some friends later on, which was amazing too. Group survival, killing Nethers, hunting humans. All the more fun with a group of friends, as long as you remember one of the golden survival rules: Don't trust anyone you don't have on skype or teamspeak. -Or other voice communication device.----------Now for judging:Graphics: 7/10 -a bit over-glossy water, some weird grass-patches on pavement. But everything is clear and nothing is over the top or under the bottom.Level design: 10/10 -Very nice world, lots of buildings are open, lots of multi-level buildings, good for sniping, hiding, ambushes, hunting and scavenging.Atmosphere: 8/10 -Very eerie and semi-scary. Works well with both humans and nethers being enemies or friends. Trusting the right or wrong people? Is there a nether around the corner? you may never know.Gameplay: 9/10 -Yes, I like the gameplay. Even if I died at the start, I still came back and I got to experience all the awesome things of leveling up, getting skills and abilities, gathering loot for the sweet tooth and racking up kills. This is one of the only PVP and PVE games that I actually enjoy, due to it NOT being zombies, there's fewer hackers than most other survival horror games (atleast to my observation, I don't have statistics on it.)-The shooting works perfect, aiming and reloading, never experienced a single flaw, maybe except for the little variety, but the balance is very good.-The melee system works very nice, if you use your first skill in the melee skill tree that let's you block, you won't regret it. It will block weak nethers attacks so you recieve much less damage and no, it does NOT block bullets. You control a human, not a ninja. (to the observation ninjas are above humans.)-The health, food and drink elements are well-implemented, though simple, they work as they're supposed to.Overall: 8/10 -Yes, I really like Nether for what it is and how well it's done. It's a Survival Horror game. (no sh*t.) but it's so well done compared to other survival horror games out there. Yes, you WILL get killed, but seriously, try and name a PVP Survival Horror game that hasn't killed you... yeah? thought so. Oh? Really? Then don't use hacks, silly b*tch~<3----------Also... I played since early access, everything else than the cheapest price just adds cosmetics and easier access to some melee weapons which you can get in the wild in... under 10 minutes if you're lucky, so no need to waste money, it isn't pay to win.Back then, in Early access there was ONLY ONE SAFEZONE, BUT! They have added more since then, the playable area has doubled since early access and the loot is in containers now rather than lying on the ground, which I like a lot.Oh, and it's easy to gather teammates, just write in chat on the server and get some skype names or get together for some voicechatting. THEN you can trust them a bit more than down the barrel of your 12 gauge..."
,Not Recommended,247730,10795313,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Lobon,This should be an alpha... with 3 more years of development
,Not Recommended,247730,13479528,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,TacitParasite11,"Nether's gameplay is pretty cool. But that's not what this review is about. The launcher is laughable, if not, totally a mess. I have an account withplaynether.comand when I try to go to the site, it gives an error that says that it's https certification has run out about 56 days ago (90 for forums). If that doesn't say much, then I don't know. Actually, I can't even connect my steam account with my playnether account because it keeps asking for authorization, which I've pressed maybe 8-10 times or more. The launcher is completely broken and the account management is laughable. You can't even link your steam account to your playnether on the website! HA. This game is amateur at best, and lacks what it tries to accomplish. I like how the game is in 1st person, but I can easily do that on DayZ. This game falls short in comparison to DayZ and unless the launcher/steam link is fixed, I have no use for these 5x72 hour guest passes that I won't recieve for the 50 Nether Gold. Go figure."
76561198063852223,Not Recommended,247730,29259084,Posted: 14 January,all,MoonMoon,"I LOVE this game, but do I recomend it? No.""Why? You said, love this game!"" you might ask yourself, or... you know.. you don't (I can't read your mind, duh)It is because of a simple yet terrifying issue, the developers and their ignorance.You see, this game had arguably the best base for what it was, an online-multiplayer post-apocalyptic survival game, but it was different (and still is)!Nether plays in world inhabitited with terrifying monster able to fly or simply end your life with ease, if you don't look out! There were no zombies crawling around, these guys were genuinly trying to kill you and after a while you could distinguish between screeches and decide wehter or not you're butt is going to be kicked if you don't run or if you're able to fight this thing.You had a vast varity of weapons ranging from the kitchen Knife with wichi you start of with, up to sinper rifles and machine huns to quickly end your enemy's life with. You needed to sneak around and try to avoid enemies early on and try to find loot in many locations. You couldn't just run around and kill everything in your way to get farm what you want and this was further made interesting by the huge world and the intiguing looking atmosphere. It ain't no dead land with a bunch of dead trees. The wolrd was still alive with plants growing all around the town as if it wasn't touched for years whiole still maintaining the atmosphere of death and fear.I would go as far as this game having the base of an ""Last of Us"" online multiplayer!You could craft ammo and equpment, trade things in for material or cash to buy things. You could store Items in case you die and you had a skill tree which made sense and wasn't jsut a thing to fill in for fun. You had to decide which things were important for you since there was a level cap.So this all sounds well and dandy but what exactly is the whole bad thing? Where is the worm in the apple?Well, let's say it like this: If you don't take care of your pet, it'll rot, and this s what happend with it.The game jsut wasn't given any love from the devs anymore and was at some point in the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. There weren't any updates, unstable servers (atleast for me at that time), hackers came and left as if it was their playground to play go in and a major part of the community acted like they were playing DayZ or Rust by camping other players, at the safezones to kill them over and over again for goods and cahs until they stopped playing, which was originally why I stopped aswell.But then we saw a spark of light in the dark: Nether Resurrected!This is it! The devs heard our cry of help and revived the game after it being dead and having the servers shutdown! Early access buyers were even rewarded with the dlc and a bunch of Keys which were part of the In-game microtransactions (What a good Idea amarite!)! And then we saw what they did to the game.Nothing.No Valve anti-cheat or what ever it is called. No taking care of the newbies and high-level problem. Nothing.The only thing they did is add a single-player mode to let you play with yourself instead of your friends. I have a computer and the internet, if I want to play with myself I'd have more than a million sites to do so! But I guess it's still better than being constantly killed by the same guy over and over. Sooooo, after finding my way into the Singleplayer, I realised slowly how they didnt add♥♥♥♥♥♥into the game. I even feel like I find either extreme ammounts of loot or wander around hoping to find atleast a goddamn baseball bat. You would think having a map, big enough to wander around a couple of hours in would make finding loot easier but NOPE, one entire half is basically jsut a bunch of hills of which 1 out of 4 has a building on it and about 1 in 10 of these building has something to loot.Like I said, the game has and still had an amazing base and an amzingly good approach on the survival-type genre, but it just lacks love from the developers.Even though this game has so many flaws, I still like to pop into the single-player once in a while and just chill in the wonderful atmosphere tgey created but never finished..."
,Not Recommended,247730,33945265,Posted: 1 August,all,WrenAndPeter,"The game had amazing potential. It switched hands with multiple devs and then finally back to the original devs but it was too late, the game was dead. This could've even had the potential to become the next battleroyale style game before they were popular.I would've recommended back then but I would advise to stay away from this dead and forgotten game."
,Not Recommended,247730,10799620,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,filthy mike,"This game is a great idea on paper, this is not a good game though.  Between bugs&glitches, clumsy everything, the fact the NETHER automatic mailer has sent me over 6 emails in one day, and that launching it, finding a server, and getting into the game is broken, so badly in fact that i spent more time in the the locked up server browser than the actual game... I just cannot recommend this game to anyone who likes having fun.I've never uninstalled something so quickly."
76561198036186531,Not Recommended,247730,25765855,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,"Testaclees, Master Of Gurth",If your♥♥♥♥♥♥took a♥♥♥♥♥♥it would still be better than this game.
,Not Recommended,247730,8051273,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,0V3RKILL,"This game needs a lot of work with the gameplay specially. I've played it and it is basically a post apocalyptic death match. Like call of duty with monsters along the way. Just stupid. enough with pvp. I am tired of it. we need to work together instead of killing each other all the time. There has to be something in the game that would motivate you to work together and there isn't. Just garbage in my opinion and I am allowed to have one. I truly don't see a difference between this and WarZ. ON top of all things, when I bought it I was promised beta keys for my friends and they lied to us by telling us something about server load or some crap. In the mean time more people were buying the game. Bunch of liars. I wish I can get my money back."
76561198046068359,Not Recommended,247730,7851970,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Dr0pBear,Good game idea but very poor support.I complained about this on steam forums and posted a link showing another persons frustration at trying to get the game to run and was banned for spam by a developer.I ended up getting the game to run after 3 weeks.If they dont like what you say about the game on steam forums they ban you or lock thread.
76561197978592484,Not Recommended,247730,12746397,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,DevilsAdvocate,Poor game cant even log in past launcher due to badly programmed launcher issues.
76561197990921377,Not Recommended,247730,33143458,Posted: 2 July,all,SoulShepherdess,"This game never even worked for me from the beginning when I bought it years ago. What a worthless game. It could have been great, it certainly looked amazing to begin with, but its definitely dead. Not sure why its even still on here."
76561198114389139,Not Recommended,247730,10688571,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,King of lag...,I've played this game in alpha. It wasn't half bad compared to a few other games of the same genre. That being said I deleted it after my trial expired and recently decided to download it as it's currently so cheap. Unfortunately steam will connect to nether and apparently must in order to play. Until said bug is fixed i must not recommend purchasing it through steam.
,Not Recommended,247730,8284130,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,twitchy.that_was_rude;,i really think this game has potential at the moment but there are a few things that could be added and taken away but right nowi hate the fact that you could spend hours and hours on a char acter only to lose everything in about 5 seconds that is your lvling and every piece of equipment you have .then you spawn with a kitchen knife which is as usefull as♥♥♥♥♥♥so yeah its my opinion and everyone elses is different
,Not Recommended,247730,7816167,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Hunk Skinhub.com,"First of all I MAY change my recommendation... Don't bother buying the fancy edition with the extra gold. Might want to wait till this game is ""finished."" Give it at least a year.First, I'll write about the experience I have beginning the actual game, then I will go over some other things about this whole thing overall.So, skipping all the issues with the servers...Get in a medium player count game, find some ammo and a can of food... kill 2 nethers with a kitchen knife, Either they are easy to kill or the hit indications are may be bugged or you simply dont start with max health. level up a few times. Start looking at options... oh, no key mapping... so no key ref either... figure out chat... its a bunch of kids and people who speak like they are gay russians. No one wants to coop, or even respond really to anything... I realize my ""thirst and/or? hunger"" indicator is getting low... getting chased by more nether, not finding a damn thing. Glitchy movement, gets stuck in crouch on all kinds of edges... sometimes auto-runs? Idk, he just starts running and I have to jump and press all the movement keys to stop.... So, Im thirsty I guess... ok Ill run to the safe house on the map... it does after all have a market... I run there, map is annoying, no minimap, can't move in menu. I get there, all the while Im worried about some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sniping me so Im happy to see we are unable to attack in safe zone... wheres the damn store im thirsty?... A message comes up, safe zone under attack? Ok crap... ok... Well, nether all over the place just like that... don't know from where but they teleport so w/e... (surely the game designers didnt just spawn a hundred nether on top of me) So I repair one nether fly catcher dumb machine, then 2. Think to myself, sweet, everybody will be all over this place to help me and I can figure out what the ♥♥♥♥ is going on in this game. I go to chat, and am totally ignored by a gay russian who, as far as I can tell, is just talking to himself about people wearing scary masks... I say hey who is coming to help out repair the crap... gay russian responds telling me not to go there cause its under attack... DUH. I just said... nevermind you nub... I ask where is the water. No answer... so I repair all 6 of the things, level up from sneaking (i think the nether glitch out, some will look at you as you sneak past them.) Yay all the dumbass creatures are gone. Lets get some water... I'm losing health now... ok... store is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥... good luck figuring it out for the first time(another little annoyance.) I'm not worried im losing health I got 50 nether coin... and they are resetting nether gold and characters here in a week... shopping spree... Ok heres a bottle... Oh... wait a minute here... really? No water for sale, just an empty bottle you fill up at a ""spring"" which cost 75 bucks(not special coin)... well I got 50 nether coin... o? I can only use nether gold for a gasmask and some other dumbass♥♥♥♥♥♥ ok...So yeah... Maybe if you have like 5 close friends to play with and they update the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this games system and website... go for it...alsoloading it up is tricky, website is just goofy programmed... no real confirmation email a day later even tho it says it sends you one... I think I somehow got lucky in getting it to align with steam, needed to go back and fourth through pages and reload website a couple times... and it used a name it said I couldnt sign up with when I actually did sign up...?? mmmk... something to do with steam... i guess..."
76561198082555125,Not Recommended,247730,29862086,Posted: 11 February,all,[LWU] JohnNOOBERTY,these developers  are scammers! my money should just go to charity...
,Not Recommended,247730,9028853,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Carlos Danger,"Prepare to wade through faulty log-in windows and plenty of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t if you ever wish to play this game.I've managed to successfully log-in only once. The game was decent, a bit superficial and bland, but at least I was playing. Then I had no luck logging in a second, third, fourth time. I've tried creating a second account with completely different details, but I'm being told that any log-in name I provide - ANY - ""is already taken by an existing account"".  I mashed the keyboard and got the same message time and time again.How can something be this broken for so long?"
,Not Recommended,247730,10731833,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Retro!,"Not one to write bad reviews.Can't log in like a lot of other people.i'm stuck in the infinite loop of linking steam.If it ever starts working, I'll change the review.In the mean time:0/10"
,Not Recommended,247730,33146164,Posted: 2 July,all,Stardust,this made me google how to get steam refunds
,Not Recommended,247730,25417958,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,C H R I S ラビオリ,"This game came out at the same time Space Engineers and I bought them both, betting on the promisses the dev teams made. Nether was a bit more expensive than Space Engineers at the time so I had a little more hope for the game than SE.Now 2 years later, SE has improved ridiculously, keeping touch with the community and updating every week, while this game has barely improved at all and the devs just seem to be interested in renaming the game every year and not actually updating anything.This game runs embarassingly bad for its graphics. Level design is amateur at best, gameplay boring and pointless, shooting any gun seems to have a spread of a mile long and the meelee weapons are as cheaply programmed as humanly possible. And the worst thing about this game is that it has microtransactions and ridiculously long cooldowns.So in conclusion, as a suggestion to the developers of this game I think they should maybe learn the game design part of making games and maybe start with a side scroller or something."
76561197972023021,Not Recommended,247730,9015414,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Xillix,"1. Running on full graphics, this game looks like♥♥♥♥♥ Not to mention they added colour which takes away from the original horror look I loved about the game.2. Complete joke, overrun with mobs, no loot anywhere, you'll be lucky to find gum or some kind of food, filled with broken garbage (weapons) that you will never get a chance to craft, because you will get murdered by the time you get to the npc.3. No clip through most buildings, the jumping is broken, and if you do meet anyone they will murder you on the spot and take the lousey kitchen knife you are given.Do not buy this game, you are better off spending the extra $5 to buy RUST or even DayZ SA; this game is a complete waste of money. If someone gave it to me for free, I wouldn't play it - it's that bad."
,Not Recommended,247730,23809746,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,JailBreakMKTP,Devs ain't resurrecting this.
76561197998945975,Not Recommended,247730,7751380,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Saintz,"The sound really exciting to begin with, but everything ends up making me feel scamed.THe first 3 days i tried just to enter a server and play, but found that impossible.so i excited waited, looked at the forum to see what people wrote about the game.It seems that there was rumors, that the game was a ripoff from warz and the 2 companies was the same.so after 10 min of gameplay, everything is alike, the different is there is no zombies but only nethers.So for not being able to play game at all within the first 3 days and everything is so laggy and not being able to get a refund,i feel really scamed.the game is supposed to be in beta phase.. have you seen other games in beta?The new excelent game ""Rust"" by ""Garry"" have 10 times more game content , everything feels well devoloped and thats only in alpha stage and thats something you can say abiut Nether.dont waste your money, wait for Rust, it will be available on steam in December if you want a great survivel game thats still in progress and follow it onplayrust.comSo the game is lacking conctent even when being in beta.Have so many isues with servers and FPS.cant recommend it in any way.1/10\\Saintz"
,Not Recommended,247730,10102995,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,ChrisP,"First of all: Do you like PvP? If not then don't get this game. Nether focuses too much on PvP and there is no such thing as ''friendly'' players unless you are playing with an IRL friend. Safe Zones? There are none because other players kill you the moment you leave.Dying in this game is what's going to make you stop playing the game because every time you die you lose ALL the gear you have on your character as well as all of your skill points, and you WILL die constantly. I got to level 30 ONCE which is pretty much only possible if you play on empty or low populated servers, don't even try and reach level 30 on a full server let alone level 20 because you won't. As i reached the level 20+ levels i thought to myself: ''What now?'' I had the best of all the equipment so there was literally nothing to do, had i gone out of the Safe Zone my character was in i would've been instantly sniped by players from every side all while attracting 100s of Nether Monsters.The only pro i have is the Graphics Quality the game though was decently optimized.Lastly: I played this mostly at release but from what i'm gathering the Game hasn't improved or changed other than adding a Bike and a Glider and some Sub-way stations underground.Don't buy this game because it's already dead. And it's not even out of Early Access yet."
,Not Recommended,247730,10829112,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,SteeScribbles,NO
,Not Recommended,247730,10737122,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Wtfsaurus,"Unfinished piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Low-res textures that, for some reason, hogs a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of memory from a high-end PC. Map navigation is sluggish and terrible because there's next to no mobs around. Browsing through the menus is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥and you don't know what the hell you're doing. Character movement is stiff as ♥♥♥♥ and makes a PS1 game look fluid as ♥♥♥♥. The game freezes right when you open it and makes you wait 5-10 minutes to pick a server AND another 5 minutes to enter a game. There are a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of glitches and it's just not worth wasting your money on it even if it's on special for a penny. ♥♥♥♥ this game..."
76561198063609533,Not Recommended,247730,7937225,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,spannermonkey,"I had and still have high expectations of this game and expected this beta to be on the lines of quality as Ghost recon online….. no. but that ok I can live with that, the main problem I feel is that you lose everything you have spent 6 hours playing for….. I can handle the Nether most of the time and other players, it’s the distinct lack of supplies’ which gets and lets me down every time I play this game.I’m not the only one, I was having a chat with a gaming buddy on Nether and for the first time he has felt he has needed to HACK the game in order to play and get some satisfaction from it! Such a shame as I can see this game kicking off big time with a few changes.Need more Goodies lying about, ammo pills and crisps etc. or make shop a lot cheaper!Less hackingcan you devs at least let us re-spawn in the same place we died!!!!???Come on DEVs make me want to play this game… As this is your job… because at the moment I’m switching off and going to play some Just cause MP.2 out of 10"
,Not Recommended,247730,10737408,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,[PCGN]  Fire488,The game is completely unplayable taking over five minutes to load the server browser while you mouse in frozen in place and then over 10 minutes to load into you character in a server following no clipping all over the map. The game is broken and not worth the time or aggravation. No replies from Steam or the game developer. Save your money people.
76561198064813156,Recommended,247730,9630545,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,The Best Breakfast Husband,"I'm really enjoying this game. A lot more than I thought at the begining! The Nether creatures are challenging, and the pvp element keeps me on my toes all the time. Really feels like a dirty gritty survival game. I just really hope that 3rd person view stays out of it because it kills the surprise element of running around a corner, and having to run like hell from a player or nether. Not to mention the ability with most 3rd person views to look through ceilings and floors to see if anyone is in the subways or the next floor up in a building. Honestly it would ruin the game completly for me. But as it is right now I love it! Especially the pvp element. Makes my heart race when I see a player down the road with a gun."
76561198040688697,Not Recommended,247730,29684790,Posted: 3 February,all,Adamant80,Bought this garbage when it had potential durring a 90% off sale or something and I regret nothing despite this being an utterly horrible game because it can be sometimes hilarious in how bad it is/was.
,Not Recommended,247730,12412452,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,SHANIGGWA,"♥♥♥♥♥game in general, a waste of £7.00, i would have rather used £7.00 on CS:GO cases than this game, DayZ is still alpha and is way better than this."
,Not Recommended,247730,11319538,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Hypomouth,"A game with so much potential, and so many interesting and nice people on it. In the past 4 weeks I have experienced highs and lows. I purchased this game in ealry release and enjoyed the beta, at first I couldn't get to grips with what was to me anb alien genre. The survival game is something I had never tried before and I picked this one because it seemed to draw my attention. After about 30-40 hours I gave up and left it on my harddrive collecting dust for all I know.I recieved an email saying the game is now in full release and gave it another go. I quickly found myself immersed in the gameplay and ran packages, scavenged and generally did all the things freshies do in a game ( which included getting shot every now and then XD ). I then came across a group of people with whom I developed a great rappor with and it intensified the experience 100 fold. These people I hope will continue to be my friends even though I no longer play this game.""Why stop playing a game you enjoy so much?"" I hear you ask... Well the answer is simple: Hackers. Cheaters. Glitchers. Aimbotters. ESP-ers. These people who use illeagal modifications to give them the upper hand in game have become a plague worse than the Nether created for you to fight against in the first place. Before the recent patch where the in game money system was changed (please check the patch notes for the relevant information) a normal player had the joy of killing a hacker and being greatly rewarded. The money and weapons they would drop would ensure your competitiveness and in a warped way kept the game fair, in as much as you were able to always fight back against such injustice.The latest patches have given the game over to these hackers who are now ruining the experience of decent players everywhere. Don't believe me? go to Twitch.tv and chack out people streaming Nether and ask them about hackers and their impact on the game...If you want to play a survival game with a great idea and some really great creatures with a world big enough to challenge you for hours on end then Nether is definitely a game you should own. Me I have uninstalled the game because there are too many people cheating to make it playable anymore"
76561198101775635,Not Recommended,247730,10689165,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Ya Boi Ulysses,"Do you want a game that wont even work 99.999999% of the time? Well, this game is for you? They diddnt even TRY to launch it like a normal steam game! The just HAD to use thier own launcher that diddnt even work! I REALLY want a refund at this point! Get The Forest instead!"
76561198035817320,Not Recommended,247730,13869870,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Hardrive,What kinda Survival Game has Safe Zones? you need to go there for quests...People just hang around in there and wait for Noobs with no gear to try to grab a quest and kill them when they leave safe zone...Stupid
,Not Recommended,247730,9034952,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,INTERNET GIRLFRIEND,Don't buy till steam login is fixed it is a waste of money and time!
,Not Recommended,247730,8978313,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Kassius Klayton,Bosta de jogo
76561198007914439,Not Recommended,247730,15031129,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,kezdog92,Another ship left to sink by devs that have made a tasty profit.
,Not Recommended,247730,10399384,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Duret,"All I can say, is that the trailer really nails the premise of the game; You run around looting a big desolate city, until you either get shot by another player, or get swarmed by monsters. Either way, you will die over and over again, losing everything you've gathered, including all the levels you've gained. You can also team up with friends or players who are in the same clan, to capture territory, which serves no goal whatsoever.There's no goal, meaning or sense of accomplishment in anything you achieve in Nether. It looks pretty at first, but the boredom and frustration ultimately overshadow the few good things this game has to offer.Too bad."
76561198089933978,Not Recommended,247730,34958029,Posted: 14 September,all,Plutie,This was a great game when it was released. now it a dead game ran by hackers.
,Not Recommended,247730,10425789,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Jesus-at-arms,"Another game that wasted a lot of its potential...I bought it in early access and it called itself an ""urban survival experience"" but actually this is just rather a CTF/Shooter game. And the fact that computer generated mobs can teleport and just jump at you for the smallest noise really doesn't improve the game.No recommendation from me."
,Recommended,247730,18958808,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Two Clicks,"VERDICT:Nether brings together an amazing graphically detailed post-apocalyptic world sprinkled with some addictive PvE elements like: skill leveling, quests, trading and weapon crafting and tops it all off with an optional PvP component that allows you to stalk and kill other players on top of the A.I. controlled nether.Its STALKER aesthics meets Fallout (3 & NV) style gameplay.  Singleplayer content maybe a little lacking for someone who enjoys both games however.  Yet this has to be one of the best ""unfinished"" games Ive have the pleasure [and frustration] of playing.  There isnt that much the game needs to take it from being very good to great.The learning curve at the beginning is pretty tough.  So much so that I almost gave up playing the game.  Gameplay diversity is fairly limited but conversely addictive as you try to build-up your character and their equipment.  Once you've played the game for a while you may perhaps miss features that other survival games provide like base-building.  It certainly doesnt have much of a dynamic past completing missions and boosting your equipment, other than staying alive ofc.  The game has also received a recent re-boot by the original developers, so content and features have been reset to an older build.  They intend to add modding and possibly PvE but what exactly, remains to be seen.That said if you can look past the shortfalls in content diversity, the yo-yo development tract, the customary spawn-campers, kill-on-sighters and cheaters there is a veritable enjoyable post-apocalytic, survival experience to be had.  In single-player or PvP. But are you brave enough to try?... More info below ...01. GENRE:Online open-world, sand-box, survival PvP FPS, with optional singleplayer.02. SETTING:A decimated post-apocalyptic Earth where most of the population have been transformed into mutated forms called the Nether, by some otherwoldly event called 'The Cull.'03. STORY/BACKGROUND:These monsters hunt the vestiges of humanity who try to survive in technologically protected safe-zones, as they attempt to kill as many Nether as possible and scour for loot across the once majestic cities of civilization.04. GAME MODES:Predominately PvP but most of the gameworld mechanics are PvE.  There is a single-player mode but some of the gameworld features are not balanced for this mode.05. GAME/LEVEL DESIGN:Nether boasts a wonderfully conceived and well-designed gameworld. It possesses a raft of features and artfully incorporates them into a beautifully atmospheric, greatly detailed and extremely immerisve gameworld that is not only a joy to play but addictive to.  There is one map of a large city containing safe-zones. Dynamic events such as escort missions, air-drops, and hostile Nether surges occur to mix things up.  Anti-nether devices can fail rendering safe-zones ineffectual.06. GAMEPLAY/MECHANICS:The game uses a common gameplay cycle: Equip yourself. Explore.  Fight. Kill. Loot. Undertake missions.  Earn money.  Buy better equipment.  Rinse and repeat.  There are diversions which spring up dynamically: Escort packages to a safe-zone, take packages from A to B, sell junk combinations or nether parts at the appropriate vendor.  For which you receive a combination of XP or credits.  XP levels your character, credits enable you to buy the equipment required for prolonged survival in the wastes.  You can also craft better firearms to kill the bigger threats: players and reapers.You can level up your character skills: Guns, Stamina, Survival, Strength, Stealth and Melee.  There is a max level so not all aspects can be maxxed out but you can customize the character to the way you wish to play.  PvP just adds another layer of gameplay by forcing you to fight to stay alive.  Where its kill or be killed.The game expects you to die and lose you characters skills.  Unless you had a buddy you will respawn with only a knife, whatever is in your global inventory (which is not much) and the game bonuses that your account level gives you.  It is this cycle that will frustrate you at the start but it what ultimately keeps you playing.  Indeed the account level is critical and makes a huge difference the higher it is.  To increase it ofc you need to keep playing.07. ENEMIES:Has only a handful of distinct enemies from low level dog-like hunters, to alert screaming sirens, brutal golems and spine firing hunters.  Biggest threats are Reaper.  The name says it all.  Dont go hunting these brutes without the firepower or manpower to bring it down.  In PvP however the main threat is from other players.  Some of which wont even give you a chance to draw your weapon.08. A.I:There is a reliance on having mostly fix spawned enemies so the A.I is fairly limited. It does an able job however for once you are spotted you will be attacked by any local Nether.  Get a screamer near you and it will alert many more Nether than you are able to deal with.  Once alerted unless you can outrun them to hide or get to a safe-zone they will not stop coming after you.09. CONTROLS:Standard mouse and keyboard.10. GRAPHICS:Attention to graphics detail is what brings Nether to life.  Even though they may not be top notch I found skulking through the gameworld during the day or at night sheer bliss.  Unless I was too busy running away from Nether.  The ruined cityscape is hauntingly beautiful.11. SOUNDTRACK & AUDIO:There is no real soundtrack but a low continous haunting humming sound provides a constant companion as you trek through the post-apocalyptic environment that perfectly adds to gritty atmosphere.  Nether enemies have their own distint call, wail or roar.  Weapons have decent sounds also.12. VOICE ACTING:None.  But those of you with teamspeak can listen to some banal player communications in your head-set! :p13. CHALLENGE/DIFFICULTY:Has a painful learning curve at the start of the game but once you start playing and understand that equipment and weapons equals survival you can make dying that little less painful.  At least in single-player.14. PROBLEMS:Slight lag on my Core i3 at 1280x720 with most options off. Issues are minimal with some interface design and game-world clipping issues.15. ACHIEVEMENTS:There are no achievements for this game.  No need to distract players from the enjoyment of staying alive.16. DLC:No dlcs currently.17. MODDING/ONLINE PLAY/COMMUNITY:Havent experienced much of cheating since the early days of this game when there were many hackers and cheaters that culled alot of eager players such as myself.  There are fewer now but that doesnt mean they wont come back with a vengeance.  Safe-zone campers and Kill-on-Sighters are also present but its hard to know how many.  Admin capabilities are being added so servers can be policed.  But unless you are prepared to put up with dying and restarting alot dont try PvP.  You will hate it.  The biggest plus is modding being added to allow servers to be customized.18. ENJOYMENT/APPEAL:Single-player will appeal to anyone who enjoyed playing Stalker or Fallout out.  At least to some degree before too much repetition of gameplay sets in.  If it does those of you bave enough can try PvP.  Anyone who enjoys survival games or hunting other players in a sci-fi setting would enjoy this.19. PLAYTIME/LONGEVITY/REPLAYABILITY:Unless you are a pro survival game player it will take you upwards of ten or so hours to get to grips with the early game, 40h to get self-sufficient if youre me.20. VALUE FOR MONEY:Im not one for much PvP yet in single-player it has an underlying addictive quality that compels you to one more safe-zone to safe-zone run.  On balance I think it has just enough content and features to be worth £7."
76561198002694928,Not Recommended,247730,7965549,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,LordWallington,I wouldnt play this game untill there are alot of changes the gfx ingame are blocky and horrible. the actual chance of survial is far too low
76561198055463263,Not Recommended,247730,9461955,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,TengaToppa V-2,DON'T BUY IT
,Not Recommended,247730,10731741,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,MisterS42 [BEAST],"DO NOT BUY!  There is a massive bug which renders this game as... well, not a game.  When you log into a server, you are automatically put into spectator mode.  There is no escape from this mode.  No method to spawn in.  That's all you can do, fly around the map.Checked the forums, this bug has been in the game for MONTHS.  Avoid like the plague.  I am requesting a refund.  It can't be a game without gameplay."
76561198072403827,Not Recommended,247730,8919664,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Osirusine,"this game is not what you think it is...unless you think its a foot courier service in a apocalyptic setting in which case it IS what you think it is. pick up something, take it here, trade it for a new bandana, rinse and repeat. theres not alot to this game to be excited about. its real pretty and plays well but theres no motivation to continue playing."
,Not Recommended,247730,23829775,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,[TB] Aranciokov~,"Got it when it first released.Phosphor games, hurr durr, lots of promises.Then other developing team got the game, filled it with p2w and microtransactions♥♥♥♥♥♥Game dead.Then the good ol' team came back, tons of promises, we ""Nether: Resurrected"" now.Game got re-rolledback to a 2014 version.Few days later, the good ol' devs abandoned it again.Wow much Resurrected game's so good ol' devs so good.Game went to♥♥♥♥♥♥again.GG Phopshor games you're so good devs.GTFO now please."
76561198125956339,Not Recommended,247730,23773048,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,KXR,dont spend your money on this trash just buy drugs instead your have a better time
,Recommended,247730,31532262,Posted: 3 May,all,d_spliFF,Forgot this was in was in my library. Asking for a refund 3 years later. 10/10 would refund 3 years later again
,Not Recommended,247730,10339008,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,GlitchCity,"This game is broken. Can't be played. Errors galore. ""Status: Failed. Steam client must be running if you bought Nether from Steam and have not linked your Mber account."""
,Not Recommended,247730,26566754,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,[SC] Asriel and Chara Dreemurr,It is not as fun as i would expect...
76561198169281433,Not Recommended,247730,23174742,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,TopKek,Joins a pvp server gets instant headshotted in the safe zone 10/10 ~ Hackers ruined the game
,Not Recommended,247730,12360197,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Doodle,Good lord this game was disappointing.
,Not Recommended,247730,12707242,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,CyberSparky,"Game was worth $ back when it originally came out and was a work in progress, now it is crap IMO. The original Devs sold/passed the game onto some other devs and it is nothing but a $ pit now. What you had to do to survive before is now all accessible via real $ purchase. Like the new devs are going for a play for free aspect but it isn't free. I paid 15.99 an got my money's worth of play back when it was worth playing. Do not waste your money on this game, if it is free then yes it may be worth your time, but currently it isn't worth anyone's money."
,Not Recommended,247730,10738062,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Aronax,DO NOT. UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES. SPEND A SINGLE PENNY. ON THIS GAME.FULL STOP.At least WarZ/Survivor whatever the f*** had a working server browser. This game is garbage.
,Not Recommended,247730,10775680,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,JordaneiroO,Just don't play this gameIt's not playableIt's garbage1/10
76561197963581562,Not Recommended,247730,10860200,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ButterBalls,"BUYER BEWAREAt it's current state, this game is barely worth the daily deal of 80% off for around $3.00 but if it made the changes that users are talking about I would easily pay above $20.00 for this game. If the game creaters actually read this, let me provide a few suggestions to make the game better if you don't already know. By the way, I had roughly 8 friends who really wanted to play this because it seemed like a cheaper version of dayZ but they're all swarming back to csgo because of the glitches.This game has a lot of potential and I would love to see it come more to life. It provides a great way to coop with friends.-- Server loading time - I just timed how long it took to load the servers while you sit there and wait in agony thinking it froze your whole computer. From 10:43 until 10:48 I waited, and this has happened in the 4 or 5 times I have played it. Right off the bat the reputation of the game is ruined, 10 minutes of gameplay is out the window because it happens when you load and when you exit the game unless you control alt delete and crash it.-- Overwhelming glitches - It would be okay if you glitched a little bit but I already know in the future hours to play it safe jumping over a fence or anything.And great, writing this review I hear they abondoned the project and won't be updating.A friend who follows this genre well is saying that the developers did the same thing with WarZ to make a bunch of money.BUYER BEWARE"
,Not Recommended,247730,13702483,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Panda,"1. Server are always full.2. In those server 90% of the player wanna kill you because you are lvl 0 and got nothing3. No PvE server4. Spawn killers5. Loots are always the same, you are really lucky if you get a weapon6. If Server aren't full, it's because you can't connect7. SO MUCH F%&@# CRASH DAMNIT8. If you fid a nice looting zone, there is a moth*****er behind you9. If you walk more than 20 min without being shoot at then you have internet lag10. If you get out of a safezone when tere is more than 20 player in the server, RUN ♥♥♥♥♥ RUN, or you gonna get spawn killed11. When you first play, good players give you stuff and there friends, bad player, kill you and give it back to his friend, the loop restart12. Did you said buggy? More like ♥♥♥♥*ng bugged car that will NOT save your ♥♥♥14. Hackers, Hackers everywhere"
,Not Recommended,247730,10729600,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Jargon,Picked this up on the Steam Summer sale. Let's just say I'm happy I only lost ~£2. Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game refuses to load without crashing. After browsing the bug and troubleshooting boards it looks as if a whole metric ♥♥♥♥tonne of people can't actually play the game (including a friend) and the developers simply don't care.
,Not Recommended,247730,8056159,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,LowFatMilk,"Nether, upon first inspection looks to be a cool co-op game with great graphics and a great new story. Instead of zombies, you're facing inside-out beasties, which is a fresh new twist in an open world survival.However, this is where the good stuff ends.The game is overpriced, considering it is a useless hunk of crap.The load times take over 5 minutes.When you join a server, there is a 15-30 minute wait time before you can spawn, and this repeats each time you die.When you die, not only do you lose all your items and gear (expected, not a huge issue) but you also lose all the EXP and levels/skills you had aquired (ok I get losing gear, but my EXP shouldn't be affected) This essentially makes playing the game entirely pointless.Whenever you type, the camera begins screaming around as if on a rollercoaster. If you are spectating a game, waiting to spawn, it freezes your camera. I spent over 26 minutes staring at the ceiling.The community is full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and trolls, yes this is indeed the internets but it's as if the scum of the internet scum league have all congregated on this one game. Within 2 minutes of me finally playing a game I was sniped by some guy in a highrise building who proceeded to send me abusive messages for an hour after. Also there is no escae/quit button. I had to restart my PC just to quit.This game steals your time, money and PC power. Do not buy it, it is shockingly terrible. My condolences to the developers, you are a lost cause to gaming and should go back to McDonalds.0/10"
,Not Recommended,247730,10863851,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,postewar,"So i bought this on the sale, at first impressions it was ok, the graphics weren't amazing, the modeling was alright, but not great. My first time playing was good becuase i found and South East Asia server ( Because i live in Australia) first night was fine, next night fine aswell.. But ever since that i havent been able to connect or find and South East Asia servers. On loading it freezes constantly, when i try a another server its loads doesn't connect and sends me back to the server selection.The gameplay isn't great, its good there was no hype at all. The range of added items aren't huge, the weapons are a short list (and aren't even named right i might add). Once i was in a server it was ok, didn't kick, didn't lag but fix it asap.4/10"
,Not Recommended,247730,25771039,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Mr. Master,"worst goddamn game EVER. dont waste your money on this. just read other reviews about this game and you'll understand why. graphics sucks, gameplay itself sucks the most, endless looting and hiding from monsters and other ppl. get killed and start from beginning, repeat, delete game."
76561197986440522,Not Recommended,247730,12635105,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Sir Butters,"Forget the money, I want my 4.1 hours of my life back. This game suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuucked!"
,Not Recommended,247730,7765245,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Epixauce,Very early beta. This game has good bones though. I would wait until it has been developed a little more.
,Not Recommended,247730,11990256,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Toasted Baby,"Waste of time and money.  If you spawn in the safezones, you get killed by people camping them.  If you spawn in the world, you get killed by more people or ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t enemies.  No loot to be found, terrible performance (~25fps on a 4770k, GTX 770 SLI, 16gb RAM, 250gb SSD on both High graphics/Far draw distance and Low/close draw.  No difference whatsoever), and terrible mechanics.  There is no survival, because you will die within ten mintues without hacks, and you will lose everything, so leveling up is pointless.  Menus don't work (instructions button doesn't work, many keybinds are not listed and can only be found online, lots of menu options are non-functional).  Comedic collision detection at best.  Map design is laughable, with floating cars, grass, and items everywhere.  Looks like it was just thrown together.  Save your money."
,Not Recommended,247730,8176399,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,[BJB] Nerf Dermer,"Do not buy this game. There's links to the whole War Z/Survivor Stories peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I spent around 45-60 minutes trying to get this work, following various forum guides etc. It forces you to link your steam account as well. Considering the amount of money invested in my account, this doesn't sit well with me. AVOID AT ALL COSTS.At least for the time being."
,Not Recommended,247730,33830736,Posted: 27 July,all,Anthem Of The Faded,"I have played this game after it came out and it was a really dull experience with premium ingame currency so I closed the game after the first hour or so and never played it again. I noticed the ""Resurrected"" in the title so I installed it again and was ready to be surprised. But the only surprise I got was that the game was still as bad as I knew it but also dead."
76561198012264903,Not Recommended,247730,24802732,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,BlackAzKnight,No no no no. Don't buy it.
,Not Recommended,247730,7994844,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,BobbyMcWho,"I wanted to like this game, I really did.I understand that this is a Beta, but you are PURCHASING into this Beta, and therefore in its current state: I cannot recommend itGameplay feels like it is lacking too many features at the moment, and it only feels fun if you can find other people to play with.  However, at $30-$50 a pop, I would never ask my friends to purchase this game as is.Run animations with weapons look atrocious.Levels are designed lazily, with all buildings having a wide open layout, with ""skyscrapers"" consisting of tall buildings with ramps to every floor. I would prefer some buildings where, in the need, you could run and hide from a human pursuer in say a cubicle and maybe take him out with your kitchen knife as he pursues you with his Uzi. instead, as of now you have no place to hide in buildings as they are all wide open.If the developers want this to gain popularity, they have some serious work to do."
,Not Recommended,247730,7756722,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Bumbo,"Honestly pretty bad. Not very fun once I actually got into the game. 9 of my 10 hours of playing this game were spent trying to log in. Once it started working, the game just felt sort of clunky. I realize it's early alpha access and all, but it just wasn't very fun. I hope they do something with this besides tweak the alpha by release, it could be great."
,Not Recommended,247730,12724627,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Rum Ham,"As it stands, I regret that my advice isdo notbuy this game.  Nether was 'released' without actually being completed - many game breaking bugs and exploits are still present, hackers run rampant, and many basic features, such as key -remapping, are only partially implemented.  The devs have been basically silent for months, and the player base has been steadily dwindling to the point where there are now (as of 1st Nov 2014) only four active servers (EU Central, EU West, US East Last Man Standing Mode, US West).  If you're thinking about buying this game, you need to either save your money and buy something else or accept that there's asubstantialrisk that you'll just be left disappointed, frustrated and out of pocket.  Believe me, I don't take any pleasure in writing that, I loved this game.If the situation changes (and I sincerely hope it does) I will update this review accordingly."
76561198005189755,Not Recommended,247730,10577797,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,MEOWSCHWITZ,CoD mixed with DayZ with more bugs than a crackhouse. might be your thing.
76561197974216683,Not Recommended,247730,8063018,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,reamiger,Gist of my experience: walk around with no direction or any story or starting point. find random stuff and fight random teleporting monsters. die by monster or players and lose everything you have picked up and start over. repeat. I didn't get to keep any level or experience gained so really each time was starting over from scratch. oh and other players can kill you so thats another added thing to make you restart and lose all experience and items picked up.
76561198062972690,Not Recommended,247730,7767920,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,TriggerWarning595,"Do NOT buy. This title is owned by the same guy who owns War Z, or now Infestation: Survivor Stories. Wait until they prove they will even bother to finish the game first."
76561198043304241,Not Recommended,247730,7799405,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,No Ragrets,"The small company in Chicago is not to be trusted.This is actually one of the least rewarding and most frustrating games I have ever played. That is, if you can even get past the initial installation phase, which is a total nightmare in itself.Worst $30 I have ever spent."
76561198075091396,Not Recommended,247730,10785217,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,SSKikiBuns,".....Words can not explain how bad this game is but ill try. Take all the die hard fans of cod then get all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ physics from WarZ, now take all the wanna be sinpers from every game ever, oh! And Did I mention the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ map? This game is just... Bad. Dont buy it."
,Not Recommended,247730,25464582,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Bladii,They just ♥♥♥♥ed up a really nice concept for a game...
,Not Recommended,247730,10711040,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Krypton*,i can't Even open the Game to Review about it. :)  It's Stuck on launching game for 10 mins 0/10
,Not Recommended,247730,10747590,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Bellyrumble,"My friends and i have found a really fun way to play this gamethe aim of the game is to convince a friend to buy this game then try to see how long we can get them to play it before they realise they have wasted their money.our current record is half an hourdo not buy this, its not worth a dime"
,Not Recommended,247730,10803578,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,boxes bleeds quake,"This game is garbage. The AI is beyond ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, everything looks hideous and cities are the same copy/paste ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t for miles with a dumpster or car you search inbetween. There's a cosmetic system for a BOUGHT game and during the sale wait times on the menu ranged 15-20 minutes. It's unoptimized as ♥♥♥♥ with fps randomly dipping for no reason, and the creatures themselves are insanely uninspired and boring after the first fight, difficulty ranging from bullet sponge to randomly popping up beyond you getting a free -100 health."
,Not Recommended,247730,10852630,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Rzf,Ha.
,Not Recommended,247730,35088534,Posted: 20 September,all,Ex Nihiloish,"I think the kids would call this ""cancer""."
,Not Recommended,247730,12759098,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,🅱eter,Game is good and graphics are nice but players are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Do not expect to walk 5 blocks without getting murdered by a hacker
76561198057102834,Not Recommended,247730,14468837,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Ginger_NoGhoul👻,"It is disappointing when a game has so much potential and everything just goes to crap. The atmosphere and graphics are spooky, the creatures/monsters are nightmarishly creepy, the story behind it is awesome.  So what happened? I have no clue, it’s as if the developers just randomly one day said “okay we’re done” and threw the game out, and now what could have been an amazing game is now pay to win with empty unfullfilling gameplay. Sucks. I am really, really disappointed.UPDATE REVIEW 2016:So I go by everything I said originally except they took out the pay to win which is awesome.  But the devs gave us false hope, making us think the game was going to be worked on and nothing in the past year has happend.  I wish someone would take this game over and actually make some progress it had so much potential."
,Not Recommended,247730,12137844,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,nraza (road to rangup),1/10 want my fkin money back
,Not Recommended,247730,25550672,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Dunkel,Nice meme game
,Not Recommended,247730,24916765,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,®dayyquan®,To be honest this game needs lots of work.1. Not enough loot (I've never found a gun and i barely can find food)2. Game is dark3. Player control seem very weird4. More loot5. I think the devs spent more time making the trailers than the games
76561198066163155,Not Recommended,247730,8240763,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Personal Geeb,"this game is literally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. How steam even allowed this is unreal. The total process of installing and all that is just a waste of time and not to mention the game crashes every time you go to find a server to play on. I want my 11 bucks i paid for this during the sale back, steam."
,Not Recommended,247730,12409009,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Darkshifty.Zero,A bunch of awefullness... they didnt release what was promised and implemented a heavy micro payment system which ruins the gameplay for the others. also the number of cheaters is higher than in any other game. the guest keys wont work either and the support on that is none to zero.i wouldnt recommend this due to my bad experience overal.
,Not Recommended,247730,7873565,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Earl of Trollbridge,"The graphics are better than The WarZ. Unfortunatelly this game has a microtransaction system as well. As an owner of this game, I strongly sugges you to wait first. I'm not saying it is a bad game. I just do not want to see another The-WarZ-ish pay-to-wish crap. The micotransaction of this game draws my concern. I wish this game cold share a same system as Payday 2."
76561197993758672,Not Recommended,247730,19630637,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Dexter081,"Let me pre-empt this with the following statement: I have not tried this, since Phosphor took back control of this game.Having said that 99.9% of my in game time was directly under Phosphor's original launch. These devs never actually listend to there customers in the first place, thats why they all jumped ship and ran away. We begged and pleaded with them to get some sort of anti-cheat into the game during the first year, instead we got mini-bikes, and new monsters. They would have polls on thier website forums asking what we wanted as new features, and never reveal the results... This Dev team had some of the worst communication I have ever seen in a game. Either they didn't care or had no idea how to fix the issues we were having, they relayed all their information through a community manager, who eventually quit.Obviously there was some apeal as I have logged over 400hrs of game play, most of those hours were hoping this game would get better, the potential was obvious, but the deves never came through for us. I for one will be very surprised if many vetrans return to this game now that Phosphor is back in control, as many thought they were a crappy company to begin with.My point to this review/rant is that things may have gotten worse after Phosphor left this project (BTW they never actually posted that they left on thier forums, only here on steam, it was months after the fact that I found out they were gone) But it was never a great Dev team to begin with. Don't assume that them being back is going to make this game great, they had an oportunity to do it right the first time, and simply walked away when it started to go bad.So don't pull out the trumpets to celebrate the return of Phosphor just yet, this was thier mess to begin with."
,Recommended,247730,18899813,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,CommieMelter1776,I was disapointed when this game got abandoned.Now it is un-abandoned and back in the hands of someone who cares about this project.Review update: Never mind its still broken
,Recommended,247730,18813201,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,General Seal,"Game went from awesome, to unplayable to awesome again! Definitely would reccommend the buy if the game continues in this direction!"
,Not Recommended,247730,12316575,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Dead Eye Donny,"Nether is a great experience of♥♥♥♥♥♥resolution, plays like medal of honor on a ps2 and has many pointless things to keep you caring when infact you dont. You can go out in the world and explore town by town which have been copied and pasted over and over, look around and you will find crates with many useless items inside and if you run around enough you may find a special occurence, getting killed on sight! If you are enjoying dayz then dont settle for less with this garbage, what do you expect from the same people who made the warz (infestation survivor stories)"
,Not Recommended,247730,7669129,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Insolent Fool,"Do not waste your money on this♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you want to play a game like this try ""infestation"" (warz) which is exactly the same thing, only 1/10 the price during sales or better yet DayZ which these games are based off.I bought this game and after 5 minutes regretted it. It feels like something you would show a finance agency for funding, not start selling yet."
,Not Recommended,247730,7948518,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Psychic Kitty,I got this game as the desription sounds neat...concept is silly but i figured i would try it out.  First off this isnt a survival game....you will simply die.  I went throught he entire city map area and found not much of anything.  So basicaly once your food meter runs out you lose 1 health per second...basicaly that means 1000 seconds and game over.  Players do kill other players....but what is the point?  They will die anywise...as there is nothing else to find.  I found hte controlls not bad...sound and ambience of sound not too bad either...graphics where only ok...as it seams like everything was a cut and paste and the areas where empty.  game play was boring....as you literaly had nothing to do....my meter of food ran out after a few hours and that was it....game over.  I dont recommned this game to anyone because its pathetic.  Why do people pvp inthis game....becasue htere isnt anything else to do for one thing.....and becasu eits easier killing another player then killiing the nethers.  Now i am good at games like this...so i easily killed the enthers...even the hard ones...and all i used was the starter kitchen knife.  i never for once found anything besides ammunition and some healing items.  I htought there would at least be more stuff to find....boy was I wrong.  basicaly because of the fact they have nothing to find you will literaly just die.....yes this is a city area with nothing in it.  I recommend people avoid this game right now becasue there is no point to play it or test it.  You dont put a food meter in a game with pvp especialy one that runs out fast. Someone said inthe game....but its a survivor game....no thats not survivor...survivor is being able to kill the nthers for food or players for food....or killthe rats and birds for food....you cant do anything of that sort.  The rats and birds are cosmetic...as is most fo the game...basicaly the entire game is a bunch of textures with notheing else...they look neat....but nothing else.  Perhaps if they do some fixes this game willbe better...but i highly doubt it.  COnsidering they put in a fast going food meter...no real things to find...no rewards for killing nethers....i find this a waste of time.
76561198032997317,Not Recommended,247730,25798798,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Jamo27,"""Nether is a unique, first-person, multiplayer urban survival experience"" No it's not, it's ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198052264608,Not Recommended,247730,15212587,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,THe ADHD Turnip,"A terrible waste of great potential. I had a lot of fun in the begining, it was nice to kill something other than repetative zombies. This game is practically abandoned, except for the weak rare patches here and there. It's not going anywhere. Do not buy."
76561198054717674,Not Recommended,247730,15200737,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Stallem,Pure garbage dont waste the money.. i did that for you.
76561198043987194,Not Recommended,247730,9053634,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Ext3nt,Untill I am able to sync my Steam account. I would not reccomend this garbage. Have fun sitting there with no link on your Nether Account page for 3 hours and counting.
,Not Recommended,247730,10759065,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,.Daanzii,"Played this for 21 minutes and it's one of the most laggiest, broken & unfinished game i've ever actually played...Here is what I found wrong with it in the whole 21 minutes I played it.1. Having to be forced to make a 'Nether' account to play the game.2. Having to wait around 2 minutes for the server list to actually load/respond3. Being sent to the server menu after picking a server which aren't even close to being full.4. Having to play on US servers due to not being able to get on EU servers.5. Actually finally getting IN GAME around 18 minutes into this it's really ♥♥♥♥ing laggy.Nobody should get this game unless you want a painful experience, Even Infestation: Survivor Stories is a step up from this.If you're looking for a cheap open-world zombie game, Go buy Arma 2/Combined Ops and install the DayZ mod.This is trash."
76561198035432420,Recommended,247730,18769845,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,[Ro.Fl.]Juli199696,"Well i could write about 1000 words about this game but i will take it short.The game got its up and downs. I remember nether came out. It was hyped as fu** but this didnt helped much. After the early access came out the publisher decided to change the developer to PureFPS which was yeah.. the end of nether until now. Small updates, many bugs and a Pay 2 Win system was hard to stay with. But the worst thing were the thousand of unbanned hackers everywhere. God mode, cheat weapons, gold key and duping of items was the normal day of Nether. But even with that it was fun to play some times with groups. Some weeks ago PureFPS closed the servers and shutdown the game. Now Phosphor Games the first dev team got the rights to work on this game again and for now we are back at the early access state from 2014 i think. Well for now we got singleplayer back and multiplayer is on its way. I hope Phosphor games can repair what the other team broke with the players of this game. I give them a chance to fix it, i hope you guys do it aswell. Everyone needs a second chance :)"
76561198087172029,Not Recommended,247730,20012511,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,lamocciosa,"Do not buy this game as it is now.Dear gamers do not be fooled like me by the positive comments of the last period. This game is still ♥♥♥♥♥♥.The lag is wild and this lead to a boring gameplay where you often have to stop because you don't know where you are going and it gets you in SERIOUS trouble during the fights with nethers. The video you see above It's a dream of how the game SHOULD work, you get an insight of how the game work FOR REAL pausing every second the video. Many times the lag was so wild I couldn't even get inside servers and got kicked out :( . People said it was ♥♥♥♥♥ier before but believe me when I say I can't even imagine how this is possible. Another complaint It's the inability to move your character left and right. I can't figure out who is so stupid to create a game in which you have to fight and leave you free to move only up and down.......while your enemies can even teleport behind you! I could add It's unrealistic too. In the end another annoying bug It's that the traders in the safe zone don't take your boxes and so you are prevented from having lots of EXP to power up your character leaving you with the only choice to fight nethers to upgrade yourself.To summarize:1) Phosphor Games you HAVE TO fix the servers' lag because It's nearly impossible to play.2) Phosphor Games let the character move left and right and not only up and down.3) Phosphor Games fix the traders' boxes bug."
76561198125178291,Not Recommended,247730,12027098,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Cpt. Mittens,What Hapened!!. Such potential ruined. avoid these Devs at all costs. they have ruined their reputation for me forever. no thanks good bye never buying another one of their games if this is what they leave you with. take your money and run. this is not what early access was for.
,Not Recommended,247730,15088113,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Farawen,"Since the addition of the PvE servers, the game is gotten a bit better. While the Devs still take week long vacations and never respond to any calls for help, never update, and still there are glitches in the game from dang near a year ago, being on a pve server and not getting oneshot from halfway across the map is a plesant experience.Don't buy it if you expect something to take up your full attention. Blow your $10 on garrys mod.Buy it if you just want a shoot it all lootfest only to get bored three hours later.  I've given this game several chances, and the best I can say is 5/10.  It's better than the 1/10 I would have given it six months ago when I quit playing."
,Not Recommended,247730,24640863,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Unicorn,I remember that I paid a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of money for this ♥♥♥♥ed up game. Even monkeys could code a better game than this piece of ♥♥♥♥. The game is not optimized at all and it was dropped once.In short: Scamming on a new level.DO NOT BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥!
,Not Recommended,247730,33133098,Posted: 2 July,all,Mexolotl,Dead Game
,Not Recommended,247730,12241071,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Scourgy,"Okay, I'm gonna keep this short and sweet. Never have I ever seen one of the most enjoyable early access games in recent times, get ruined (well and truely) by its own creators.When I first began playing Nether it was in its very early stages, when it was an enjoyable game and little progress could be made from discovering new weapons, outposts and the occasional bandit or hero along the way.Now I look at this game and see a disaster piece. Courrier boxes to earn post apocalyptic currency, safezone that turn unsafe with no warning and above all, the greatest flop, the promise of vehicles, map expansions and weapon customisations that came in the form of weapon parts (the same weapon parts used to make the 8 or so guns available)Truely disgusted at the dev team and despite them doing the best job they possibly could with the game (♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T) the result was a pointless sandbox where you choose a flag and kill for it. Utterly pointless, dont waste your money - better still; dont give the creators of the game a penny ever! They'll just♥♥♥♥♥♥away every shred of hope you have in them."
76561198023853954,Not Recommended,247730,14628726,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Marvulus,"I REALLY badly wanted to like this game and sunk alot of hours into it because there's so many post-apocalyptic survival DayZ reskins and you're just hoping one of them will do it right.  We all know the formula and want one them to not flop. Sadly this game is one of the many that's failed thusfar.  I'm glad I got it for a steal but I could never recommend it.Here's a list of issues:1) The PVP aspect is ruined due to hackers.  I ended up not spending much time with that for obvious reasons.2) There's like 10 guns in the whole game.  The best are unlocked with crafting (rather than the P2W shop thrown in) which is kinda cool but such a lack of variety gets boring fast.3) Storage space is far too limiting.  Storage and cash are the only things that pass onto your next characters after you die.  That's nice in theory, but the largest backpack you can have gives more space than storage does.  That makes it so you can only get a small arsenal together before you've maxed out.4) There's basically no loot or monsters.  It is pretty easy to go for hours at a time without finding a single lootable item or monster.  Loot is global which means when one person searches a spot its gone for a while.  Therefore, you need to go to unpopulated parts of the map to make looting better but even then you're getting 1-2 spots per every other block max.  The spawn rate for enemies is also pretty low so you very quickly abandon any notions of stealth and, more often than not, will find yourself sprinting across the map in the hopes you encounter anything to fight.5)  It's really poorly optimized.  I have a decent computer that runs games like Rome 2 on ultra settings without problems but I found myself needing to be on basic graphics for this game to be the least bit playable.6) There's really low incentive to keep playing once ""end-game"".  I can't say if I ever hit there, but from what I'd found through others, I'd hit a point where I had the best gun(s), a backup set, and enough money to buy food until the end of time.  From then on, all I could do was kill things to increase my account level.  Account level adds perks to new characters, but if you're already maxed level on a character I don't see why I'd want to make another.7) Bugs.  Horrible game-ruining bugs.  It's easy to tolerate the lighter ones... Whether it's the dragon-monster that doesn't flap its wings and just skates through the air for no reason, enemies clipping through walls because Why not, or not being able to loot items that give you the prompt.  Bugs like THAT are tolerable, although still disheartening.  However, the reason I quit this game and wrote this review was because of what just occurred to me.  I had died and lost my primary set of gear and was onto my second set.  No big deal since it was my fault I died.  However, the game crashed on me while I was looting to replace my primary set.  When I logged back in, I was shocked to find that the crash had led to my character being reset to level 1.  Lo and behold, my storage was missing my secondary set of gear, so I had effectively been robbed of all my useful gear and all the items I had tried to loot back.  Effectively, I was brought back to square one because this game failed on me....And all of this still occurs in a game that has been deemed ""stable"" by its developers.  Do not play this game or buy from the company who made this game."
,Not Recommended,247730,14850150,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Pharmacist,"It was good upon release, not it is garbage, do not purchase this game, the devs have sold out and know there is no more money in this game. They will slowly let it die while misleading you that they are making the game better. 99% of the player base has dried up, the game is dead and the devs ruined it. No anti cheat etc, h1z1 is soon to follow."
76561198003641047,Not Recommended,247730,12986681,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Crocopuffy,"after my account said that my steam account is already linked or something like that , i tryed to get it back and failed. so i deleted the game"
76561198071744930,Recommended,247730,16914743,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,76561198071744930,"Lets take this from someone who has played the game for more than 0.2 hours. The games is indeed a sandbox mixed with your survival. Yes the Cons being hackers and the devs left. The Pros are the PVE servers where you don't have to worry about hackers. The only thing they can do is speed hack, infinite inv and one shot. In PVE it doesn't matter, but the speed hack provides an unfair advantage. That being you get places slower. Other than that you can benefit from other players, find new friends and the community is good from what I've seen. This game is great and you shouldn't let the people complaining steer you away."
76561197963455534,Not Recommended,247730,19433720,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,TheBoyWithTheThing,Chokepoint Camping Simluator
76561198047025376,Recommended,247730,14491139,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,GhostOfSierra117,"Sort of reccommended. PVE has brought this game from♥♥♥♥♥♥to meh. Further updates may improve my disposition. As for now, party system is broken, Nether spawns have been nerfed to hell, I should not be able to sprint around without issues as I currently can, reload sounds are bugged on the semi-auto shotgun, and the list goes on but I am too lasy to type any more. I still recommend this game b/c I see improvements being made and still have high hopes for the future."
,Recommended,247730,9405277,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Captain Jack,"where do I begin...let's start with who should play this game. short answer? no one with a decent bone in their body. that being said once you've had a chance to do away with any sort of decency you have as a human being you are ready to begin.you start off with nothing. which, btw, everyone who has been playing this game will galdly kill you for as soon as they see your green backpack-wearing, kitchen knife-wielding dumb♥♥♥♥♥slogging half-heartedly across the urban landscape.after you've died numerous times you think you've got the hang of things. at this point you'll probably level up a couple times, feel pretty good, then die a couple more times just so you don't feel too good about yourself.now you're at an impasse. do you continue playing this merciless game or do you move on to something that was much cheaper and much more fun? if you chose the former, continue reading.you eventually learn how to play, swing your kitchen knife, narrowly avoid being gunned down by bands or loners who find their purpose solely to gun down anyone that they see, and eventually max out your character. now you can actually play a game. you get your hodge-podge of gear together, check around to make sure no one is following you or camping just outside and make a dash for the nearest building. once outside the warm embrace of not being dead you decide to try and make something. gather enough parts to make a cool gun or trade for some ammo, maybe even afford a cool wing suit that you saw fly in gracefully before the player connected to it dropped on your head with a shotgun to your face.anyways, now you're on your way to playing Nether.until you see some more blood spatters appear on your screen, a moment of confusion registering on your irl face before finally realizing you've once again fallen victim to that one guy who always seems to have a sniper rifle, plenty of ammo, and a thing for killing players.have fun."
,Not Recommended,247730,7912125,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Corkyboot,"This game is bad.- Chocolate Thunder, bringing it to you straight."
76561198113762374,Recommended,247730,12767960,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Jez,"I dont know what has happened to this game now :(it honestly started off amazing, it was well designed, alot more enjoyable, servers were amazing. Their used to be a time long ago where there was about 20-30 seervers, and now its just 3... i do love the game, but seriously. add some servers again. you add no god damn AP servers, all you do is support US servers. there are other players in Aus that want to play without 100+ ping. And another thing, why am i still seeing hackers in secured servers.. this is a jokei paid $18 for this when it first came out. i happily paid that because the game was starting off amazing. now i wouldnt pay over $3 for it :/bring back te old nether. it was beautiful and sooo much better and bring back dem AP servers <3 please."
,Not Recommended,247730,11436283,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Church's Chicken,Played for 5 minutes worst five miutes of my life don't Buy Game sucks
76561198017462785,Not Recommended,247730,14732006,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Quarter,"Just a little preface before starting this review, I have never played this game, just wanted to let all of you guys and gals that now. I wouldn't be surprised if you stopped reading the review right now, but I felt that I say my peace on this game. So, to the ""review"".I made an awful mistake picking it up. I really should have looked more into the game on youtube, or even better, read the reviews below the store page. I couldnt even play it. I know, why write a review if you havnt played it? Well it didnt start, thats why. Exactly why it didnt start I dont know, but I know that whatever was causing it wasn't suppose to be happening. I'd log in and the only thing that would happen was there would be a large black square on my screen. It would also force me to restart my copmputer entirely. But why be suprised, right? So many games are being released on Steam that are barely working. This game is just another piece of garbage on Steam that some how qualifies to be sold to the public.  Steam has to stop releasing broken and buggy games, I'm getting sick of it. Remember WarZ anyone?"
,Not Recommended,247730,17178774,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,[MKN] rUzSiAnJeSuZ,Don't waste your money on this. Failed game full of hackers and devs dont care about it. The money that you purchase with will go to their other game.
,Recommended,247730,27902317,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,xLegendL,"I came to love this game even in it's broken state when the devs still had it in hand hoping they would keep working on it.Unfortunately that didn't happen they abandoned it and milked it for all it was worth.So what's left is player run servers, no anti-cheat and a dying player base. Although some people including me keep coming back when there are enough people on the pvp servers just because we love this game so much.So whenever this game is on sale pls if you have the money try to get some friends involved cause the 4 pack(I do believe there is one) if great value not too expensive and hopefully we can get a steady decent playerbase cause I think it's so much fun. And who knows someday someone will wanna pick up where the previous devs gave up."
76561197994818225,Recommended,247730,18752656,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Stowneage,"I always liked this game and i'm glad it's back. It looks great and it's fun to play. It's not a walk a in the park and you will die pretty often but that's part of the deal. Give it another chance, so it can develop into a great survival experience."
,Not Recommended,247730,11832775,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Crickette,"With any early-access game, you should expect a profuse abundance of bugs, glitches, and crashes. But at the time of writing, this game isn't just buggy; it's completely non-functional. Even the sign-up form on the start-up screen was broken, forcing me to go to the Nether website to create my account there instead. And after several crashes, when I finally managed to launch the game, the tutorial mission was broken, and it wouldn't even allow me to sign up for a tribe. I barely even got to see any gameplay at all.While the graphics and mechanics look promising, and the game may very well turn out wonderfully when it's fully released and free to play, Nether is not (as of now) enough of a finished product to justify the price they charge for early access."
,Not Recommended,247730,17307017,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,S.S.M,It takes an admin password to get in!? and the game is throughly bugged I couldn't even get in a match without auto disconnect. and the steam link is a total nightmare
,Not Recommended,247730,33051951,Posted: 30 June,all,Achieve2Receive,"Whenever this game first appeared in beta mode, it looked very promising. My friends and I were excited by it at the time, and we played a bit of the beta.Now? Now it's completely dead. There was a total of twelve people online in my region...twelve... I hopped into the busiest server that I could (it had seven players total), and ended up roaming around for half an hour before seeing one of the few players in the server. I was so happy! I found a friend! That friend ended up leaving after five minutes because he too thought it was dead.The atmosphere of the game directly relates to it's servers and support: a post-apocalyptic wasteland that was previously full of hope and promise. There sadly isn't even much support for the game. The developers just seemed to grabbed the money from it's player-base and run off with it.I'm sorry to say, but if you're considering purchasing this game, don't. There are barely any players, support, or even fun. Not worth the $5, or even your time."
,Not Recommended,247730,28307449,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,PCRageGamer-YT,"Was good before they ""Remastered and fixed/Rebooted"" the game, then they broke the game. The update should have said ""Now with No Multiplayer, no future support, and game crippling bugs and crashes!"""
,Recommended,247730,11353655,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,cheapbuster,Nether playing this again
,Recommended,247730,11404355,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Laurence,"I saw this game about half a year ago and really enjoyed it. Although it stil costed 27,99 at that time, it was still worth every cent I paid. The only downside about this game is that dying is so easy that it's just frustrating after collecting loot for 20 hours to die. Thats the only reason I havent played this game more then a couple of hours."
76561198135544415,Recommended,247730,21235964,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,RabbitDarko,"A true review by one who has faced the NETHER.I steered clear of this game for along time. The pictures looked cool, The idea sounded fun, but other reviews kept me from getting it. Then I saw that the developers had changed and I went under recent reviews, saw alot of thumbs up, saw the game was 5 bucks and said time to try it.How the game works: You start the game and must deliever a package,..about 3 in all for the tutorial. These packages are randomly throughout the safe zones (a place where you cannot kill or be killed by other players, monster etc) Delievering packages earns you expeirence and money. The XP is used to make your character stamina, strength, stealth, etc higher. The money is used to purchase guns, ammo, gear, backpacks, etc. Its basically grinding to make your character stronger. Like some kind of world of warcraft game these safezones have NPC shop keepers, who never move or say anything. Once you have what you need, guns and things of the sort ( you can essentially carry 1 ranged weapon, 1 side arm, and 1 melee weapon) you go off to kill other players and monsters of the world. WARNING: If you die, you lose it ALL. I mean EVERYTHING..your character was level 30 and you could run fast and far, not anymore..level 1. Cant run for♥♥♥♥♥♥ and have lost all you worked for.The NETHERThey are something not of this world, they sound great, there seems to be about 5 or 6 different types, and they teleport around while you shoot at them. You have your flyers, bosses, screaming one that charge right at you, some spit, goliaths that look like the Hulk, Wierd zombie ones that explode and arent fast. There is a variety. Safezones can become under attack by hordes of them if the anti nether devices in the safezone fail. (they are electronic thingamajigs that prevent the Nether from being able to come into the area) It will require teamwork in order to get the safezones back up and running. There are Nether surges where they become more frequent in certian areas. Some areas of the map have them all over the place and they never stop comming. No matter how many you kill. Other parts of the map, you may not see them at all, or will see them randomly. If they hit you, it can be devasting, you get around 1,000hp and a single hit can bring you down 300 to 400hp. So get smacked 2 or 3 times and your done. However guns are very effective often requiring 1 to 5 shots to kill them.LOOTYou can find loot in the world, just like any other survival game, If something has loot in it like a car, it blinks and it shiney, I do not like they way they did the loot, Im use to actually hunting for items, checking under beds etc, and at first it was a turn off, and it felt odd, but after you get an hour or so under your belt, you just get use to it. And it doesnt matter as much anymore, Im sure they will change it later on in the alpha. Loot can be sold at traders for pennies on the dollar. Hunger system is 1 system, so rather you drink water, or eat canned food it all goes toward the same thing. There are alot of different helmets but as far as your body, it cant be changed much. The small amount of body customization will be done at the character menu not in game. Also at the moment whatever you get (like a new helmet or mask) you must log out and then log back in for it show up on your chracter.MAPWhen you first look at it and are new it looks huge. However alot of it isnt accessible at the moment. And so it slowly shrinks as you figure it out and increase speed and stamina to cover distances quicker. The city is done really well. I praise the visuals. Small things like grass overgrown on the roads, abandoned cars parked in traffic jams for miles. Giant skyscrapers that you can get to the top of. Its the small things..going into a room and seeing 2 dead bodies on the ground clinging to one another showing their finals moments spent on earth holding each other in comfort. Its a great atmosphere, black smoke billowing from building that can be seen for miles. Downed resue choppers still burning. Police barricades no longer in service. Its all there, its all really cool. I praise the draw distance, something that I cannot say for a game like H1z1. There is a city area, its decent sized, bigger then any city in any other game including arma/dayz. But as I said the map itself is smaller. The other area would be right outside the city, some kind of marshes, or lowlands. Its not as interesting to me, but its a change of pace and still not bad. Ambulances have lights still flashing, and some signs still flicker like at gas stations etc.MechanicsGun play is suprisingly good. Its smooth, its solid, and it feels out of place because I am use to crappy gun play like h1z1. ( I like h1z1 btw) shooting is actually fun and you feel as if you have full control. Another interesting concept is tribes. You can join a tribe, there is around 10 tribes. This gives you allies in the form of your fellow pvp killers. There is a PVE mode aswell, I recommend starting there until you udnerstand the game. There is enough in it to make it worth while without getting bored right off the bat becuase the NETHER can be fun to fight. There are buildings that you can capture, and take from other tribes. If you do this, the surrounding area becomes your territory. The benifit of this, is you get extra rewards. Example...find 30 bucks in your territory and get an extra 15 dollars intop of it as a bonus. Find 30 bucks in an unfriendly territory and you only get 30 bucks. There are random world events that take place such as Nether surges, bosses, and ofcourse safezones being attacked. At whichpoint you can enter the safzone guns ablazing. Something you are robbed of when it isnt under attack. There are vehicles in the game, But I know nothing of them I didnt even see or hear one til hour 10 of gameplay when I heard the roar of an engine looked out a window and some dude rolled by in a buggy or something. So, apparently there is a way to get a car.FINAL THOUGHTSFor 5 bucks...snatch this game up!!!!!!!! Micro transactions and alot of the things listed in the negative reviews when the other developer had it are GONE. And I quote the new developer (who was the original developers and sold it then saw the abomination there game had become and took it back) ""we got rid of that microtransaction ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t"" I like when somebody refers to it in such a way. I never played or owned it during the bad times, so I dont know what was going on with the game then, But I hope this review makes it to the top, to negate the other reviews that were accurate at the time and good reviews but are now no longer relevant. For the game has changed."
,Not Recommended,247730,11985287,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Kielix,"Graphics: Great looking until a certain distance, then everything becomes heavily pixelated, even on max settings. That generic sepia doomsday overtone makes it look bad as well.Player: Headbobbing seems to be the only interesting thing about the player character. Walking, running, and weapon swings / reload animations are all very awkwardly animated. Character design is very one-dimensional: Pick 1 of 3 races, pick 1 of 4 shirts and pants, play the game. The XP leveling design is complete garbage. You die, you reset to level 0. Regardless of how long you play, you always respawn with a kitchen knife.Environment: Pretty decent construction of the world. The environment feels good. However, trying to actually find anything in the world is near impossible. You might as well sit in a corner and starve to death. After walking around for 2 hours straight to find containers to loot, I found one can of beans and a bag of chips, which I immediately was forced to use for fear of starving to death. Monsters are sprinkled all over the place in what seems to be very evenly placed and set locations, like they measured each spawn location exactly a set distance apart from one another.Monsters and Player Enemies: Monsters are decently detailed. They are a little bit more than a nuisance if you get spotted, depending on the monster. Most of the time, melee weapons are alright to use if you can hit the monsters. Half the time the monster dodges attacks either because of lag, hitboxes, or whatever, so you take more damage than you should fighting trash. Player enemies are basically the equivlant of shooting fish in the barrel, but you're the fish. You spawn, you walk outside, you die. You spawn again, you grab a box to deliver for a quest, you walk, you get sniped outside city limits, and the guy that shot you takes your box and gets free XP._________________________________I bought this game when it first was out in early access, but nothing seemed to really change in the core gameplay. It's still the same piece of crap when it was released. Not recommended at all."
76561198004471354,Not Recommended,247730,12168255,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Renton,"The worst part of this game has to be that you can become VAC banned just from interacting with somone who's cheating in this game, even if you don't know that the person is cheating you can be banned, the whole VAC cheat detection is garbage."
,Not Recommended,247730,12314474,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Rapid Rider (SHPUK),"The game is all about sneaking around, scrounging for resources while combating and avoiding both man and monster in a post-apocalyptic, moody and tension-filled setting. The game provides players with a strong atmosphere, reminiscent of Metro and STALKER.The setting may be fantastic, but the gameplay is far from perfect. While gunplay is acceptable, melee combat can only be described as wonky. There’s a fairly well done stealth system, but this does not help you level in any way.While Nether’s creeping around, looting and shooting down monsters in a post-apocalyptic world sounds good it does not hold up well in practice.On a technical level, there are a lot of issues both in terms of performance and bugs. Frame rates regularly drop too low to be acceptable, even on a high end rig.However the biggest problem is the multiply player, no holds-barred, survival experience. Nether was hyped as a co-op experience, but unfortunately that is rarely the case. More often than not you will die at the hands of another player. Sometimes a random player you don't see coming, but also from players you thought were joining in the co-op spirit and who you thought had teamed up with you. They have a habit of backstabbing you and robbing you when you don't expect it. You may say,""all's fair in love and gaming""but consider this: when you die you re-spawn at a random location with only a knife and have to restart your skill tree from scratch. Yes, every time you die. While I'm sure some people will love this it gets old very quickly.To make this even worse, just getting out of the spawn area can be a nightmare with other players camping about picking you off when all you have is a knife. Worse is the fact that there seems to be absolutely no control over cheaters. Lots of people using aim-bots and hacks spoil an already marred experience.The real shame of it is, I think that there is the basis of a really great PVE co-op game here.Where is the co-op game I was hoping for?Why are there no PVE only servers?Why can't they stop the hackers?"
,Not Recommended,247730,12332847,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,"which ""m"" shall it 🅱",DONT GET THIS GAME
,Not Recommended,247730,10587656,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Alexander452,"The game is more unstable than it was in ""Early access""The game is not finished and was just released because no one was buying it anymore"
,Not Recommended,247730,12370549,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,jamesgordon101,"Really Bad, Really Really Bad"
76561198062321709,Not Recommended,247730,17656064,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Irish_Reaper,This game had a lot of promise in beta and even when it first came out though it felt unfinished after leaving Early Access the game became very boaring in time to the point that it was no longer worth trying to enjoy it. Please don't waste your money on this game as you will surely miss it.
,Not Recommended,247730,33095349,Posted: 1 July,all,WHO THE FUCK SURVIVES 5 9MM SHTS,"Has potential, too bad that they've quit on the game.The game is dead, all servers are empty. Singleplayer isn't very enjoyable.As much as I like the game, I do not recommend it."
,Not Recommended,247730,23943519,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,🔞SPÜKY YÜKY (R-RATED!!!)🔞,"I can only say that I was one of the people who bought this game at its full price only some time after it came out because I thought I saw potential. However, after this game had been ruined in the development process, I knew my hopes of a good, or at least decent game, had been dashed.In its current state, which it is likely to remain in, I would have to slap a big NO on Nether for whoever wants to buy it. Please stay away if you want to spend your money on a game that is actually good."
76561198054867309,Not Recommended,247730,12639684,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,But'th Why'th,"Ok so I have been questioning whether or not I should do a review for this game and I hae decided why not. So let us get one thing straight, this game is still pretty good but it was so much better. Back when it was in Alpha it was a strong game with a lot of potential. The concept was good, the mechanics i.e. looting, crafting where all good, the nether (the main enemy) was and still is a good idea. So why then does it feel now that it is unfinished, glitchy, buggy and too some degree just a broken game full of people killing each other.This game has become less about killing or surviving against the nether and more hunting other players down and killing them again and again and again. Some players in this game, dont want to fight, instead they want to do what made Nether good; loot, craft, survive and so on. The game makes not attempt to ensure that it doesnt become a cluster of death. The nether are barely in it now, it is literally whoever has the biggest gun wins, and in truth that doesnt appeal to me.Should you buy and play Nether? I would say no, dont buy this game, really dont, it is frustrating on a few levels. The mechanics are still there just not emphasised enough, the concept of the ganme; survive, pits you against players more than it does the nether (this is usually done in a situation when you get shot at repeatedly without knowing where your shooter is OR when you have a lot of stuff or no stuff). The game just feels rushed and broken. It WAS good, really it was. It could still be good but because of the rushed nature of its development from Alpha to release it still has a lot of broken parts to fix.I hope this review has helped, it's a shame because it used to be a good game.One more thing if you choose to buy this game here are some tips from 65 hours of playing, stay away from Riverside Trading Outpost as this is where you will die, if you have a gun and you see a player with a gun...shoot first as this is where you will die, dont sprint that much as this attracts the nether as this is where you will die and if you have no loot or items go to the subways as this is where you can find some stuff,"
,Not Recommended,247730,7982805,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,The Laughing God,"My review for NetherI have expressed my opinions on this game alot on the discussions page only to be silenced by the moderators for simply saying that Dayz (mod) is superior to this horrible game in every way. I have sunk over 200 into dayz even with its many bugs i found it a hell of a lot more enjoyable than this game that looks and plays like infestation survivor stories.The game is basically a boring environment with enterable buildings that just look plain horrible, Floor upon floor of nothing.the game is like a huge deathmatch with a hunger system."
76561198056364572,Not Recommended,247730,24583370,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Terrence Peterson,"NETHER...IS...BACK! We have rolled back the game to Summer of 2014, when it first left Early Access and was still being developed by us, Phosphor Games Studio.I have been bamboozled. Nether is not back and probably won't ever be. R.I.P"
,Not Recommended,247730,11713163,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Viperbane,"What kills this game is the player base that is either hacking the game or camping near the protected zones to which you as a newbie must go in order to get coins and craft better gear. It may not sound so bad, but it is in fact ruining the game to such a point that it rewards the camping behaviour - If you're first on a server and can rush to get a gun (ranged weapon) then all you need to do is sit down and wait for other players to do the work for you and you get to kill them and pick their gear. It is not much from the rookies, but well worth it as you don't have to play the game or make anything of it.The concept of this game is likeable, but the players are incetivised to ruin the game by camping and killing new gamers.My recommendation - Do not buy this game until they can come up with a viable model that allows new players to get at least a fighting chance - At the moment you are given a Butter Knife and expected to fight camping players geared with Sniper Rifles.Note for the developers - How about enticing geared players to go further away from the safe zones but having more/better loot and challenges, so that new players can at least get a little sporting chance of maybe getting a ranged weapon?"
,Not Recommended,247730,11153394,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Daemon,"So, I got this game for about 3 bucks, and for that much, I don't know how much I can really complain, but seriously, if it said early access, I could have excused a lot, but being sold as a finished product? Not sure if I can really say the same thing.Right off the bat, I get to wait for the launcher to load, then I have to register for another ♥♥♥♥ing account, then I have to wait for the launcher to accept my login… then wait about 10 minutes for the menu to load… so I can select a server to join… then to wait again for it to load in the world. The time it takes to get in game is like 20-25 minutes in total, which for a game being sold as “finished” is just inexcusable unless you are a grand strategy game and that’s just how long it takes for you to read the novel of instructions. Then when I start in a server, I see right away “oh there are going to be micro-transactions, and Jesus, is there a way to turn off that vignette? And is there another color to this game besides brown?” I then spawn in, and get a nice little pop-up letting me know that this is the tutorial and to deliver the package to a person in the safe zone. Awesome I thought, this should be easy, get some early loot, then head off and adventure. Nope. Take two steps forward and get absolutely wrecked by about 10 monsters. I spawn in again, same safe zone, thinking “Well maybe I stumbled out of it, or maybe it was just a glitch”. Nope. Get wrecked again, turns out that safe zones can be invaded by monsters and the apparently you can fight them off, but good luck figuring out how to do that with the kitchen knife you spawn in with. The game has no issue with spawning you into un-safe “safe zones” when there are perfectly tenable safe zones elsewhere. It does give you the option of spawning randomly, but it almost has the same problem, “great now I don’t get to die instantly, I just get to either starve to death, or I get to take my chances with the flying things, hmm decisions decisions”. A few deaths later the random spawn actually placed me within distance of a real safe zone, where I was able to finally see those NPCs I was supposed to be turning the quest into. And apparently this game takes place in the S.T.A.L.K.E.R universe because every NPC on the planet wears a black or brown hoodie and scarf, it’s almost as if modeling faces is kind of hard. Anyway, after turning in the first quest, I was given another, and the quest description pointed me back towards the city, however I was able to just walk to the next shop over and turn in the quest, and I was finally rewarded with an actual weapon and water for once. Now at this point I was given a quest to go join a tribe, and instead of doing that, I decided to go out into the world and explore now that I was decently equipped with something other than a kitchen knife. The first few buildings I found were nothing special but I soon learned that the glowing containers were the ones containing loot. However, the game thinks “loot” means “the same two useless ♥♥♥♥ing items over and over again”, and while I understand the whole survival thing, this implies that survival might be possible and that you have some sort of higher goal, and now mine was “join tribe” and when I finally found the place to join one, I had officially won the game, time to exit out and uninstall. Seriously, the only thing to do once you get a gun and join a tribe is to shoot other players and possibly other monsters, if you get bored, which will probably be very fast since new players are few and far between in this barren landscape. Oh and speaking of landscape, I know some games have issues with clipping on tiny terrain objects, so the developers put in a jump button, or just make them inaccessible, this games idea to fix this issue is to just make your character float about 15 feet above any major obstacles, which breaks the immersion somewhat, but I can say of the many problems with this game, getting caught in clipping wasn’t one of them. But then sitting 15 above ground also gave me a nice view of the scenery, and hint: it wasn’t much to look at. Seriously, just get a brown piece of construction paper, eat some taco bell,  then take a messy♥♥♥♥♥♥on it, and bam, you got the world map for Nether. While I really didn’t expect “Skyrim with mods” levels of color and creativity, they could have spiced things up a little, maybe not copy pasting the same 4 or 5 buildings over and over again would be good start, and possibly making some interiors to random shops, so it would feel more like scavenging than playing hunt for the helicopter. And then why stop there, maybe make loot really mean something, other than a means to acquire shotgun barrels, seriously I feel like the apocalypse in this game was caused by raining shotgun barrels more than monsters. In the space of 20 or so minutes I had acquired 11 shotgun barrels with no purpose other than to sell at the shop for more water bottles. And thats basiclly what the bulk of my time was, flooding the shotgun barrel market and buying up shares in the water bottle industry.I’ll stop ranting, but seriously this game needs work or a few rounds in the back of the skull. Probably the latter."
,Not Recommended,247730,11679909,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,♦ Rox ♦ 🚾,Don't forget your password.. You will never be able to get back on it
76561198118840147,Recommended,247730,10490446,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,TacoMacSupreme,"Please, take a look at the dates people post the reviews!  Quite a few are outdated and patches have already fixed the problems!  I started playing this on a guest key from a friend who bought it on a whim.   The game is fantastic when it comes to optimization, visuals, exploration, and environment.  The map is somewhat restricted even with it's fairly large area, after playing for ~20+ hours, you learn what routes can be safer and where to avoid players (or hunt them if that's your style).  Graphics settings are very simple and can change your experience in the game drastically.  For you who may not have top of the line computers, don't fret, this game's detail can be dropped low enough most computers can play it easily!There aren't many servers, and can't be made by players sadly, but each has a capacity of 64 players maximum, the more players ingame, the less nether seem to spawn, and vice versa.  Grouping up with friends is very easy with the group option, and even has a /group chat to keep your messages private, as well as a local area VOIP built in.  The compass/map allow you to mark waypoints and get to them easily, which is a tremendous help in the environment when you need to make detours or get disoriented from combat.  Gunplay is nice, recoil is realistic (Military experience) and there are a fair amount of guns for an early beta game.  Contrary to other reviews, there is NO pay to win system.  The only purchasable items are cosmetics and keys, the keys only are used to unlock chests containing various items.  Almost everything in the game can be bought with ingame currency aside from a few cosmetics, and guns are not purchased, but crafted or found.There is a storage system that allows you to save items in a ""bank"" that you don't wish to lose or can't carry.  Through my experiences playing, I have not seen any hackers, and only one exploit another player used, which was a way to gain massive amounts of money, which has already been fixed with the latest patch.  Little to no server lag, and quick start up for the game.  Easily played solo and fun with groups of friends if you have the resources to do so.  The variety of nether is nice, each type having it's own way of performing combat and sets of abilities adding variety to the combat.  Unlike games such as DayZ, the community here is pretty good, it's not hard to make friends and allies, and not everyone is out to KOS you.Though I've hopped around here and there on subjects briefly, the game brings something to the table for everyone.  If you like combat, it's balanced and interesting, if you like stealth, it's easy to do, and a viable playstyle.  The skilltrees are nice, and no, you don't lose EVERYTHING upon death.  You lose the items you were carrying, your character levels, and 10% of your money you have.  Yes, it does sting, but you also earn an account level, which gives you permanant boosts, varying with your level, making it easier to regain those temporary levels to get that edge.Anywho, to wrap it up, if you are looking for something different than the other survival games, give this a try, it's cheaper than most, constantly being worked on, great customer support, and finds ways to keep you interested, solo or in a group."
,Recommended,247730,11312638,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,שלום,">Must repair 3 devices from ""safezone"">Nobody else but me cares>Monsters everywhere>Repair 3 devices and get gangbanged by 3 reapers at the third one.>Manage to escape>Cries for help on chat>Nobody gives a s**t10/10"
,Recommended,247730,13357113,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Foxy,It's like. Scary. But also not scary. But still scary.
76561198083900953,Recommended,247730,13278132,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Winter's Howl,"Great game. Bugs and hackers are kind of annoying, but I have been informed that Pure FPS is working on that now. If you are having trouble deciding to buy it, my suggestion is YES."
,Not Recommended,247730,22580703,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,mario713,"This game is a failure. Biggest crap i ever played, i wont event make a list what i dont like because it would take too much time..."
,Not Recommended,247730,13298254,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,bossman983,"THERE ARE NO SUCH THINGS AS FRIENDLIESOk, let me tell you a story:-Playing Nether-scrounge for ~10 min and only find a bat and bag of chips-see a guy in full gear with a big♥♥♥♥♥gun-ok, he probs wont shoot a nobody with no gear for no reason- he shoots a nobody with no gear for no reason-lose all my stuff-new game-Scavenged for a half hour to finally find a gun (made out of two cans)-raided a base to finally get a few decent supplies and finally find ammo for my gun-decide to head back to safe house so i can stash my gear (not using all 3 guns)-nearly there after 20 min of walking-hit a dead end so i hide and check my map-guy in full military armor turns a corner, blasts me in the head and I die-didnt even see him because he was lagging so much-game is over after an hour and a half of scavenging for no gain-start over-nothing but a knife again-♥♥♥♥ it, ill just run towards another base so i can find some gear like last time-find another goddamn can gun-go outside-♥♥♥♥ing flying satan is waiting to blast hot plasma up my bum-shoot him 10 times (all my shotgun ammo)-nothing happens-whats the purpose of having a gun-diesThe End (probably permanently)"
,Recommended,247730,12067016,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Mr.WorstNightmare,"Pretty awesome for sure, just maybe a few to many hackers haha."
76561198072458490,Not Recommended,247730,17543525,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Grandma Sausage FIngers,If you forget your password then forget ever trying to play this game again. The password recovery does not work.
76561197975247124,Not Recommended,247730,23090675,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Evilgoattea,"Game has so much potential but it is all but abandoned by the developers.   There is a myriad of other survival games in this vein, I recommend pretty much any one of them instead."
76561198059760295,Not Recommended,247730,18832003,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,AndrewSenpai,wasted 30$...for the founders pack a while back.
76561198002518859,Not Recommended,247730,17324848,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,RedStar,♥♥♥♥ this game. Developers have abandoned it. It was a solid open world FPS that had a lot of potential
,Recommended,247730,12929819,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Almighty Morty,Nether is the Best game i have played (PVP/Survival). Sure it may have its glitches and bugs but it was only released as a full game for the summer sale and these new owners are doing a great job on bringing it back so just give it some time and the hackers will be gone then we can start working on improving the game like the weapons and sometimes mager server lag so just give this game a month or two and it will be amazing like before all these hacker ♥♥♥♥. btw if anyone needs help just come to me.
76561198067533852,Not Recommended,247730,23109109,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Tripa,"If the holocaust happened every four years, like the Olympics, that would be better than this."
,Recommended,247730,10771644,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Paxopoxo,"Guys! renember, if you going to buy it, it says *64-BIT OS REQUIRED*. this means if you dont have a 64-BIT system it will not run the game! dont waste money and make sure you got a 64-BIT. i own a 32-BIT system and it doesnt launch the game at all. luckly i have a laptop with 64-BIT or else i would have waste my money. be aware for this everybody!"
76561198067707932,Not Recommended,247730,10779929,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Mr_PooMore,"TEN THUMBS DOWN. THIS GAME IS COMPLETE GARBAGE. After starting the game up to a black screen that would need to be closed by task manager and trying again to only get a completely unresponsive or barely functioning menu. When i finally was able to get into the game, It was in a 'specatator mode' with a completely crappy environment which i was told was a bug and went to take a shower until it worked, which was 20 minutes later. Upon playing the game, I found out that there was nearly nothing to do, All the mechanics blew me away how bad they were, like falling out of a 50 story skyscraper and taking no damage, or holding 'e' as prompted which got no response. On top of all this, the AI is utterly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and I could barely squeeze out 30 fps on minimum crappy settings (which actually looked laughable), on a PC that can easily max most demanding games. I'm pushing it by giving this game a 1/10, EASILY one of the worst games I've ever played and not even worth the $2.99 asking price."
76561198141168898,Recommended,247730,14493322,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Nero,its a great game was very bad before update now there working on hackers then it will be awsome
76561197983029046,Recommended,247730,9125502,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,{GsG} RUSTYasHELL,i like the game but it be nice if i could bind my mouse keys
76561198010925057,Not Recommended,247730,13578467,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Damartan,"Small map, buggy as hell.Despite severall updates, the game is still sheit as soon as you leave a group to play on your own!And to top it all of they have got massive issues with the account management/creation  which is currently stopping me from getting into my current account  ( on which I have items of value god darn it!) or from creating a new account.Fricking piece of sh*t"
,Not Recommended,247730,13725394,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,[LPG] Detective Bulletstorm,"I totally don't recommend this game, I can't even play the game cause it won't even create an account, I put my information in and it just says ""Status: Creating Account"", I left it there for four hours and its sitting there with the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, when I try to click it again, it wipes all my♥♥♥♥♥♥and makes me start over. If I can't even play the game cause it ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ts when trying to make a account, I don't recommend it. I want my money back."
,Not Recommended,247730,33173376,Posted: 3 July,all,Bigbroflo10,Game Is Dead. Don't Buy It
,Not Recommended,247730,31589748,Posted: 6 May,all,Spidey,"So, the games not to bad, its decent, overall just a survival game that someone put together and got to lazy to finish, but you should be aloud to refund it no matter what time you've had it for, or no matter how long you've played it. Becuase no one ♥♥♥♥ing works on it anymore, please make this game refundable, all games that are quit on just let us refund it! Get your things together Steam and quit being such Money Grabbers."
,Not Recommended,247730,25700339,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Invader_Churro,It used to be fun. Now it isn't. Don't buy.
,Not Recommended,247730,23776307,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,LordKellogg,Don't.... Just don't
,Recommended,247730,8710977,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Wikidog,Pretty fun. I hate it when people call it WarZ 2.0. It really has way more potential and very fun to play alone or with some friends. I do recommend this game!!!
76561198133958570,Recommended,247730,21059399,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,demojay,i paid just £2.79 for this game  i was suprised with how good the mechanics of this game actually were gunplay is fast and smooth its well optimized 10/10 wud get killed by safe zone camper again
,Recommended,247730,9300984,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,[cRu] Demonz,"oThis game is awesome! If u love adventure and action this would be a game for u. Even though when u die u loose all your stats   u still can earn money to buy stuff so u dont only start with a knife. Dont get me wrong it gets frustrating, but all together this is a good game. Remember if you dont like it you will later. THIS IS ONLY THE BETA!!! The full version will come out soon but until then get prepared."
,Not Recommended,247730,11065682,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Bukk94,"#CzechMomentálně hru hluboce nedoporučuji ... Hra není plně propojená se Steamem a když se chcete připojit do hry, musíte se registrovat na jejich webu a přihlašovat přes externího klienta. Neumí si zapamatovat heslo, takže při velmi častých pádech hry které budete zažívat vás to začne štvát.Menu je primitivní, skládá se jen ze serverlistu. Aby jste mohli hru jakkoliv nastavit, musíte se připojit do hry. Severlist je sám  sobě zalagovaný a nebýt fixu, který si musíte udělat sami, čekali by jste dlouhé hodiny jako já dříve.Servery vás z nepochopitelného důvodu vyhazují zpátky do menu bez jakékoliv chybové hlášky a vy tak ani nevíte co se děje (a ano opět se znovu načítá pomalý server list). Když se připojíte na server, nemáte zdaleka vyhráno. Dost se stává, že se bugnete ve Spectator modu a nemůžete nic dělat. Pomůže jen alt+F4.Ve hře máte i magickou schopnost, která vám umožní procházet skrz textury, stoly, skříně, kameny a dokonce i ploty.Hra má velký potenciál a skvělou atmosféru (noční procházka v hrobovém tichu - boží), ale příšerně ji ničí lagy a bugy. Bohužel jsou to věci, které nejdou jen tak přehlédnout. Doufám, že na tom vývojáři rychle zapracují, protože hra se chová jako ve stádiu Alphy.#EnglishI don't recommend buying this game at full price right now. This game looks like alpha version. Nether have great potential and awesome environment but he have a lot of bugs (you can run through tables, cabinets, fences or even rocks). Menu is primitive and have only lagging server list. If you want to customize setting you have to login on server.I hope that developers will repair all these bugs and lags because Nether could be great game. For now I don't recommend you this game."
76561198023948935,Not Recommended,247730,11781593,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,shambo,no.
,Not Recommended,247730,11691969,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,BlindRiku,"Good Game, BS Support, if they mess your account up dont expect to be playing again, cause they will just give you the run around and litterally F**K you, they wont even buy you dinner first they just pull your pants down and screw you there and then, if your account works then your lucky to be able to enjoy the game, thanks for wasting my £25 Nether, the title really means you'll Never play this game when we F**K You."
,Recommended,247730,8153787,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,[F!] Aldershot,"A good game for an early access. Not with out it's flaws, but certainly very enjoyable. Overall i would recommend it, especailly if it's on a sale. check my impressions video for more detailshttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f2AzX3YuHgk"
,Recommended,247730,9170515,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,FadedTeleTubby,"Games amazing so far, even in its beta state.  The developing team is working very hard, and listening to peoples ideas to make the game better. This game is only going to keep getting better than it already is. I'm really excited to see what the developers are going to do with this game. This game is worth looking into, and I recommend it anyone"
,Not Recommended,247730,11586124,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,SixNineSix,Cheaters Cheaters cheaters and over the last 6 Months I have seen little done to inprove the game. Seems like Dayz to me. There was a good influx of players on the servers for a month (Probable Steam sale) Then people just get tired of being ganked by someone going 200MPH. Or aimbot. All hacks that have been around forever and should not even exist. Rumor was Steam was going to implement their anticheat - hack. Went back on first hour ganked by tommy turbo and the funky bunch.. Dont waste your money or time.
76561198108637626,Not Recommended,247730,33665638,Posted: 19 July,all,im a kar,"(first things first you gotta picture like a 90 year old chainsmoker is narrating this review.)I remember back in the day when there was rust, dayz, and this game. Rust was pretty fun so I thought I would buy this game. I deeply regret it so go I recommend  spend the $5 on something nice like a neat little fidget spinner, you will probably get more depth out of that."
,Not Recommended,247730,28238446,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Thedog487,"Nether had a sort of different idea from every other ""survive in a city"" game. There were no zombies, just monster things. It plays like a dead MMO. nothing will ever change with it, and thats all it has to offer."
,Not Recommended,247730,25980790,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Choubichi,"Game is literaly dead, dont buy this"
76561198115129444,Recommended,247730,21059423,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Banananana,"Nether: Resurrected.....I first logged on and was pleasently suprised by the detail and performance of the game.played my first hour learning the basics such as crafting, eating, navigating, dying, respawning, dying etc....After my first 2 hours I was pretty confident with the games functons and mechanics.Its a fun game when you figure out the market system and crafting components.Its not P2W in the slightest and is actually a pretty solid shooter all around.Then there is the community.....The community sucks complete ballsack, dont expect to even say hello, if people see you they will shoot you.People will also wait outside safezones just to kill you and take your gear.The community is the worst part about this game for sure.... Everybody you come across is a murdering scumbag and you should learn too shoot first.10/10 Would rage quit again"
76561198120592882,Not Recommended,247730,23767849,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Dr. Fumbles,I payed 35 dollars for this...
,Not Recommended,247730,11243952,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,The Derpy Narwhal,"The devs can't do much right.. They fix one problem but then two more take its place.. 45% loss of money on death.. Meaning in one death I'd lose about 45k cash. Yeah, not playing this game til that's gone. And apparently many other players have the same idea."
,Not Recommended,247730,11313167,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Ronnie,"I could never even log in! After literally 11 days of waiting for them to resond to their support ticket (a time I spent desperately searching forums and trying every solution I could find) their reply was ""No refunds. This is a beta/early access. Send your ideas to improve the game to the forums."" This game wasn't even Early Access when I bought it, yet their support still thinks it is!By all accounts, even if you can log in, this game is an absolute mess.What a terrible experience."
,Not Recommended,247730,11746267,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Skrulox,I and many other people can not join any server. This aperently started during december and they still did not fix it 8 months later.
,Not Recommended,247730,13788287,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,seef,Total crap.
,Not Recommended,247730,13379963,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,KillScreen,"Don't buy this game. Developers gotta link your steam account manually, and the support page link is broke. Couldn't even start the game, thank god steam refunded me the money.This should be removed from steam store."
76561198043278883,Recommended,247730,29574434,Posted: 29 January,all,Roxas Sky,"You know this game gets so much hate, I havent played in about a year and a half cause I kept getting spawn killed in the first 10 minutes of the game. I absolutely hated it. however with single player and the fact you can have custom servers not I love it cause now I can play with my friends without worry of us getting boned by douch bags. I give this game a solid 3 1/2 stars just cause of that. I would give more but I feel the skill system is lacking. although I do love the concept of account level and perma death"
76561198145128940,Not Recommended,247730,12724978,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Nox Machina,"this game is horrible, its all about the people that have stuff like guns, ive been spawn killed 3 times and therre are 64 people on this huge map, when ever i get something worth selling and try to go to a safe zone theres always someone camping there, i wouldnt get this game unless you like wasting your money and getting dying not being able to do anything"
76561198061454381,Not Recommended,247730,12719969,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Lancaster,This stupid game wont let me creat a new account. it has been saying Status creating account for hours. DONT GET IT
,Not Recommended,247730,11719322,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Thorval,"I payed the full price and now they lower the price to 9,99? What do we get for that extra payment?!"
,Not Recommended,247730,11319403,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Pixel,this is a pay to win with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics tons of bugs 10/10 BEST GAME EVER
,Not Recommended,247730,13699790,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,snellyS,Dont buy this game untill they actually begin to ban hackers.
76561198052543847,Not Recommended,247730,25741395,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Amli,I couldn't even get the game to work back in 2014 when i bought it. Now after 2 years it's just dead and developers have abandoned it.Don't buy this game.
,Not Recommended,247730,11854667,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Reachie,"I haven't played even two hours of this and I can honestly say this game is trash in its current state. The idea is pretty nice and what the game has to offer WHEN it works is goof.There are so many glitches, that it really sucks out all the fun. It's frustrating when the game hangs upon trying to exit to the main menu, and you're suddenly unable to pick up items. On top of that it's  poorly optimized.I must also say that the environments are pretty blunt, even for a city.I would really like to play this, but as of now I cannot recommend this game.Update:The game is still dead. Devs promised to resurrect the game but that never really happend. Not much ha schanged, so do NOT buy this."
76561198081333437,Not Recommended,247730,12702944,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Alvercrest,"I would not recomend this game if you are not comfortable about hardcore pvp deathmatch.Wait... I thought this was a survival game..?Oh, it is but no one works together. The level gaps between the different players is so high that any new players on a server can probably last a good 45 minutes before they are instantly sniped by a random person. There is hardly a sense of survival as supplies are few and far between. I would love this game if not for the fact that by walking around, I am instantly a target for someone who somehow managed to survive long enough to acquire a sniper rifle."
76561198031839928,Not Recommended,247730,12703197,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Dreadnaut40000,"I wish I could say that I had experienced this game to its fullest. The reason I have four hours of game play is because that was the only time I got to play the game. Recent changes have made it difficult to even enter the game. I used to be able to pop in, check out the scene, explore, fight and generally play the game. Now, I can't even enter a map due to ""server busy"" followed by a prompt disconnect.From what I did play, I found somewhat entertaining. I wish there were more mobs to hunt/kill and less PVP... because, let's face it....no one enjoys being killed repeatedly by the guy who bought the sniper rifle from the cash store over and over again....not because he gets anything from killing you but because he bought a sniper rifle from the cash store to be a♥♥♥♥♥♥ I did like the whole aspect of running around a desolate metropolis, entering ruined building in hopes to scavange food and weapons, all the while hoping not to encounter any Nether beasts.  If the focus was more towards the latter, I'd definately get behind this game..... if I could ever log on to it, that is."
,Not Recommended,247730,23757531,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Zero,The game is dead or in other words abandoned.Save the money for something more worth while.
76561197961522486,Not Recommended,247730,16429933,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,PUPPYKICKER,"I have invested a good amount of hours into this game.  I would like to briefly state what is good and what is bad about it.The Good - Atmosphere, Environment, Empty Cities, Exploration, Post-Apocalypse, Monsters, Survival, Gritty, Dark, and huge amounts of potential if in the right devs hands.  I mainly like it because it has some similarites to the dark feel of the STALKER series.The Bad - The hackers, The lack of support and patches, The frustration of losing all your progress after each death, the amount of people who hack/kill innocents/ruin the game for everyone.This game could have been so awesome if it was in the right hands!But until they fix any of that, well I would say steer clear.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~June 6 2016 UPDATE REVIEWAfter reading the three comments of those who told me to give the game a second chance now that is in new hands, I will be reinstalling Nether to see the changes and differences that have been made.  Now that there is PVE and Single Plyer mode with Coop for friends only, I just might have a change of heart! To be continued!"
,Not Recommended,247730,7858717,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,NeverlandMan,"This is a complete waste of money. Don't listen to anyother reviews. This game is just a copy/paste of warz.Please, I warn you. DONT BUY THIS TRASH. It is complete $hiT."
,Not Recommended,247730,11001354,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,CardboardB0xTV,Do not buy this game! You will be dissapointed!!!
,Not Recommended,247730,12027102,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Ronny the Outlaw | MeEioTV,"Bugs,bugs,bugs!I paid 2,50€ in a steam sale for this game.Can't even join any server!No support!"
76561198071238499,Not Recommended,247730,12894814,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,§ªṁþ§ºŋ,Developers abandoned the game before even completing the game. Content and map size as promised during the initial launch never even made it into the game.
,Not Recommended,247730,22493829,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,slackfam,"This game feels utterly incomplete, don't waste your time"
,Not Recommended,247730,28801509,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Ghaz,Trash open world survival game.
,Not Recommended,247730,20189341,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Dumpling [E-485],"The game is fun, but I could only ever play it once. All the other times, the game attempted to connect to a server, loaded the server, and then disconnected to the main menu ( No, I don't have any VAC bans )"
,Not Recommended,247730,23733296,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,That Guy,"This was a fairly fun game, it truely got your heart racing. But then the developers turned their ways, and began wallet chasing."
,Not Recommended,247730,16953845,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,TiGGaZ,"The devs abandoned the game after the PVE update, so now basically hackers run wild on PVP servers, and the remainder of the players stick to the PVE ones but even there you might get killed by a hacker, so i highly advise that you dont spend money on a dying product that has little to no support and whose players base is smaller by the day.I wouldnt rate it, because it once had potential but it turned into another early access debacle."
,Not Recommended,247730,30640823,Posted: 20 March,all,All Moi Life,They renamed it resurrected but the actually made the game die lmao.
,Not Recommended,247730,19443934,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,the22766,"This game..... Im honestly about to slam my keyboard through my monitor. I bought the original, loved it, and when it was taken down I never recieved a refund. Not even a cent. So if you think I'm gonna purchase this oone, your dead ♥♥♥♥ing wrong."
76561198118549680,Not Recommended,247730,12319689,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Trashman,"Game will not let me log in, I have tried everything waste of money."
,Not Recommended,247730,12821731,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,OO-WEE,"unless you like the new ""open world Deathmatch"" then this would be ok for you.... but for the rest of us that want a decent open world survival game then try something else..."
76561198012244798,Not Recommended,247730,12308106,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,sSeBaSs,No one play this game and starting alone is impossible.
,Not Recommended,247730,23658960,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Duplex,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░ DO NOT BUY THIS GAME░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀▄ NETHER_ . ▄ ░▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Recommended,247730,14772530,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Dusk Shadow,"Extreme Mailman Runner Simulator- Run packages in a post-apocalyptic wasteland, for meager XP and money you lose five seconds later as someone snipes you in the face from across the map!"
,Not Recommended,247730,12310687,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,[Xplays]Xblade_Uk,"I am so sick of wanna be game devs putting out complete♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and claiming its the next best thing to sliced bread! ,Nether is no exception to this ""trend"" of absolute crap being glorified in its description and screenshots ,I had high hopes when i paid the way overpriced fee to buy this game months and months ago yet like Starforge,Landmark...... you get the idea i cannot be bothered to type all the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that has been released like this but in my opinion these early access noob developer games are mostly another way of taking peoples money in return for a lame♥♥♥♥♥half hearted attempt at providing us with anything but the polished game experience we deserve and have come to expect of developers in my 28 years of gaming.And before anyone comments that we buy them early access and know what to expect that is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t,we dont take the plunge as it were into buying into early access without thinking it over for a day or so and finding as much info as possible on that title before buying...INVESTING in a games development because we believe in them as a compatent team. Basically i think there should be a better way to deal with the way this whole thing is done to ensure rubbish like this is eradicated from the devs that are genuine and want to give us the game we deserve for the amount of cash they make out of us as trusting gamers.If it was upto me once a game company that started an early access game and releases a pile of steaming♥♥♥♥♥♥they will never be allowed to release anything on steam through greenlight again ,because in my opinion the disclaimer warning that its early access and may never change from the state its original early access release is in is just an invitation to put out the ♥♥♥♥♥est game they can throw together in order to make a quick buck!"
76561197981294519,Not Recommended,247730,18191733,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Jeremiah,"Apparently the devs are shutting down the servers, which means this game is now unplayable. DO NOT buy."
,Recommended,247730,19870585,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,[TNC3]CptBlakes,"Nether is....AtmosphericCool landscapesDesolateFrustratingParanoiaDifficultEerieIsolatedLonelyWastelandKeep quietRun Forest RunHideSense of accomplishmentGive me waterMedic!The screaming!Keep your head downCapture the BaseHunt the ReaperCraft a sniper rifleDeliver a packageEquipment drop.Trust no oneLooting is funEnjoy the view.Use buildings as coverWatch your backBeep beep beepFind the ""Escort"" BoxFind the ""locked"" containersHang gliders get you down faster than you got up.Careful who you meet in gas stationsI need a bigger backpack!Use the subways when you canOrder of the Cult can help you with crafting.Use your global inventory to store stuff in between missionsSpend all your money on useful stuff.Don't carry too much money with you.Nether goo, will get you out of sticky situationsAlways aim at or above the headDuck an crawl when you need toWhen running, watch your energy and never let it run out!In the North West of the Map's 2 bases you can find a Vehicle to Drive ;)A very underated yet cool game!!"
,Recommended,247730,8202992,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,|NSA|Jean Claude VAC Ban,Awesome game :)
76561198024236602,Not Recommended,247730,16984067,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Bucky,"Do not buy this game.I decided to load up the game one year after its release and apparently nothing has changed. While the game isn't broken per se, it surely doesn't offer any enjoyable experience whatsoever, much like when it was released. But back then you at least had some PvP.Now however, in addition to the empty world and bad game mechanics the game is pretty much dead.There haven't been any updates in month, and while I can't tell if there are no updates because the playerbase died out or vice versa, the result is still the same.A bad game without players.Do not buy this game."
76561198072549825,Not Recommended,247730,12280931,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Sassy,"can't sync with steam = can't play the gamebug lasts since january, and they don't even think about fix.just don't waste ur money into this"
,Recommended,247730,9272014,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,[PPNS]MRAMNESIA8,After playing this game for 75 Hours all i have to say is: YES! Yes! This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome! This game beats DayZ + Rust together! It's so ♥♥♥♥ing well made an awesome and really funny! And it's challenging too! I give this game 10/10 for awesomeness
,Not Recommended,247730,12251303,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,SSX,Developers are close to abandoning this♥♥♥♥♥♥game.Avoid.
,Recommended,247730,9799882,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,✪ Electro,"an amazing experience for an open world pvp, i personally think its way better than dayz + better graphics, it might have some minor bugs here and there but over all totally worth buying it. if these bugs were to stay forever on this game i wouldnt even mind since its that good, on top of that its still in early access, meaning more mods and stuff are coming.  if you like to loot, kill and make clan or gang members then this is the game for you. (sorry for the bad english btw)"
76561197963662458,Recommended,247730,9947528,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,StopFeedingMeh,"Only game I play anymore. It's like meth, only worse."
76561197994827301,Recommended,247730,18752758,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Apterous,nether is back!was*it's gone again.
,Not Recommended,247730,10732382,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Vejita,"This game is in early access, but it is not listed as such. Therefore, only purchase it if you are interested in an unplayable alpha version of a game.Good job Steam, you've tricked another person with your shoddy business practices and total lack of quality control."
,Not Recommended,247730,10772618,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Hammarn,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing terrible!It crashes when loading servers and the sign in console is bugged.2,79€Not worth and i demand a refund.Also this should be 0.1 Alpha. This is not a fully funtional game."
76561198023816334,Not Recommended,247730,10783466,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Ca$hville Allers,its rely gud 10/10
,Not Recommended,247730,10729115,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,XoticDman,"Bugs, Hackers, Ignorant Devs... fail game."
,Not Recommended,247730,11763909,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,INTERNETNICEGUY,No. This game is bad.
,Recommended,247730,9935796,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Biggie,"PROS:• Cooperative Survival• Open World• Full Customization• Medium Level Optimization• Excellent PVPCONS:• When You Die Stats Reset• Broken AI• Light Bugs/Glitches7.5/10 ""Decent"""
,Recommended,247730,10903647,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,MissHawty,"My Lord, this game has a tonne of various bugs, some almost stopped me from playing the game entirely. Setting aside all the negativity, the quality of the visuals are outstanding. There are obviously many flaws in this game, but once you get passed the bugs and everything, its quite enjoyable."
76561198021762003,Not Recommended,247730,16734824,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Burning Patriot,This game is dead. They've halted any large scale development for the game. It executes elements in the survival genre that can be found elsewhere and done better.
,Not Recommended,247730,16318997,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,*Friskies,dont buy it.
76561198144924481,Not Recommended,247730,13961058,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,BeeZy,Nah.. If You expected another survival game like DayZ but this time with monsters... Its not this game.. Good graphix but I still cant understand why I buyed this game..
,Not Recommended,247730,22245240,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Domdagger,"So far I've seen lots of zombie, monster, alien games. I have to say this one takes the prize for the worst. Seriously! The escorts leave you as a sitting duck, you can't equip any of your weapons. Also, the when the monsters *attack* you the noise is all the same FOR ALL THE MONSTER ATTACKS. It makes me laugh that the noise sounds like a smack. That's the only comfort I've actually gotten from this game. The crafting sucks(SERIOUSLY YOU HAVE TO RELY ON A NPC FOR CRAFTING AND YOU HAVE TO BE IN A SAFEZONE FOR THAT). The gameplay is... suspenseful because you NEVER know what's going to attack you a player? a monster? falling damage? Do not play this game it sucks... if you enjoy the sound of a smack then be my guest play this game."
,Not Recommended,247730,12930961,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,JayPride,"After revisiting this game I am beyond dissapointed, after the player base has been crying out to the dev teams for all this time and yet instead of listening to what the players want they are bringing out NEW ♥♥♥♥ING GAME MODES! I mean wow, now I can get beaten by hackers and players who have dashed out tonnes of money to look cool in a new GAME MODE! Seriously, why sell a game that is ridden with micro-transactions, all you are doing is stabbing your playerbase in the back before they're even in the game! This game is whats wrong with the gaming industry today, this is the perfect example of how to turn a great idea into a game that grubs money at every given moment... Even EA would be ashamed to try and suck this much money out of players!"
,Not Recommended,247730,16141937,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Glemanče,"02.06.2015I even cant play this bullsh*t game I just cant log in. I think they abandoned it or something. When I was playing it with my friends (A year ago) it was a BIT fun but a lot of bugs ruined any fun in it.  Developers doesnt pay much attentions to fix all bugs in the game and I just think they took all money and went to Bahamas or something. Game performance sucks a whole  <you know what>. If somebody even looks at this game just go away as fast as you can. (I BOUGHT THIS GAME FOR 2€! Which is the max price you want to pay for game like this.)TLDR;Not worth 9,99€ to play this."
,Not Recommended,247730,11714498,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Forge,"Its fun for awhile sure but I didn't even get to keep playing the game, suddenly after an update my computer couldn't handle it anymore. Now the game is half what I payed for it for the best version and am I getting an upgrade? Nope. Are other players who purchased it for the same amount getting an upgrade? Nope. Lots of promises that fell through on this game."
,Not Recommended,247730,11893155,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Wolvie,"UPDATED REVIEWSept 9, 2014:Just under 2 and 1/2 weeks later, this and another issue (Gold Upgrade Fail) that made the game unplayable for me, whatever was going on server side behind the scenes has been fixed. I was messaged on Steam that the game was playable again and can confirm that is the case for me as well.I am leaving the original text minus the ""Do Not Buy"" message for this review just so other gamers know the game can go down pretty much exclusively to server side issues on the Developer's/Publisher's end, something my fellow Steam users should know before purchasing.The short and sweet of this game is that it is very atmospheric, significantly because the stakes are so high because so many mistakes can end your character that you have been leveling up in a heart beat. I'm way into games with tension like that, sneaking around wondering when the sword of Damocles will fall - so if you're not into that kind of high tension, low throtle scene ... apparently there are LSM modes one can play instead that were recently added to the game. Hmm, I still consider the Survivor FPS RPG stuff to be the meat and potatoes of this though, so I stick by that this game is only a consideration if you're into that sort of thing, that's my impression so far anyways.Be warned though, some of the stuff like going to the traders is for lack of a better word janky or understanding the compass indicators in a world where some pretty significant obstacles can be in the way so you don't bee line for your confusing way point marker or getting stuck while sneaking can be annoying and impresses upon me the sense this game is not polished aka had the equivalent of a QA Tester pass.For what it is worth, I find myself playing this in roughly 30 minute sessions, where I either do one mission of some sort around or between the Safe Zones or turn in a bunch of loot I found while sneaking around the Nether Monsters and wondering if some other survivor is going to shoot me dead for my pitiful belongings - which hasn't happened yet, sneaking around seems to be working out quite well and I have reached Character level 16 (thus I have been enjoying spending skill points) without dying for the first time, yet. This is in part due to that sneaking feels like all I should do so far until I find a better weapon but so far its mostly been just bandages that seem to drop out of loot containers.I hope this has been helpful and if you want to see the original impressions, see below.Original Review:Seriously, it worked for all of an hour, while I made my way through the tutorial missions, when suddenly the game was convinced my character was still in the Safe Zone when it was not, this being the second safe zone I left after creeping about avoiding Nether monsters. As long as you are in a Safe Zone, you can't fire or swing a weapon, so you can see how this would put my character in a bad way if attacked by the monsters. So, I logged out.Big mistake, apparently. The game did not log me out but instead continued to starve my character to death, only now, none of the keys would work, no menus could be brought up. I had to bring up Task Manager to kill the game.So I start it up again and log in to a server. Only, what's this? My character is stuck in place, no keys responding to input (so I can't exit the game normally, again), and my characters weapon and stats have changed to 999/999 HP Assault Rifle 02 99/999. And this happens no matter what server is logged into and I have to kill the program with Task Manager every time.When I went looking for when this game would be fixed on the day of my first play of this game, this is the official response on their forums I found:08-20-2014, 01:58 PM#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorSorry for the issues and thanks for your patience.  Developers and server team is working on fixesthat should roll out today.We will keep you updated as we learn more.That was a week ago.Edit/Update Aug 31, 2014: So I tried again after following some instructions from Steam Support, since I am trying to get help from them, only to be greeted by this Gold Update Failed BS every time I try to play now:http://steamcommunity.com/id/CanadianWolverine/screenshot/559891575264135504"
76561198018247341,Not Recommended,247730,11707827,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Jstephens870,Dont get this its hard to find things like weapons and stuff and its hard and also its not very interactive with the player like opening things and checking out places
,Not Recommended,247730,11767654,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,◭Triangle Man◮,"It hypes you up for an adventurous, terrifying journey, but all you get is plopped into a surpisingly good-looking barren city, but one that's devoid of any meaningful interaction, very basic and easy-to-fight monsters, and the requisite dreck of humanity sniping anyone and everyone for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles. Stay away and try The Forest instead."
76561198007965687,Not Recommended,247730,12002019,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Dade,"Whenever you get something  worth your time, some 'skilled player' will pop out from nowhere and kill you. Sometimes instakill, others you simply cant kill them. If you ever try to report one of them, you need to dig on game forums and be redirected to a Google Form which I doubt any dev is even reading.Too bad, because the game really deserves to be played if there are legit players."
76561198054342536,Not Recommended,247730,11781154,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,jesse.gill,I bought this game while it was on sale.  I've been unable to create an account.  I emailed them and tried what they've suggested.  It didn't work.  I wasted money on a game I've been unable to play.  I have a large library and have never had this issue with a game before.I wouldn't waste any money on this.
,Not Recommended,247730,11743472,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,RedWormCharlie,"The gameplay is garbage, slow and sorely responsive. On top of that, getting started, trying to play, is worst than rust. You have level 50 people who just safezone camp and kill you the second you leave. This game is grossly boring."
76561197965029258,Not Recommended,247730,12016673,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,tehRoni,"I bought a copy of this game last month when it dropped down to $9.99.  Now an entire month later....I'm finally able to get thier launcher to work correctly.   I had contacted the developers about my issues of not being able to download a working launcher from steam or from thier website.  I had tried ALL of thier recommended solutions, including uninstalling Steam and cleaning my registery settings in Windows, and re-installing from Steam...for the 10th time.  Well, after a month of this, I installed the game again last night, and now I have a working launcher.  I was able to log in and get into the game...and started loading up a server...then got kicked out to the server screen again.  Tried again and I was able to load into a game.  I know this is an early access game, but this is so not worth $9.99, let alone the insane price they were asking for before the price drop.  From what little I played, the UI and options are minimal at best, I iniated some quest and was given no direction as to what I needed to do or kill or any obvious waypoint marker or quest log.  And I'm fighting monsters with a chef's knife, I get over whelmed after a few minutes and the system tells me to create a new character or exit the game.  On top of that I needed to turn down the settings just to have a stable frame rate.  There are no settings for my monitors native resolution."
76561198123925060,Not Recommended,247730,12019377,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Hav,"Uhm Little Disappointed.The Game is Good, dont get me wrong tho, only problem currently is the hackers-Esp-Speedhacks-God ModeBut, once the problem is fix, this game offers enjoyable gameplay-Looting Spot-Safezone Attacks-Nether Locations-Open World"
,Not Recommended,247730,11516222,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,trippie,"So i thought this game looked amazing, i bought it months ago, and look at the time i have in it. now im going to explain why this is bad.So i do not enjoy DayZ (or as i call it the Everlasting Beta) so this wont be me saying ""Dayz master rece feg""Anywho, this game in theory is fantastic, except for 2 things.1. Monsters - Ok. So monsters have the ability to teleport, and sense you pretty easily. Sounds realistic right? The only problem is you cannot hide from the Monsters, they always get to you. If you get caught by one as soon as you spawn, your either going to get hurt a ton, or die. Also just to add, there is a flying monster that is almost impossible to hit with a melee, so enjoy trying to hit it with a knife.2. ""Co-op"" - I use the term Co-op loosely. This is the only time that Dayz is good to me. In dayz, you can say friendly! and have a chance to meet a friend, although in Nether, they shoot instantly before you can speak. You cant meet new people, and helping people wont happen. If you go to drop a gun for a new spawn, they will either kill you with a knife (or attempt to) or take the gun and shoot you. Co-op isnt really a thing in this game.So all im saying is dont buy this unless they fix monsters, and your prepared to hide for 6 hours."
76561198113631892,Not Recommended,247730,11693553,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Onion Soup,"Been trying to run this thing for weeks now to no avail....The game looked good, and I've seen others play it without problems, but it just wont work for me.I've tried all the forums, looked at all the help and followed the instructions to the letter, but nothing works.If the game works for you, then I'm sure it'd be fun, but for me it was just a  waste of money that refuses to work."
76561198049363374,Not Recommended,247730,11899111,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,( ͡☉ ͜ʖ ͡☉),"If you are considering spending money on this game at the moment please Don't.Other players on this game will drive you insane. People will continuously decide to shoot you as they see it is either you or me.Meaning you most likely will never get anywhere as you lose everything when you die.Don't get me wrong, I absolutely love the way the game looks and plays. When I do get a good run I feel completely immersed which is exactlly what I look for in a game, however, that feeling is very scarce in this."
,Not Recommended,247730,10922229,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,King of the Beasties,"Not worth it, hard to get into."
76561198037675861,Not Recommended,247730,10889020,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,SexTaco,♥♥♥♥♥sucks
76561198021030392,Not Recommended,247730,10922665,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Polar,"I wish I had invented some kind of mechanism that allowed for time travel.If I had, I would go back in time to the exact point where I was about to buy this game, and punch myself in the nuts."
,Not Recommended,247730,10878223,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ｚａｖｉ,I wish I could take my $1.99 back and go buy a doner kebab instead of this trashy game.Do NOT buy it! Just trust me.
,Not Recommended,247730,11618242,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Jack'O'sac 🎃,This game looked more fun than it is. I didn't enjoy playing as the game still feels as if it had little effort put into it.Bob you owe me £3.
,Not Recommended,247730,11614107,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,NICEONEBRUVA,"""status: launching game"" is the best thing I've ever seen in my life!"
,Not Recommended,247730,11800624,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Kiwi,This is basicly a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ metrolastlight with no campaign only multiplayer.
76561198049274782,Not Recommended,247730,13233868,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Víðarr,do not buy this game. It used to be playable now... now all the people left are hackers. the devs just don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198151134417,Not Recommended,247730,13505070,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Divinios,its a fun game but with all the troubles loging on it really makes me not want to play also cant play
76561198121543003,Not Recommended,247730,13506416,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,gonzoforpresident,I want my money back.
,Not Recommended,247730,14675391,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,herndon720,"Although this is a pretty awesome game I must say a few things about it..Pros:Nice graphicsAssassin-like feel to itAmazing mapCons:No PVEFew weaponsBad communityBefoe you judge my review, finish reading it. The game is awesome in forms of graphics and it makes you feel like you're creeping through the night with a huge map to explore.  There are numerous places to loot however this game is too hard. There are no servers with no PVE so you're forced onto PVP servers where people shoot on sight. I've yet to encounter someone who didnt kill me for nothing. You have a rough time finding a weapon and most of the time you just find parts to a weapon you must make yourself and then find bullets for the gun. Only one character I made has been able to properly loot without getting assassinated and starting from the beginning. You will probably die about 4 or 5 times before you find your first weapon and by then you will have people hunting you. You cannot put it on a server that isn't nearly full so not only do you have to deal with monsters/aliens you have to also deal with people who just kill you for fun. This is why I say it has a bad community but what pvp game doesn't? This game needs to let you create servers or at least play on less populated servers. As soon as this problem is fixed Maybe I'd recommend this game but when you reach a safe zone you are pretty much stuck there because another player will follow you until he can kill you for your knife... not recomended"
,Not Recommended,247730,13786928,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Spikeyblur,I can't even log in. The poor way they have designed logins created such a frustrating experience and left me locked out of my account. 0/10 not even playable.
,Not Recommended,247730,13309352,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Death a la mode,"Loved this game, came back after a while and it's nearly dead.  Nothing has changed and hackers are worse than they were.  Had so much promise but it seems they just took their money and ran."
76561198008266099,Not Recommended,247730,13601552,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Atomik89,"i like the game, but i ould like mor an explination of why do i always start at lvl 1 every time i conect to the game, and where the ♥♥♥♥ do the server that i conected yesterday went?????"
76561198037200885,Not Recommended,247730,13829495,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Kienzan,"I can't even log into this game. It just says ""login failed"" all the time."
,Not Recommended,247730,14002681,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Alex !,"Only 5 servers left to play on, around 100 people playing and 50% of them hack. Don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,247730,13937437,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Arcenist,"I died. Like a lot. I never quite grasped this game. I guess if you have kept up with it, it'd be fun. It was not really what I expected it to be when I first read about its alpha release in the beginning. It still has its problems today. I quit playing it out of boredom and trying to navigate the city.I would try to play with friends if you get this game, it can get very hard to survive alone."
,Not Recommended,247730,13812887,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,TheBlobZ,FIGURED OUT HOW TO FIX FAILED STEAM LINK!The fact that i have to force my steam account to link is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ butttttttt......1.Go into google chrome2.Go toplaynether.com3. Login and click your account name4. press on your keyboard ctrl key + Shift + j5.Once you have console opend copy this line of code and paste it6. mber.syncWithSteam()7.Press enter and then your good to play.
,Not Recommended,247730,13919838,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Captain Falcon,"Everything was amazing until the hackers came. The first dev's did a patch that created more bugs and some wierd lag issues occured. Then the glitches and hacks started to appear. They never corrected it, rumors went around talking about bans but they never happened. They passed it onto another Dev's and they did a few patches. Nothing occured after that. More hackers started to appear after they knew nothing was going to happen to them. Then the 2nd Dev's passed it onto the third dev's. To my knowledge the 3rd dev's are the ones who created the Nether Arena, etc. The amount of servers are down to I think a hand full. And no one plays the game anymore. Hackers run the Nether world rather than looters and Nether monster. Would I recommend this game? Hell no, its been broken for awhile with many false promises. Was it fun while it lasted? Yes it was very fun. The good times hanging out with friends, hunting people that felt they wanted to mess with our crew was a blast. Our hearts would race, we would frantically talk on TS, it was good. Too bad it will never be at that state ever. Before it was 9/10, Today in 2015, its probably a .5/10."
76561198040848567,Not Recommended,247730,14304653,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,MagicznyJakub,"This game had a huge potential. However, it seems like developer have abandoned the game for some reason. The resault is simple - I, as well as any other that bought this title, dumped my money into a game that is never going to be finished and to a delveloper that simply ripped us off."
76561198069824075,Not Recommended,247730,12294953,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,SuWoop_Excalibur,Its sad the alpha was better and just kept getting worse and worse
,Recommended,247730,11358625,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,✪ Glimpse,"This is an incredible game. It is really cool how this game is a beta, yet I still like it way more than most of my finished games. The atmosphere is breathtaking and the creatures are horrifying. It is really all you could hope for in a new game and I can't wait to see what the next update brings. It has a lot of potential to be a fantastic finished product. I would recommend this game to all of my friends. 10/10"
76561198034302061,Not Recommended,247730,25598547,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Flower,I'd rather play with a broken record then this.
,Not Recommended,247730,10782873,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Sir Danihilator,"Nether teaches people to always read reviews before buying a game, no matter how cheap it is. This should be in Alpha. Has potential, still sucks and has horrible mechanics, therefore, Alpha material. Just... just don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,247730,10713212,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Genesis,"I wouldn't mind a hacker, i wouldn't mind dying constantly to aimbotters, I just want to play this goddamn game. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME I REPEAT DO NOT BUY IT!I can't even get through the launcher and i tried all the steps to fix it. It is nothing but buggy♥♥♥♥♥♥ Dont get it and save your money"
76561198065685793,Not Recommended,247730,14686237,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,TonguePunch,Uninstallation is the key to lock this door...
,Not Recommended,247730,34229427,Posted: 13 August,all,dadfist main,"Really is a shame. I remember playing this for the 1st time in my sophomore year of high school, where it was actually a bit of fun... it felt different for the genre it was. Play the game now and it's like you can see a good majority of what WAS good about the game, things like the map and enemy design as well as the animations (not those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing emotes), and the ""Ressurected"" half.It's laughable, and yet really damn sad to see what this game is vs what it could've been. They were really on to something."
,Not Recommended,247730,10890947,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,CCL sama,"The game concept is good but the product is poorly done :( Don't let the screenshots fool you. I really recommend you to watch some Youtube videos first before you buy this game. The level design is really poorly done and I'm getting WarZ vibes from it....For example floating assets, models that aren't solid and so on. Such a simple thing like this and not fixed even now shows us how unprofessional the devs are. The bugs in this game are the highlights: Monsters that on rare cases can one-hit kill you, the infamous server loading screen that overloads your pc and many other things.You can't even change your backpack since they didn't add it in game...every normal person would include this feature before they adding a backpacksystem. I don't really know what the devs are thinking. This game really reminds me of WarZ, the pick up system is quite similar, plus the lazy leveldesign and the safezones.But aside from that lol it can be quite fun, there are not so many hackers anymore since the VAC protection and I really like the monster models (but not the teleportation). Well, if you can ignore all the bugs and like to play team deathmatch on a big map with a little survival mechanism, then this is the game for you!  Let's hope this game won't have the same fate as WarZ lol! Thx for reading :)@Update: This game has been abandoned from the devs! Do not buy it!"
,Not Recommended,247730,34957910,Posted: 14 September,all,Catherine Is Strange,R.I.P.
76561198029620558,Not Recommended,247730,34926249,Posted: 13 September,all,ToxicGreenGekko,Abandon all hope ye who buys this game.
,Not Recommended,247730,13968251,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Zenocist,"Looks like it could be something fun, but it's too hard to progress without getting killed instantly.If you want to constantly kill people, just go play Call of Duty, like seriously. I want to play a survival game with friends, that doesn't drain my wallet. Is that too much to ask?"
76561197996206317,Not Recommended,247730,9419561,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Daybreak,"I don't like the direction that the game is going.  I thought it was better before tribes were so poorly implemented.  They keep adding items to loot, collect and craft with but never increase how much you can actually carry nor store.'Safe' zones turn into deathtraps with no warning, game breaking clipping issues, AI that is such a joke that I often wonder how anyone dies to them, vehicles that are completely undrivable.  Like... who did they get to program the vehicle controls?  A blind lemur?  Seriously... worst ever.  And I've played a lot of games.It was more fun when it was simple, but now they add tribes.  You now either have a blindingly huge nametag right on peoples faces.... completely destroying immersion, but at range you have no way of telling who is in your tribe and then you're punished for killing them.This game, duing beta, started out as a solid 6.5 but had 'progressed' to a 4."
76561198003180241,Not Recommended,247730,13781307,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,JewBox Hero,This game is not ready to be played. -1/2/15
,Not Recommended,247730,10814084,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Dozzle,"Nether - Where our motto is: "" Go F**k Yourself!My play time on this game is miniscule because I couldn't get into the actual game.The game is centered around a wasteland, hunting for food and salvaging for supplies, of course, it could be about hunting monkeys and riding unicorns because I can't play it for myself.A 2GB download looks promising, downloads, and first I get an error having to try make an account 6 times. When I finally got it to work and got my account up and running, BONUS POINTS! It crashed on launch. Still with high hopes I tried to get into the game and noticed it stuttered worse than Watch_Dogs on release. Can't join any servers.Total Playtime: Around 1 hourTotal Fun: 0.tl;dr, DO NOT F**KING BUY THIS SH*T, EVEN FOR £2"
,Not Recommended,247730,33723972,Posted: 22 July,all,Kantia,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of a game. Forced to by it, never played it. kappaCan the Devs be fined for ♥♥♥♥ing stealing money pls thx u <3"
76561198018463849,Not Recommended,247730,11695431,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,FreakofStars,the game doesnt even run. it will log me in and then tell me steam isnt running even though it clearly is. devs havent returned my emails on how to fix it. the internet doesnt even know what is wrong.
,Not Recommended,247730,11706608,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Vape Naysh,Worst game ever. Right next to WarZ. Pretty sure my friends were trolling when they told me to buy it.
,Not Recommended,247730,16107363,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Froxen,"I have had this game for months and did give it a good review in the beginning, but now it is a black hole that has sucked up all your dreams and hope that this game would ever become a real playable game.  I would actually pay to remove this from my library and pay to remove it from other peoples libraries.  Save yourself the time and buy something useful...like a roll of toilet paper to wipe this s**t up with."
76561198117235769,Recommended,247730,11362207,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Jake-O-Lantern,"I picked this game up during summer sale on a whim and i think it has a lot of potential. Currently Nether is getting a lot of flak from the community for bugs, hackers, general problems with running it, and the admins. While they are valid points I think a lot of the hate is undue. It is definitely a work in progress but as my experience goes, It has been enjoyable enough to keep playing as I see the potential it has. I would definatly recommend this game, just not to people with a low tolerance for developing games and the problems that come with."
,Not Recommended,247730,15154716,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Stellar Psyke,"Nether is a game with a great concept and lots of visual flair, but falls down hard on gameplay and content.The game still exists in what I would consider a pre-release/alpha state. The game works, you can play it, but it feels incomplete. There isn't a lot of content, there are plenty of glitches and hackers remain a problem. It seems like the devs have cashed out on this one and have neglected to finish the game.Ultimately, may be worth a few dollars on sale as there is some fun to be had, but essentially you're buying a game that will never be a complete experience.4/10EDIT 1 Nov. 2015The original development team is back, and seem to be addressing some of the issues that have held Nether back. It's still not a recommend from me, but there's hope that Nether might become the game it has the potential to be!"
,Not Recommended,247730,15181943,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Hel1,"I enjoyed the scale, the environments, the small details, and realism but didn't care for the enemies. Teleporting zombie alien creatures really don't fit in the game although they are quite terrifying because if you agro more than one your chances of survival are small. Sneaking around them proved almost impossible. Sneaking didn't do much good. The fact that you lose everything that isn't banked is a huge incentive for being cautious but costs a lot of what could be fun risk taking gameplay because as you progress further you become more and more reluctant to venture farther. It puts a real damper on exploration for long periods of time and adds a lot of monotonous walking. The idea of this game sold me before I played it but after a several hours of grind that kept being wiped out by a random PvP encounter I uninstalled the game and never looked back. BORING. I deeply regret this purchase."
76561198006843188,Not Recommended,247730,15186561,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,ThyEzekiel,"Has so much potential, yet it is executed terribly. Speaking of execution, the developers of this game deserve to be executed."
,Not Recommended,247730,11238652,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Forgewolf,Don't bother with this game.
76561198148427668,Not Recommended,247730,11736022,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Goatballs,I CANT EVEN SIGN IN TO THIS SHITY ♥♥♥♥IN GAME AND I WASTED 9 DOLLARS ON IT THIS WAS THE BIGGEST RIPOFF OF AL ♥♥♥♥ING TIME
,Not Recommended,247730,11972579,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Tofran,"Before buying this game do some research.I did not like it, but your opinion may be different.Just make sure that it’s a game you’ll enjoy, I recommend reading/watching some reviews (namely  recent ones)."
,Not Recommended,247730,11997286,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Bumhunter the dank,I've never been able to see one frame of ingame action since I bought this. Support is dead. 0/10 Mtn Dew man does not approve.
76561198141454134,Not Recommended,247730,11739738,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Cool Raptor,"This game would be good if I could ACTUALLY play it, When I join a server, it just kicks me right back to the server list...And I dont know what is happening because I just bought it, until someone helps me and it starts to work, then I will recommend it."
76561198012891964,Not Recommended,247730,11771881,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,BloodyMary,"This Game is a  BIG BUG !This is a real urban survival experience, try to play with that SXXT and you will fully understand what it means !"
,Not Recommended,247730,13723692,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,HypedHD,Nether Is An Good Game But Its 12/30/14 I CANT LOGIN Or Play The Game Soo Its Kinda Worthless Becouse I Was Wondering If Its Me Or The Game/Website That I Cant Login Onto Nether!
,Not Recommended,247730,14172797,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Ozzy,"Do not buy this game, zero content update in a year.The new company barely fixed some bugs that have been around forever, but haven't even stated what they want to do with the game or if they even plan on supporting it, and by the way, you can't contact them if you want a refund for a dead game."
76561198119139657,Not Recommended,247730,13889320,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,US East peru hunting adventure,finally i can make a honest review of this game after playing it for a year i willl be naming the good things about this game then the bad things about this game so lets jump right into it! nether is a game where you are in a city with monsters that will kill you on sight and many other dangers that lurk there. you start out in a 64 player server with only a butter knife and it is up to you to live and level up. there is a wide range of skills you can get by leveling up by killing nethers and bringing packages to the safezone they need to go to also watch out for other players because they might not be as nice as they say they are in this broken city you and your friends can band together or kill each other for loot and money that you find craft and kill for in your journeys.the game has a wide amount of weapons you can use to fight the nethers and the other players in these servers rangeing for rifles and pistols to skullaxes. as fun as this game sounds there is many downsides to this game that could have been great. to start off there is hackers running about everywhere so it is hard to live when you have speed hackers and people with aimbots that can shoot you from insane distance. secound there is no vac servers so there is no way to  stop these hackers even if you wanted to report them the site to even make a account for this game is down so for those planing on buying this game i am warning you not to but it so you can save your money for something else. 3 the games devs are all gone pretty much and the old team that left got replaced by nether LLC which this dev team is way over there head when it is coming to making this game and the dev team before this one had at least 1 or 2 updates a month. 4 the game has little monsters to fight anyway the most common thing you will run into is a person with a gun that will shoot you on sight as wel most of the time most of the community that was on nether has left there is only around maybe 500 left not even inculding that there is not many servers at most there maybe only 4 to 5 servers up at a time. now the only updates we get are pointless and fix the many problems we are having with the game hell some people cant even get on the game and there has still been no fix for it even after a year some people cant even link there accounts to steam and have not recived a refund for this game it awfull for those who have wasted there money and this game and have pretty much been scammed. so what i have to say about this game that could have been somthing that it gets a 3/10 for gameplay and a 1/10 for the services to the people who still cant even get there money back for this game.
,Not Recommended,247730,11097680,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,hotmatrixx,"I like this game.I mean, I WANTED to like this game. I really did.*Damn Vet's with squeaky voices keep sniping you at safezones (which every few hours are not actually safe) and weapons drop points.*Tribes was supposed to encourage team-play. So far, not so much.*Perma-Crappy-Death. I like the idea of that, but I don't actually like it, at least not here, not in this implementation of a game.*Nether that can be outrun - if you sacrifice everything and end up out in the open... snipe. gg.*I love the idea of a more 3D world than Day-Z (by that, I mean it's got more vertical elements to it - high buildings).*I've had this game for a long time. They changed some stuff in a a recent update. Turns out it's pay-to-win now.*Screenshots of well equipped teams working together.... I only ever saw that once, on my 1st day in the game. Wish I'd made better friends with them.*Basically, too damn brutal and unforgiving. Made so by the hole-breathers that crapshoot newer players.*They need a PvE (Player VS Environment) server. Basically make it impossible to shoot each other.===>>>On PvEIt's what the community keeps screaming for. Just one. Then tell all their players about it - especially us, the disappointed leavers. It will fill up, 1st day. They will go ""Oh crap this is popular"" and it will be 90% PvE Servers within a week. Either that, or they will keep Their current vision alive until it dies this time next year from lack of funding... Because the ""Community"" (mostly 13yo♥♥♥♥♥♥♥beaters) will keep killing off the newbs that would keep coming back - the newbs with the money. Don't believe me? Look at the community. Most of the actives have a max of 10 games on their accounts, 4 of those being CoD. Go figure. The people writing these reviews are the ones that have 100-400 games on our accounts. Where do you suppose the money is? Why, it's leaving to find a game with PvE servers, of course.If you want the full gripe-sheet, just keep reading the other comments. I can't say anything that hasn't been said plenty of times already. Keep reading. Sadly, Thumbs down from me.I wanted to like this game."
,Recommended,247730,7977064,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Smoshi,It's one of those games that will be fantastic when it's finished.
76561197995865002,Not Recommended,247730,21963207,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Solar,"Hacker fest. 9 out of 10 players hack. They can run from one end of the map to the other within seconds. Flying hackers, aimbot, walking through walls. I do not recommend playing this."
,Not Recommended,247730,25599044,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,angrymetaldude,"what a waste of money, ffs"
76561197997068175,Not Recommended,247730,10953829,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Phantasmagoria,"My first impression on the early access was frustrating, i had only one chance of trying this game because it didn't support my computer.Now you're asking. What is so relevant to this new review i'm writing? Well dear costumers, i feel cheated and fooled.They have not fixed the issue, i've burned money for nothing and sadly enough, this is the only game that doesn't work on my library, isn't that fun?I guess i'm to fault to have bought this game but they didn't warn me at that time.it's unfinished and the developers rushed it out of Early access prior tosummersales just to get an extra penny, that's the impression i'm getting.I do not recomend this game untill they fix all of the obvious things mentioned earlier."
,Recommended,247730,10967981,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Slark did nothing wrong,I'd rather drink a bowl of rat♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,247730,23765970,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,twitch.tv/hendawgztv,"bought this game for $20 when it first came out thought it looked very cool, the updates kept coming witch made the game seem a little newer each time and all of the sudden the game stopped getting updated and the game seems completly abandoned dont buy this game unless you want to waste your time and money with this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game and dev team."
76561198091599932,Not Recommended,247730,17738302,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,CIA,http://steamcharts.com/app/247730At least I can now learn about Steam Refunds.
76561198116202547,Not Recommended,247730,16817960,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,BattleChief,"This game had its moments....Nether was an amazing game, no matter whom had it...it had so much potential and such a nice feel...I actually enjoyed it...now I can't join a server...it just sends me back to the server select screen. To anyone who reads this...good luck and find another game,this one has been abandoned by the devs and left to rake in some spare money from fools who wanted to buy this..."
76561198128436185,Not Recommended,247730,13070704,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,(ಠ ͜ʖಠ),"low quality baitgame doesn't worksupport is useless11/10Edit:Now i am finally able to play this game after a freaking long time.And the devs are working on it again.All i can say by now is it runs better than dayz und it looks ""ok"".I don't like the hold e for everything part of the game but i hope the game will grow up in the future."
,Recommended,247730,10748948,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,[TW]Spartan,Just don't even buy this....
76561198042746692,Not Recommended,247730,11224499,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Gearbusta,Waste of ♥♥♥♥ing money. Avoid at all costs.
76561198091945835,Recommended,247730,10756175,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,●Zumbig,"In my opinion, this is totaly the genre of game i was waiting for, this game is everything in one. Having a good group of people to play with im having the time of my life. Having 300 hours in this game i have no regret of all of them. The PvP bring the hard more in the game, if this game would be only PvE in my opinion it would be boring. The game itself has some bugs but don't worry they will be fix some day. Totaly recommend this game if you are a survival/fps type or person."
76561197972711728,Not Recommended,247730,12379916,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,nocturne,There has been alot of updating for this game in the last couple of weeks......too bad the devs are too ♥♥♥♥ing  lazy to tell you what the updates are fixing ...last one they tell you about is sept 9    ...and i know there has been 5 updated download so far since then.  until there is strictly a COOP server or a lan option. This game is a waste of time..
76561198029781791,Not Recommended,247730,13667134,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,nia7black,"Hey you, yes you. Do you like being shot to death 2 mins after you leave the safe zone by other friendly players? Do you like not free to play, pay to win MMO'ish games (that can only seem to support a fairly low number of players per server) where you can buy fake currency with real currency to buy life saving items like melee weapons, health water, gliders, backpacks,  clothes and character emotes (like dancing, gesturing etc)? Do you like droppimg those things on death for assumedly any one to raid (you get to keep your clothes if you are wearing them and I assume the gestures)? Do you like losing all your levels and recreating your character everytime you die? Do you like delivering boxes through empty desolate (but also very pretty - the graphics in this game are nice) landscapes? Do you like a total lack of worthwhile NPC dialogues or character from you NPC's?  Do you like a minimal variety in your monsters?  Do you like not being over inundated with too many servers to choose from (not many left).  Weird glitches when ever you go through water (being able to live under water, having watery distortion follow me while on land)? Then this is the game for you, otherwise take the above in to consideration.It's not that Nether is actually bad as such it's just the over combination of factors can leave a bitter taste in a new players mouth.The landscape looks breathtaking when you first log on to it (although it is difficult at first to determin what you can interact with and at what angle you need to be on in order to get the vehicle or whatever to give you the option to do so) though variation is a lacking.The people all look a little like characterless mannequins (players and NPC's alike) however what few monster desgns there is do look good on close inspection if a little derivative. The monster noises are also quite good if repetitive. From the trailer and from playing the game  it seems to want to deliver what we love from the Last of us (minus the scripted parts), Borderlands series (minimal RPG elements), DayZ (survival with teleporting fleshy monsters things instead of zombies) and Minecraft (the reliance on item crafting).It makes for an interesting soup of ideas that sort of works but at the same time sort of feels like it misses the mark.If you have a crew of players I'm sure you can get more out of this, though I suspect  that most of the fun will be had fighting against other groups of players for dominance of the map (though it has to be said that there are a host of other games that can offer this same experience or better).If you want to try this solo, this game may try your patience."
76561198047095315,Not Recommended,247730,13889827,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Tesland,"Terrible game by all accounts, it had potential when it started and now is just pure trash."
76561198001654885,Not Recommended,247730,12169619,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Mr._Stkrdknmibalz,CAN I HAVE MY MONEY BACK FOR REAL....THIS GAME SHOULD BE UPLOADED ON A CD AND THEN ITS ONLY USE WOULD BE AS A COASTER FOR MY GREY GOOSE ♥♥♥♥♥!!!
76561198022466199,Not Recommended,247730,17901905,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Mr.Vandal,"As far as I can tell the devs have cut and run. Don't buy this game, at least not until someone starts releasing updates."
,Not Recommended,247730,23493965,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Hurricane Harvey Is A Blessing,"Holy ♥♥♥♥ this game is so bad, Bought this 3 years ago and it's the same garbage."
,Not Recommended,247730,13768225,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,FUCK,"This game is a buggy piece of trash. Sure it look great, but its so decollete. You'll only ever find people at safe zones, and if you do happen to find someone they'll kill you. While you're walking around this waste land you'll sometimes come across monsters and even then you can easily kill them with the starting knife. All in all I can't believe this waste money is on steam."
,Not Recommended,247730,28148445,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Arcbat,"Nether started out as a fun and imaginative survival game with smaller maps and faster gameplay than it's competitors. It quickly devolved into a glithfest, completely abandoned by it's developers. It's not even worth a try these days. A perfect example of the inherent problem with early access."
,Not Recommended,247730,10707752,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Mr. Roboto,"I regret buying this. Can't even join a server. After troubleshooting for over an hour, I give up. ♥♥♥♥ nether, keep your $3."
,Not Recommended,247730,20940731,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,zinnia,ProsEasy start-upFast load-timesConsControl systemCombat systemCrafting systemGraphicsUser Interface
76561198045697941,Not Recommended,247730,10668412,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Xathar Enderlord,"I bought the game 7 months ago as of 11/10/14 I still have not been able to play it. Only a few days ago did the developers even recognize that I bought the game, now it won't log me in because ""I'm not running the steam client"" (which I am.) Seriously, do not buy this game, because I repeat I have had this game for 7 months and am still unable to play it. Unless you get it working in which case, it looks fun. But 7 months and not have the game or get a refund is stupid."
,Not Recommended,247730,20576111,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Ruby,"I saw Markiplier play this game and thought I would try it. All in all I am HIGHLY disappointed with this game. It had a ton going for it but you're told nothing and expected to know everything and survive.Let me start with the Game itself, You're essentially a courrier that is tasked to take packages from Point A to Point B and earn rewards for doing so. Keep in mind, when you first start off, you're only armed with a butcher's knife so if you die you'll be stuck with that as your only weapon. I have no problem with this except for with the fact that the main safe zone is occasionally attacked and vulnerable to monsters who can then spawn in the zone. If this happens you have to fix the Anti Nether machines in the zone to restore it.""What's that? You want to know what the machine looks like?"" The game says as you're suddenly surrounded with only a knife by enemies that will kill you in 4 hits ""♥♥♥♥ if I know, figure it out yourself"" is the last thing the game says before you die and you lose all your collected items. So you're essentially in a situation where you're constantly outmatched against enemies when you first start out.Unless the Devs decide to overhaul everything then I would stay away from this game unless you enjoy getting screwed over constantly or just like an insane challenge."
,Not Recommended,247730,10889561,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,minkang,"For those who thinks that this game is fun,well it's looks fun but not really.You will need to sign up for a acc to play it and it doesn't have a server for this game.This is A piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥Don't waste your money on this game, you will regret that.I can't even know how it's play and how good it's the graphic"
76561198045728690,Not Recommended,247730,20173363,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,PoopyFaceTomatoNose,"I understand this game is still in development, but quite literally your tutorial is garbage. As of now I dont much care for it. wonderful concept, some execution. good luck."
,Not Recommended,247730,12701220,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Tesco Sugar Free Lemonade,"This game is the biggest pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ever I had spent £18.99 on this game back when it first came out, it was the biggest waste of money ever, unless you have down syndrome and or ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I won't recomend this game. 1/10 you could spend the money on sticks and have more fun than this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm telling the truth this game has 4 servers; 2 EU, 2 US. your average life spam is about 4 mins and you spend most of it looking for guns and other♥♥♥♥♥♥which is useless, there isnt anything to do but kill, there isn't really any survival, to enjoy this game to it's fullest is to watch the unistall bar. There is a game called yet another zombie defence which is ten times better than this the developers are the only people to blame the community isn't that bad because their isn't one the only person to blame is my friend Ben(he said it looked good, oh god how he was wrong)If I havn't said enough the game has gone down £10 thats how♥♥♥♥♥♥it is"
,Not Recommended,247730,12717000,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,BDistracted,"I am no stranger to PvP games. I've never been one to enjoy or understand the enjoyment of killing people you have nothing to gain from. I've played plenty of DayZ and Rust and these games wouldn't be the same without PvP in my opinion. But those two games seem to do something that Nether has never done for me. Give me hope. Both of those games are full of dread, am I going to survive my trip to loot things, is someone going to bring a backpack full of C4 and blow my doors in and take everything I've worked so hard to collect? But they offer the chance, that slight beautiful chance that you could possibly survive and thrive in this dark, and terrible place. You do find friends sometimes, who give you a bite to eat when you thought you would die of starvation so you might make it another day.There is none of this in Nether. Nether never offers a ray of hope even for a moment. It is simple devestation, from the game play, to the game's programming. You'll die before you get anything worthwhile, probably 10 times over. And then when you find that shiney new rifle and you think now you'll be able to live a little longer you fall through the road, or get stuck in some random spot that doesn't make any sense at all."
76561198136032950,Not Recommended,247730,11225809,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,KILLERDOGs96,"$14.99? I would not recommend this game if it was free.  Seems to me that the creators only put enough time in to make the game seem appealing.  Once in the game, one experiences what it feels like to wast away hours of their life building up their character and building trust with a tribe, only to have their fellow tribe members turn on them and ""group violate"" them.  This game has turned into a bloodbath where hackers are the rulers."
76561197976854045,Not Recommended,247730,10365455,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,StillnotJay,"Terrible in-game community! This one may as well go the way of Infestation Survivor Stories aka WarZ.Update: I came to check back on this game after a year or so. Turns out its even worse than before! Hackers Rampant everywhere, ie saw 3 people nocliping 10 seconds into the game! I think the devs are trying, but its not showing. Avoid this like the plague!"
,Not Recommended,247730,17414857,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,L33T,"What a trash and fu**** stupid game, I wonder how isn't even closed yet?"
76561197990611704,Not Recommended,247730,14941462,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,leezle3,"Where do I even Begin. Got this game in alpha. Then like magic it went into full release. This game is not finished, The graphicals are not good, you run through objects like they are not there, hackers everywhere,This game is dead, dont buy it. This is just another game attempting to take money for an unfinished product."
,Not Recommended,247730,13662343,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Happy Slender,i got this game a while ago aka when it was good but when i tried to get back to it all the servers where last man standing mode which is something i dont want to do i want the old free roaming surivial i want it better but now eh
,Not Recommended,247730,19103564,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Knee,"Too cutthroat,ever since an update a few months ago, there have been too many nether creatures.They are all relatively easy to kill so long as you dont fight more than three assuming you don't have a gunI afk'd in a safezone for 20 seconds, I came back and I was dead.Died so many times trying to go from one place to another only to run into a shrieker.If shriekers were nerfed, or taken out of the game, or out of non-special events, I'd play the game."
,Not Recommended,247730,14627843,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,killer402402,"When ever i see a bad coment on a game saying ""this is the worst game ever"" i reply NETHER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YOU HAVE NEVER PLAYED NETHER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198065033110,Recommended,247730,9799339,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Bpudgy321,"This game is like dayz but with an ""I am legend"" feel  to it.  Playing while in a clan makes it alittle more challengeing by haveing people work in groups when they r playing solo. This game can give u a good scare if u arent careful. Overall a great game to play with friends."
76561198127685448,Recommended,247730,9658050,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Gay ****** faggot,"Very fun massive multiplayer, great graphics and fantastic survival gameplay"
,Recommended,247730,14484060,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,MaskedHellspawn skinhub.com,"This game kinda is mixed in Pros and Cons for me. Overall the game is fast paced, fun and hilarious when playing with friends as you will scream and cry like a baby if hit from behind. But the games biggest proble is there is almost no way to survive a full night without weapons. Not only the nether you have to wory about, you need to worry about players.Pros:Realistic, creepy scenarioFun to play with friendsLots of different weaponryCons:No way to avoid enemiesPlayers are a huge nuisenceMoney in a post-apocalyptic survival"
,Recommended,247730,14770379,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Swaded,NetherGame StageScoreEarly AccessN/ABetaN/AComplete/Updates7.5/10
,Not Recommended,247730,8159421,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Nice!,"After 20 Minutes of trying to get the game account to sync with steam i gave up. if the game developers are too lazy too fix a bug that stops players from actually playing the game itself i cant imagine how glitchy the actual game would be. there is a glitch/bug which stops steam players from successfully signing in to the games launcher. Worst game i have ever purchased off the steam store.If you feel like you want to buy this game DO NOT buy it through steam, for it is broken at this time being.-Only works for a handful of players.EDIT: i have succesfully got nether up and running yet the game is no different from what was presented to me via the launcher. after entering a game which was some what appeared to be night time i found myself faced with a creature. the creatures AI was incredibly stupid, and felt like it was running circles around me. 30 Minutes into the game where i had no introduction to what i was supposed to do i found myself again confronted with a enemy who was another player, i was killed instantley. so within me spawning and staying close to where i spawned i got killed by a player and respawned elsewhere and got killed by another player.the introduction is horrible, gameplay is dull and bland, AI is very stupid and last but not least activating this game is a b!tch"
76561198132145728,Not Recommended,247730,33685552,Posted: 20 July,all,Leo D. Rose,I did not like this game.
,Recommended,247730,8905741,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Heat,this game is literally aids.
76561198051077474,Not Recommended,247730,20098947,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Smokinstyle,"I've found this game to be pointless and difficult, either you are lucky enough to reach higher lvl and/or get better equipment, or just die by a swarm of mutants in the same minute you spawned.  (hint: the last one happens 10/9)."
,Not Recommended,247730,24428129,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Normaldude TurboTraktor,ffs why wont devs give up god dammit it was  a good game once but now it is the biggest peace of♥♥♥♥♥♥i ever saw in my life give me my money back please
,Recommended,247730,9586864,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,UMR,"Fantastic survival game, it really has a lot of potential on top of what is already there.Also, not as buggy and awful as DayZ!"
,Recommended,247730,19230306,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,XxPvtPiotrxX CSGOSpeed.com,Original Devs are back. This might be the chance for this game to comeback
,Recommended,247730,9320375,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Crouch_Masta,"I really want to see where the developers are planning on taking this, so far it seems like a more fast paced less thinking day-z do not get me wrong I enjoy it thus far and will sink more hours. But I am curious as to why we are paying so much if there will not be more to the game in itself.cons-loot drops are low and difficult to findempty buildings are just thatthe fact that there is so much PKing going on prevents you from working together to ever reactivate the safe zone.pros-great graphics for betafun to play with in a groupinteresting game mechanicsleveling system adds some diversity other ""post-apocalpyse"" genres are lacking right now in this apparent mmo slugfest."
,Recommended,247730,14229346,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Kizz Whalifa,"Unless you dont have friends to play it with, its not half as fun, but its time-consumingly fun."
,Recommended,247730,10097106,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Nayelise,An amazing game even with the occasional bug or glitch. 10/10
76561198042693368,Not Recommended,247730,8393257,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,SauceySince'69,You need x64-bit operating system which makes it impossible for me to play without paying for a new operating system and the hard work of backing up my computer and then doing a system restore.  Where is the refund button?
76561198079433278,Recommended,247730,9748920,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Views,very fun lots of pvp and looting
,Not Recommended,247730,15853116,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,S4R1N,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEAs the other review have said, the devs have abandoned the game and have no obligation to finish it.  They're taking your money and using it for their own projects.DO  NOT   BUY!"
76561197987688895,Not Recommended,247730,34400786,Posted: 21 August,all,bushez,this game is died remove it from steam
76561198073008293,Recommended,247730,18752963,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Cancer,"The game is finally being taken care of. Right now its down and only open to singleplayer gameplay from players who already have it (I think). This game is very awesome. Love the AI, the graphics, weapons, etc. But the devs renamed it and are trying to get multiplayer up, and when they do it will be released to the public for some more old fashion fun again."
76561198077802765,Recommended,247730,9265074,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,RatmanMcDoodles,"If Your going to buy this game, be ready to have a heart rate of 100,000! Playing on a crowded server can be very dangerous. Though it is hard to say wihch is a bigger threat, the Teleportang-sound-attracted-Nether, or The Humans Killing the Teleporting-sound-attracted-Nether. The first time I was ever killed by another player, I had already teamed up with another player, and we were going for a loot drop zone (which was suicidal but we were a bit greedy at the time). When we arrived I spotted someone and we hid for almost 20 minutes. Then we went out into the fog, which we crouched in for no more than 2 seconds, when suddenly, out of no where, my friend in front of me is shot and killed. Somewhere out there was a man with a Sniper, I had no idea where though! So I ran for cover and went prone only to have bullets shot inches in front of my face, I could even see dust fly up where the bullets had gone into the dirt. Sadly, I panicked ( HEART RATE 100,00!!!) I got up and RAN! But was shot and killed.TIPS!!!:Remain alert!!! Shoot first, ask questions later! More fun with friends. Listening skills are key! as is vision. It helps to wear headphones for ""surround sound"". Make Friends when possible!. STEALTH!!! This is a GREAT game, I can't wait to see it released complete. I have a feeling that this game will bring honorable memories in the near future."
,Recommended,247730,10757104,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,riZ^,"Lets cut to the chase here, I read so many reviews from people who eithera) Haven't played the gameb) Played it and seen approximately 5% of the contentc) Have played it with a opinion already made up before first impressions.Note: I do like the attention Nether is receiving and think it is great people are contributing to the community wether it's miscronstrude or otherwise.So I have decided to drop my own review to give people a neutral view on the title.From the get-go yes, it DOES have a lot of bugs. This can not be denied on any level. Many of these bugs will irritate you and sometimes hamper a game experience for a fair amount. But what you have to realise is this game IS NOT a finished product. It's released as a premium game (no longer alpha/beta on steam) because if i recall (95% sure) due to legal / development restrictions, and changes the devs wished to make in the near future.~~ Pro's: ~~One of the only survival games on the market I know which still becomes a challenge when in a group of 3-5 players. This is a very rare achievement of any survival game. Take a second to think of the titles you know, and i'll bet there will only be maybe 1/2 others.Open world but not to the point you spend 3-4 hours grouping up with your friends. You can pretty much enjoy the experience from the word go. (Has a map system etc for quick location)Currently the game is receiving a lot of attention from the devs (i.e. VAC support, Map extention - twice its original size, playable Nethers, Tribe system, Territory control, Tribe reputation system and A Crafting system All added I believe within a year)  -  forgive me if my timeframe is a touch out.RPG elements. You have a character level, and an account level. as you go through your time in the game performing certain tasks or doing particular actions will award you with EXP (also selling items) this EXP will go towards your account level and character level. Long story short, if you die your character level goes back to 0 (max 31) but your account level will remain. Now at first it seems ""oh right if you have max account level I have no hope of survival"" however this is not the case, the bonuses are noticable but not game changing. Which surprises me greatly as having this system and trying to keep an equilibrium of balance amount new and old players, isn't an easy task.Freedom to play how you like. Now for me this is a must have for any Survival game or multiplayer game, to let the players dictate their own style of how THEY want to play the game. If you want to sneak around the wasteland and hunt players? particular tribes? wage a war? that's your call. Or wether you want to try help people or just amass a crazy amount of firepower? play it pretty much strictly PVE. Go ahead.~~ Cons: ~~As previously mentioned, yes it is buggy. The vehicles added (now I believe only available from one location) are pretty much unplayable and I have to say now I never see feature (driven around) which is a shame, but I can bet my bottom dollar this will change.Hacking, this can become an issue, but hell. It's an onlineFPS game. with 10years of Counter-strike behind me through its many stages and with what you have played, this will always be an issue (since the VAC update, the amount of hackers I see is very few thankfully)In game currency. Now this is a really touchy topic, in game currency does not hinder my experience in any way. I only put it down as a con because quite simply, I dont agree with it as I am sure many others also do not approve. But it is strictly put in place for cosmetic things (i.e. some outfits, masks etc.) in no way does it give me an advantage over the next average Joe in the Wasteland. (also to note I would say 80% of whats buyable via the in game currency, is also available via the free in game money system)That pretty much sums up the most important things i'd say you may need to know. To summarise for those who want to play an FPS survival game, very atmospheric, and doesn't lose substance despite playing as solo or in a group, which is easy pick up and play with a nice implementation of RPG elements. Then I recommend you give it a shot.But as before, if you buy this title expecting an already done finished and polished product, then you've come here to early.Otherwise I look forward to seeing you in the wasteland :)"
76561198113050829,Recommended,247730,9322222,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,cormicko,"What an addictive game. You'll span in not knowing what to do. Then you run into your first zombie. Its most likely to be a crawler, you'll kill him and lose a big cunk of healt too. Now you go to a safezone and see the shiny boxs 'deliver to LSZ for cash', you probaly wont deliver the first one but eventually you will get one dellivered and invest in a better blade. Now your hooked, you want more. Just remeber everyone wants you dead. P.S. Remember to scavenge for things and don't get the beackon unless you're ready for that death trap and you can chat with other people by hitting enter."
,Not Recommended,247730,12267785,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Kristian,I'd have more fun hanging myself than playing any more of this game
,Recommended,247730,9143457,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Luciferi,This game has effectively become the only game I play as of recent. It has all but eaten what little of my soul remains.  Nether holds a special place in my heart among my favorite games and if you truly want to immerse yourself; Play Nether.
76561197976599923,Not Recommended,247730,7874491,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Tris! :D,"To be honest, I'm not entirely sure how I feel.On one hand, it's exactly as promised. An open, large, urban landscape with items to scavenge for and monsters to be wary of. And not to mention, other players to watch out for.And on the other hand, the other players are absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Unlike DayZ, the people who play Nether tend to be more childish and instead of Bartering deals and murdering only for the sake of safety, they kill to just kill anything they see. It becomes harder for new players or new characters to get settled into things.Another issue is the looting. The items are not found in drawers, beneath tables or any sort of hiding spots. They're floating above ground and illuminated by God's light. Now, yes that makes it easier to find, but that then means they have designated spawn points rather than truly being scavenged items.All in all, rather than a survival MMO, this basicaly has the feel of a large world Unreal Tournament death match game. You run, pick up items, find money, buy weapons, and kill other players. You do this for the entirety of the game with lack of true Survivalism.Either I only had this experience because I've played mostly by myself, or this truly is how the game is run.Disappointing, 4/10."
,Not Recommended,247730,15869050,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Old Yeller,"Out of the 100+ games I own, this is the one I would like to have my money back for. This was a genuine con-job. The devs should be banned and prohibited from selling any other products. Lesson learned, NEVER EVER support early access again."
,Recommended,247730,9072900,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,MrJ0K3RZ <l4 team>,I SPAWNED IN AND DIED10/10
,Recommended,247730,9537653,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Black Sp00n[Kryptex],Package Run Simulator 2014
76561197979651086,Not Recommended,247730,10399968,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Bowling Ball Bag Bob,"this game sucks, no missions, bad interface, no chat, no teamwork, no clear direction, bad tutorial, no way to figure out exactly how to play or what to do, and bad controls, such a waste of time and money...."
76561198029076482,Recommended,247730,10414253,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Space Lettuce,"I just got the game after the tribes release, and I like the game a lot, and it has a lot of potential. That said, it is still in Beta HARDCORE. They should be ashamed of theirselves for saying this game is a ""full release"". I do hope they continue to work hard on the game, and if they do, it should turn out to be quit a great game. Despite the bugs and lack of adequate content, it is still quite fun and you may find yourself getting lost in the game for hours."
76561198096394425,Recommended,247730,10739500,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,น้องเอ,44นาทีแรก บุหรี่1ซอง มันฝรั่ง1ถุง ชะแลง1อัน เเล้วก็ตายด้วยอะไรซักอย่างที่มองไม่เห็น lol
,Not Recommended,247730,10731539,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Biggest Bloke in London,"I would be able to give a fairly balanced review if I could log into the game. I am currently experiencing a bug in linking Mber to Steam. Do not buy this game yet.Once this bug has been fixed, I'll hopefully be able to recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,247730,10758440,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,5ive 7even STREAMLINE,Worthless ♥♥♥♥ing game. DOES NOT EVEN WORK.
,Recommended,247730,9237526,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Captain Mushroombeard,"Good beta at the moment, very stealthy, can't trust anyone, needs some minor adjustmets but will be fantastisc once it's really finished"
76561197983877603,Not Recommended,247730,10729392,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Recal,Waste of money
,Not Recommended,247730,10784564,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ATF_Fox3475,"This is an aweful game. Nothing works, absolutely nothing.First issue: When you first start up the game and get to the server list it freezes for a good 5 minutes +Second: When you spawn in for the first time you just spawn as an observing, floating camera, with no prompt as of what to hit to get to a menu, and no it's not the usual 'ESC', I had to hold the enter key.Third: All that starting cashing you're supposed to have and other items when you get the chosen package isn't in your inventory, you start off with a kitchen knife and no direction, no tutorial, nothing.I can't even see how this is considered a product. This is♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's not even Alpha stage, it's like a bunch amteurs got into an Arma map builder and made something in an afternoon after heavey morning drinking. I'm happy I got it on sale so I don't feel too screwed. Steam shouldn't allow these morons to sell anything and the game needs to be removed from the Steam store until they have something that is actually working and an actual game. This is pathetic."
76561198060233086,Not Recommended,247730,10754288,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,emilianogiugliano,"I paid this game 2,79 euros and I'm persuaded it was wasted money. I should have asked my self some questions when I bought it at such a low price.Anyway. Don't let them ♥♥♥♥ you with the 80% less deal, this game really sucks. And it's a shame, because it had a great potential. Co-op survival sci-fy open world game? Damn, it seemd like all my wishes where being delivered all wrapped up in a nice ribbon. But the game shows it's colours frome the very beginning. You start with a couple of ""tutorial"" mission to get some♥♥♥♥♥♥crafted. Then you get totally lost cause there is nothing explaining you what the ♥♥♥♥ to do. Then you figure out that maybe it would be a good idea to go out your safe zone, start killing something, start looting♥♥♥♥♥♥and tryin to get the game ♥♥♥♥ing started.Cool. I was playing with my brother, and we where preatty excited about this game. We got lost preatty soon with no ♥♥♥♥ing clue about what to do next and decided to go out the safe zone. There was a big ♥♥♥♥er and some players trying to beat the crap out of him. Even cooler. So we join up and deliver a few blows to the monster. It dies, and we share the loot among the survivors. Hell, I thought, this is amazing. And then my brother gets killed by one of those survivors. I mean, he killed him while another of those monters was attacking us. And then we all started to fight each other while fighting the Nether. How ♥♥♥♥ing stupid is that?I survived many monsters attacks. I killed some. I was always killed by human players, and for what? A kitchen knife and an empty backpack? When we are surrounded by invading teleporting monsters from beyond? Why in the name of God!Furthermore the game is laggy, servers crash as hell, it needs years to charge the server list, fighting a shooting are not smooth at all. All considered it appears like an unfinished game. Like they didn't know where they wanted it to go.There is no story at all, no cut scenes, no introduction, no tutorial. The surviving aspects is limited to avoiding as much as possible other human players since there is no way they are going to cooperate. Why should they when they can just kill you and end up with a kitchen knife? Right? ♥♥♥♥ the world invasion. I'm happy with my collection of kitchen knives.An open world environment crowded with vicious monters where is so difficult to find a ♥♥♥♥ing gun? Because you loose the one you can craft at the beginning and then you won't be able to craft that♥♥♥♥♥♥again.It's just a confused, frustrating game which lost is purpose, with a nice atmosphere but nothing more.Do not buy this game."
76561198113648491,Recommended,247730,10995688,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Haribo (HUN),"I think it's a great game. Yeah probably has a lot to develop, but i really like the atmosphere. The skill tree, the guns, the events, everything is really make it complex. Some of my friends get bored easily, but not me. If you like survivor games, I think you can pay this prize for an early acces game. It will be better with every new version."
,Recommended,247730,10721791,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Orange Peele,"Wandered around for about 20 minutes, found some stale doritos and ate them immediately.  As I munched, I heard a thunderous roar outside of the gas station where I sought refuge.  A man was being beaten to death by a hulking purple monster. ""Should I help him?"" I wondered to myself.  But, I was too late already, the man was demolished in mere seconds, and the beast walked away.  I looted his bag he left on the ground and found myself some nether skulls.  Traded them for a pistol at the local cult store and went on a hunting spree.  After killing about 6 nether creatures, i took pause to eat an energy bar.  Bullets rained down from above me.  next thing I knew, I was down to only a quarter of my health.  I saw my attacker, but I only had 1 bullet left.  I snuck through the bushes to get a better shot and BAM!... I missed!  He however saw where I shot at him from and returned fire, clipping me as I ran.  He chased me down several city blocks, that is until I finally lost him.  My luck then turned and I found a medkit and some bandages along with more food.  I stopped off in a nice little apartment building and observed the sun setting outside.  *STOMP STOMP CRASSSSHHH!!!*  A hulking nether appeared behind me, and I ran down the stairs as fast as I could.  I could see the safe zone just down the road!  and who should show up but the man who had shot me before.  A swift dose of lead to my skull cap ended me right then and there.  I guess no matter how many times you cheat death, It catches us all in the end.Overall point: Nether can be and is a great game.  I bought it for $2.99 and love it.  May not be worth $15 however.  But as a side note, I have over 100 Hrs. on DayZ standalone, and this game is still quite unique and fun in its own way.  8/10"
,Not Recommended,247730,10737926,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Antonio Benichi,"Dont get this game, it is a waste of money unless you have a large group of friends willing to get it as well.This game is extremely bad. From dying almost ALL THE TIME, to losing all items AND SKILLS on death. The performance was also incredibly bad, with a framerate so low it made me cringe. I had to play around with the settings to get the game to a state were it could even run, and I have a very good computer I built myself! The game also lacks many resolutions including the one for my monitor (1680x1050). The game also freezes on start so I would suggest getting a large bowl of popcorn and watching a movie, then return to your game to see if it will work. You will find yourself dying 90% of the time, and losing everything you worked for. No exceptions. The tutorial situation was horrible, as Nethers breached the stronghold and killed me before I could finish it. Everything in this game teleports. EVERYTHING. I am surprised players are not teleporting. Every Nether takes down a lot of health, which is why I recommend getting friends to play if you do. The controls are bad and melee is delayed. I could not find any useful weapons. All you find is pieces. I am definetly NOT playing this game again in its current state, and I have no intention to come back to this game. Although I paid only ~$2.00 USD, I still consider this to be the biggest waste of money I have ever had the misfortune of comitting. The game is unplayable in its current state, and I would recommend waiting a year or so before buying it - IF u buy it - becuase by then they may have fixed the issues with this game. It was a good concept, but poorly executed. If you want a good game that is cheaper than this, pick up Garry's Mod and have a blast."
76561198019366608,Recommended,247730,10859007,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Gray_Paladin,"Well, it's been a week since my first review, and I must admit the complexion of the game has already changed. Human beings being what we are, the rush of players from Steam has now turned the game even more deadly, and with the developers' parallel commitment to increase the number and deadliness of the Nether, there isn't anything to do except put on a couple pieces of bread and become someone's sandwich.It is disappointing: I was learning techniques, enjoying the map and the systems, starting to stockpile some goods... Now, I have been killed so many times -- first my high level chars and then unable even to get launched again -- that I will abandon Nether until there is a general exodus from the game because it near unplayability unless you have friends in a death squad.I guess I don't understand a mentality that is just focused on♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and pillaging everyone in sight. The developers also need to keep playing this game themselves -- or better -- to watch some player teams and see what the experiences of players are. I'm not a noob. I've got over 20 hours in the game, have watched  dozen hours of video, and have long gaming experience. But, trying to level is now like swimming with a million dumb carnivorous fish that hunt in packs of 2 or 3. I hate to lose a good game because of a stupid gaming community. It happened in Guild Wars, and it rules in Nether.*** Previously Written About This Game Before It was Screwed ***I've just finished my 10th hour and I've discovered what this experience can be. Boy, what a trainer on survival this is! I just had a run of 3 hours without dying and am currently an official BA until something kills me later. Staying well fed via convenience stores and gas stations, and avoiding Nether critters every time I see their smoke. I avoid safe zones when they are under siege as if they were The Plague--they instantly becomes hives for monsters and marauding players. I've learned that this game is a blast when you start to ""get it"" and your pockets are full of gun parts, and you come out of a functioning safe zone well heeled. At its worst, the game is simultaneously frustrating and addictive, a bad combination, sorta like a sexy girlfriend with personality disorder. Death can come continually. When the safe zones fail, which they do too often (check my screen shots)  and suddenly you turn into burger. You learn that most players in an unsafe safe zonekill anyone they catch. Then again, you may also have a hoard of Nether invading through the same gate you're leaving through. At that moment, kiss your grits goodbye: You're toast...even if you've been magical enough for two hours to have a shotgun. But, if you can learn, you may eventually get some success in courier runs, manage to stay alive for a while, and your levels and goodies start to stack up -- never forgetting you can still die in a heartbeat. Then, you feel glad about what you managed to accomplish this time ... but, dang, when you buy it because of one skilled PvP bandit or a pack of leapers, there go all the plans you had. Simple truth is, I'm writing this end of June 2014, and the devs have some more work to do. If life were as fast and deadly as Nether, there'd be no people left. There's some terrible clipping stuff, and a brutal learning curve. You'll have to google for the chat and voice keys -- for some reason, they don't show up as controls. Plus, if you end up West of the streets, the open spaces are almost pointless at this time -- neat buildings with nothing in them. But, with all these negatives, I can't quit playing and the environment is beautifully done. It's an intense, driven experience, with a simple RPG system that's fun, and an interesting little economy. But, you may quit to play something less likely to provoke you into running over pedestrians or kicking your dog when you're finished. Good luck!PS -- By the time I had 15 hours in, I was able to play another 4-hour stint without dying and was level 32. But, let me tell you how savage the PvP is here: One player sent me a tribe invite, and two members of that tribe immediately began using my newly displayed map position to converge on me! Wow! I dropped the group as soon as I saw them converging on me and they chased me for blocks. What a chase! As I said, this game is a trainer in survival, and you will learn to run / crouch, run / crouch. Have fun, if you've got the heart!"
,Recommended,247730,10783946,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,LONG DICK DONNY,GREAT GAME GRAB IT WHILE ITS ON SALE!!!!!!!!!!!! If you like DayZ but cant stand putting hours into the game just to get a gun without ammo? This game is so much easier to play on the short term. Even if you do enjoy DayZ (which I do VERY much) I urge you to grab this game it has very similar mechanics. I absolutley love this game. So far it has been extremely exciting and nerve racking at every point.
,Not Recommended,247730,12037813,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Wolfram89,HiI have 130 Hours played on this game but i have stopped playing it because it is broken. The servers are full of Hackers and the servers have a lot of issues. I can live with some server issues but all the Hackers have destroyed this game for me.
76561198119664775,Recommended,247730,10115350,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,ryman929,its a really good game if u like survival and pvp i do recomend this game
,Not Recommended,247730,10724814,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,𝓵𝓮𝓸 𝓹𝓱,"This is a perfect example why Steam needs better quality control.Bought for two dollars,and the  game still reamins garbage.There is no options menu to change your settings, the server menu takes a good five minutes to load, and when you get on a server it takes another five minutes for you to spawn. On top of that the game runs like a slideshow.It's just terrible all around."
76561197970808280,Not Recommended,247730,10341044,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,gbd2802,"No; Don't buy this game , I did & I can't log in  to play. You need to setup login name & password; easy right. No not with these guys, I emailed them twice time I recieved the samo info, which I tried to do without success. The game looks great but you have to log & play. I would like to get my money back. Just mhewbe buyin!"
76561198032233140,Not Recommended,247730,10743286,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Quest Item,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! There is literally no main menu screen and when you start up the game the only options are to join a server. When you do join a server, you are dropped into a spectator mode with no instructions on what to do to begin playing. You cannot even quit out of the game without using task manager because there is no menu when you press ESC in game."
76561197970301795,Not Recommended,247730,11120847,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,hurraylifesucks,"WOW! They released the ""final version"" of this game? I honestly thought this still had about a year before the final , at LEAST 6 months before entering into BETA let alone releasing this half, no, quarter finished game from Alpha. Guess they figured it'd be an easy way to get a cash infusion by saying it's officially released since most of the early player base is gone due to the massive amount of open hacking and lack of generally anything to do. Seems mainly like a moneygrab while they can. I'd like to note this review wouldn't be so scathing if they had actually kept it in alpha and finished the game.During the beta, they put in this GIANT map alluding to the final version having a large map. Nope, they took a city block, stretched it out over a huge empty ""wasteland"" and had a handy excuse to not put jack in while saying they expanded the map. I'd like to say I was exagerrating about this but it's pretty literal.Here's a rundown of the features:EXPLORERun around through the same buildings for block after block until you remember which ones actually have anything in them. Then farm loot spots/get killed by a hacker while trying.TRIBES AND TERRITORY WARSDo you like sitting in an empty building for fifteen minutes at a time to capture some arbitrary landmark with no real bonuses for your time? This is the feature for youPLAYER AND GROUP MISSIONSI suppose if you actually found someone not hacking or killing you on site traveling in the same general direction, you could consider the ""missions"" as group. Here's an all inclusive list of the myriad of missions available for completion!-Repeat the same fetch quest over and over and over again carrying a brown box from one safe zone to another! Sometimes to DIFFERENT safe zones!-Group up (wait that doesn't actually happen) to take down the nether surge! What's a nether surge you ask? Why, a group of nether out in the world trying to kill you. Is it a larger or more difficult group or really any different than the regular creatures that would spawn there? If you count a marker being added to your map that may or may not be near the creatures, it's different!- Kill a reaper for some reason! For only a short fifteen minute run from where you probably are, you can waste a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of ammo on the reaper that spawns in the same field all the time and gives you almost nothing in return-Many mo..Wait that's it.CHARACTER CUSTOMIZATIONCustomize your character using gold that you must purchase either with real money or hours of farming to get a key for a random loot spot that will generally give you some sort of mask!This game LOOKED promising several months ago, with lots of big plans written up. Apparently they decided to turn it into a cash grab. Save your money for one of the other titles currently in development such as The Forest, H1Z1, Rust, DayZ Standalone, etc, etc."
,Recommended,247730,10070714,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,[PMD]Daniel93a,"The reviews of this game need to be taken with a grain of salt - the developers add huge loads of content every few weeks. I remember, as I started playing last year, we only had the options of looting and doing package runs, so walking from one outpost to another. Since then, we got a map two times as big to control, tribes (think of factions in WoW) to join and fight for, a new looting system, escort missions, permanent account levels and many more options to trade. After 220 hours, it never gets boring, because the whole game gets overhauled every few weeks and new stuff gets added. I would fully recommend this game, even if it would be just for the content to come. At this state, we got a few nasty clipping bugs (and I can't use my flashlight for the last 2 months) but it gets better every update :)"
,Recommended,247730,10986640,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Mr. Meeseeks,Live. Die. Repeat.
,Recommended,247730,10915186,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,The Senate,"I love this game. Many people compare Nether to DayZ. In my opinion DayZ pales in comparison to Nether which is far more action packed and has way better graphics and enemies. The map in Nether is great and you are never bored, unlike in DayZ where you spend hours on end running around only to be sniped from above. Now Nether does have Safezones and it doesn't take long to find a weapon or food, making it easier than DayZ or Rust. If you are new to the survival genre or think DayZ takes too long or is too hard, I highly recommend this game."
76561197967451608,Not Recommended,247730,8804500,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,WeeZy,"This game is not finished obviously and after buying it, I have to say WAIT! As of 1/21/14 There is just so little to do it's stupid, unless you group up with some friends and become the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who camp out killing all the new players trying to make it back to a safe camp to actually complete a ""mission."" There are some missions like ""take a package to this town"" and ""defend the fort"" but the latter becomes practically impossible as you will just be killed by fellow players while you are actually trying to do something that requires a monicom of teamwork."
,Recommended,247730,10808483,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Baby (B A B Y),"I really like this game it was a bit Addicted when I first played it, once I closed it I noticed I'd played 8hrs straight."
,Not Recommended,247730,10751777,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,gotcha,The Loginscreen is the real endgame. 10/10 would try to login again.
,Recommended,247730,10791950,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,TarKist,This game is perfect for people that thought DayZ and Rust were just too high in quality.How the frick is this out of Early Access when it plays like an early beta?
,Not Recommended,247730,10781330,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Mary Busey,"I purchased the game during the Summer Sale since it was no longer marked Early Access. Beware, this is almost certainly still in a testing phase.My first launch was alright, and I wandered the wasteland until promptly being killed by another player. No big deal, I play DayZ as well. People are always ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. But then I selected the option that wasn't ""Change Character"" which promptly removed all menu options and controls. I had to exit with CTRL-ALT-DELETE. All further attempts to play the game have ended in failure. I can no longer get past the menu screen.A couple of friends bought it with me, one of them couldn't get past the menu screen, and the other was able to get past server select after it eventually started responding again. This took roughly 2 minutes.Another minor annoyance: When making an account it will say ""Login name already in use"" or something to that effect. What it really means is ""Display name already taken"". Misleading, and very annoying."
,Not Recommended,247730,10740888,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Hi im Gadem,"when i launch the game the server list is frozen until i alt tab out and back into the game, and then when i got in a server i was in spectator mode for a few seconds before the game froze. i guess i just wasted 5 bucks"
,Not Recommended,247730,10806923,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,spidu,"Absolutely terrible. Even after all the possibly fixable server & stability errors the game itself is infested with overpowered shills camping near the safe areas. I can count the list of things that actually work in this game with one hand. Hitboxes, UI and stability do NOT belong to that list.Somewhat overused concept and poor execution of it.If you like waiting, walking, dying, overused ideas and buggy interfaces, pick one of the other post-apocalyptic games available.Do not make the mistake of purchasing this game like I did."
,Not Recommended,247730,10718674,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,watchmanT,"I just bought this game today (6/23/14) and it will not even let me create an account. I have spent 40 minutes trying to figure out a ""Unique login name and display name"" but nothing is working. Do not buy!"
,Not Recommended,247730,23603015,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,suedeyoung,"They gave up on this a long long time ago last year, I can't even get into a game and have been unable to log into the system after many days trying to with friends."
,Recommended,247730,10926368,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Tobivankanovi,"The game is totaly worth buying , even though it may be buggy im looking forward to the day where it wont be ."
76561198065666091,Recommended,247730,10794501,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Jake,Everytime I try to start game it shuts my main monitor off. 1/10
,Recommended,247730,10397833,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Static,"I see all these thumbs down and read players having a bad experience and then venting on the reviews section or is addressing hackers and engine bugs. If your dumb enough to run into a safezone will loot without scouting or covering your back you deserve to die. I have yet to crash from an engine error and had no issues connecting my steam account to my nether account. As for features, guess what? THEY WORK! This game has a grouping and faction system so you can find your friends with ease. Hang gliding is awesome and you can find dirk bikes to drive (yes omg a vehicle in a survival game jaw dropping). I have not died from a stupid bug or glitch like fall damage or walking through wall's zombies. The games graphics are very well done. As of now the games eating/drinking mechanics are very basic, you eat you drink your happy. Player/Account skill don't seem to be to overpowered at the moment in PvP, but are very handy in PvE. A couple of issues I have had are being able to walk though some object, maping for walking around is a bit buggy in some places, and some gun noises dont seem to work when swapping. Yes I have been ganked from just outside of the safezones, but since then I have learned and have yet to die from the same means. Nothing seems to be completely game breaking like a few other games of its type *cough cough*.If you can't handle the harsh environment of a survival realism game or can't adapt to its play style maybe you should stay in the safezone. These games try to be as real as possible but you people still have to relize its a GAME it has to be fun, if its real to the point where its just like an apocalypse im sure no one would have very much fun. Oh and there is a global inventory which I don't quite understand why one else has something similar yet. Once again games are meant to be fun and I highly recommend this game at the moment compaired to the other games."
76561197961085716,Not Recommended,247730,10758460,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,LiquidSuvy,"Ever wondered why a game that came out in 2014 would get a 80% discount on summer sale? Well it's simple, it's because it's not working"
,Not Recommended,247730,10735343,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Wind,"Not worth buying, even with -80% discount. Game is laggy and bugged. You encounter problems from the moment you're trying to create account. After 20 minutes of wasted time on account management, we're stuck on main menu screen waiting at least 5 minutes for servers to refresh >.< (doing anything during that time may cause the game to crash, just go make some tea or smth). TBH game looks more alfa than beta build. STAY AWAY!"
76561198093224675,Recommended,247730,10771314,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Grim!,"Good looking game, lovely views of the city.. bit glitchy in places.. server screen needs sorting out but overall a nice game to play and not everyone is the enemy in this game which is nice."
76561198088658219,Not Recommended,247730,11593015,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Htheman,"I got Nether before what I believe was the height of its beta stage. At that point there were consistently 900+ players in game through Steam. I had agonized over the choice to buy it. I had heard of how players were constantly disappointed in Indie early access games that were never finished, etc. However a Steam sale came along and I and a few friends added it to our inventories. My computer isn’t the best so it was laggy, but still playable. I enjoyed running around, finding loot, dodging players, even working with some. Then came more updates. By the end of the beta I feel that Nether hit rock bottom. It was losing players by the week and many of their updates were turning into fixes and unnecessary content. Then they announced that they were moving out of beta into the official stage.I was surprised by this move.Now recently I have learned that the original developers have returned after the torch was passed to someone else. I didn't realize that the development tea had even changed, but I'm glad to see the old developers back. I will not be changing my thumbs down just yet though. I need some time to explore the reboot. However I am more hopeful that this game may become something great. For now, keep an eye on this one, but hold off buying unless you're sure you want to take the risk."
76561198050708142,Recommended,247730,10720502,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Mr Rosenberg #yeeet,has good potential and narce graphics . but i have yet to play the ressurected version so dont put weight on this review.
,Not Recommended,247730,10799999,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,HetPåGröten,"Do not buy this game, it is not working at all! Menu freezes, problems to link steam account. My friends are having the same problems. Bugs and glitches everywhere. My PC is not the problem, I7, gtx 700 series and 16gb RAM. Thank god that i bought this on summer sales for less than 3 euros, didn't lose too much money."
76561198071837043,Not Recommended,247730,11596812,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,RAMROD,Was awsome went to crap got ok then got worse then got pretty good again and now its just complete garbage and just seems to keep going downhill and i personaly can no longer see this game having a future a awsome idea thats just going bad was 8/10 now 0/10 would never recomend
,Recommended,247730,8989105,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Counter Strike: Global Offensive,"Nether is the BEST game I have played in a very long time. The game is abosolutely great. There are it's good things and bad things, but every game has that. I will get into detail.I love survival horror games, and this is my favorite game of all. The map in INCREDIBLE for this type of game. It's a big open city that has been apsolutely trashed and demolished like it would be in real life. The map is small right now, but it is in early access so I'm certain they will expand the size in the near future.The RPG features are pretty sweet. You can level up your character in 6 different skills at the moment. There may be more levels and skills to be added later on but at the moment there is Melee, Guns, Stamina, Surival, Stealth, and Strength skills. I have not yet been able to level all of them up completely as I end up dying when I'm near level 14. The whole RPG style is great, I can't wait to see what they add later on.Also, I LOVE how people can't mass murder other players in this game. Well, they can but if they do there is consequences. Everytime someone kills another player, there is a blood meter that pops up in the bottom right corner and tells how many people you have killed. The higher the number, the more creatures and stuff can ""smell"" you and come after you. So, if you are a mass murderer in video games, I'm sorry to tell you this.I highly recommend getting this game. I rate this game an honest 10/10.  Pros and Cons belowPROS:Perfect MapNot as much Mass MurderingGreat RPG SystemPretty big mapScary creaturesAwesome ways to make moneySafe ZonesCONS:The global inventory doesn't have much space in it, I think it has only 20 slots. Seems like a lot until you get in game. (EDIT: THEY FIXED THIS)Anyways, thanks for reading my review, please get the game, you won't be disappointed!"
76561198051905314,Recommended,247730,9672711,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Brock Lesnar,prob wont work
,Recommended,247730,8923819,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Tiny Rick,this game is the best game i have played in along time a strongly recommend it to anyone!!!!
,Not Recommended,247730,21669888,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Squishy,schizophrenic mailman simulator
,Not Recommended,247730,10731841,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Nospacesrock,"Being as respectful as I can, this game is a mess. It took me 45 mins to get the game to work and even once I did it became apparent that this game needs a lot of work. I cannot recommend that anybody play it - look for alternatives instead. If you are still on the line, do extensive research before purchasing to avoid frustation and disappointment."
,Not Recommended,247730,22076370,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Marv Merchants,"The game is not optimized and looks like it won't be getting anymore patches either, this is taken straight from a post by the devs.""Hey everyone! We've been seeing a lot of questions about a Nether update.While it's likely not a popular answer, we don't have anything to announce at this time. Nether: Resurrected introduced Single Player and User Hosted Servers, so the game will never die! So, don't worry about the title ever going away! Nether on!Be sure to check here for the latest. We will make sure you're the first ones to know when we have more info. Thanks!""They apparently think the game is good to go and the title will never die! Please do not buy this broken garbage."
,Not Recommended,247730,16273958,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Our Lord and Saviour KEK,This game makes Day Z Standalone look like a master piece. Completly unplayable and unmaintained game. Spending money on watching paint dry would be more entertaining than this game...
76561198009318438,Not Recommended,247730,12216201,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,WETWORKS,I have never been able to play this game.. It seems to tell me to set up an account then it freezes... I dont think I will be taking the time to figure this out.. Ive spent over an hour looking for answers and nothing... Sorry Nether but thats exactly where Im going to put you... ctrl+alt+del=Nether
,Not Recommended,247730,12518693,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Sleepdead,No.
,Not Recommended,247730,12646781,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,FFhqwhgadSS [no eyes],UNPLAYABLE.
,Recommended,247730,9396519,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Username,My nether.exe has stopped working can somebody help me
76561197991285758,Recommended,247730,8615275,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Mleewee7,hard at the beginning but BEST SURVIVOL MMO I EVER PLAYEDonce u know the game and understand it well u will love this game for ever
76561197978173539,Not Recommended,247730,9210577,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Lumpy,"I'd love to be able to write a review for the game. All I can review now is the account creation process, which I cannot get past to play actual game itself. If you like games that require another account and filling out forms and then guessing which field is causing the red banner around the account creation status then Nether is for you. Also the privacy policy was a great read, especially the part about delivery of targeted advertising."
76561198080746707,Not Recommended,247730,9208970,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,matthewman,"I bought nether like 4 days ago, made an account on their webpage to sync my steam account with it, and the game still hasn't shown up in my purchase history. WOULD NOT buy. Worst $20 I have every spent its a frikken rip off."
,Not Recommended,247730,9210365,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,ShadowReaver,Boy meets shrieker. Shrieker aggros entire world map. Boy wonders why he bothered.Full review
,Not Recommended,247730,10783573,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,BlueBear,DONT GET IT IT IS CURRENTLY EXTREMLY BROKEN!
,Recommended,247730,9903771,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,...ChalK...,"i cant even play this game, need to like my steam account and its already linked?the ♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,247730,10881125,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Evil_Wafflez,"sure if there is people that are better than you and try to kill you, but on the other hand there are low population servers. But if you like Dayz You'll like this"
76561198000446429,Recommended,247730,10983774,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Solid,This game is boss swag 420 yolostyle sweedo.
76561198064835356,Not Recommended,247730,10746421,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,✩✩★KimBo.HaLo★✩✩,NO! $2.99 for spectating the game? wat a joke
,Recommended,247730,10979312,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,gavski85,awsome
,Recommended,247730,10821833,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,xd skinhub.com,hnm
,Not Recommended,247730,11239172,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Daemon,It was fun for abit then I watched their updates hey lets drop 45% of the players cash on death when we can't even fix bugs that can kill you for no apparent reason or remove hackers.
,Not Recommended,247730,10774574,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Douche Bill,"Hello, for those who love DayZ, and other survival games, this is the game for you! Aswell with DayZ, you will be slaughtered by teamates, and die by the zombies that no one seems can fix. But as for Nether, its as if they programmed it using a module from 2001. I mean the backspace doesnt even work when trying to make an account. How can you miss that!!! Thats even built into the calcualtor in the accessories. Not only that, but when loggin into the game, all seems good, besides the fact that the chance the game will actually work is 1/20. Considering the moment it launches it crashes, freezes your computer, or the mouse just doesnt appear. Once in game ur fine, enjoy, but getting to that point is almost impossible. So trust me, dont get any more early access games, the game has been out for almost a year, and still nothing. I can say the same for the DayZ Standalone, nothing has really been changed or modified. I mean, the zombies still run through walls, and attack you from 20 feet away. Its a simple fix they dont crack own on, just program them to basicly act as if they were a player... not being able to noclip through every wall. So trust me, it seems alot of these early acess games have been abandoned for a while, so please dont waste your money! And for the forrest, good luck trying to play that game. And i doubt they will fix that for another year... or two!"
,Not Recommended,247730,10759467,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,sgt_eypo,"I haven't been able to play. There's just a list of servers wich takes forever to load. If I try to join a server I get sent back to lobby. If you get stuck loading you'll have to close the game, no way of cancelling connection. AVOID THIS GAME, at least until they fix servers. Still looks really fun, but daesn't seem to work properly for everyone. Really sad :("
76561197994519120,Not Recommended,247730,17231023,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,DR0PH3AD,WHAT IN THE HELL IS WRONG WITH THIS GAME?Just tried it out again and NOW it's not woring at all...Give me my money back.
,Not Recommended,247730,10742524,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,FlamFromSpace,"I payed extra for 50 nether gold, lost it all when I died. Don't know what the ""Chosen-Only Exclusive In-Game Item"" is, but I'd probably lose that as well."
76561198124757882,Not Recommended,247730,14553517,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,sweeneyp1,"won't work, wont sync no matter what I do"
76561198110060759,Not Recommended,247730,15119527,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Eric,unable to link maccount to Steam account . Wasted too much time trying to get it fixed and now the refund marathon will start ...just not worth it
76561198066580119,Not Recommended,247730,15833212,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,iSayBooyah26,"Nether is a survival horror game to be played with your friends.... or maybe alone?Tag along with friends, or against foes in this survival horror that requires a lot of awareness and alertness in order to you and your crew to stay alive. It's got a hunger and thirst mechanic, as far as monsters lurking around in the world and no one to trust. Who will be friend, and who will be foe?Let me start off with gameplay. It is terribly built. The movements and combat is not fluid or smooth in any way at all. Hit boxes are glitchy, and there are other plenty of bugs in the game, such as launching the game itself and crashing. The menu is even slow to load. And there are of course, your fellow♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bag players online who camp in safe-zones and wait for you to run out and shoot you.-     4 / 10"
,Not Recommended,247730,15870485,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Willdell,"No, no, no. Don't you even think about clicking that ""Add to Cart"" button."
,Not Recommended,247730,16332444,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,KanyeEast,"I'm sorry but to be completely and 100% accurate this game is a load of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. The Developers take your hard earned money and shove it up their♥♥♥♥♥ I bought this game wayyyy early on and have come back months later and nothing has been improved. The very least they could do is optimize the ♥♥♥♥ing game but nope. I will never purchasing anything from these♥♥♥♥♥♥tier plebian developers and I hope all of you do the same. Steam really needs to stop allowing these early access games or atleast have some proffessional testing before any of these ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games are made available for purchase. Also these games are maybe worth about 3$. If you don't really care about your craft then why even create a product. It is lazy and doesn't deserve reward, To be honest I think everyone should be refunded both their time and money. Miss me with that♥♥♥♥♥♥tier game crap."
,Not Recommended,247730,16252382,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,gunner7517,Your typical early access game.Pros:Nothing.Uninstalling healed that cancer this game gave me.Cons:-Runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥-Not fun at allNote: Be sure you know how to uninstall the game before purchasing.
,Not Recommended,247730,15831085,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Father Paul Stone,"Good luck retrieving your account or actually making one, the website needed to verify your account has not existed for almost 7 months.The game is an unfinished mess and although it had potential, the developers did not care enough to actually make a complete game. Save your money and your time, do not buy this game."
,Not Recommended,247730,15870301,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,AttillaTheNun,Fail
,Not Recommended,247730,14978428,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,N0OBz Boss,so lagy
76561198180844507,Not Recommended,247730,14955376,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,cullenmca.cm,not worth a single penny. it rarely launches and when it does its the slowest peice of s*** ive ever played. dont waste your time and effort on this garbage.
76561197995854304,Not Recommended,247730,10721184,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Yawning soldier,"About 2/3 of the time I played, I was either stuck in spectator mode or lagging in server selection.It kinda seems like the game was made in 2-3 hours and marketed for the remaining time.Never again."
,Not Recommended,247730,14569607,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Munchie,"I bought this game when it came out in early access! I wanna give credit to Markiplier for showing this game to me because at the time it was fun playing with a group of friends in a survival situation. You get to run around finding guns, ammo, food, etc, surviving the night and the nether creatures that haunt you. Great times. But when it officially released, the game was far from what anyone had originally thought the game was going to be and how well the world would work out. The overall idea was fun and creative but now you got cheaters with auto aim, shooting 2 shots into your head where you instantly die. Newbs to this game will stand no chance of surviving for long, especially since they added this stupid tribe element to the game. It didn't make it better. Instead of survival and working together to defeat the nether and retake back earth, you're a gang of thugs killing others for territory. The world is gorgeous, graphics are pretty to look at and since its release, there are more places unlocked but it isn't all complete. Probably some DLC's will come out and more area's will be unlocked but you don't feel welcomed at all in this game. Its extremely hard to survive 15 seconds outside a safe zone once you leave it without players Following you, shooting you & taking your stuff. And yes, you have to start over every time, level 1 with one weapon! Its not about the Nether, its about the people you gotta watch out for now. The game started out as more of a group/team effort but its mainly every man with a gun and a group of thugs for themselves! I tried getting back into it but sadly was targeted way too many times and didn't make it as far as i use to be in Early Access. Places i wish i could visit in the game were simply too hard to get to because of people constantly hunting me and being forced to respawn in a new area every time. That's another thing, people loot the area's dry all the time to make it hard for new players to even advance! So bottom line i don't recommend this game at all. I wasted money on it and would of rather spent my money on DayZ or H1Z1. At the time i didn't like Dayz and picked Nether but wish i could change that. Also, the game feels like its been abandoned by its creators and probably just pushed it because people were getting ancy about its progress. I payed 20 dollars which looked like its ""Nether - Chosen"" But i see nothing special about my early access game. I didn't get any special weapons, items, nada. So if you really want this game, pay for the watcher if you must. 4/10."
76561198066003873,Not Recommended,247730,10738139,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Mwoooaahhh,"If you wan't a completly ♥♥♥♥ optimised game that lags for centuries on start up, nether is just right for you. Buying this game will have been the worst choice of your lives. Wait for newer updates when this pile of ♥♥♥♥ actually runs.Intel processor @ 3.4ghz8GB RAM @1600mhz2GB GTX7870Definitley not my computer, trust me, do not buy this game until someone actually posts a positive review, and when it is further developed."
,Not Recommended,247730,13710402,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,BreadBox,"Unless you've got friends to play it with, it isn't worth the Drive space it occupies. Does look nice tho.So its kind of like my Ex."
76561198012935529,Recommended,247730,10900753,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,saint7515,"Nether is fantastic... but not for everybody.TL, DR = If you like a challenge, thrive on competition, and don't mind a scare, this game could one day result in perfection.  If you arn't willing to figure things out for yourself, think hackers are everywhere, or can't stand a cancerous-demon thing chasing your toon, look elsewhere.Most common lies debunked: As of the 6/14 summer sale loot is regular (plentiful once you know how to look), 'golden chests' only seem to drop cosmetic stuff (and the occasional rifle frame), and you can buy keys to open golden boxes with money made from completing missions.  Further, even with 'coins' (purchased with real $) you can't buy anything BUT cosmetic, save for a few unique items (flashlight, hanglider, etc.) and need loot just like everyone else in order to build a gun.  Also no noticable hacking - some players glitch around a bit from lag, but they are the least of your worries, since the Nether will mug them long before those players can bother you.The Good: Stealth is useful early and late, melee is efficient but cannot handle groups, run-and-gun is powerful but has some major drawbacks (cost of ammo and other players can find you easily), leveling up is painless, levels can be powerful but are not required to have an impact, and the freakin' demons (the Nether) are beatable, but still dangerous even after recognizing ai patterns.  Most exciting?  You are never perfectly safe (safezones fail but have built-in missions to bring them back up, and will recover on their own eventually), and the challenge and accomplishment from simply surviving long enough to make discoveries feels very rewarding.The bad: Total types of weapons are limited for a game this crafting focused, the UI is limited and sometimes non-intuitive, dying can be more than a little frustrating, there are also some simple exploits left to be worked out, and some parts of the map are practically barren, resulting in a long walk on the beach rather than a daring courrior drop in a post-apoc world.  Camping PC's are not the issue most claim, BUT groups of PC's ANYWHERE, especially near the safe-zones in the boonies, make many missions near impossible without the help of your own group.  Also, when a safe-zone falls, if no-one fixed it within the first hour, you get no further warning that the 'walls are down,' and may wander into a warzone filled with gankers and demons during the 10/30/60min reset period.  Most promenent mistake?  Despite the teaser trailor filling your head with the hope for plentiful story, there simply is none.  Living in Chicago helps since the streat names mean something (even if they are rubix-cubed up) but there is simply zero story - interest in playing Nether is from challenge and personal accomplishments alone.The ugly: The nether are freaky... for the first 12 hours or so.  After that it's less like running from demons and more like picking out game on a safari - you know the attack patterns, and seeing the same skin over and over makes them almost mundane.  That is not to say they arn't dangerous; simply running into a group of them means you need to pull out a gun, which in turn means players will come-runnin.  However, the more dangerous the Nether, or the more there are in one spot, the more easily they are avoided.   Also, losing so much on death is terrifying incentive... yet after the 6th time dying and losing guns, it became kind-of zen like.  You learn to not fear losing stuff and just get back in the game, since leveling happens so fast and global inventories exist to store loot you bring to a safe-zone.  It's certainly more complicated then just popping up in a typical FPS, but dying no longer persuades me to not try crazy things, and the survival feel is heavily dampened.Total: once the glitches are fixed, the nether get more than one skin a peice, the map is completely populated, some dialogue is added to missions, and another sub-way is added (the red-line crosses the river underground!), I can see myself easily putting more that 100 hours into surviving the sandbox that is Nether."
76561198031502220,Not Recommended,247730,23605294,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Dranzus ガッツ,> Install game> Get stuck in the menu for an hour> Game crashes> Restart and get stuck in menu again> Uninstall and ask for refund> Realise you wasted too much time trying to get past menu so you cant get a refund> Cry10/10 would uninstall again
,Not Recommended,247730,12756444,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Xonikz,"I tried to like this, I really did. I purchased and supported the development phase, but in the end I'm more of a single player guy. I like feeling like I got something out of my gaming experience, whether it be RPG leveling, story development, or brain teaser solves.This has none of the fun gaming stuff and is more of a dangled carrot with Death holding the stick. Maybe that was the point.I haven't played in several months now, so I'm calling it quits for good."
,Not Recommended,247730,33697221,Posted: 21 July,all,Avro,"Nether had some good pontential to it, though it never got finished and was abandoned.It remains as a buggy mess with basically no player base left to it."
,Not Recommended,247730,33501720,Posted: 13 July,all,Mixofrenic,"developers did not abandon this game.the owners changed to another team, and back to phosphor, and now again phosphor was removed by the owners and the development has been standing still for a long time.and as far as i know phosphor were the developers who wanted to make this game great.for now i wouldnt recomment purchasing this game, and i would suggest this game to be removed from steam store untill it gets some development going on (if it ever does)"
76561197989000593,Not Recommended,247730,26940138,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Drontti Edvard,I would rather play Big Rigs than this
76561198013674031,Not Recommended,247730,10400577,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,|MW| DabFalken,"played it once. I cant delete this game, its with me forever."
,Not Recommended,247730,11913748,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Valkyr,"A Horrible Waste of Money. Uses a P2W system, has a high asking price AND is easily hackable, even on secured servers, there are people with speed and aim hacks. The graphics are sub-par, the camera is narrow and shaky to all hell. You will be spawnkilled. You will lose hours of work. You will be upset.tl;dr don't buy this."
,Not Recommended,247730,11483509,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Cl4ssypanda,"I can hardly find the words to write a review on this because i cant even started it, i bought the best edition there was and was expecting it to be a fun horror survival game but no when i try to run it it says misslin d3dm9_43.dll file or something like that and when i got that installed it sayed that another file was working i just give up trying on this game and i wish there was a way to get my money back"
,Not Recommended,247730,11854142,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Xavix,"Neather, a game that requires more updates then Team Fortress 2, but lacks the fun that any game provides us with. This should be classified as a running simulator because all you do is run around an empty map, into empty buildings, and empty safezones. Nothing happens in this game. There is no other way to rate this game unless you classify it as a Running Simulator because that's all you do. Run. If you enjoy running around a destroyed map then buy this game as that is all you will do!"
76561197970017731,Not Recommended,247730,11966109,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,2legs,♥♥♥♥♥ass game. why because after owning it for 3 months and numerous attempts at contacting suport i am unable to get in and actually pay the gaem. waste of money. how can i recommend a game i cant even get in to and play.
76561198025772056,Not Recommended,247730,11705598,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,JinKo82,♥♥♥♥♥game. doesnt tell you that you need to have a 64 bit system until you buy the game. unless you started playing in the beta you wont get far at all with the campers.
,Not Recommended,247730,11841781,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,™|Cunnamulla®,"This game would be amazing to play if it would ♥♥♥♥ing work, I think it might have to do with where i live in the world but then again i've tried every server on the list, Each time i join a server the game works for about 15mins then ♥♥♥♥s up, it freezes up from lagg, each time i leave a server i have to Ctrl+Alt+Delete cause it freezes up, when i get to a safezone to deliver a package i hold E and nothing happens or the one time it worked i could not equip anything cause it froze up, Now I'm 100% its not my PC and its just cause i live in Australia and im not the only Austrilan facing this problem, So i recommend this game if you live somewhere else in the world, but i can play other games on USA server without any problems, so i'm 75% sure its not my internet connection, The game developer should fix there net coding to run better or simple have servers for us Australians to play on at least, the game its self has amazing graphics, the controls feel right and i can see how it be a ton of fun to play but as i've explain above i can't even get 15 mins out of it at a time."
76561198034439350,Not Recommended,247730,11960571,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,perception,"I bought Nether on sale after reading some positive reviews that compared it to other multiplayer survival games.The installation and creation of an account was fast & easy.At the time i played ingame menu and server list tended to lagg heavily. There was no tutorial or intro whatsoever.I did not really mind the couple bugs i encountered like being stuck in corners or objects along with sudden disconnection. What really made playing this game a horrible experience is the amount of hackers on the servers matched with the heavy pvp orientation of most of the community if you want to call it one.Right now you are running around scavenging or solving tasks for an hour after having waited for a group to gather for usually twice the time just to end up loosing everything again due to an ambush, hackers or the lowest creep that might simply one-hit you out of nowhere.So right now this game is wasted time. Glad i bought it really cheap!"
76561198096990587,Not Recommended,247730,11479190,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Freshmeat,"comment i wanted to say.do you wish spent a few hours gearing up and then killed by hackers?do you wish to spent another a few hours gearing up and then again kill by a hacker?and again do you wish to spent another a few hours gearing up and then again kill by a hacker?if you wish it, then you can have it with USD 14.99. lol"
76561198084364835,Not Recommended,247730,11481679,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,xxXStr8xBallerXxx,"Would be nice, if i could actually start this stupid game. I bought it here on Steam and even created a stupid account onplaynether.com, but it will still not work and claim that my steamclient wasn't running, even though it clearly is. I don't want to make another Mber-account to link my steam to that. Why should i? It's just dumb."
76561197970160476,Not Recommended,247730,11710214,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Wiz Jr,i  have came back to this game 3 to 4 times since i bought it for 2 bucks and reading the other reviews this game is degrading worse and worse than it was in the beginning its not gonna get out of its hole unless it gets majorly updated DONT BUY!
,Not Recommended,247730,11788893,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Bozwald,"103 minutes ""played"" over 6 weeks. Have yet to successfully log in to a server. Don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,247730,11715713,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,[N_S-O]CrusaderClark,"Can't play the game cause it failed to login, and i tried all the fixes on the net but nothing works. A waste of my hard earned money down the drain....."
76561198201081763,Not Recommended,247730,16459404,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,The1Upper,it sucks it was glicthed i couldn't start it up :(
76561198137761351,Not Recommended,247730,12016795,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Victor Sullivan,IT SAYS GOLD UPGRADE FAILED!
76561198079639044,Not Recommended,247730,12168757,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Twhit98,DO NOT GET THIS GAME IT IS A WASTE OF YOUR MONEY!!! The 50 minutes I have invested was all trying to get it to launch. Yeah big mistake.
,Not Recommended,247730,11708540,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,gay boi from outerspace,Picture a game that is as frustrating and broken as DayZ. Then take out all of the parts of Dayz that are actually entertaining. Now you have Nether. Glad I only paid a couple bucks for it.
76561198095146383,Not Recommended,247730,16462654,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,diVeRbAm,laggy so badly laggy and not fair at all took me 4 days to get to lever 17 then i get one shot across the city by a hacker and lost everything i refuse to do it again i hate the loose your level when you die theres no progression or even point to try to level up when youll just die over and over and over again to hackers or ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s im out done untill it gets better
,Not Recommended,247730,11467909,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Cursethedawn,"""It'll make you with Steam had a return policy."" My co-worker talked me into this game with promise of lunchtime game play.  He however turned out to be the smart one.  I bought it first, he saw the game play and quickly backed out.  Now I'm stuck with it.I understand the concept of early access.  The game is not complete and there will be bugs.  I attempted to play a few times but it was so racked with bugs and broken AI I thought I'd just wait.  Unfortunately I'm feeling more and more like a chump that got his money stolen."
76561198032784414,Not Recommended,247730,11471690,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,3624364,"This game prevented me from ever actually playing it, despite the money I spent on it. It won't let me log in and the one time I did manage to log in I couldn't spawn into the game."
,Not Recommended,247730,11821138,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Ironic XDs,"Don't waste your hard earned money on this game.This game is basically a huge pile of crap  . The map is really small and half of it is a ♥♥♥♥ing wasteland . Loot ? Yeah , good luck finding any , and if you do , other players will just kill you and you will lose everything , from items to EXP and Levels .Everything in this game is basically terrible .PvE is non-existent , boss fights are boring as f*ck .All the quests are the same - Deliver the box to a safezone .There is nothing you can do other than find loot which are you rarely find and if you do , you will most likely find something useless . Oh but you can get into buildings and find stuff . NOPE , there are like 5 buildings and they are all the same .Oh and did I mention it is Pay2Win ? With a recent update , almost every single item is expensive as ♥♥♥♥ to buy with in-game money . Even the main menu is awful for god's sake .So , in conclusion,Pay2Win -  ✔Non-existent PvE - ✔Random people killing you -  ✔Boring map - ✔Lose everything when you die - ✔Terrible customization - ✔Ugly HUD - ✔Special features? - LOL NOStoryline - HELL NODo yourself a favor and don't waste money on this game."
76561198101175166,Not Recommended,247730,10423694,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Pickle Rick,I CANT GET THE STUPID THNG TO WORK DONT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY
76561198081199081,Not Recommended,247730,10424658,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Plitskin5,The developers have not delivered. It still plays like a bad alpha. It is also horribly unoptimized. This game is no where near finished. They have not delivered what they promised.
76561198016753511,Not Recommended,247730,10425640,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Shone Wobber,Game uses an awful loggin system that requires you to link your steam account to their account and a third party system. I cant even get in. support refuses to provide any helpful infromation or assitance beond telling me to go complain and scour the fourms. they claim that since the game is in beta that they have no obligation to provide a funtional product. if the game functions anything like the company behind it its not worth you money or time. 0/10 unacceptable.
76561198044494695,Not Recommended,247730,16517661,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Space Oddity (Ghost),"The creators of this game need to realize their mistake, and give us all our money back.Do not buy this game.This game is abandoned by it's creators, and they are making fools of the people who were unfortunate enough to say to themselves ""Yeah, this looks neat. I'll give it a try."" Back when it was in early access. It is broken, very unfinished, and there is next to no support for it.Please stay away from this game, don't make the same mistake I did."
76561198101894676,Not Recommended,247730,13857509,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Barnie.salamanders @IG,ATTENTION LIKE THE GUY BELOW METhis game is (was) a great game. Obviously flawed in some ways but what game isn't?After playing the game heavy for two days after gaining a new pc i was hooked.Only to be disapointed to find out that this game has basicly been abandoned with flaws and all.Now i cant even connect to a server and play the damn game.Maybe if the devs come back and fix the game buy it. But for now save your moneyand buy some hats on tf2 or something that idk works?
,Not Recommended,247730,13901310,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,xxGuitarRemixx,Luckily I bought this game during the Steam sales. About $5. So I guess that's the only pro about this. Otherwise. garbage. Better off saving up and grabbing Day Z.
76561198127274241,Not Recommended,247730,14230061,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Toader,How i can refund this game ?
76561198047600925,Not Recommended,247730,14298687,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,cheeseygeorge,stupid mber acount crap. Don't try it it takes forever to get on. I had this at first in alpha and it was awsome but until i left it for 2 months it broken and its taken me ages to work and its still not working.
76561198092396659,Not Recommended,247730,14300921,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,heroin,"Its fun, but i cant connect to server. I bought it for 2 euro but it was a waste of money. DONT BUY IT"
,Not Recommended,247730,14302397,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,nestorledon,"Great concept, graphics, and mechanics but poor execution. Doesn't stand out enough for me invest time in it."
,Not Recommended,247730,14319940,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Anti051,"So after playing awhile I can say that this game isn't beginner-friendly. One can spend 2 hours scavenging, playing it safe, being cautious, conservative and overall not being an idiot, but none of that matters. All your invested time and effort into obtaining the most basic foothold in the world is squandered with a single mistake and it's back to square one with an extended middle finger in your face.  I really wanted to participate in pvp, but I don't see the point if your skills and gear get wiped on death, you barely get any action in a firefight before you or the other guy has to go off, grind up skills again and try to get something halfway decent to fight with. Then there's always the chance you'll get capped from nowhere, then you have to try to regear and grind up skills again...I understand that this is supposed to be a survival game, but come on. I came in to be a part of some intense pvp, not constantly grind."
,Not Recommended,247730,14343187,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Yellowcake Uranium,"its a good game, but the lack of objective is very noticeable."
,Not Recommended,247730,14385964,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,[HG]The Jarl Doom,"It had potential. it seemed like a cool idea, maybe one day it will be a good game, maybe... Right now, pass on it.  If you really must torture yourself wait till it goes on sale again for next to nothing."
76561198097809114,Not Recommended,247730,13719513,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,uncletouchy,well the game could have bin great if it werent for lots of bugs and the people who play on itmy first reason if you try and be somebodys friend they just kill you and also theres lots of minor bugs likewalking through walls and glitching in to stuff and not getting out if they fixed these i would like the game
76561198011118610,Not Recommended,247730,14382375,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,craftz,One of my biggest mistakes like Warz.
,Not Recommended,247730,9901209,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,iNFECTED,April 2014 - Still Too Buggy.... will try again in future!
76561198158199659,Recommended,247730,21597471,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,inajefflymanner,"I enjoy this game. I don't have hundred of hours poured into it, but I have owned and played it for over a year atleast. It's not a long haul game. Atleast not to me.To me the fun is in logging on every now and again just to see how long you can survive. The atmosphere is creepy. The monsters are scarey in sounds, appearances, and in how they fight you. It has a perma-death feature so once you die you loose all of that characters items and stats and must start over with a new character(though you can re-loot your old body if you're quick enough). You also have an account level that is constant. It takes a little longer to level up but grants bonuses to your character when you start out. This does provide some longevity to the game.However, eventually the atmosphere gets dul and you adjust to the sounds of the monsters and it becomes less scary/creepy. Maybe this game is meant to be more survival oriented, but the horror atmosphere adds a lot to the game. Once you get over it, however all that was added is lost. It is a FUN game. Don't get me wrong. The only tasks to do though are running errands. Your goal, most of the time, is to run boxes from one outpost to another and stay alive long enough to see how many runs you can do.This game is fun until it isn't. It's not that it's a bad game. It just fails to keep your attention(or atleast my attention). If it had a more obvious plot line and relevant missions it would be solid and I would play it for hours at a time. Maybe the point of the end of the world is to be pointless, but until then It's a game I will gladly play and enjoy playing for a few hours every month or two when the atmosphere feels fresh to me and I forget how panic inducing the monsters can be."
76561198068420695,Not Recommended,247730,13740434,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,twitch.tv/dudewist2,Well nether was a good game but it really isnt anymore the big updates ruined it plain and simple.
,Not Recommended,247730,11892333,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Marcone Antelius,"MAJOR UPDATE: NOTHING has been improved. The map is still useless, there is no way to tell where you should be going even the during the few tutorial missions, and for God's sake would it kill the devs to put a reticle on the screen?!There is no one else playing. Anyone who is has a massive amount of patience. That being said, you will not be able to gather a team to do anything. You will not survive on your own. Just when you think you're safe, you get pounded into the ground by a low-level monster in only a few hits. What damage you are able to do to them is a total guess because the game has a horrible amount of lag between button press and action and there is zero indication that you are actually doing any damage. When the tutorial mission is damn-near impossible to complete, you should understand that the rest of the game is either the same or simply not worth your effort. Why punish the players for playing?On top of the horrible PvE, the PvP is an atrocity as well. Anyone who gets joy out of griefing other players by sniping them while they're in the safe zone must have some mental problems. There is no reward for this. Just the minuscule joy of killing someone at a low-level. Phosphor games has abandoned this title and for good reason: it didn't work on the first day and it still doesnt work. What could have been an amazing game is instead shredded with no hope of reconciliation, dignity, or refund."
,Not Recommended,247730,10764880,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,StijnWolf ✔,"This is what happened.. and it somehow made me feel like ♥♥♥♥♥♥ : I was playing nether and needed to take a♥♥♥♥♥♥. pretty badly, and then someone 35042069 noscopedropshot me.. and I got really scared.. and I guess you are wondering about the♥♥♥♥♥♥I had to take.. I didn't need to go anymore, but did need to change underwear (which I usually don't even wear)"
,Not Recommended,247730,20948998,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,RocketDog!,"Do not buy this game. I wish I could get my money back, as I purchased this when it cost 20$"
,Not Recommended,247730,10826982,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Xizt,"Laggy as hell and also buggy as hell. Dont tell me this is alpha so bugs are acceptable. Saying the bugs i mean ""not connecting to the game"". You open server list and wait for 10 mins because it freezes. Then finally you choose a server than it kicks you. You wait 10 more mins if you wanna choose new server again. When you contacted support they advice you to buy the game again because if you buy again the problem can be solved they say. Waste of money even in discounts. Sorry steam..."
,Not Recommended,247730,14794751,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,PixelszHd,This was one of my best games until there were too many hackers. Please do VAC for this game that works and i could play it again like it should be played.
,Not Recommended,247730,20627211,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,BananaPhone Jim,"Disappointing. Loads of potential, however being stuck in DX9 and pretty bad optimisation weighs this down a lot. No improvement from pre ""Resurrected"" release..."
76561198041627920,Not Recommended,247730,20430731,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,garrisonrb,"Played it and thought it was♥♥♥♥♥♥ Slow, lack of weapons and supplies, overly simplistic. I've played other survival games and I can say you'd fare much better with those. ie: the forest, h1z1, etc."
,Not Recommended,247730,20961558,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,PublicMasturbatr,"Graphics are amazing. Map is good, but performance is disgusting."
76561198079626713,Not Recommended,247730,12264842,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,HellHoundGaming,THIS GAME WON'T EVEN ♥♥♥♥ING START AND LET ALONE THE ONLY REASON I BOUGHT IT WAS CUZ IT WAS RECOMMENDED BY A FRIEND!!!!!!!
76561197984220466,Not Recommended,247730,12267787,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Basadre,"What you're shown: Intruiging storyline, challenging combat, survival on limited supplies, open-world co-op/pvp to add an element of danger.What you get: Hackers, cheats, glitchy monsters, buggy & unreliable loot drops, limited/linear means of progression (if it can be called that), excessivly punishing death/respawn system and a ""global inventory"" that leaves little to no room to store those important items and novelty loot or even a means of expanding said inventory.A real dissapointment, I am ashamed that I even bothered picking this up. Something that I would say about only three other games!Seriously, you'd be better off getting Team Fortress, at least it's free."
,Not Recommended,247730,12259364,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,YzalSan,"It was fun for me. But i ll can t make an objective critic about this game.This because kill an another human being is pretty hard, they have auto rifle or they re so desesperate they try to kill you with the beginning knife. The looting and the roaming in the map is fun but it don't work with my skype or teamspeak, so the fun just disapear when you re dommed to speak alone, fight alone, die alone.The Pk is common and everybody do it. I'm not an angel, i tried too, but i'm not verydone for that and my lone pvp kill is on a poor knife guy attempting to cut me in half. The Pve seems to be fun, but, the knife or most powerfull contact weapon have their limit with big big things. And the problem with guns, is the noise they do, just you didn't want occur, others players heard that and go kill you without any reason. It seems if devs added a rabbit orphanage where you ll have to bring stuff, people would make it always, saying... But man, it's a feature, it s why i do this all the time ! Uh...Coll game but for me, No. =p"
76561198010422503,Recommended,247730,8989747,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Absolute Taters!!,well i cant log in and they wont email me my account informationbest $15 i ever wasted
,Not Recommended,247730,20866922,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,rogermorse@tablet,"I bought this game more than one year ago. I would really like some kind of open world game, FPS, with not too much crafting involved and not too much trading and in a 'military' setting, to say that I would not like a fantasy with melee, nor would I like ARK which seems to be so popular at the moment. I thought Nether was a good choice. Back in June 2014, when I bought the game, people were not satisfied at all but the game was on sale and I got it anyway. In the last month, I was happy to see that many people changed their review from negative to positive, so I decided to finally try the game. Well, even after all this time, the game looks terribly unfinished. The menu is so minimal, graphics are quite bad and the game runs so bad on a GTX 970 (38 fps in Full HD), really poorly optimized. Since optimization is for me a key factor, I can't recommend a game that is unplayable with one of the most popular graphic cards out there. I know that some people have SLI of 980ti that would put my card deep in the ground, but those are enthusiast configurations."
76561198046184992,Not Recommended,247730,10706617,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,BadFeungShui,"I can't give this a very shining reccomendation in its current state; the world is dreary and there's few activities to participate in other than packing cardboard boxes around or ambushing strangers for laughs. Enemy hit-boxes are misleading for melee attacks and guns appear to send bullets flying at odd angles to the direction of the barrel, at though the bullets all have ADHD or something. Trailers and hype seem to encourage players to spend most of their time killing eachother for energy drinks and bullets, but I didn't seem to have exceptional trouble staying supplied. While unfinished, it may be a better game in the future, but for now Nether probably isn't going to turn a whole lot of heads. Unless you spend virtually all your spare time playing Left 4 Dead clones and the STALKER games, wait for a finished release."
,Recommended,247730,10784367,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Washiez,Game crashed on me twice withing 30 minutes10/10
,Not Recommended,247730,33655308,Posted: 19 July,all,Firepots,"Ahh, well♥♥♥♥♥♥here we are. Bought it way back in early access, was pretty fun. Ran around for a bit, found a crowbar, got ripped apart by whatever those things were. Found a few players, followed them from abandoned buildings. Eventually found a pistol and took pot shots at the same players i stalked from the shadows for a while. Logged off that night and never played againIt had a alot of potential, now its dead. Cash grab is all it is now, stay clear."
76561198110848334,Not Recommended,247730,33076766,Posted: 1 July,all,Clockwork ツ,Meh.
76561198103801240,Not Recommended,247730,16345279,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Iron Tarkus,"This game is AWFUL!!! Do not waste your money on this piece of sub-human♥♥♥♥♥♥ The concept is pretty cool, the graphics are mediocre, the updates are non-existant, the UI is utter garbage, and the cheaters are real. Cheaters are everywhere and it's insane... This game is fun for the first 5 minutes then you see why people hate it so much....My rating: 2/10 I wish I could get my money back..."
,Recommended,247730,9618511,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,RIP Petyr Baelish,"Okay so heres my review after reading some of the reviews.i agree on some opinions such as name tag shouldn't appear unless close as that would give away positions but some of the opinions i just disagree with. i can understand why you feel the way you do but people who say leveling isn't worth anything is wrong in a way as leveling in a game like this makes it much more fun and gives just a little something extra as what you could call a prize or gift for surviving that long while fighting your way through those levels to survive. also the safe zones being camped isn't that bad, well as far as i've played but i haven't played since december due to it being early access and i want a proper and full game experience when it fully releases but me and my brother always snuck away from safe zones without any trouble. There are many ways in and out of a safe zone and any route could be taken, althought some safe zones are limited to 2 entrance/exits such as the camp in the north. thats what sprinting away really fast is for and also you must make sure you are aware of your surroundings and not just running into a bunch of nether creatures haha xD imo most of the stuff such as pvp, trying to sneak away from safe zones etc is what makes this game intense and adds to the environment and fun of the game. leveling just adds to the tension as it makes you not want to die so you can keep all the perks but it only helps a bit and doesn't make you invincible. you need to try and enjoy the game without triyng to take out all the fun, try and get someone to play with. it's even better when you get a full inventory full of stuff you just found and ending up in a gun fight in the middle of no where with another group of survivors LOL. everyone wants to survive and tensions are high which makes people trust others less as they are scared of dying and losing their levels and equipment.But when me and my brother played, it didn't have the group system or the other updates which i've seen in the updates, but there still was a negative to killing just anyone as if you killed a lot of people, you would end up attracting a ton of nether which would just literally tear you apart no matter how geared up you are. unless of course u had lots of stamina and one of those nether bombs to throw in a different direction or one of those machines that make nether creatures flee for a little while.Really they should add more stuff like a roaming boss as i don't currently like that reaper thing that sits in the middle of no where in a random park in the north. they should have a large slow roaming creature which would add so much tension and excitment into the game. and it could also create a small area of fog around it so it cannot be seen very well from a distance. oh how that would be amazing! and also it could grant a decent peice of equipment or something for the people who helped slay the beast but ofc that shouldn't be easy. so much things could make this game better.I have nothing against other peoples opinions as this is just my own opinion of some and i respect your opinions.But i find this to be an excellent game which could be so so much betterBut anyway this game is really not friendly to those who honestly play alone. you should definitely grab a friend or someone trust worthy to play with and atleast have voice communication with. When getting into game, you should always expect some sort of pvp encounter unless you are lucky to avoid such things but they are always quite fun if it ends up as a group war,Item spawning is terrible as some have said, needing food and health and not getting any while still loosing it in a safe zone is just rediculous but then again force you to go out and look for items to survive on. there should be something such as go out and kill some nether and depending on how much nether you kill, you get a reward for going back into a safezone or even just going back into the main safe zone as there is a large shortage of supplies for people just getting into the game. maybe even some supplies for a first time visit into the main safe zone just to help someone who has nothing, but won't give to those who have obviously stored food and health supplies into their bank.There can be so much going for this game yet. maybe in the future this game would show its true colours and what it can do and hopfully a great game like this doesn't go to waste."
,Not Recommended,247730,10746996,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Heigen,"Do not buy this game, the servers are a mess and there isn't even euro servers, only americunt servers. You also have to ctrl+alt+del to exit server if the joining ♥♥♥♥s up (which it does). At the moment you can't even go to complain to official forum because those ♥♥♥♥s locked up registration.I have no idea what the actual game is like because these stupid ♥♥♥♥♥ can't run servers. ♥♥♥♥ you for not warning about your africa tier servers."
,Not Recommended,247730,10946932,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,2dank2drank,"Terrible game. If steam would let me return this game easily, I would have 5 minutes after playing. DO NOT BUY THIS."
,Not Recommended,247730,10948758,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Loudbill,"The game doesn't even work.I bought the game, knowing it was early release and that their were bound to be some problems here and there, which I was prepared for. What I wasn't prepared for, was signing in, and not even being able to connect to a server. I wasn't even able to use my MOUSE.I have tried every ""fix,"" and nothing worked.And by the looks of it, 50% of the people who were actually able to play, hate the game.Don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,247730,10955314,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,floff,"Engine runs terrible on my mid-to-high range machine, menus freeze for minutes at a time and make the game almost unplayable seeing as how I can barely join a server or pick a spawnpoint. I don't have much to say about the gameplay because I gave up after the first hour of trying to click menu buttons that didn't work because the game was frozen in the background."
,Not Recommended,247730,10735260,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Mikan,"My first impression launching this game.. struck with a sign up .. i didnt mind it too much, then actually getting into finding a server, then well after lagging for ages and well just waiting the server lists finally show up and i could actually click something. I joined a random server. my player did not spawn and i was well floating.. this game needs fixing big time. I will give it a while before playing this game. how can it freeze though. :/"
76561198044192557,Recommended,247730,9565070,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,LegitxRage,Good game still needs alot of work (3/19/2014) but has alot of potential. I find this game to be great for both PvP players and PvE players. It has rewards for the more veteran players but at the same time gives the newer player a fair fight when it come to the guns and weapons of the game. 8.5/10
,Not Recommended,247730,24375670,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,JimmyBeans,"well heres my problem:it is a good concept of a game, and it is fun at some points, but theres literally nothing to do in it. if you play singleplayer, its an endless cycle of running back and forth, but if you play multiplayer, you cant step out of a safezone without getting gunned down by an obese sweaty ♥♥♥♥ who does nothing but play the game for a living. there are also a bunch of bugs that im not going to get into, but the one that annoys me the most is the fact that backpack literally dont do♥♥♥♥♥♥for some people - including me. and speaking of multiplayer, there are only like 6 servers and one of them is the singleplayer one. please figure out a way to make this game actually enjoyable without just getting some friends and messing around and not actually trying to play the game - because atm, the only way to have fun is to just grab some friends and mess around."
,Not Recommended,247730,9901564,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Doc Corb [RCL],"As much fun with this game as I had when I bought it, and as many little updates as it has had to make me come back and keep slugging at it again and again, I simply annot reccomend it in it's current state. It is a clunky, poorly optimized game with weird mechanics, weird bullet physics, and just plain strange design choices. A lot of good ideas, but it fails to deliver at the moment."
,Not Recommended,247730,9953143,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,MurderFace,"Game should be $5. Its VERY similar to WarZ. Controls don't feel quite right. I play on ultra and have a gtx 780ti oc but graphics/textures/weapons/characters look like a 2004 game. Increasing the draw distance to MAX doesn't give you less fog (too much fog) it only cuts out distant buildings. Textures spazz out. When you get in the water...i dont know what happens. Maybe it's toxic. Either way, it's too glitchy to know if water is toxic or glitched. Feels like the WarZ guys put this game together quickly to cash in again on the survival horror genre. It's Early access, but I don't think this game can get better unless it's redone. If you must try it for yourself, I recommend not buying the chosen or belieber pack. Get the cheapest watcher pack."
76561198015903089,Not Recommended,247730,10708549,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,midsh,"'Status: Failed. Steam client must be running if you bought Nether from Steam and have not linked your Mber account.'It's just ridiculous! I bought the game, then they tell me i need a second accound and then they try to tell me my steamclient isn't running although I can see it in task...UPDATE: I followed the instructions onhttps://nether.desk.com/customer/portal/articles/1350232-how-to-sync-your-steam-accountNow my account was synced/linked but the result was a new popup telling me again steam wouldn't be running. I just started steam as admin (rightclick) and guess what - now it works...but only with 16:9 resolution (I need 5:4 but there isn't even 4:3)."
,Recommended,247730,11296572,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,TiltedPanic,Don't trust anyone.
,Not Recommended,247730,10286904,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Not ScReAm,"I really didnt like this game. I had a friend tell me to get it, So i did to play with him. But the movment of your charictar is so unsmooth i guess. You hit invisable walls all the time. Its to anoying to play. Dont recomend the game."
,Not Recommended,247730,10304542,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,AppleJay,"Okay, before you read this review you should know that this is a game I have been waiting a very long time for and the excitement grew to a very large calibur. With that being said, let's begin.The Good ~Graphics - Entering a server for this game, waiting a few moments for the textures and objects to pop in, and then looking around will leave you stunned. The game's textures a very extraordinary, the meshes are amazing, and the lighting is superb. You look around and find these amazingly destroyed structures with light shafts shining through and shadows that work properly unlike any other game. The graphics in this game rival that of single player games, and this is a pseudo-mmo with up to 64 players at once, it is something to be unexpected in this genre.Variety - Scavenging through mounds of rubble and opening countless drawers opens the gates for mountains of variety. Whether it be food, water, guns, or melee weapons you will never be let down. From simple knives to gashing katanas, from F-Off Insect Repellent to Crunchy Benz corn chips. This game offers more than most in terms of vast variety. There is a huge number of enemies that the game offers. Ranging from giant brutes to little imp-like nether crawlers, even adding some flying scrapper-like things to make you fear the skies in certain areas.Organization - While some games, especially games with such large numbers of players, suffer from poorly designed menus and terrible interfaces, it's hard for me to say that with this game. Everything in the menus is properly spaced and the design isn't too intrusive. It allows for immersion among the highest degree as you don't feel impeded on by having so many things in the foreground at once.The Bad ~Exploration - Okay, I am going to lead off with this because it seems to be the most controversial, When the game first was released for early access, you had just one part of a city, since then they have essentially doubled the size of the map, adding this infested, marsh-like location. This was great at first but then I realized how dismembered the landscape is, there are pieces of ground floating above where it should be, adding about a three foot gap of terrible, see-through land, the waterways become a hassle to navigate around because they take up so much of the area, the buildings are mostly closed off, and the area is terribly optimized lowering frame rate by 10-15 frames in some locations. This can all be seen passed though because the game looks so great in the areas that are polished and if you have patience then you can move around the number of blocked off paths. In the newer version of the game, they added locked storage containers, ammo boxes, the like. I am going to assume that they have higher grade items but I wouldn't know because it wouldn't even let me open them regardless of the fact that I bought ten keys from the store, also when I got killed on sight I seem to have lost my keys so that also was a bummer because I paid real money for those, but that was sort of to be expected. The problem with these locked units is that they have replaced so many of the normal storage containers. I went up four different sky scrapers, entered countless buildings, and searched a number of run down defenses to find one crowbar and a shotgun barrel, oh but there were twenty locked units so it's okay.Gameplay - Now, the gameplay itself is rather simple. You have first person view and you are able to toggle between standing, crouching, and prone which is a staple of the First-Person Shooter genre. The problems stem from the game being unpolished. I can't count how many times I went to walk up a fire escape to find my character glitching through the railings and falling four to five stories to his death, or clipping against an object that would be so simple to walk over, yet I am not even allowed to jump over it and am forced to go around said object when I am being chased by countless enemies. There are problems with sprint not working when you press the shift key and crouch not sticking as well. The gameplay just needs to be touched up in order to make the experience worth-while.-~-~-~-~In conclusion, I can't say I recommend this game. I wanted to Love it so bad but the number of bugs and terrible designed updates just ruined the game for me and many others. In the state that it is in, avoid it like the plague. I really hope that these devs turn around and fix the mess that they created."
76561197979318098,Not Recommended,247730,11220265,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Galerios,"Lost my password last year and put in a password change request. The ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s still havn't sent me a renew password link. The game itself was fun, but customer service totally sucks. Don't waste your time or money buying this until they pull their heads out of their asses and provide better customer service."
,Not Recommended,247730,13174336,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Void,"Wander around a massive, empty environment and pick up litter.Experience the joy of the game crashing every 5, 10, 20 minutes, and every time you approach a shop.Amazing graphics that will bog down your gaming rig, and a stunning total of 5 - 6 monsters to fight.Have fun with friends as you exit a safe zone only to be murdered by another player with gear far superior to yours.And as always, enjoy the game crashing every 10 minutes.Absolute garbage; game's broken and the developers have jumped ship.Broken geometry everywhere, pointless clan system, and nothing resembling a goal to work towards.Courier packages you can never redeem for in-game cash, as shops crash the game 100% of the time.And an infantile community that came for the apocalypse and stayed for the pay-to-win PVP."
76561198004781790,Not Recommended,247730,11232484,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Owl A.I.,"Nether sets the mood for a post-apocalyptic wasteland with terrifying results, but this terror isn't the kind that sparks blood-pumping adrenaline or really any ""enjoyable"" feeling at all. Nether has a good theory behind the design, but the game's execution does not take into effect the inherent tendency of many gamers to grief, troll, or all around twist the gameplay mechanics to their liking. As a player of cut-throat PvP titles like DayZ and Rust, Nether's PvP system scares me. As a player entirely new to the game, dealing with dozens of blood-thirsty demons rampaging after you is enough. I'm sorry, but standing in a ""safe zone"" when the ""safety"" turns off and getting bludgeoned to death by a mob of trolling, crowbar-wielding noobs just shouldn't be a thing."
,Recommended,247730,10376665,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,MR_FOODPORN [185wins PUBG],Best Game ive ever played. Most difficult and rewarding. Cant stop. Addicting.
,Recommended,247730,13265263,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Tanoshi,"okay im gonna start of by saying this is a great game after it cashe's 6 times trying to log you in and select your player but after that its a really fun game and yeah i only have for hours and my midn may change blah blah blah... but nah i like games like this and this so far has been better then most survival games out there rust sucks dayz is getting a little better but still sucks 7days to die is still beating all  of them and then the deadlinger is in the middle but from all the bad reviews thats on this game is most likely are from player that belive in a easy pase game where they dont have to worry about being shot by a player while killing a nether or vise versa to me i like the challange whe im being attacked by a player and a nether creature i kill the player first casue he's the biggest threat then the nether but heres a list of pros and consPros:nice craft systemnice invitory systemrelly cool weaponsmoderate to tricky figting system wich i like alothas lot of diffrnet thing you can do like join a tribe kill the nether or escort ,etcalso if you get nether chosen you get the ability to become a nether creature wich is awesomethe pvp is great if you knwo its coming but most follow you from a distance and sneak up on you while your serching something (spoiler:use a large shield it defelcts dammage and only take 2-3 hits max to kill)i could keep the list going....cons:its a littl buggy and glithc while aming by walls and walking in water and swiminggood guns are a little tricky to find.coould have more weapons and clothing and accesorys and also armorand that about it for the consbut ide rate this game a 8.5/10"
76561198119585005,Not Recommended,247730,14039974,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Windy Comforters,Game was gr8 and i r8ed 8/8 but then the devs stopped working on it and its full of hackers now. Was fun while it lasted.
76561198013078299,Recommended,247730,10765790,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Anonymous Platypus,"Stop hating, let the devs work out the bugs and upgrade the servers. It's a decent game once you actually connect to a server."
76561198010821278,Recommended,247730,10748586,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Scarking,"START UP GAMETRY TO JOIN SERVERAFTER 10 FAILED ATTEMPTS I JOIN SERVERCAN'T DO ANYTHING, CNTRL ALT DELETE DOESNT WORK10/10 GAME OF THE YEAR"
,Not Recommended,247730,12737599,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Astro,You know a game is bad when the price drops as time progresses.
,Not Recommended,247730,10816279,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,TheSlider,"[EDIT] (please comment if you don't find this usefull)Today, after 6 months, the game didn't change at all from my previous and first atempts to play it except for one thing. The server browser now loads within a few seconds (oh and there are a few ""emotes"")... Well, that's a start.It is still very buggy with poor optimisation. The game still crashes randomly.Weapon and character movement still feel weird.You get stuck sometimes on edges and corners when you crouch which forces you to stand up.Enemy AI is non existent, you just turn around and punch them in the face with ease and in case you get hit, just walk to any nearby store, they get refilled quite often.No marks on the map to tell you who is where nor any way for you to take notes so you have to run around in safe zones to find what you need and remember it.The game feels boring after a couple of hours of hoarding items to your global inventory in the first safe camp. After that you start hunting other players because nobody reads the chat or want's to collaborate (unless you have a friend or two). They tend to shoot on sight anyway...Servers are limited to 60 players but i've rarely seen more than 30, and the map is huge ...When you kill something or open a container, you have about 60 seconds to collect everything so this means that sometimes half the loot will disapear in thin air (it takes between 2 to 4 seconds to collect each item).Well, at least the atmosphere is well done and the metro sections feel spooky. Kudos to that.Late-June 2014 :So much bugs. It randomly crashes after a while, the game takes ages to load the server list (10 full min the first time, 2 full min the next) (hi end gaming laptop that runs The Witcher just fine at max settings just for comparison), questionable game design decisions (game UI and menus, interactivity, markets, player names, keys ?!? ...), global emptyness due to static environments with lots and lots of buggy colision detection and god does this lag so much....Don't buy, even at discount. This still feels like an alpha release except you're paying full price. No, really, don't. If you're looking for a survival game, go back to the DayZ mod or check out ""Sir you are beeing hunted"" ...Check it out in a a few months and if you find comments to this post stating that all issues listed on the official forum were addressed as well as improvements to player communication (gestures for example), then maybe consider it again.All in all, the live action trailer is the only good thing about the game."
76561197995038114,Not Recommended,247730,10688848,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Spacemanspiff33,"Do not buy this game, do not even play the game if you get a guest pass. I bought the game way back when it was first placed on steam and was really looking forward to it. Here are a couple things that killed the game for me.The monsters teleport to you makes it so you can not run away.You start out with a kitchen knife and nothing else.You starve to death in a very small amount of time.When you die you loose all of your gear and XP.If you are lucky enough to find a weapon, do not fire it unless you are ontop of a building because every nether in the area is going to hear it and then you are S.O.L.If another player sees you outside of a safe zone, there is a 99.9% chance that they are going to attack you.There is an in game store that makes the game ""Pay to win""Still waiting for the PVE servers..."
76561198141336408,Not Recommended,247730,10686937,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,johnportiz1164,I have not been able to Login or get support for Login problem since I purchased game!
,Not Recommended,247730,10688818,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,m0rbs,"Game is not fun, very clunky, and more frustrating than anything.  Take your $15 and go buy dinner.  You'll enjoy it more than you'll enjoy Nether."
,Recommended,247730,10435558,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,DarkWolf,"Basically you spawn in a city, find a nice crowbar walk about two feet, see a shrieker, attack it. You spawn in a swamp, find a nice baseball bat then a nice machete, see a weird laser go to investigate. You spawn on top of a building look over the edge. You spawn in and rage quit. 10/10"
,Recommended,247730,11025124,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,~vh,"It is fun to play, better with friends. One hint: Don't search for an item drop spot or even the scort mission because there will be someone camping."
,Not Recommended,247730,10983296,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,McMinners,"Some advice for anyone thinking of buying this game, DON'T DO IT!I bought this game around launch with no major issues, the game was okay at best and had alot of bugs but at least it was somewhat playable. However, during the steam summer sale of this year a few of my friends decided to buy it as it was only around £2 and I agreed to give it another go as I had hoped the game would have improved in the 6 months or so since I played it last. One friend couldn't even log into the game as the patcher send him through a seemingly infinite process of trying to link the steam account to a nether account which is impossible. Me and my other two friends managed to get through without that problem but we were faced with a number of crashes and bugs which made it impossible to get into a server.Games as unplayable as NETHER shouldn't even be allowed to be on steam."
76561198044253370,Not Recommended,247730,10831929,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Voble,"Freezing simulator 2014 if you can get past the server list into the game you can get killed by hackers when you've been looting for hours and when you eventually rage quit it will freeze again, 11/10 IGN"
,Not Recommended,247730,11126657,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Cornelious Gupps,asdfghjkl
76561198072203309,Not Recommended,247730,11063546,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,LifeSuxTR,password reset is not working.
76561198096246638,Not Recommended,247730,10822832,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,THELEGEND27,"Horrible game, it took 4minutes to load server screen, and then when im finally in a server, i got to w8 3minutes to get out spectator mode. after all dat it was still not worth it. Plus u got to make an account for this game -_-"
,Recommended,247730,10863536,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Serpent1n3,Guy walked up to me in the middle of the city and called me the Shadow Warrior before giving me a Katana and running off screaming Katy Perry lyrics into his mic. 10/10.
,Not Recommended,247730,10825022,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,bobby dazzler,"what an abysmal piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥..I played this game in beta probably about a year ago the game was terrible then but seen as it was 'beta' I though well I see how it goes when it's fully released.Nope it's still the same piece of of moldy dog♥♥♥♥♥♥that has been smeared across a pavement.I'm guessing the playable character is some kind of hulk spin off cause I mananged in the short time I played to walk through serveral buildings, assets and even the bloody floor... I would go as far as saying that WarZ is actually probably a better game and that's saying something. There are loads more points about the game but quite frankly I can't be arsed typing them as I no longer want to think about this ♥♥♥♥ing terrible excuse of game.So just don't buy it (not even for £2 it's really not worth it)"
76561198012245658,Not Recommended,247730,10837410,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Mates,"Few games have been able to flawlessly provide a shockingly realistic depiction of a post apocalyptic world filled with tense survival moments, memorable vistas, fast and responsive gunplay, all while making sure to include even the smallest of details that make it feel as though this world was truly lived in. This isn't one of those games."
76561198005530292,Not Recommended,247730,11084410,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,doctorgreenthumb,"was promising but its turned out rubbish,"
,Not Recommended,247730,12981058,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Sgt.MorningWood,"never got to play it,,,"
,Not Recommended,247730,11072368,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,XFINITY,Really dude this game sucks. Do not buy this game.edit: still suckssecond edit: still sucks
76561198018183748,Not Recommended,247730,12017717,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Spadge,"Is this game incredible, or what?I don't mean that as a rhetorical question. Can anyone tell me if the game is actually any good? I can't get past trying to create an account to try and play the thing, as the servers seem to be about as reliable as a bus with a tank full of sugar and two wheels missing. That, and the creation page itself won't even allow me to backspace and erase information, so every typo I made resulted in an excruciating process of reentering all the information again that can be likened to major reconstructive dentistry without anaesthetic. Maybe the game itself makes up for the phenomenal cake and♥♥♥♥♥♥party that is this login system, but I really doubt it, unless it ends poverty in Africa and cures syphilis.TL;DR: Extra authentication system included is as much use as a marzipan dild0. Avoid."
,Not Recommended,247730,11713178,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Woodaye,"Dont do it, its a trap"
76561198103538565,Not Recommended,247730,14888708,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Bolton,"Hey all.Anyway, as you may have guessed, Nether is a survival game based in a post-apocalyptic city-scape. You've gotta scavenge for supplies and find weapons whilst encountering other players and AI that will attempt to rip your face off.THE POSITIVESOne thing that I thought was quite interesting was the stab at the Skill system; you fight creatures, scavenge, and do other objectives to gain skill points. These skill points go towards levelling your character in different aspects, improving them as a whole. However, when you die, you lose EVERYTHING; all your items, your skills, and your position. This is known as permadeath for those of you who don't know. This permadeath system is pretty handy as it stops people from being far too overpowered by keeping half of their gear, so yeah.THE NEGATIVESThe negatives outweigh the positives like Honey Boo-Boo on a see-saw with a Numidian slave boy. Firstly, the playerbase is exactly like DayZ's: kill first and try and be a decent player later. This is extremely annoying, as survival has always included working together, especially with humans. Here's a scenario for you. You're a fresh spawn with a kitchen knife, trying to find a packet of crisps or a water bottle to not die. And then, suddenly, a man kitted out with a backpack the size of David Cameron's forehead and half of the armaments of South Africa bursts around the corner of the gas station, and fills you with bullets. For what? I hear you ask.  Because he's a giant ♥♥♥♥♥♥ along with 99% of the playerbase.Secondly, the game's faction system is far-fetched and not necessary. With about 97 factions and no real support or incentive to join them, the time spent developing it could have been spent on something much more useful, for example, more firearms and a better loot-spawning system. These factions can take over territories within the map, which is about it.The HUD irritates me. If the game wants to be classed as a survival game, the HUD shouldn't necessarly be telling you exactly how much health you have, what your exact pulse is, or indicate the fact that eating chips stops you from dying of thirst. It's unnecessary. If they were trying to achieve their ultimate goal of copying DayZ, they would have used a minimal HUD to enhance the horror aspect of the game. They dun goofed.But yeah. I dislike this game and seriously regret buying it. If you really want a proper survival game, either get Stranded Deep, DayZ or the mod, The Forest, etc etc. There is so many more games you can get that are much better.TL;DR: This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Buy DayZ.Bolton."
76561198115374089,Not Recommended,247730,14984268,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,SkarabCZ,"Terrible game with incredible potential... Too sad. Don't buy it, please. I cannot recommend it for such a price... 1-4 EUR would be acceptable. Not so 10 EUR!The reasons why the game is bad (based on my 1 year long alfa/beta experience):- terrible servers- terrible optimization- insane graphic requirements to make the graphics bearable- very weird light effects and ugly nights (play it and you will see what I mean)- lack of story in a game where PvP sucks (first shooter wins... usually a camper)- game still looks like if it was in alfa or beta- tons of bugs- apparently a stupid engine used or stupid designers- low fps if I want to play with at least decent graphics (I have actually a good graphics card)- money-hungry devs (a new DLC released when the original game still sucks and has ton of bugs? Really?)On the other hand we should not forget some pro's too:+ nice frightening atmosphere+ nether monsters (enemies)+ quite good A.I. (considering how stupid the engine is), however sometimes limited by poorly designed environment (monsters get stuck in textures.. this holds true for players too). But the A.I. itself is good and believable+ guns+ underground metro+ urban environment (quite balsy to develop)+ it is hard to survive (you must eat/drink)I bought the game as alpha access and I don't regret that at all... I learned from my mistake and never bought early access or beta version access on Steam again. And I never will...The game looked so promising at the beginning... It was exactly what I wanted and longed for... A post-apocalyptic game set in a (ruined) city with survival elements and heavy atmosphere... However, the longer I played the game the more I realized Nether will never be finished.Devs decided to choose QUANTITY approach (new zones, new monsters, new guns) instead of QUALITY approach (better optimization, better graphics, better animations, better engine maybe, better playing experience). The result is something you can play today."
76561197983704843,Not Recommended,247730,10391209,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,OuCH,"This game has had all sorts of account issues - I have now had it for about 10 hours and still cannot get access to the game. I have tried solutions in the forum, but it is clear I am suffering from bugs the developers have been aware of (and have declined to address) for months. I will update this review if this gets fixed, but at this time I have paid $16 US for the privilege of getting nothing and spending hours of my time trying to fix something that seems almost intentionally broken."
76561198052574944,Not Recommended,247730,11523469,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,A U D A C I T Y 蒸気を吸い込みます,"Kinda like Day Z...in thats its nothing like Day Z and♥♥♥♥♥♥1/28This games like a rabid dog, it just needs to be put down."
,Not Recommended,247730,12297112,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Vayne,I waited 3 hours for this to download and I cant even play it
76561198050933311,Not Recommended,247730,12280333,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,[XIII] Primeozzy,nether is so bad i bought  this game and is takes forever to verifi through steam but still have not played
76561198147823146,Not Recommended,247730,12305337,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Kyoteij30,came back to write a review about how bad this game is.....Realized i already did....still sucks btw.
,Not Recommended,247730,12270240,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Zombie Zeen,if you forget your password you'll never be able to play the game again. There recovery system is one a third grader would make.
,Not Recommended,247730,12306621,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,+REBEL+,i can't even log in to play it ..... linking account issues i guess.... waste of money
76561198131736346,Not Recommended,247730,12308991,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Reindron,"It doesn't work for me. I made a nether account and when I try to sign in it asks me if I want to link it to my steam account and I click ""YES"" then it begins to load up the game but then it asks the same question again, hit ""YES"". Cycle repeats."
,Not Recommended,247730,12322481,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Kajet,"Will restore your faith in humanity like Day Z, which is to say every player I've met is a shitbag.Edit: I've heard rumors of PvE servers, which would fix SOME issues I have with this game but it's just rumors, which is a pity because this looks like it COULD be a good game, if everyone who played it wasn't out for your blood al the time."
76561198037003125,Not Recommended,247730,12322842,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Silver,"I can say that Nether is a game that had great potential but rolled out well before its time. The Devs were too greedy and instead of having an amazing end product, you have a bug ridden world that doesn't promote anything fun and welcomes hackers. The most fun i had in this game was the exploration - hidding with my rifles in the tall grass avoiding other players. Searching for loot that would potentially keep me alive. But in the end, we all die and the frustrating part is to start all the way over losing all your gear. To buy new gear you can spend ""gold"" which is obtained via your credit card. Its the easiest way of getting the best gear - or you just spend the in game money (which you would lose 45% of it upon your death...). After sinking a bunch of personal money into the game, they revamped the inventory system causing me to lose my gear. All my money that was put into the game was for nothing. Maybe I'm a bit to bitter, but there definately isn't enough depth in this game to make me forgive the loss and I'm honestly not willing to spend anymore time with the game unless there are some major, major improvements."
,Not Recommended,247730,12307012,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,XBallZak,"I've had this game for almost 3 months and it still wont link my acount. We may need to do others first is what the said every time and thats some bull♥♥♥♥♥♥so they can go suck my♥♥♥♥♥becuase i didnt only buy the game, but i got the chosen addition so the developers of the game need to go and fix this problem becuase everyone has it"
,Not Recommended,247730,12271575,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Jamurai Sack,"Damn shame of a title, so much hype and promise.And they let monsters overrun the tutorial section of the world.-10/10"
,Not Recommended,247730,12291574,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Betawolf63,The game looked wonderful but needs a lot of work before i consider playing it ever again.
,Recommended,247730,21093324,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Splitmind54,"First off, I don't quite get why this game is so loathed by the community.I'm loving it so far. Sure, the environments are a bit bland but the game is still being worked on. From what I've heard, the developers regained control of their product and made it better than it was before. They removed all of the P2W elements which is honestly a great thing because the game no longer feels like it's ripping you off.I like that it's such a unique take on the survival genre. It's all in first person and it's tense as Hell!If you like First person shooters and the idea of a first person survival game appeals to you, give it a shot.P.S. It's also really eerie. Especially when you hear a Nether screeching while you're exploring, and you don't know where it's coming from. Haha."
,Not Recommended,247730,11125235,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Mhykael,"I have 2.3 hours on record for this game and not 1 minute in a Server. After loading teh game on Steam, registering on the Games Website, loading steam again, then downloading the game from the company website then trying to load in Steam AGAIN! I was able to finally get the server browser up. Everytime I pick a server, ANY server. It logs me in to the server then immediately kicks me back out into the server browser window. I paid $8 for the game and I regret it. Don't buy it."
76561198062990376,Not Recommended,247730,20901796,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Seriphim,Terrible game. This game is as fun as DayZ. I cannot recommend this game even if they were paying you to play it.
76561198064129976,Recommended,247730,20063560,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Left Shark,"Everybody is saying the game is ""bad"" but I like it alot, it has some bugs but they are not gamebreaking. It is really fun with friends and if you have no friends, no problem! It's also fun to play on your own, or join a Tribe. I think the game is awesome!"
,Recommended,247730,18901130,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,noniak,Still need alot of work to it like the map and maybe some bugs have not really found any but the map does need worked on but other then that it not bad of a game
,Not Recommended,247730,14155570,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Joedeadrun,Just another abandoned game. Don't waste your money on this.Now with a revision of the game! But is still completely broken and a giant mess.
76561198023740151,Not Recommended,247730,20575202,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,LongDongHomie209,Wasted money...Cant play the game and you have to sign into a stupid email thingy because it cant just use the steam profiles
,Not Recommended,247730,20899310,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Carter,"This game is bad and dead. Don't even bother buying it, developers didn't change a thing since launch. Don't waste your money on it."
76561198086975962,Not Recommended,247730,20907214,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Yeet,this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥and boring
76561198022226701,Not Recommended,247730,12228705,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,SaintAngel,"Cant even start the damn game. Dont buy at all, I want my damn money back!"
76561198034333276,Not Recommended,247730,20555492,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Brotos,"--UPDATE May 24 2016--I posted a hopeful and honest review previously. With the original company coming back and promising a rework, I was very hopeful for the game.That being said, these guys haven't touched this PIECE OF GARBAGE since my original review. There are no updates, nothing. I think they made the announcement to make additional profit before this game fully dies.DO NOT BUY, you were warned.--Previous Review Jan 16 2016--There is a huge split between Positives and Negatives and I understand both sides.Here's my ""neutral"" review. I want people to give this a chance, but I will thumb this down because I can't really say this is a game yet.Pros:Interesting conceptNot a purely player driven entertainment (no fun without players ex: dayz)Cons:buggyminimal contentvery little player basegraphics quality is mediocreDetails:Here's the jist on why this game is being thumbed down to all hell by some people. This game was contracted out to Phosphor games and then when their contract finished, taken over by another group. The game, once out of Phosphor game's grasps, changed to a microtransaction based pay to win game.And other people highly recommend this game as the original devs have taken over, took out all the progress and mistakes the other company did, and are looking to develop it all over again.I applaud the original devs for doing this and I hope this game goes well.I purchased this game for $1.00, on sale, as I had wanted to play this game for so long.The game, at its current state, is not much at all.The game is playable, but very buggy. You may not be able to walk over things crouched, get stuck on corners of buildings, mobs may jitter around, mobs may get stuck...etc. However, it is still playable.The game has very little content. The map is large, but at the base level the game is: deliver a package, escort a deliverer, defend a safe zone (it's actually defend yourself until you fix the anti nether machines). Killing mobs/nethers and killing other players, I did not include as content as these are things that you do anyways.Additionally, as the game looks very underdeveloped and there is such little content, there are not many people on. There are about 20 servers total with none of them being full most of the time.That being said, I find Nether to be fun and really just the main thing being that it has little content. If content can be added, this game would be quite fun.Though limited, the forms of combat and approach to exploring the cities are great. Sneaking is a real thing and you can level up your efficiency of stealth by leveling.Each Nether/mob is different and must be combated differently. Due to this, they are actual real threats and players must not only be cautious. but smart. This offers an additional entertainment value besides player killing. This also promotes cooperation as purely pvping is not always the best.As mentioned before, this offers entertainment based not purely on other players. You can play this game solo and still enjoy it. Such games like DayZ require you to have other players to enjoy it, as it is a garbage game. (It's not even a sandbox, it's just an environment with players).What I would like to see:trapsdiversity of building layoutsmore exploration of buildings, inside houses, different floors to buildingsmore items and craftingmore variety of nethers/mobsroof top access to buildings."
76561198033015285,Recommended,247730,9708617,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,bhvh911,Needs a 32 Bit- Operating Setting...
,Not Recommended,247730,11551163,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,ammonh,Unbalanced and unstable.
,Not Recommended,247730,16315640,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Shinuz,"Good graphics, nice atmosphere but it ends there, the original devs have abandoned the game, don't buy this game unless you want to try the new steam refund option."
,Not Recommended,247730,16433257,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,kilrath81,The game is a horrible hacker fest. The new♥♥♥♥♥♥they added actually hurt the game play more... With the stupid p2w the game should be F2P
,Not Recommended,247730,14319196,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,drew2319,"Here's a real, non-fiction account of my time playing Nether.Spawned in for the first time since a year ago.Did tutorial missions until I got a can gun.Killed a few Crawlers with can gun, was proud of myself.Safezone defences failed.Was promptly killed by horde of crawlers and giant-armed thing.Life 2: Spawned in-world, safezone still not safe. Was stuck with knife. Lost 200 health trying to swim by holding space. Wandered for 10 minutes. Attacked by horde, jumped in water, lost another 200 health in the swim. Found a store full (not really) of energy drinks, candy bars, and the jackpot, a shovel. Left store, three minutes later machine gunned down by a player. He took my cash, all 40$ of it, and nothing else.Do I recommend this game? No. Would I if PVP was disabled and safe zones STAYED SAFE? Yes. As it is, dying from trying to swim, dying from ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ players with machine guns, and dying from being armed only with a butter knife? No, not at ALL>"
76561198044917795,Not Recommended,247730,33801512,Posted: 25 July,all,Pale Caesar,"I think I just hate these PvP survival games. They're never fun; primarily because there is no incentive for someone to not shoot and kill you upon contact, so they will do it all the time. That means if you don't enter one of these games with a handful of friends, you're never going to get the full experience of being part of a team.This game is no different. It's apparently an abandoned game now. I wouldn't know, because I abandoned it quite some time ago.Unless you want to treat it like a COD deathmatch, just pass on this game."
,Not Recommended,247730,10733748,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Trash Panda,"Don,t Buy this Game ITS SCAM GAME NEVER WORK"
,Not Recommended,247730,16157210,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,=PB= NPException,"This game is dead, and no longer maintained by the developers. A moderator on their forum even suggests reporting this game as broken, so that people wont waste their money by buying a non functioning game.Here's the link to the forum:https://forums.playnether.com/showthread.php?11785-To-All-You-Nether-PlayersQuote:""To All You Nether PlayersI'm supremely sorry at how nether's fallen apart, but honestly it's been going that way for a long time.I'd suggest being very careful if you really want to continue playing nether, as it's come to my attention that if you pickup items that a hacker drops, it could cause you to get a vac ban on your account. As steam almost universally stonewalls any attempts to appeal a vac ban, and the people in charge of nether now are barely custodians it seems, there's really no chance of getting any help in case this happens.EDIT: I also suggest that you report nether on it's steam page as being broken, as the multitude of installation errors, play errors, crashes, and non-working servers, in their own right deserve to be reported. Hopefully we can get nether taken down once and for all, and save any more people from losing either money or their clean status on steam."""
,Not Recommended,247730,16779764,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Ice QP,pay2win
,Recommended,247730,10179658,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Blitz.,"A lot of people compare this game to Dayz.This game is much more difficult. Monsters are not easy to evade and you must fight them to survive. Theres no escape.. This makes you think twice if you wanna go out in the open making noise like stupid or go stealth all the time crouching (what you're supposed to)..Yes its easier to get stuff and guns in Nether than in Dayz, but ive faith that it will be more challenging as the game develops a much bigger map.The only way to keep your weapons is with the global inventory. This is a downside imo because it takes away all the realism as you dont have to worry too much for your gear.. This makes it more forgiving but doesnt mean its a really bad thing.Graphics are not top notch but they are really good.. in fact i think the post apocalyptic world is way better than Dayz's.You see broken streets, grown trees, collapsed buildings, smoke columns and lots of other stuff.Weapons sound cool and monsters can make you jump from time to time with their screams.All and all this is a great game and you should try it and support!8/10"
,Not Recommended,247730,26288605,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Illfiger,Legit looks like a game I made in Unity with a free post-apocalyptic pack I got from the Assets Store. Glad I bought it on sale for $2 as it's not worth the full price at this moment in time.
,Not Recommended,247730,10966241,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Doro,I bought it from the Summer Sale at a very good price but I regret it.Starts off with a real annoying account creation and you have to login every time you run it.Btw. Still can't say anything about graphics and gameplay 'cause the game freezes at the servers list and I have to close it through task manager. Sucks!
,Not Recommended,247730,10700435,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,┌∩┐(◣_◢)┌∩┐,this game is not woth 15$
,Not Recommended,247730,13709890,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Jackal,NEVER PLAY NETHER EVER!!IT DOENT WORK I WAS STUPID AND BOUGHT THY GAME!!ARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
,Not Recommended,247730,23995833,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,LEPRE,"The best time of my life was when I deleted this game from my computer. Don't spend your money in this game. If someone tells you that this game is fun, please kick his nuts."
76561198029249682,Not Recommended,247730,22107375,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Loner,Abandoned game
,Not Recommended,247730,11442512,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Narcotic_Malkavian,"This game had/has so much promise and the devs seem to ♥♥♥♥ it all up with their stupid♥♥♥♥♥updates......***update review***News flash dumbass devs add DLC to broken♥♥♥♥♥game.Speaking of Stupid♥♥♥♥♥updates the retard devs put last man standing in this game for some unknown reason I am the most serious I have ever been Devs what the total ♥♥♥♥ is wrong with you I mean seriously.  Hello it was already a pvp game you say pvpve but that is a joke and you put another pvp type thing in it you are so.....I cannot think of a word that describes how utterly stupid you are I wish I could make a word up to sum it up.Ok sorry for that now for the serious review.First off I have had fun playing....at times.....mostly.....When you get to the point in the game where your comfortable in getting around and understand the layout of the city and how to get weapons its an ok game just ok not awesomely great super game, or phenomenally addictive, just ok well slightly ok, maybe a little under ok.Secondly the devs of this game seem to me to have no ♥♥♥♥ing clue what to do with their game.  Oh well we want pvepvp to mesh. Well wouldn't that be ♥♥♥♥ing great except for the fact that its just a giant pvp death match with monsters thrown in. GG.  I mean I don't mind pvp but you put things in this game for people to work together on and thats pretty much all there is to do in the game aside from running damn cardboard boxes from one safe haven to the next praying that your delivery zone doesn't get attacked by nether......because it does....all the time....then your carrying around 50 ♥♥♥♥ing lbs of♥♥♥♥♥♥and wondering what to do for an hour so it fixes itself.  Cause if you go into that town and try to fix the nether repelling machines yourself you will get♥♥♥♥♥raped by the too many ♥♥♥♥ing nether in there or some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who went there also, yep thats cooperation right there im talking to you mother♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who shoots when people are trying to fix the nether machines.  That is not survival that is annoying as hell. All of the implemented things in this game to do is designed for co-op and people avoid them like the plague because they go to have fun and get stabbed/shot in the back by some sadistic ♥♥♥♥ waste.  So heres the things you will find yourself actually doing in this game as of now.1. Getting shot when you spawn and all you have is a butter knife<--no joke there. The fix for this?  Log into an almost empty server that's what every one says to do.  My point in bringing that up?  If you log into an empty/almost empty server to avoid the other people playing your failing at MP and should have just made it a single player game and that's just sad, but you will have ""veteran players"" use logic, rage, and anything else they can pull outta their♥♥♥♥♥♥to defend this..... 40 hours is enough to see this game is not really all that fun and quickly loses its new game sparkle.  I can log in and max level my toon/avatar/clone in like 30 minutes and I have killed over 500 nether and only 1 player and that was because he was stabbing me in the back while I was trying to fix nether machines, I killed him waited next to his stuff so he could come back to get them before they despawned and asked him why he attacked me? His answer? I scared him....THE ♥♥♥♥?  He scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta me I didn't even see him even if I had I would have left him alone not because I am a nice person but because you don't have to shoot them just because they are standing there. Oh well as you can figure out yourself it should take a new player that's decent at fps maybe 10-15 hours(maybe less maybe more) to figure this game out and the rest of the time your bored with lack of content and avoiding other people.2. avoiding anything that looks like fun because some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ also thought it would be fun and saw you and instead of helping kill the nether reaper he shoots you then dies himself while screaming this is survival because he is a waste of life.3. Running carboard boxes that weigh more the hulks green testicles from one town to another to get money<---which btw is what is recommended by the same people who go around killing everyone because they are bored with this boring game but say its an awesome game anyway.4. deciding that the co-op stuff like nether reapers and fixing nether machines and escort mission sounds fun, go to do it and just end up getting shot because your taught in this game from the forums/community that anything put into this game other than shooting each other and hauling heavy♥♥♥♥♥boxes should be avoided.Also Phosphor where the hell is my nether gold that was lost due to your buggy programming at?  I have emailed you 3 times over this and you contact me then never do anything about it?5. Logging in and hiding in a corner/rooftop/town entrance to shoot random people because you have no life and have ruined all the other fun things in this game as few things that are ""fun"" exist.To be honest they had a great game here a wonderful game and they ♥♥♥♥ed it up because they are more concerned with their cosmetic store and having a million stupid emotes that cost nether gold...my God those emotes are ♥♥♥♥ing stupid and not needed but thats what they worked so hard on.  Not that you have to buy them oh no you have 3 free ones that are also stupid and not needed because no one will see your emote, you will be shot before you finish it.  Even though every useful item in the game is able to be bought with in game money..they focus so hard on the items that can be bought with nether gold and do little else to help their failing game.Don't let this game fool you into thinking it is a finished product even though they released it as such it should be in early access still but phosphor is full of greedy gits and they wanted to make money by taking it out of early access so steam would put it on the front page so they could make some more money....hell the entire city isn't even finished only 2 areas is accessible, you still clip through the floor and hills float on top of piles of rocks and buildings, added a dirk bike<---why? thats broken and some kind of carish thing<---also broken and have yet to patch it because we needed emotes and a uncle sams hat for the 4th<---to be fair only cost 1 dollar.Tribes are a joke they were put into the game to enourage team play and lessen the kos and pvp but it doesn't work I have been shot and killed more times by my tribesmates than any other thing in this game and they still steal your items and say they despawned.Save your money. Just save it Don't buy rust<--I also own it and the devs of it doesn't know what the hell they want their game to be either and it's community is just as toxic as this one.  Dayz is just boring as hell, and the graphics engine is more broken that an old mans thigh bone after falling down 3 flights of steps.<---also owned.  Just avoid all early access ""survival"" games nether included because its still early access. No matter what phosphor says this game is unfinished piece of boring crap.If you must buy a ""survival"" game please go to the forums and read heavily what the community says.  Look at the devs and how much they push out updates you will see all of them pretty much suck like dayz, rust, and of course this turd nether"
,Not Recommended,247730,15657226,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,SythenixDelta,Complete abandonment. Don't buy this game. At least it was fun a year ago.
76561198105190841,Recommended,247730,9508952,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,unknown2meh,"Its fun to play with friends definitely, and once you get used to the challenge and dying you enjoy it alot. it has a HUGE map to explore and lots of in game events."
,Recommended,247730,9467195,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,mute-,"Before I begin it is necessary to reiterate that this game is NOT complete yet. If you don't have the patience to allow the devs time to fix things as they go, don't bother. No one wants to hear you complaining about an unfinished game being unfinished anyways. The vehicles are glitchy, there are some keymapping/control issues though relatively small, the in game mic system is pretty poor, etc.Now, this game is great, but not for the faint of heart. You will die, you will have to start from scratch. This will happen to you over and over and over. The good news is you have a decent amount of permanent storage to save gear, there is now an account leveling system that keeps you from starting completely at 0, and once you get the hang of the game you'll find that leveling and earning gold is relatively easy. As of now the one down side would be staying entertained, the good news is this is one of very few games where you can tell the devs are actually regularly and steadily adding features, fixing bugs, and making the game better.You can group with friends to hunt other members in game (be assured everyone you don't know IS hunting you) it is rare to run across a friendly face outside of a safe zone, but you will learn to be stealthy as well as how to defend yourself quickly. You can battle boss nethers, run packages, fix safe zones, gather gear at loot drops, etc. No playing experience will be the same twice. I highly recommend this game, especially seeing as we have good indicators that this game is only going to get better and better as the devs continue their work!"
76561197992924514,Recommended,247730,10720351,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,WeihGuy,"Although Nether is advertised as a survival game, surviving on your own is no problem at all. Unlike a other survival games where you can die from natural causes and build bases, Nether feels more like a giant deathmatch where you scavenge for weapons and equipment. The only survival you will have to do is to fight off players and the alien nether alike. I find this to be a great game for players who are looking for fast, intense action and who aren't interested base building or always worrying about their nutrition meter.The atmosphere of the game is amazing. The models themselves are not the most realistic, but they fit really well together to make for an awesome map. There are points of interest in the map, but every part of the map has loot in it and the possibility of generating missions so that you'll want to keep exploring. The map is relatively small which makes for frequent player encounters (every 20 or so minutes) on medium populated servers and make most areas a worthy destination. However, if you prefer to be alone, you can always join a server with few people to scavenge more easily.Another big factor to the atmosphere are the alien nether who are NOT zombies for once. There are various types of nether and those types have different abilities and tiers that make them tougher than the base type. They each have a teleportation ability in common that makes them especially dangerous since they can appear anywhere around you. This is not instant though, the nether has to travel before reappearing so it is possible to outrun them, but very hard due to stamina being too small unless you carry energy items. A pack of nether can make for a challenging experience if you are ill-equipped. Once you have obtained a few weapons, they can be dispatched easily, but doing so with guns will result in nearby players and nether being attracted to you (remember what I said about the map being relatively small?). They almost always make a fun encounter especially in missions where their number and variety increases.To kill off your opponents, you use an arsenal of 1 primary, 1 secondary and 1 melee weapon. There are quite a few weapons in nether, but not enough if you ask me and unfortunatly you can't modify any of them with attachments. These weapons are all very hard to use with high recoil and aim sway which mixed with a bad healing system (just hold the use key for the item for 3 seconds and instantly heal) can make long range kills very hard without the perfect timing or a combined firepower of another teammate. This can be good in the way that you have a chance to run away, fire fights are longer, but the healing system needs to change because someone behind cover can just keep using all their healing items at their disposal with no penalty. There are NO PAY-TO-WIN items in this game. I don't know where people get this notion since there aren't even any guns for sale on the market and everything else can be bought with in-game currency.There is a level system in Nether that makes dying something you want to avoid which in turn makes it worth while to fight for survival. It takes about 30 minutes to get all the skills you want from the skill tree and one hour to reach max level, but you lose this progress on death. These skills can grant you gun damage, health, backstabbing with melee weapons, etc. There is also a secondary leveling system that is persisten even after your character's death. These account bonuses grant you smaller stats, but are still very welcomed.Furthermore, to kill off enemies you will prefer to be in a team. Teams are mostly made between tribes (or randomly) inside the safezone and everyone else you encounter on the map is generally hostile. But it isn't as bad people make it out to be. In many situations, I tried voice chatting that I am friendly, waving hello, or helping someone fight a pack of nether which usually worked for me. Maybe I'm lucky, but most people will not shoot if they see you've spared their lives somehow or helped them fight off whatever was attacking them. Even when you do get killed, the relative fast pace of the game makes it so you can get decent gear quickly. To promote teamwork, the devs have made randomly generated missions such as defending safezones from nether, killing off a boss nether and added tribes that work together to capture territory for interesting bonuses. There is the occasional♥♥♥♥♥that will refuse to play nice and kill you while you are trying to rescue the safe zone, but it's to be expected. Don't blindly trust people when you are sporting all your best gear too.You don't carry most of the loot you find on you, there is a small stash where you can put the most valuable loot in and a market where you can buy minor healing or nutrition items for cheap with cash that is mostly earned by doing escort missions, killing players or looting.There are a few bugs in the game, but it is getting better and the 2 patches this month have been geared towards preventing hacking. I myself have only encountered 1 hacker during my playtime. Recently, the devs did a great job of adding new landmarks in the map, changing loot disposition, increasing team play rewards and increasing the toughness of nether and giving each territory a unique bonus. Hopefully they keep at it and steer the game into something even more enjoyable.Oh yea did I mention you can play as a nether and troll people?"
76561198051895139,Not Recommended,247730,10004766,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,igloosfolly,Wait for them to clean it up or go broke .
,Recommended,247730,10083937,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,↔Life In VR↔,People are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥but thats the joy of the whole game. its a lot of fun meeting people and taking their stuff
,Not Recommended,247730,9495195,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,✪ Jerrbearr,yeah no..... lancher dosent install save your money
76561198022481389,Not Recommended,247730,10706934,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Lapinator,WORST GAME EVEREven WarZ (Infestation S.S.) is better than this sh*t
,Recommended,247730,8867036,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Lowie,"I'm going to be honest, this game is nothing you havent seen already in games like WarZ, DayZ, among others. So what makes me come back(and you can the time I spent playing it which is something already)? Many things really but If I have to chose only one... I'lll choose pressure. When I enter the game, I feel an incredible amount of pressure, adrenaline, excitement. Why is this? Because these Nether creatures are deadly. These are no zombies which can be killed with a a hit or a shot. You got to be extremely careful and belive me, in this game is very comun to be kill by it's monsters. There are several types of Nether and each one has it's tactics, powers, caracteristics, etc.But this is just one side. On the other one we have the players. Now, this game is full PVP, but I found some conforting in this small comunity. Sure most of the players kill everyone on sight, but in this game, you actually socialize more then I ever did in other games like this. You have groups now which is great, and doing missions with other people is amazing.Now lets talk about the map shall we? It's small. Very small.... for now! For now because we only have access to like 15% off the full map. And the full map looks huge!! hehe. But the fact that the map is small right now, it does not bother me. On the contrary! This is what gives me such excitement! Being in a small map with other players and Nether creatures! And this isnt open land. This is full city! +1 point to the excitement stuff. Everything happens in a city and you have to survive in a city. You don't need to walk 92387592874528518451 miles to meet another player or important locations, you are in the important location. There's no resting, you need to pay attention to everything.We also have diffrent types of missions. Like escorting people, delivering packages to other outposts, repairing the Anti-Nether devices at the lakeside outpost. And I'm sure we are getting more soon! =D My favorite is the package delivery. It's the best way to make money in this game, and I mean ALOT of money if you deliver it in the right place. But this gives me even more adreneline and excitement. It reminds me of the times I played silkroad online back in the day when I did some trades from city to city and you had to hire people(real players) to protect you from thieves(Real players too), and this revival of memories while I'm doing these jobs, it's the cherry on top for me.Has for the developers, I don't know them or anything but with what I've seen so far, I'm really happy with these guys. They are diffrent, they feel diffrent. They listen to the comunity, they make this game better, and they are really quick. I think they are great.If you like what I wrote and are an excitement junckie like meeeaaaii then I would love if you tried this game. You deserve it.If you don't like what I wrote, no worries. I love you anyway and I want you to play this game.If you like this kind of games, what are you waiting for? The next ""walking simulator"" patch? (a.k.a. DayZ)If this is something you never played before, there's always a faaaahhhrrriiisssst timmeeee.If you don't feel or don't like the game, re-read review. Repeat this step if the problem still occurs.If you have no money... hmm...... go work for the local pizzaria and deliver a few pizzas. Perform some kind of minishow to get tips when you deliver it and the go home and buy this one."
76561198135911869,Recommended,247730,10375048,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Dookie Lasagna,Mailman simulator 2014
76561198003055054,Not Recommended,247730,9489704,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Fr✽stTorpid,"its pretty good, BUT, the immature ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that kill everyone they see ruin the whole game. they think its a ""shoot on sight"" game when clearly, its about survival, and survival doesnt mean killing other people for nothing. to me, survival is working together with other players against the creatures out there, helping eachother.you collect so much stuff, go through so much, then out of nowhere ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s kill you just like that, not only that but after they kill you they're being so unbelievable immature. probably a bunch of teenagers thinking its cod or cs or something like that.dont buy this game unless you want to die every 15 minutes by ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who dont have lives."
,Not Recommended,247730,10713844,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Jaster,"literally the worst piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥i ever bought, 2/10"
,Not Recommended,247730,16723925,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,TraceTheKitteh,"had potential. potential ran straight into the ground when they introduced premium into a game where you had to buy it in the first place, then added microtransactions on crack, so only the people willing to spend the money got the good guns and gear. p2w on a 10 dollar base game (i got it for 20-25 because that was the price during EA, they changed it to look ""better"" for them.)."
76561198043187221,Recommended,247730,18929086,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,CurvingFyre,"I almost want to spam these to drown out the outdated bad reviews. The original devs are back, here to save us all from freemium micro-transactions, and come down hard on hackers (hopefuly). I look forward to seeing this undiscovered gem ressurected, and restored to its place of glory. That being said, I WILL miss some of the more hilarious and useful glitches, that in case any were missed, will remain un-named. Sorry devs! Best of luck.BUY THIS GAME, ITS SUCH A BARGAIN."
,Not Recommended,247730,29983994,Posted: 17 February,all,✪ Spartan195,"Muuuy muuy malo, fue bueno al principio"
,Not Recommended,247730,29702817,Posted: 4 February,all,Princessjemkat,"Just another game the devs abandoned. Mostly mutants.. or monsters, good luck finding a weapon.Players should be AUTOMATICALLY refunded if devs do not update at least every 3 months. This could potentially steer devs away from cash farming.Don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,247730,10830523,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Brαи∂⊙nnn✔,"Worst game I've ever played. It's like WarZ but then even worse, played it for 1 hour. When I played it I felt like I was playing an Alpha version of the game.- In the game-world you can just walk through almost all props, also walk through alot of fences/walls.- Some monsters are bugged and stuck on walls of buildings.- When you start-up the game you have to wait 5 minutes before it's finished loading, otherwise the game will crash..- Sometimes you walk a feet under the ground.There are probably more bugs/glitches, but these are the ones I remembered, and I only played 1 hour.Really unbelievable this game has been released on steam, should be removed.DON'T BUY!"
76561197999464699,Not Recommended,247730,11122765,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Toi Toi,"I always wanted ""The Server List Simulator""!!! With this ""game"", my dreams came true. I must say, it was the best way to spend money, ever!!! Who needs 3D FPS survival MMO, when you can have 2D THE LIST OF SERVERS DUUUUUUUUUUUDE!? Hour and a half in the game and yet I didnt see the game or freaking options......at all! I say, it was some good spend quality time man. All hail the developers for this excellent Masterpiece! So take it and stick it right up to your ars*.......Where it belongs anyway.YOU WANT THIS FOLKS!!! YOU WANT THIS (S)HIT BAAAAAAAAD!!!"
,Not Recommended,247730,10958863,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,emorn,tHIS Game eats my ♥♥♥♥ to muny hakerz i no lyke it
,Not Recommended,247730,10984453,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Drigo,"Nether tries to convince you that its different, that it took the lessons other games had to offer, and fixed main issues.Nether would also have you believe that the game is action packed, and filled with many things to do.Nether is a liar.During all my time playing the game, I hadn't encountered a single player, or a single Nether. The game was constantly skipping, and the visuals looked very subpar.There was countless bugs and glitches, one where I would constantly crash on the server menu. It had a few neat ideas, but it fell flat on its face.Absolutely not worth the price it is now."
,Recommended,247730,32934744,Posted: 28 June,all,ａｅｓｔｈｅｔｉｃ Flat chest,"I really liked this game in the beginning , it was soo much fun to gro out with your squad hunt down some player or enemys , try finding some loot. But in my opinion the game is only dying because so many people dont even give the game a chance they only see uh another survival game it has to be bad , thats why the game is dying . I personaly enjoyed the game very much and i would still play it when i would find people to play with :)"
,Not Recommended,247730,11527818,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Triplelift,trash
,Not Recommended,247730,11734652,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Dalian✞,"I can honestly say I believe this game is a garbage heap.In the early release stages it was good, needed improvement, they started taking it in the right direction and then went SO far off course they crashed off a cliff and now they keep rolling around a mangled carcass hoping to revive it.The player base plummeted / servers died off so fast, going from 50 servers that hold 64 players to maybe 10-15 servers with 10 players (at most) on at any given time.The ""nether"" monsters, teleport and have been given over-powered strength so almost no gun will take them down if you're not level'd up, but how can you do that when everyone is ""seer"" hacking or whatever where they KNOW where you are so they come to kill you.I had a player kill me 4-5 times in a row at various points in the map after respawning while in remotely empty barren locations far far away from the last. Speed hacking is also a huge issue.I can not ever reccomend this game to anyone unless a complete over-haul is done and even then it's  VERY unlikely I'll ever play this again, 0/5 rating to what used to be a 2.5-3 at most in my opinion."
76561198004473620,Not Recommended,247730,10379818,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,((nWo)) Maniac Cop,"This game, as it currently stands, is a waste of time and money. The monsters are too damn easy to beat when you go one on one but one on five is a bit much. The amount of greifeing jerks on this game is enough to make you sick. The graphics look pretty and very nice but do not let them fool you into thinking that this game is anything like pictures and trailers that it has up. I honestly think that this game has great potential but it needs some drastic changes to its mechanics. Especially colission detection. Oh and not to mention, the leveling system and the scavaging system SUCKS beyond all reason. You die, you go to level 0. WHO THE HELL DOES THAT IN A GAME? The diversity to characters are crappy at best and if you really want to ""have fun"" Then you are urged, like a money drone, to buy the game with the chosen or believer bonuses. Which in my opinion is a grand waste of money that could be spent on games that are being more thuroughly developed. This game feels old and clunky at times. Also, the skeletons and items you find in the game look bigger than any human being I have seen. It is stupid and needs to be fixed. Id recommend that the scavaging system be hammered out to being so much more specific and grandios. Like Rust or The Forest. Perhaps that would make the game that much better."
,Not Recommended,247730,10397294,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,XxX_$$$GanG$t3r,"If your way of having fun is getting killed by lots of lag and about 20 nether, this game will give you a boner"
,Not Recommended,247730,15391874,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Noah,You will get burned out of this game really fast.
76561198084409536,Not Recommended,247730,14197967,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Get Cucked Mother Cucker😌,this sucks DONT BUY THIS :(
,Not Recommended,247730,16999921,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Sloth,"Abandoned by devs, dont waste your money."
,Not Recommended,247730,17058392,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,malespecimen,"""Nether"" buy it"
,Recommended,247730,12279449,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,F3ltup | Twitch,Extremely Promising. But needs a heck of a lot of updates.
,Not Recommended,247730,12311269,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,:| Fair Wind |:,This game why i can't play this game. Who want to play this. I Think you play DayZ better this game.
,Not Recommended,247730,12311599,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,keysersoze,"The awesome screenshots conned me and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of other people...but please not you too! Don't be fooled, it truly sucks. Left Early Access quietly because it's rubbish!"
76561198107222594,Not Recommended,247730,12334299,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Kiid_Country210,I did not pay for this game just to NOT play IT steam! Do what you need to do and FIX THIS Otherwise send my my money back and then some!
,Recommended,247730,19367485,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Regiseal,"Now that the original creators have control over the game again, I can say it is once again amazing. For me, it's the perfect mix of survival, arcade-y gameplay, and RPG. There's not too much of a survival aspect, but there is a hunger meter that you have to maintain besides health. Guns can be obtained somewhat quickly, but only if you know where to look. This isn't a bad thing for new players though, as it's fun discovering where to find guns (hint: subway!!!) The RPG factor is also amazing, and the perks are pretty fair and really cool. There are also cool late game items like a hang glider to go from building to building. It's also fun with a friend, but I mostly play alone and still have a blast! Overall, I'd definitely reccomend it for the price, and it's a no-brainer when on sale! Also there are NO MORE MICROTRANSACTIONS OF ANY KIND!!!!"
33333333333333333,Recommended,247730,19882564,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Adanar,"I love this game, I really do. It was such a shame that the second dev team ruined the game with a few patches and now all that bad press is falling on the previous dev team, who are now back in control of the games development. Nether's future is definitely looking up, if you're sceptical about that well it's hard to say it could be made worse, currently the game is fun if you find a server to regularly play on, myself I would suggest the feelgood pve and pvp servers, and make some friends to play with. Once mod support is complete hopefully we'll see player made mods fixing the smaller bugs  and issues, as well as adding some more to do in the game, while the Dev team rectify the massive problems caused by the previous devs. It's really a personal choice if you buy this game or not, but don't go into it expecting quality, but don't go into it wanting it to be bad as well, just so because that's what you've been told or heard."
76561198081142954,Not Recommended,247730,10526152,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,razieljones,"Another Half finished product pushed out by dodgy developers don't waste your money,"
,Recommended,247730,18855467,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,BB14573R,"Ive seen alot of reveiws on this game and come to the conclusion that most people dont like this game. But the thing is, YOU CANT PLAY 0.4 HOURS AND WRITE A REVEIW! Its crazy! I just saw someone who had played 0.2 hours on the game and write a reveiw! WHAT ARE YOU THINKING?!? Im going to say that they werent. They havent given this game a chance. IT JUST CAME OUT PEOPLE! ARE YOU REALY JUDGING IT THIS EARLY IN ITS DEVELOPMENT?!? *wheez wheez* ok, listen to this reveiw, then decide if you want this game or not. When it realy comes down to it, this is a great game. Great FPS, great suspense, great PVP, action around every corner, and, of course, cool guns! But you have to play with friends to get the full enjoyment of it. Give this game a chance. You wont regret it.   Peace Out :)"
76561198147644764,Not Recommended,247730,23425753,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,@Loverino@,This game has potential but its♥♥♥♥♥♥just really its♥♥♥♥♥♥the servers are ♥♥♥♥ing empty theres only like ♥♥♥♥ing 8 or 6 people playng the ♥♥♥♥ing servers which are only 4 or 5 this game is just bad i thought this game had a great succes since mark played it but i think the devs just took a♥♥♥♥♥♥and left.
,Not Recommended,247730,13964814,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,JokersWild,"Not many games do I vote nay on (my first actually...), but the game looks the same as it did in Alpha, yet I guess now is full release?I figured I would check it out as I have not played in a while, was 5 or 6 servers up, all but one (in Europe..) was good for me, the rest I had to buy something more (when I am pretty sure I had to pay for the game itself..though may be mistaken).So I played for about 10 minutes today.  I got to start in the world instead of town, so didn't have to worry about being killed right out of town by the people that do nothing but camp there all day, so that was a plus.  The world is still extremely empty, I found not 1 item while looking around...and having nothing but a knife grows old when others all seem to have guns..  I still got stuck in a wall, more awesome fun.  Once out in the world I actually saw somebody else runnign a mission I guess.  I went to go after them, had a huge fall into water.  I went for it, survived the jump, then the second I stepped out of the water I died...no clue how.So, while I hate to give a bad mark on something because people put hard work into this stuff (usually), unless they fix some stuff, I do not recommend this game.Peeked back on here since have not checked in a while.  Looks like nothing has been done still.  If you are looking for entertainment are better off buying canned air, turning it upside down and blasting your friends with it."
,Not Recommended,247730,23429717,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Pumpkin_King,"The game looked fun in the beginning, but then the hackers and spawn killers ruined the experience. THIS WAS NOT WORTH THE PURCHASE."
,Not Recommended,247730,22523514,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,iEdy,the worst game play ever
76561198092519428,Not Recommended,247730,23301551,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,ThePeaceMeister,"I bought this game in January of 2014 when it was in open beta. For about a year, it was one of the most entertaining games I had in my library, even if it was buggy as hell. Then, BAM, the creators of the game sold it to a new developer. These new owners released one update that made the game far more ""grindy"" and just an overall less enjoyable experience; after this they didn't update the game at all anymore. Although it used to be a fun and rewarding experience, the game in its current state is not even worth the five dollars.TLDR: Maybe a 3/10"
76561198047188708,Not Recommended,247730,11983874,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,PanzerShock,"Awful,,"
,Not Recommended,247730,12712855,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Person,"Major gamer, Loved DayZ and many other clones like it.  But this was far worse, and one of the worst games I've ever played.REFUND PLEASE!"
,Not Recommended,247730,23429623,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Phzl,Amount of progress in this games development?ZEROooo。。....
,Not Recommended,247730,26724015,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,=DOF=CHELO,"This game is not worth it!!!  BIG wast of money and time. It's really sad i had high hopes for this game had it for a few years now and it seems to get only worse ""R.I.P Nether"""
,Not Recommended,247730,12926014,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Heretic,"Not possible to play this game.  Account Linking problem. And no, I will not spend the next 3-4 Hours on that game called: figure out how to solve the linking problem puzzle game. ;)"
,Not Recommended,247730,14737359,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Noubs,its like one of those free to play games that your friends all play but you secretly hate 2/10
,Not Recommended,247730,8178603,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,ҽQ. Rads,Ive had nothing but trouble with this game good luck if you buy it.   :(
,Not Recommended,247730,9805596,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,𝕄 𝕀 𝔸,"Do Not Bother.It's just another ""War Z"" the launch was an epic fail which put me off for about a year, I came back to it recently to see not much has changed.There is no Anti-Cheat system which allows players to basically run around speed hacking apparently there is a way to dupe as well since a couple of people had beyond 60k+ of one item.Beyond that there are invisible walls that you have to jump over in the ""Safe Zones"" which is ridiculous after 1 year not to mention there are objects which have no collision so you can literally camp inside an item and nobody would know that you are there.The game is a damn joke there are not many games in my list that I would gladly remove without a refund but this is one of them."
,Not Recommended,247730,9037555,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Kale,"Good idea for a game, but..too much people with nothing better to do with their lives then run around as a group killing everyone, every server i have joined there is a group of themruins the game and i would not recommend buying it unless you want to spend an hour collecting gear just to have some little ♥♥♥♥♥ safe zone camping and start over again"
76561198052144060,Not Recommended,247730,9512326,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,|Fiv0| MenonKhan,"Honestly speaking when this game came out i was exicited and could not wait for it. Spent close to $20 for this game and the minute i played i hated it. lets look at the plus points first :1. Scary music2. general feel of survival3. fresh take on aliens(asides from the boring zombie thing)4. map detailshowever the down side to this game is that there is not a save button where it lets you save your character level once you die(which is a lot), so as soon as you die, not only will you lose all your items, but become a level 1 ASAP. this kind of thing makes the player fed up, if he is a level 10 and above. furthermore to get items is somewhat hard and often leaves you without food and dying because of that. it also starts you out with a kitchen knife which means you have to work your way up. This game had potential but was led down the minute you played it. they should make sure that when you die your level remains and not reset to 1, they should make sure the items spawn faster, also should give good tutorials as you are literally thrown into the map and have to fend for yourself. another thing is they should give an Nether list of aliens of what to do and donts for it. but honestly until they do something about the game, its a no no indeed"
,Not Recommended,247730,8976900,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,KiraTheUnholy,"Fails to advertise game mechanics on the store page. This game is a perma-death game. It features a levelling system that is completely pointless due to the fact as soon as you die you lose all your progress, whether that be days, weeks, or months.Unfortunately the steam store fails to mention any of this and simply titles it a ""Survival FPS"" game. I wish I hadn't wasted my money. Don't make the same mistake I did."
76561198067134404,Recommended,247730,10852248,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,B O I,yes
76561198187793489,Not Recommended,247730,17414095,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,TheSkyWindz,Why cant i play the Pve servers? i brough the game.... and there are so many hacked servers. dont you dare buy this game until they fixed that... but else okay relly awsome game. but unplayable of PVE for me T_T
76561198112728157,Recommended,247730,18806490,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Jw,The original devs of this game have my full support.
,Recommended,247730,19165907,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Kitten of Mass Destruction ☕,"Nether is a great game with a great concept; there are a few downfalls as far as new content and hackers, but i know that is about to change. Not much work was done on it for a while but devs have recently picked up the slack of older teams. I am so happy to see that you guys are trying to resurrect this game. It was such a good idea and setting when it first came out! I bought it about a year or two ago and I am eagerly waiting to see the new changes and improvements you will bring to this game. Good Luck and thank you!"
76561198046776494,Recommended,247730,10270814,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,TheMoonBear,"This game is worth the money you spend on it. There are some concerns I have for this game however. I personally think it could do without the safezones, and the shops. I think it needs to incorporate some things such as basebuilding and better working vehicles, and a large portion of the map is still needed. But most of this stuff will come in due time. But all in all I do recommend this game, it has greater potential than some people give credit for."
,Recommended,247730,16377581,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Focus,"I have to say, when you get past the PvE, bugs, and annoyance of dying a lot, this game is actually fun. It's really frustrating when you first start playing the game due to the monsters being ALL over the place, but when you get geared and have stuff then you can finally start getting in on the fun. The PVP is pretty fun and the safe zones are always fun to chill in. 6/10 -RiNOFocus"
,Not Recommended,247730,29195747,Posted: 11 January,all,Chizzit,"Well, I feel for it.Back in the day, I saw this game and it's dwindling player base when it was just called Nether. The trailers for the game looked amazing, and the game seemed neat. Micro transactions and three/four versions of the game was a little worrying, but I thought it would've been neat. I didn't get it then. I feel for it when it was renamed Nether Resurrected.All that happened is the devs renamed themselves (more or less) and renamed the game to make it seem like something new was happening. This change caused some people, such as myself, to finally spend money on the game and play it, and, to my suprise, it was an unoptimzed, unpopulated, ""wtf is happening?"" fest.The textures look horrible.The game runs horribly.There was no one playing.The monster AI was laughable.I've only played for 3 hours because that's all I could play with any multiplayer server. I still download the game every other month for a few minutes just to see what has happened with it, and the game has become even worse than when there was micro transactions in it.While this game is horrible, I will share one good experience I had with it: While going about the main safezone, I bump into another player, which was a rarity, and we eyeball one another for a while before a notification popped up saying the safezone was being invaded. Quickly, I gave him a gun I found and we waited those 5 minutes before the monsters started spawning everywhere. Over the course of 10 minutes we killed every monster that spawned in the safezone, and then when it was done, that was it. I let him keep the gun, and he left the safezone while tried to figure out how to sell some items i found whilst exploring.Was this one, 20 minute long, player interaction and world event worth any money?NoHonestly, I have had more fun meeting randoms in ArmA 2 DayZ mod, where people shoot on sight almost always, and ArmA 3 DayZ mod, where people may shoot you depending on their class.Hell, I've had more fun with the unoptimized DayZ standalone and all of it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.This game is not worth any money, and I would not even recommend poking at it with a 10 foot stick. You're $5 would be put more to use by burning it than wasting it on this game."
76561198024332838,Recommended,247730,18861338,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Flamy,"GUYS GUYS GUYS, NETHER IS COMING BACK AND ITS AWESOME! After a long way of suffering and changing developers, we could finally HOPE for the best! I am very excited, as Nether is my favourite survival game. I had so many hours playing with Russian team of survived ones. We captured points, delivered packages, fought against other clans. Guys, this game is AWESOME and I really hope that devs will bring it back to life."
76561198011965365,Not Recommended,247730,14657598,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Saint Aaron,When the game came out i was so hyped about playing it. When i played it i was just plain out disappointed. The game concept seemed nice but the gameplay wise is/was just a mess. Later i pretty much forced myself playing and eventually finding items is nearly impossible. The game will be dead one day
,Not Recommended,247730,19845357,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,AssociatetheMerryMercenary,Didn't really like the game but some of the stuff that the old negative reviews are not true any more.
76561197984338488,Not Recommended,247730,23290544,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,MaD Ed,This game is like a king size ♥♥♥♥♥andwich without the bread
,Not Recommended,247730,19038027,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,✨Ayla✨,"RECOMMENDATION IS DUE TO CHANGE. MAYBE.I never left a review for this game way back when. I've owned the game since early access. I was hyped, because this game showed promise and potiental. Of course once the game got rushed and thrown out of early access way to early the game ended up dying, because it was half baked. It was full of hackers, dead, and completely unfun.I'm not going to sit here and tell you everything that is wrong with the game, or what is even right with it currently as is. I came back and wrote this review simply, because Nether has become ""Nether: Ressurected"" and I wanted to see what all of that was about. They backstepped the game back to the early access days, and I'm interested in the direction this game will take.The point of this review is no. I still don't recommend it, but in the coming days when I decide to jump back into game and see where the Devs are headed, I want to be able to give this game a YES in recommendation. The Devs appear to want to remove the P2W model and remove all microtransactions. All severs are now player hosted and theres even a single player mode. I'll updated this post after I give the game another whirl and the new direction the game takes."
76561198079597793,Not Recommended,247730,11387667,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Air$tuck,dont buy if you think you can group up with random peopel almost everyone that you will come accross will kill you.and there are so much hackers in the game.
,Not Recommended,247730,10972307,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Kraz,Its♥♥♥♥♥♥ Just get baited by sweaty nerds to get you out of the safezone so they can kill you with there no bullet drop guns.
,Not Recommended,247730,8672386,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Askes,"Survival game or not, I am still unsure how in the heck you play this game."
,Not Recommended,247730,8322911,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,A Cheeky Wanker,"If you enjoy a game where you stand no chance of survival unless you meet no human interaction then this gmae is deffinately for you. This game would be great if there was more PvE and a littel bit less PvP. See everyone in this game seems to think it is all about kill on sight and kill everyone on sight no matter who they are what they have or what they even know. Dont plan on lasting mroe than 5 minutes alive in the game or finding anyone to help you learn the controls or the mechanics and aspects. I have not run across many friendly helpful people and the few that i have are jsut so littel ammount they dont outweight the ammount fo player killing rude ones. If you enjoy a game where it is a real challenge to survive and fight against otehr but the elements cause no means of worry, this game might appeal to you. But if your looking for a Multiplayer RPG Survival game like the Genre is said to be this is not simply the case. A littel more PvE elements would be appreciated. Maybe even server options to turn off PvP. Or make there be less of a reward or even a penalty. I beleive it was meant to have a PvP element but not to the extent of not being able to trust anyone and being sniped the second you leave a safe zone."
76561198069885380,Not Recommended,247730,9089888,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Beard of Hammer,"Bought game based on reviews and a few other things, but wow, i know the game is in development but i think i made a mistake. The nethers can pop up and warp around you, and im not the best or the worst shot but everytime i would shoot he would warp and appear some place else, so bullets seemed worthless against the nethers.My first log in, i seen 45 people die within the 1st hour, to me that just seems like they needed to adjust a few things.I honestly havent went back to the game since it was first released so it may be better now, but it will take some serious changes to make me want to play the game ever again. I could have lit my money on fire, and been better off."
76561198092647203,Recommended,247730,14506763,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Stella,I know 50 hours dosent seem like much but ive played enough of this game to know that if u put some time into it u can get really good and be able to enjoy yourself you might rage a little at the start but know i have so many guns i wouldnt care if i lost like half of them just put some time into it and youll enjoy yourself!
,Recommended,247730,14129931,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Daedric Dave,"Like:+PVP+Fun, enjoyable+Visuals are great at times, especially in sunlight+Wide array of weapons+VOIP+Loot drops are great too+Nether can be a threat around loot drops+Levelling system seems decent and balancedDislike:-EVERYONE kills on sight-Tribes system is average at bestThere are probably more things I disliked about this game but they have most likely been forgotten about due to the game's fun and enjoyable PVP-filled nature. You will easily get your money's worth but be careful as everyone kills on sight. There are no friendlies, this is a PVP arena.Update: 18/12/2015This game is back and it's as great as it used to be. It's excellent to see the developers continuing to support the game and to see that a playerbase still exists."
76561198004851316,Recommended,247730,8118818,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Zarkoy,"this is an amazing survival game, it is hard yes but its well worth the money"
,Not Recommended,247730,16895631,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,TheQuietMan420,"Bought this game after watching Mr Sark play it. I actually enjoy playing it. But the devs have abandoned it.No support, no fixes, no updates, no apology.NO REFUNDS FROM STEAM EITHERWHY IS IT EVEN ON THE STORE YOU♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,247730,10821776,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Guala,I did a simple review and I know there's problems with the game so I also upload a tut on how to fix it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5v2vJpW1iaE
76561198048790685,Recommended,247730,19877730,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,dead,"Well 30 mins in, died 3 times, its a fairly ok environment with safezones which you can spawn in with a machette, missions which spawn occasionally. A map with locations which you can waypoint to, to take on missions. Bugs, and monsters, 'nethers' for you to fight off with your butter knife ... an ultimately death .,..Its a game which you learn through death ... i was losing interest due to the lack of scavenging ... i've looked everywhere and found squat.. on a server... not even an old gun without amo, a tin of beans. But when i played singleplayer I lucked out and found some good weapons fast, so there are probably different drop rates / settings between servers.There's a few servers, with a few people on them so its ok, i was thinking for the price to lan play it if nothing else ... Scavenging is hard and realistic.... The more you put into this game, the more you get out of it. For a buck worth a try i guess... and its just a case of learning the actual gameplay mechanics before losing interest.... then there is tons of content, just not some of the mechanics im used to being a 1000 hour arma 2 dayz vet.There is a single player campagn as well, you will find it at the top of the server list. Works ok, found Nether hoard almost straight away which was fun. Just played it again, quickly found a 'surging' hoard of Nether's ... when they surge .. its like they teleport in right next to you ... the fighting is realistic with realistic damage inflicted and recieved. Over time my health recovered. Killed a couple ... also found a bunch of weapons at the top of a building, in some metal crates ... Its panning out to be a lot of fun.will update as i put time in, but for a buck or even $5 not on sale its not a bad deal really"
,Not Recommended,247730,15224268,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,The Baguette Bandit,First off once you buy the game most likely it will have a bug were you can't link your steam account to your nether account. There is one way to fix this go to the nether website go to your profile and open the console for your web for google chrome its ctrl+shift+j then type this in the console mber.syncWithSteam() and press enter.Now I can actually get onto the gameplayCONS-Mostlikely your gonna get killed on sightThe graphics arent that goodAll the buildings are basically copied and pastedThe servers only have around 30 players on itYou can noclip through some propsThe fighting is bad and there isnt any skill in it its just who has the lower ping and less lagPROS-The Nether or zombies are unique and have diffrent abilitiesThe looting system fits the game wellYou can have more fun when playing with friendsOverall this game isnt good i woudn't recommend this game to anyone.
,Recommended,247730,18875078,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,OV3RH34T,"Played this game when it started going downhill and even with all the flaws and pay to win, i loved it. The game has an unique atmosphere and is an unique survival, among all the zombie infested survivals out there.I'm glad to know the game is being resurrected by the original, awesome dev team, which actually want the game to be great instead of just another money maker.Please give Nether:Resurrected a shot, you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,247730,9630094,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,GMFreeman,"This is a great, open world, intense zombie-apocolypse-like game where you are genuinely afraid to die. Saying so, i'd like to know how to activate the monster mode where you become the nether. If you know how, please respond to me, because i am really excited to be the thing people are afraid of in the game."
,Not Recommended,247730,22832213,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Solowka,"Bought this game a couple of years ago, played it once or twice. No point in writing an indepth review is its all been said. Awful.....Just awful."
,Recommended,247730,14546993,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Danger Daxter,"I would deffinatly recommend this game. Its always great to play a game like this but nether is one of my favourites. Word of warning, there are a few issues (I fell through the floor a couple of times) and be prepare to shoot on on sight or be killed on sight. But I believe this adds to gameplay."
,Recommended,247730,14670543,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,I Fuck With The Vision,"Found a really cool katana, then got violated by monsters. Found a motorcycle, drove off bridge.Good if you're a decent player at games unlike myself"
,Recommended,247730,9404811,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Dlutos,"Nether, Some people like this game some people won't. I personally ♥♥♥♥ing love it! The best way to describe this game is. I more polished DayZ but less fetures. I actually prefer this game over DayZ and I will continue too, The reasoning for this is because in DayZ walking is pretty boring....It takes long and there is no vehicales (yet) and the scenery in DayZ is meh. But then you play Nether and there are vehicles and the game is beatiful so you don't mind walking across the ♥♥♥♥ing map, but then you do. and not because its boring but because of, well the Nether! Unlike DayZ in this game the enemies are well done. In DayZ enemies run through walls, they can be out ran very fast, and pretty much usless, I can honestly say ive never really been screwed over by a zombie aside from once....and my legs were broken so yeah, Then when it comes to the enemies (nethers) in this game you ♥♥♥♥ing are crouchiong and trying to avoid them and if you see a certain type that looks to big and stuff you like completley change your route just to avoid it. I say get this game.Final Verdict: I say get this game! Please put the time into it though, once your about 1 hour in you start learning how to loot better and how to avoid creatures. I love this game, and you can too. P.S all the bad reviews are mostly by people who have only played .8 hours on it. So ♥♥♥♥ing play more then 1 hour on a game that is EARLY ACCESS before reviewing it like a♥♥♥♥♥♥ BYYYYEEEE!"
,Recommended,247730,9717891,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Algenor,"Good game, probably the best among Dayz standalone, Rust and Nether itself at the moment. The last patch added a lot of interesting features, it's very worth the money right now."
76561197967692485,Not Recommended,247730,19807184,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,^___^,Fix the goddamn key bindings and we'll talk.
76561198038261321,Recommended,247730,18755803,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Shadowrunner,Really good post apoc game. I highly recommend it and that means alot cause im the King of Chernobyl!
,Recommended,247730,13370886,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,SommZz,Fun game a lot like DayZ
76561197990025327,Recommended,247730,8147384,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,nKryptic_Net,"If you like suvival games/action games then this one's worth checking out.  In my opinion this game has the potential to trump the idolized DayZ with more action, less confusion, and an overall feel of suspense and dread.  Though it's a work in progress, and its not fair to review something that isn't even finished because everything could change, I think that this game is going to be DayZ's #1 contender for its genre."
76561198097964571,Recommended,247730,9309961,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,NipNinja,it makes my♥♥♥♥♥♥hard.
,Recommended,247730,9685285,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Songbird // ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"While Nether leaves much to desire in regards to solid world objects, that you can now walk through here, and the problem of cheaters and hackers, I find this an admirable game, due to the setting, environment and enemies. This game puts me more on edge than DayZ, and the player issue is much, much more in DayZ, than Nether.Regardless of the Cheaters, and non-solid objects, I find this a very good game, due to its mechanics, weapons and interaction with the world.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,247730,14523085,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,JAA_007,Nether is a awesome and fantastic world you can feel the environment and have a sense of feeling of being alone but you can just sense the enemy player or nether around the corner as you attempt to survive in this immerse world and helping your tribe expand like the roman empire and gain in wealth but at the same time other tribes try to take that away from you as you grow and to fight at the teeth of your enemies defenses and to claim victory is always satisfying even if its just a fight in the alley and fight the nether will be a living hell your a walk in the park as you gain a understanding of the world and why it is this way as you either live as kings or die trying as you scavenging your way to the top taking your foes with you for your people so they can progress farther as you lie bleeding to death as you feel every inch of your life slipping away from you as all you worked for escapes from you in a second as the PVP and PVE gameplay is unique in its own way as the community come together on PVE but if you want the true and classic feeling of nether and feeling any second you will be hunted down and executed or to be eaten alive then PVP is for you but over all the game is a master piece in its own way but that is dependent on the players play style and if they are willing to discover and be dedicated to this world in a way or another as you will realizes how truly fun Nether is as you can play alone or with friends or find new friends in the safe zone but as you will learn quickly no where is safe as you explore Nether.
,Recommended,247730,9906827,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Thoth patrol,dis is beater den daiZ
,Not Recommended,247730,16855026,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Mr. Self Destruct,"DO NOT BUY THIS!!! Dead game. The dev team has scammed most of us. Zero updates, zero fixes and the money we spent on this game, is going into the development of the company's next game. This game has a lot of bugs and hackers. Kills the fun for honest players!"
,Recommended,247730,10910799,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,SolarBeast,"I really enjoy Nether. It's got great graphics, good feel, and just the right level of difficulty.They DO need to released an update to fix the crashes, freezing issues, and long load times of the Server List. A really good option would be a refresh list button as well as a dropdown to select what region's servers you would like to look at.Original post June 2014 ^^^Edit : June 2015 -This game has been untouched for 4 months now and nothing really changed with the last few updates. I had such great hopes for this game and the devs just gave up on it. Don't waste your money."
76561198043795484,Not Recommended,247730,10741053,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Peppermint Butler,Mistakes were made.
76561198135339940,Recommended,247730,10405304,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Fusion,Give it a recommend As it still is beta cant get into every detail but the concept in place within this game good very entertaining not only is the game Pvp but NPCs are also a threat to everyone not only out in the world but how safe zones can become under attack this makes the game very enjoyable.How ever the point i dislike in the Huge no trust with anyone you can join a tribe or group and you can see who else is in that group but players still with out care will kill you and the skill point system that you die you lose any progress makes the game slightly more annoying as you will be killed alot which in turn when you get guns want to kill every player over and over.Recomend is fun and very enjoyable cant wait for the final result .
,Recommended,247730,7713773,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,InsanelyOrange,"I write this as it's in early access.This game has alot of potential! The Nether are interesting( currently 4 - 6ish types), enviroment is pretty and actually quite vertical. A large majority of buildings that you see can be climbed ontop of, some are quite big! The current map size is only a bite size of what the final map will be, which will be damn massive.  Leveling system is interesting, although more ""perks"" need to be added, currently there are only 15, thats 3 perks per the 4 skill trees. If you like the look of the game, and don't mind a few bugs and have $30 thats ♥♥♥♥ing a hole in your pocket, you may want to get this. But if bugs, and an incomplete game sounds bad, then you may want to wait until this gets released."
,Recommended,247730,10407004,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,It's Alan with 2 A's,"Great Game, recommend you buy it! Worth the money, still in development so give it time, overall a very good game! 10/10"
,Recommended,247730,10457367,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Impacttrooper,"I can´t really decide whether I would recommend this game or not.The game is cool, no question and you can see that the developers are trying to get rid of the main issues of survival focused apocalyptic games such as the SOS (Shoot on Sight) syndrome.They tried to do that by just increasing the outgoing danger from the Nether mutants (not really zombies) which might have worked, if it would have worked.The thing is now: You´re still getting shot as much as before (although I definitely got less player-related deaths in here than in DayZ) but now you also have very dangerous mutants around you.What left a bad taste in my eyes is, that you have a store where you can buy stuff with premium currency. (I´m just calling it premium currency. It´s basically currency you mostly get through investing real money)You can´t buy any weapons with it, as far as I have seen, mostly just medkits and food and whatnot so the amount of impact this has on the game is relatively low.Further, I don´t understand how this game supposedly reached a gold status.The game still has two of the main bugs it had in the Alpha.They are rather small bugs, but due to their frequency can become gamebreaking very quickly.Basically, your character gets stuck whenever you crouch and try to move over the border of an object, a street, or a wall.Example: You jumped onto the brim/ledge of a window. You´re crouching and watnt to get down onto the street. When you want to walk off the brim so you can fall off onto the street below you, your character will get stuck and not able to walk off the brim, unless you stand up.Now you might think ""Well this doesn´t sound too bad"" but this happens with EVERYTHING your character can touch. You get stuck on the street, on rails, when you are too close to a wall next to you your character will be stuck, when there´s a fence too close, you will get stuck.So the collision in this game is pretty messed up and always has been ever since the Alpha.Gamebreaking because I can´t see that ending good, when you´re in a firefight or something similar.The game needs more improvement but overall it´s cool. If the developers would pull this one off and market it properly, it would brush DayZ off of the survival-apocalypse-throne easily.Your character has perks and can level up. Your character gains XP for killing Nether mutants (not players, as far as I remember) and also a load of XP for every 60 minutes your survived.Further, there´s a Global inventory, where you can save some of your things so that you don´t have to start completely from scratch when you die. The stuff you carry with you will be gone forever though.So the Global inventory only slightly affects the survival instinct.The game is not easy, especially regarding weapons.At first I gathered an arsenal of weapons very quickly, but the developers understood that wasn´t the intention behind a survival game and patched that - now I can be glad if I find two parts of a simple pistol.Personally, what is annoyiny me is that the mutants just randomly spawn somewhere.That is pretty stupid, considering that you might be sneaking across a street you checked out from a safe distance before to see if there are any mutants, and then you´re there and one of these mutants spawns 5 meters away from you. Tough luck if it discovers you.But aside from that, I would mainly recommend playing this game with friends.I was able to survive the longest when I played alone, but it´s just better with friends. Everything is better with friends.My overall score for this game:6.5/10"
,Recommended,247730,9909161,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Voice,GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,247730,10265066,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,JayCoop2k,Great game but way too many hackers. Needs Anti Hack
76561198096878998,Recommended,247730,10268155,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Carrots,Its awesome. Not too many bugs so when i get annoyed at Dayz i can just play this.
,Recommended,247730,9495389,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,The Mad Poet,"This is my favorite game. If you like surviving, crafting, scavenging, and teaming up with your best friends in the apocalypse, this is the game for you. In my opinion, this is the best fps and survival game on steam."
,Recommended,247730,9510531,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,DannyD,"Great game! Nice atmosphere, leveling system is original and interesting (In game level and account level), big bonus for crafting items! Updates are always coming up so the game will only improve"
,Recommended,247730,10438689,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,:'(,"Was walking around LSZ to look for something to loot. Got sniped by a guy in a building.Ran up to him with a kitchen knife and stabbed him (not to death).A more serious review:The gunplay in this does take skill unlike other classic shooters like Counter Strike. You need to worry about your sway, hipfire spread, and other mechanics. While the skill tree may help with fights, it isn't overpowered and you are always at the constant risk of being shot- however, it is not ""shoot first and hit em you win."" Mainly due to the sway from your gun and recoil (you must fire bursts to be accurate), there have been several occasions where I would be shot from behind but would be able to turn the fight around on them.Nether calls for stealth. If you try to attack someone with a pistol, you will probably have a bit off a shootout before anybody gets killed. You need the right equipment for the kill, otherwise you will have a horrible time. Such as if you have a shotgun, you will never want to approach someone upfront. Even if you want to betray the person and neither of you are showing hostility, you will want to wait for the person to turn around before killing them. This enhances the immersiveness of the game as well as the call for stealth, survival, and strategic gameplay.Melee is alright. It is annoying that the Nether will on many occasions just teleport right behind you and hit you almost immediately, I think it makes them a bigger threat. Unlike zombies, the Nether were given the ability to teleport. It would be stupid for the Nether to not take advantage of the teleportation, especially if they're limited to short-range melee attacks. So it makes sense to me. And the Nether were meant to be dangerous, yet fightable. As long as it's a less-dominant species (like the little crawlers that are pinkish- I believe called runners/crawlers) or even hunters (who I believe are the Nethers that run two-legged and have the ability to shoot spikes/bone out of their rib cage), as long as you know what you are doing, you'd have no issue taking them out with a kitchen knife. I have no issues with melee.The only problem I have with melee so far is that the knife has the same reach as a katana, and is otherwise, still a pretty far reach. Then again it is alpha so I hope that is fixed in a later update.Stealth is a big part of this game too, and I like stealth mixed with a game that has snipers. It isn't about who can run-and-gun the best. It's about who can be the stealthiest to get to where they want to go or kill their prey. Not to mention, unlike in DayZ, Nether will have a harder time spotting you if you are laying down in oppose to standing straight up or crouching (there are skills to make you quieter, but only while crouching, so it isn't that much of an unfair advantage due to ""not dying.""). The mix of this and gunplay really make immersiveness great. The added audio of the Nether and overall ambience is also a plus to me. When I first started playing, I had to turn on the lights and lower the volume. Whenever I hear a shrieker/spitter, my mouse-hand shakes and I almost lose grip. Really, any Nether that makes noise that's close to me gives me the creeps and it definitely disconcerts me enough to start sprinting- agro'd or not.The one issue with audio is that the safezone sounds are super annoying. The low pitched humming or waves of sound, I assume is supposed to represent the anti-nether devices working, should be narrowed down to a lower volume because it hurts my ears and kinda ruins it. I believe the change of audio from in-safezone to out-safezone is unnecessary, but I understand that it may be to tell the player ""you are safe here."" And I might be the only one complaining.The details in this game are simply amazing. Everything from the battered guns to the buildings to the environment around in both the city and wasteland really gives me the feeling that ""Yes, I am in an apocalypse."" However, there are times that I don't understand ""how the heck did this pile of rock/dirt get in this building?"" There is also a location under a bridge that has a huge pile of rubbish. Rocks, concrete, everything. Yet when I look up to see if there's a huge hole in the bridge or some other disaster, I find myself disappointed. It seems the Nether has a nack for taking piles of broken material around  the city and moving it into a pile elsewhere. Much like how I clean my room. Then again, it is alpha so I do expect this to go away upon release. Or at least add a hole.Swimming also confuses me. Why can't we swim? Sure, we have like 50 pounds of gear on us not including the weapons we are carrying. But this guy (or girl) can jump off some highrise with the same amount of gear, pull a hang-glider out his bum, and fly his way gently to safety. You can't claim that swimming doesn't exist because of ""realism."" Realistically, a guy shouldn't be able to pull out a hanglider and just start flying wherever he pleases. You need to be going at a high speed for a hang glider to work (which brings the question: why are we so slow on a hang glider?). As amazing as our guy is, I just can't fathom that it's impossible for this dude to swim. Maybe in a future update?Recently (or not? I dunno) there has been an update for tribes and capture points that do have benefits to the holder. I like the idea that it does support cooperation between the players so it's not a 100% KoS game, but unfortunately, there are no consequences for killing your own tribe member. In fact, you get experience. To me that's backwards. I feel that if a tribe member kills another tribe member, they should be reprimended from their current tribe or even exiled. I'm not supporting ""no team killing"" because it's a survival game, do what you want. But there should be consequences. Perhaps an update on this in the future?Otherwise, capture zones and the reward for having capturing the locations is great to support teamwork and less tribe-killing.It's still fairly early to be giving a proper review, but so far it's a great game despite the limit on what there is to do. Once you get the top gear and max leveled, there is nothing to do but go out and I am excited to see if there'll ever be an expansion on the map, as of right now, it's small and too cramped. A full server = nothing but knife fights and the few guys with guns. The graphics are really nice, the monsters are actually a threat- sometimes more than players and are definitely spooky, the gunplay is perfect for players who want a fight based on skill, control (not perfect if you're the type of player who likes Call of Duty), and strategy, and while the current tribe system looks very unfinished, we will see it finished later. The hackers are also gone. I have yet to meet one- thank you VAC.This game, specifically because you don't need a team to play it (like Rust) or a friend to keep you from being bored (DayZ- Walking Simulator since 2012), I am constantly on my toes in the city and more relaxed in the wasteland. However, as soon as you hear that spitter scream or you get shoot at from behind, you'll find yourself in an utter panic as you do not want to lose your levels and gear. The environment is gravely immersive. While lots of improvements should be made, majority of my problems with the game seems like it's due to it being an alpha. There are more features to be implemented and gameplay optimizations to be made in the future. Otherwise, swimming should be a thing regardless of how realistic it'd be. My character should know how to swim if he is a survivor in an apocalypse.Stay close to your butter knife, friends. You never know when the safezone will randomly turn into a bloodbath."
,Recommended,247730,10732074,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,๖ۣۜChibicharmander,"In some post-apocalyptic Chicago, you are a survivor among survivors, trying to make ends for you pitiful life meet.  There's a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Nether that try and taste you tantalizing flesh, yet there is a variety of weapons for you to fight back; not to mention a skill tree that benefits your survival.... This♥♥♥♥♥♥is getting long, overall it's a good game and has potential to become a great"
,Not Recommended,247730,10732918,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,POIONA,"i dont really recomment this game at all,it doesnt even runs in my pc,first game that i cant run after buying it lel"
76561198043362996,Not Recommended,247730,10731276,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Rosewynd,"I am skeptical about recommending this to a friend because it's twitchy from the start.  The server page always lags badly to where I can't do anything until it fully loads.  The game wouldn't even let me pick a playable character until the 3rd time that I could get the game to cooperate.  Even then there is no clear tutorial as to how the game is played.  I was tossed into a ""safezone"" that was about to be attacked."
76561198015527503,Not Recommended,247730,10727669,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Harmatic,"Game/Servers constantly crash, it is difficult to log back in. Game is bugged and lagged throughout any encounter. Not worth  buying even 85% off."
76165497871248237,Not Recommended,247730,10736531,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,m0ra_,It's a Pizza♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198047460716,Recommended,247730,8725463,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Victor,"With the few features the game has, it is still quite fun and I can see it going far."
,Not Recommended,247730,10737691,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Darble,This game has the all the glitches of an early access but it's actually supposed to be a game 4/10 can't even join a game.
76561197979545772,Recommended,247730,9372399,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,[415]Meathead,Great game and getting better as it goes.  It's probably the highest tension game I've ever played.  I've almost jumped out of my seat a few times.
76561198092413775,Not Recommended,247730,9375943,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,shane1048,"I bought this game to have fun and enjoy it with my friends, but for some reason i created a log in and it will not register, so i cant even play the game ive payed for. Sooooo yeah..."
,Recommended,247730,9467439,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Oran,Really good game. Me and my mate picked this over DayZ and Rust and it was so worth it!
,Recommended,247730,9210280,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Mack71,"Bought this game did not play for a couple of months  cos i thought it would be an♥♥♥♥♥kicken pvp wise, ruthless i played dayz for a while but the PVP was too harsh for my book this game skirts the edge of that although at first you`ll get taken out by players alot at first it should not take you too long to learn the enviroment and how you can use it to your advantage, me personaly i`ll wait for the trouble to die down then continue the mission. The fighting with the nether is really responsive and their teleportation just keeps you on your toes i find melee is the best course of action hell yeah you could shoot em but the noise! even in the underground it`s dangerous to run just in case they here you from above.Atmosphere is amazing audio and visual its one of those game where you`ll turn up the volume so you can hear whats on the other side of the wall wether it be nether or player. Im having alot of fun (frustration at times) with this game Well Impressed :)"
,Recommended,247730,9218288,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,DaBawsJo,Its a BIG GAME !
,Recommended,247730,9229673,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,ShakyShot4Life,"Fantastic game, graphic are nice, crafting system is extencive enough (early access) monsters are badass and insanely creepy expecially the roof lurkers...... buy it so we can all play together lol too ♥♥♥♥ing scary to play alone lol"
,Not Recommended,247730,10922755,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,LocSkywalker,"Nether is unplayable for myslef. and many others.When I try to join a server it goes to a black loading screen then back to the server list. This is a common problem, and there are many forum posts about it. The developers have not addressed or even achknowledged it so I would strongly recomend you avoid this game.I have not been able to play the game even once, and from what I have seen it looks slopily thrown together. It has no option or main menu of any kind. It takes you straight into a server list when opened where(in my case) I can do nothing, but go through an endless loop of trying to join games, and fail."
76561198056407993,Recommended,247730,8516600,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,|CY|HeRCuIesp0,awesome game
,Not Recommended,247730,10806863,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Hier kommt Bruce,"Serverlist - The Game!Look at the server list for hours; hours of fun for less than 15 euros!""It's like Skyrim with Servers 9/11 -IGN"""
,Not Recommended,247730,8598628,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,JakFrost,Gunna be honest. IN THE BEGINING...it was fun and had a lot of promise...till I found out that the developers were a bunch of yes men to its own community. Not having thier own roadmap and letting a bunch of people order content that shouldn't be in the game or on its priority list is just pants on head ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. However its asthetic design is pretty good for this genre at least. I don't think youll ever walk into a room where you see a group of corpses all huddled dead as if it were a suicide pact. Thats what nether has going for it and nothing else. Dat atmosphere.Sadly I feel that thier approach in the past year on how they handled developing the game. Letting the players vote on what is more important did not do this game justice.
76561198006169257,Recommended,247730,8905156,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,E4GLEyE,"I do recommend this game to those who are not afraid of Survival Horror Games... like DayZ for example . PPL can be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bags but hey its an online faceless community so be prepaired to face some Kill on Sight fellows.BUT! i have to point out that you can find nice ppl as well... i personally found more ""friendly"" or just not KoS guys then the bad ones.Bugs ... bugs everywhere, Early Acess is not there by accident, the game has its fare share of bugs but it has an exeptional dev team that DOES care about the community feedbacks and about fixing bugs.So if you want a different type of game then the good old DayZ style only survive the brainless zombies trie this :) Nether do provide a nice challenge not just an annoying thing that prevents you from shooting steadily like in DayZMOD (not the standalone) there are multiple types of the Nethers in the game and some can cause you swift and merciless death, (yes screachers i am looking at you xD)Atmosphere... for me this is something that has a higher priority in any game then simply the graphics... here the atmosphere with the soundeffects of the Nether, the Ambient sounds and the whole map design just gives you the creeps, just apply a good sound system and go in there during night :D.PVP: ppl are aggressive but when are they not? give someone a gun and no (or small) responsibility and they will more then likely to use it, I have to say that This is not the fault of the game but players, want to avoid pvp as mouch as possible? go for low pop servers. they attract less @rse holes and more cooperating players. (experienced it) so yeah thats thatCons- Bugs and some part of the CommunityPros- Good Dev team, AMAZING atmosphere, Great map design, good gunplay and combat."
76561198044023118,Recommended,247730,8542228,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Saber[X],"A direct competitor to day z, fun as hell to say the least."
,Recommended,247730,8869843,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Ubermensch,"Very fun once you learn where all the loot spawns! also love the AI and creepyness of the monsters, great graphics, GREAT sound 8.5/10 I can see this game becoming huge, though I would really love to see a way to have bases/factions and crafting"
,Not Recommended,247730,11014312,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,2049,">Friends buy the game>""Panda, get the game brah, we gonna co-op this ♥♥♥♥♥!"">Sale price is three dollars>Buy it, thinking it won't be too bad.>Start it up>Can't even create Nether account, launcher freezes>Makes one on website>Can't even log in to Nether account, launcher freezes>Help from their website is useless>Exits launcher>Launcher won't close, Steam thinks I'm still playing>Friends accuse me of being an idiot who can't even install the game>Go to store page, see the sea of negative reviews>Cry as I realize my account is now stuck with a junk titleAll in all, I want my money back.-------------------------------------------------------4/7/14>1.3gb patch>""Hey man, that patch fixes your errors!  Why not try it out again?"">Think to myself, ""why not, should judge the gameplay"">Starts up launcher.>Logs in.>Success!>Nether loads up.>Black screen.>Restart computer.>""Hey, uh, dude, my computer crashed.  I think it's the game, not my computer :/"">""Panda, they've made the servers more unstable.  This update seems to have done more bad than good."">Cries."
,Recommended,247730,11105889,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,[CSL]4N Boi,Great apocalyptic survival game... Recommended if you like games like DayZ
76561198065845554,Recommended,247730,10723713,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Grumbleair,Nice game
,Not Recommended,247730,8197026,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Evilworm,"I wanted to play this game again to see if it was any better than it was at launch. This review is made on June 3rd 2015.My initial feeling when starting up this game:- Why do I have to log on to play? Isn't this why I have Steam? Useless- Ok graphics when I finally found my old password and got the game started.- Safe zone: This is nice. I can be safe here.. or?- Safe zone: Something has broken, I am attacked inside the safezone and I die.- Players trying to kill each other for no reason other than trolling.- Sound is ok. Not as disturbing as horror games.- Confused about all the packages on the ground seemingly all over the place.My feelings toward this game after rage quitting the biggest crap since Garys Incident: Day one.Don't waste your time or money on this so-called-game. Its not fun, its not nice. Unless you like games where you start over again and again with little to no progress at all.I regret buying this game, and even more for buying the expensive package. I am going to leave this out of my library now, to help me forget I was stupid enough to buy it or even playing it (again). WHAT A PIECE OF CRAP!My review from 22 december 2013:Don't buy! Unless you like to get killed by everything moving around. Don't even try to make friends, as this is not a friendly game at all. This is the new WarZ."
76561197970309782,Not Recommended,247730,11666013,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Neo,"This game could be cool. But it can't. First it take weeks to got into the game. It was not playable first. Now, it is playable - i mean it is start-able. You can connect Server. And there you find .... i dont know .... i use a picture to describe it - i prefer to start in the Monster-Zone!!! instead of starting in the so called ""Safe-Zone"" with the freakin human-player, that are the real monsters of the game. I never, i mean really never left the ""Safe-Zone"" without being killed by a human-player. There is no monster that horrible. Every time i left, i got killed. This game hardly needs a server-optimization. It needs a pvp-server for the sadistic player, and a pve-server for the ones like me, who wants even once leave the Zone to watch the game. So, sadly i cant play the game anymore again, not because of the game-stability or technical difficulties or the ingame creatures, but because of the player, who are playin it. At the end, maybe their behaviour stands for the game itself. I dont know. I saw too less of the game to argue about it. Sad."
76561198032512197,Recommended,247730,10781398,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,..,"Worth the money, it makes hell on earth for your machine tho.."
,Not Recommended,247730,10767042,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Jeltsi,Ei oo wörtti koska ei toimi :-D
,Not Recommended,247730,10758753,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Richard Nixon,"This game is currently broken. First, the server list took forever to load, after I finally connected to a server I was stuck in spectator mode. I couldn't pause the game so I had to alt tab out and quit from there. Many restarts later I finally got into the game. Wasn't able to play for very long but what I did find was that melee is clunky and uncomfortable, and there are real money transactions as well as in game currency. Now, I am in the same problem as before so I can't play. . DO NOT BUY AS OF RIGHT NOW! It seems fun and atmospheric but currently is broken"
,Not Recommended,247730,10738471,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Jexer,This game is like the ♥♥♥♥ing Great Depression.
76561198037223729,Recommended,247730,10432604,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Slam Jones,"If you're looking for a polished, shiny game free of bugs and filled with helpful players, Nether is NOT the game for you.  (In fact, you may as well stop looking at Open-World Survival games (especially pre-releases) in general.)If, however, you want to be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and hunt people down for sport, Nether's got you covered.Yes, you will run into people who wait til you're 5 feet from the Safe Zone, then blast you with a Shotgun.  That's the nature of this genre of game... anything can happen at any time.You gotta stay aware to stay alive.  If you don't like it, there's plenty of other games to try.  If you do like it, then happy hunting! (and good luck if you run into me lol)The death system isn't as harsh as the other open-world survival games I've played recently (Rust and Stomping Land) in that players in Nether have a Global Inventory that can be accessed from the various Safe Zones around the world, allowing them to store whatever guns/ammo/junk/stuff securely with no risk of being robbed.  (It's even cross-server, so it'll be there no matter what server you log into)They also give us an economy system where, upon death, you still retain all cash on hand, and can use this cash at the Safe Zones to buy Melee weapons (even a ♥♥♥♥in Katana!), food, medical supplies, a few gun parts, vanity items, etc.If you run low on cash, you can always deliver Courier Packages from Safe Zone to Safe Zone.  Sounds boring, but when literally everything you run into wants to kill you, it can get a bit more exciting than you'd expect.The majority of the features in the game are raw, unpolished ideas, but that's to be expected with an Alpha.As is, it'll provide maybe 20 hours of entertainment (if you're anything like me) before getting rather dull.  However, being an Alpha, new stuff will be added all the time (maybe every month or so idk their schedule), and I, for one, look forward to how they complete this game."
76561198099030258,Not Recommended,247730,10767361,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Jameson,"Cant even play this game , will not link to my steam account . This is pathetic."
76561197963909326,Not Recommended,247730,10781277,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,[its]Atrum,"Sorry to say, huge disappointment.Heard people talking about it for a long time, never tried it, got it on summer sale.  Game says it was released June 5th, no longer in alpha status, that being said, it's probably more glitchy then any other game I have that is still in alpha.Collision meshes are all wrong, one moment you are 6 ft above the terrain for no reason, then next you are walking through wall supports.The server list takes about 5 minutes to load when you first start the game, and freezes the screen untill it's finished, completely unavoidable.  This has apparently been an issue for over 6 months, and it's till not fixed, and yet the game seems to be live.  Really annoying with the random game crashes that do occur as well, having to wait for the server list to load again before you can rejoin.Also had an issue with spawning, after crashing on a server, I attempted to rejoin and was in ""god mode"" flying around the map, unable to interact with anything or have any access to the ingame UI.  I could see people running around that were playing the game, and even followed a friend of mine who was running around, and they could not see me.  I couldn't even quit out of the game as none of the UI elements responded, had to alt-tab-delete and then rejoin, and it still didn't fix it.Ontop of that, usual server issues of lag, and various glitches.If it were a game still new to alpha development, I'd be excited to see how it progressed, but as a game that seems to be live, I really wish I could get that $6 and hour of my life back."
76561198002258928,Not Recommended,247730,10741248,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Rorudo,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,247730,10768565,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Constantine88,Asolutely horrible game. Won't even start and lags at the server screen. Need a refund.
76561197971541277,Recommended,247730,10739841,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,PapaGadusch,"So you work for an hour to gather a few Nether remains, barrell to a shotgun and some food.  All of a sudden you're spotted by a nether, and before you know it, you're running from 3 more, a spitter and a golem, to a soon-after death.  Start over?  Naw, I'll just curl up in the fetal-position in the safezone..."
76561198040557586,Not Recommended,247730,10762976,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,CrunchyCoffee,"Performance problems, bad combat and looting systems, and no way to organize current quests. This game should not have been released yet."
76561197968369023,Not Recommended,247730,10760365,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Rebslack,"Absolute waste of money. Spent 4 hours trying to get in game. Garbage. End up in spectator mode. When finally in game couldnt move, and got killed by a hacker. Avoid like the plague. Support is zero."
,Not Recommended,247730,10750921,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,STUpendous,Needs to run on 32 bit windows >.>
,Not Recommended,247730,10742300,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Humbler,"Where do I start... If you're one of the lucky ones, you will be able to buy the game, launch it, and be able to play immediately. (Don't count on it...) I had to throw out SOS to Steam/Nether for their gut-wrenchingly poor support for Steam-Nether account synchonization.Game play, game play... It feels like a really *really* poorly done mod for Fallout or Skyrim... E.G. Guns have incredibly boring accuracy mechanics, and melee combat feels like a mod went poorly, and abandoned by the modder -- out of shame.About 20%~25% of my time is time spent stuck *inside the environment*... Inconspicous walls seem to like to grab characters, and never let them go. Not to mention the half dozen areas that should be ""inaccessible"" to players, having no real way out... Other than to starve to death, or get mauled by monsters... Which, by the way, means you lose all your stuff (with no chance of getting them back, lest you get stuck in the inaccessible area again...)The monsters... Probably some of the most, grotesquely boring enemies I've ever experienced in any format of FPS... Probably equipped with the most tragic sense of AI that's ever disgraced the visage of mankind, with even a speck of paying attention you should be able to tell exactly where the monster is going, and what attack it's going to do LOOOONG before it'll touch you.Player VS. Environment VS. PlayerGreat concept on paper, but when applied... You only get players who rally up, and camp the buildings and kill you on a whim... Which is totally popular, and legitimate tactic for PVP games... But but for an adventure/survival/exploration/PVP -- it's just a really poorly mish-mash of concepts that are easily dismissed to make it into an entirely PVP game, with basically less-than-spectacular weapon and combat mechanics.Occasionally character stops sprinting, mid-sprint... Standing there as an open target for whatever nasty beast is drooling after you, or player is trying to kill you.I made a point to test my theories in PVE, and successfully killed every monster the game had to offer with the basic starter knife... No. I am not a pro at this game, no it was not epic, it was all actually really depressing, and disappointing...So... With pathetically done environment, extremely lack-luster PVP, monsters that make Rust Bears/Wolves look like IQ-Over-9000 (minus erratic teleporting, which is still quite unimpressive...) and well. All-around lack of content and an otherwise undesirable atmosphere for a game... Not to mention the HUD/social/communications in this game is just... Atrocious...The character customization offers a massive variety of everything between Vanilla, to... Well. Vanilla.If you spend money, you might get a single M&M to put on top of it... But they will only provide the color/flavor you don't like.This isn't even half of the stuff I want to say about this game... But I think the point has been made.Buy something else...Play something else...Don't waste your time on this like I did."
,Not Recommended,247730,10742626,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,W4RP!G [CZ],"Worst spent 3 Euros of my life.. so much bugs in this game. No safe zones (u need to ""fix"" ur safezone first but no1 says u how or where, gg developers gg ),no tutorial"
76561198011141545,Not Recommended,247730,10747918,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,CHIRPY,This game is highly glitchy and shouldn't be considered a finished game by its functioanlity. The loading of the lobby freezes and joining servers would pointlessly bring you back to the lobby. There needs to be a lot more work done to this game..$3 wasted.
,Recommended,247730,10749577,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Just BL3SS™,This game is sick. God I love it so much.10/10
,Not Recommended,247730,10726157,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Papa Bear,Just dont buy it.How tempting it may seem.How cool it might look.Just dont.
76561198095228172,Recommended,247730,11190703,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,HazmatMatt4121,Its a fun game when playing with some buds. Lots of bugs though. i do reccomend if you have a couple friends to play with.
,Recommended,247730,10866440,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ashley,You can walk through boxes 10/10 game 2014
,Not Recommended,247730,10895809,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,hullo,"this ♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ed up, dont even waste your ♥♥♥♥in money on this, if you buy this you may aswell just be asking for someone to cut your balls off. Doesnt ♥♥♥♥ing work, freezes to ♥♥♥♥,♥♥♥♥♥♥spawning in your face when you log in ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,247730,10721841,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,purpless,This game SUCKS i havent even played it because the server selection menu freezes PLEASE FIX
,Not Recommended,247730,10839018,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Ripley,"-no support for 16:10 screen at whatever resolution (mine is 1920x1200)-game freeze at startup for like 15 sec with a good hardware (GTX 780 TI and i7 4770K)-controls (azerty keyboard) are really bad...-no tutorial (the tutorial is a package to deliver from your spawn to a specific point...)-when you select ""spawn in a safe zone"" you spawn in the middle of nowhere.-when you stand in a safe zone, you can be killed by player and monster... what the point to call it ""safezone"""
,Recommended,247730,10733872,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Don't let your dreams be dreams,"Well what can I say about this game?The community is totally...and I mean TOTALLY...splitted between a ""HEY THIS IS AN AWESOME GAME!"" and a ""WHAT A CRAP!""Let's say that this game is not bad as they say but is not even ultra awesome; the scenario is good, the graphic and the effects are good, the sounds are good and even the concept is really good.Yes it had a lot of bugs, like the huge frame drop (neither me or my friend had this issue while we were playing so I guess that the developer are not so ""crappy"" as other says) or the ""I find soo much stuff that I can live really easy in this game so is not a survival at all"" (actually earlier we had to STRUGGLE to find stuff to survive and even to STRUGGLE to find a safezone...is that enough ""survival""?) or even the graphic (yes is quite good and with some good effects but there are still some little glitches here and there with some textures).Yes it still even have the ""freeze"" at the startup yes (just wait for the servers to load and then it will goes like a rocket).Alone it can be an agony because you will LITERALLY thrown in a world that you don't know with a not so clear tutorial (actually if you have the patience to read everything is clear enough) and finding yourself alone in the middle of NOWHERE with creepy sounds and the night incoming can be REALLY frustrating but with a friend of two this game become so engaging (I was really impressed about this) that even if I've started like ""this is a bad situation I want to log off to not die"" I've fastly turned to ""hey let's go ahead a bit more"" because I even found it challenging!Yes even having one life can be a pain, and if you die you die and you lose everything...but, how many lifes you have in your life? One...so...again...is this enough survival as a simulator?This game is not bad as a lot of people says (sorry Dayz's fanboys to not agree with you.......) and it has indeed a lot of potential, it is fun, it is challenging and it is engaging in an impressive way after a while (2 hours passed in a snap of fingers).Better to try it with a friend or two (or at least make one friend fast in the game....beware because there are good people...but even people that will not think twice to kill you at the first occasion to get your stuff).From the beta the game improved a lot and it is still in developement so I can only suppose that it will be better patch after patch even thanks to your feedback and not to your whining...and for the price it is now (summer sales), for me it was and it is an istant buyOverall:Graphic 8/10Sounds 8/10Survival 9/10Gameplay 7/10Get in with a friend and you will not turn back...or try to find me in the map xD"
,Not Recommended,247730,10591213,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Erke,"I have been trying for the past hour to login to the game. It asks for permission to link the accounts and the thing doesnt stop aksing for it. I havent been able to log on once. I even bought the chosen pack. Like, $15.74 GONE! Thanks Phosphor Games."
,Not Recommended,247730,10961765,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Phrog,"While a fun game with a tried and true concept, I can't stand by with it being marketed as a complete game for release.  Sure, it bills itself as an MMO with tons of updates headed for the community's way, but it doesn't address the fact that it is largely an incomplete game.Had this game been listed as Alpha, Beta, or Early Access, I could forgive some of the glaring oversights that the game is lacking.One day, if the game fixes some of the more immediate issues, it will be worth playing again.Ithaspotential.However, in its current state, it's a shell of a game, void of remarkable features worth returning to."
76561197968019142,Not Recommended,247730,8253162,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Wraith,"Although the game is still in early release and I think the game could have potential if some of the gaming mechanics are tweaked, the biggest let downs on game are it's core components, PVP, Loot and Leveling.Player interaction - every person I have encountered are hostile so you can't team up, and they only seem to camp safe zones popping off new players searching for items to enter PVP with; so its knief vs automatic rifle or sniper!Loot - If you can get away from spawn sites before campers get you, finding loot isn't too hard, but carrying limits are way too high to make it a valuable practice as you have to get past campers again to sell it.Killing Nether is pretty easy but after killing 36 of them in a row, they didn't drop a single item and I only levelled twice, so I can see why camping is so practical in this game which makes it worthless.Levelling - Whats the pont?  As soon as you die, you're back to level 1, all that grinding for nothing, I can understand losing loot on your person when you die as long as you could store provisions in a safe zone, but losing levels only feeds PVP camping and defeats the purpose of having a levelling system.In short good idea and potentials there but until the camping and levelling is sorted I'm staying clear; the bugs I could live with but pointless mechanics make this a waste of time."
,Recommended,247730,8562819,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Kaizen,"A survival fps set in a post-apocalyptic city run by crazy monsters that teleport. What could be better? I totally recommend this game. Nether is actively being developed, and new features are implemented fairly frequently. But let me remind you, this is a SURVIVAL GAME. Many people hop in game expecting other players to be friendly, this is hardly the case. Most of the time it is 'shoot-on-sight'. If you have a problem with that, Nether probably isn't the best game for you. Nether has both pve and pvp elements to keep you on your toes. I highly recommend you play with a group of friends or join a clan. Nether is much more enjoyable and easier when playing in a group. Please buy and support the developers!*this is a review for the current version of Nether, as of 2/17/2014*"
,Not Recommended,247730,10724499,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Triicell,"Stuffed with more bugs and cluttered with more metaphorical♥♥♥♥♥♥than I care to remember.0.7/10, would not play again."
,Not Recommended,247730,10716511,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,PurpleDong,WONT CONNECT TO MBER ACCOUNT. People have been having this issue since November 2013?? Why havnt they fixed this yet?
76561198088278135,Recommended,247730,10845118,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Offset,I have problem my servers doesnt work. All of them
,Not Recommended,247730,12034407,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,RemedyBunny,"I want my money back! This isnt a game, its a Scam and should be removed from Steam! Bad Gameplay, Bad Graphics, Bad EVERYTHING! DayZ has more gameplay then this! Even if it was F2P i would still say DNT WASTE YA TIME WIF DIS K!"
,Recommended,247730,11113026,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,[GO]SkidMaRk,"This game is not finished, yet it's impossibly immersive. You can loose track of time pretty easy, and end up playing longer than you expected. The soundtrack and ambient noises will keep you alert forever. It's a creepy, yet challenging game.Final score 7.5/10. There are some bugs, and the missions are stupid and annoying. Exploring is where it's at."
,Not Recommended,247730,13902160,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Fredward,"i have bought this game but cannot play it due to a 0xc000007b error which i have got three people, myself and many websites to try and fix but still cannot play it.. my brother seems to love this game, but honestly i cannot give this a positive review while i cannot play it...If someone could possibly help me with this problem then i might just be able to change my mind about this game, but for now... its a no from me."
,Not Recommended,247730,13916397,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Wolf,"Worst ♥♥♥♥ing game I ever played. Its so ♥♥♥♥ing bad I dont even want to write this review on how bad it is, it's a wast of my time."
,Not Recommended,247730,10789901,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Farmer John,All my game time I have accumulated so far has been on the server select screen where the game literally freezes.10/10.
,Not Recommended,247730,10936604,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,DokoMaster,"After the hours I put on this game, the more I played it the less I liked it.Its very easy to get items, and put them on global inventory. After your death you can just get loot from the shop, or even buy ammo. Making scavanging less meaningfull. If you are looking for survival games, better wait for H1Z1 and play some DayZ.Nether is just more polished WarZ/survivor stories, but still a waste of time. But if you can find it for 3 bucks, go ahead and try it for few hours. But if you already have some other survival games, you are better off without this."
76561198061198961,Not Recommended,247730,13902605,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Duchess,no.... just no.
,Recommended,247730,10698909,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,macdshifty,"Not to sound offense, but the majority of people who post negative reviews sound really ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and almost hard to believe that they actually played the game. Maybe in 60+ hours of game time I just got really lucky (no) but...-never had a problem with campers, easy to avoid-game is not pay to win (I really don't understand how people can say it is)-never encountered an experience ruining bug (and I've been playing since its early beta days)-community is what the community should be (if you don't like treachery then instead of complaining to the devs for a PvE server this is just probably not the game for you)And with that said this is by no means a game with a wide appeal. Either get over the harsh penalties or simply don't play it. This game will not appeal to everyone, especially the people who have a tendancy to rage"
,Not Recommended,247730,10738034,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,dick dandy,DONT BUY. NOT EVEN WORTH THE 3 BUCKS.
,Recommended,247730,9415468,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Chopstime,"Having a great time on Nether. My first few games scared the bejeezuz out of me when  heard Nether's breathing a few meters away. With decent updates (though too far between them) and introduction of Tribes the game should get more team aspects (I hope). Good game, best aspect is the atmosphere."
,Not Recommended,247730,10733475,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Crackpunch,"Buggy, laggy, ugly. Not sure if I want to keep playing."
,Recommended,247730,9814194,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Graviknite,Very nostalgic when in PvP and the open world is atmospheric and a substantial size. great fun to play with friends and can't wait to see what they add in the future.
,Recommended,247730,10781429,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Sherlock Kush,"It's good, for while, then you can't play anymore... buy on sale or something"
,Recommended,247730,9665621,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Meme-Lord,Beautiful graphic and scenery a little buggy but overall it's a really good game
76561198094984800,Not Recommended,247730,10763026,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,solaire,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ do't buy it. It doesn't launch and the only reason why it's on sale is to farm money for the devs. This is a waste of your time and I wish I hadn't bought it. If they learned to make a game launch, rather than put all the time into the game which doesn't even launch."
,Not Recommended,247730,9227689,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Aersaを求,Nether is a very good well made gameprosgraphics look really goodmultiplayer (co-op with friends in a server)very smoothbut some of the cons arelong pacing sometimescan't find anythingpeople being jerks and just killing you for no reasonmore than one person shooting at yourandom mobs spawning and killing youits alot of bs in some areas but the quality on how it looks is pretty great but the gameplay its self the objective is just awful
,Not Recommended,247730,10768364,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Steelknight21,"Do you wanna spend half od your life waiting to fix your account if some information during signup gets messed up, well to bad cause that is what will happen. I have bought this game and tried to login but it just keeps putting me in an infinit loop of logining in and then reseting I cant really call this a review on the game but then again thats because the launcher for said game WILL NOT LET ME EVEN PLAY IT!"
,Recommended,247730,9297588,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Balihigh,"For $20 you can't go wrong. The game keeps you entertained every second as you survive and search for food, weapons, ammunition and other players. There's a cool ingame store as well. I love it!"
,Not Recommended,247730,10723343,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,New Cringe Prince,"I bought this game during the Steam Summer Sale for $3. You go through trouble to open the game, and join a server, and once you do join a server, you find out that you bought the Watcher edition, and you can't even play the game! You can only watch other people have ""fun""! I want my money back."
,Recommended,247730,9020101,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,JammyDL,"Even though the game is in Early development, this is a great game if you like Zombie games, this is a must."
,Recommended,247730,7539689,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,HONSU:3,Хорошая игра
76561198094046606,Recommended,247730,8218296,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Plubell,"Well i was really looking forward to playing this game with my friend, but i couldn't because i have a 32 bit os. This game requires a 64 bit os, so i am unable to play it. I really hope it will be playable on 32 bit os soon. I was watching people pla it and it looks really cool. Can't wait till i'll be able to play."
,Not Recommended,247730,12770487,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,CroxtheMight,"Lots of hackers, there website is not safe."
76561198046148560,Not Recommended,247730,10729316,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Request | Jack,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, i just bought it and it doesn't even load. This game is a 10/10 if you want to simply buy a game and never play it"
,Not Recommended,247730,11220906,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Brave Young Jables,"sorry let me correct the description for you.'Nether is a first-person urban walking experience unlike any other. Set in a post-apocalyptic world, Nether forces players to make absolutely no decisions in a walking-paced struggle against their will to live and minor inconveniences while walking, such as pebbles. Join the mass suicide attempts. walk your way to boredom."
,Not Recommended,247730,10246777,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,NetGuru,"Horrible game, bad interface, bad engine, animations, unbalanced, full of cheaters. pay to win, etc"
76561198006334314,Recommended,247730,10707678,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Sarthas,It is a great game!
,Recommended,247730,10918546,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Magic Mike,"i have a decent computer, but this game needs some serious dumbing down, in terms of graphics.. my pc cant run it without having frame problems.. on a good day, i have 18 fps. please make some graphics options to turn needless♥♥♥♥♥♥off"
,Recommended,247730,11151029,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Androno,"I personally find Nether very fun to play. It is very similar to the other survival horror multiplayer games and thus, retains many of the mechanics and traits of other survival horror games. It also offers unique mehanics like levels and ""talent trees"" so to speak that grants bonuses in survival, using melee weapons or guns. There is also global inventory so you can store the goodies you find for later/the right time. The graphics and environment that you play in are also very well done (in my opinion) and I personally feel exited to explore the very large map. However, play the game with a friend, it makes the game all the better, as well as being safer in a group. Overall, good game. Hope to see more added to it."
76561197971215237,Not Recommended,247730,10726208,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Dominik,"it is utter turd, it takes too long to god damn start up... don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥game..."
,Recommended,247730,9299304,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Oats The Goat,"Amazing Game, If it had Zombies it would be my favorite game. Still, with Hellish-Monsters to kill and hide from, and players to work together, kill, and also hide from. Makes this game really fun, the city is one of my most favorite parts of the game. This game is worth the $20! 9/10"
,Recommended,247730,11795238,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,KingJaguarPaw69,"Well....this game has simply been unplayable for me. The bugs (everywhere), monsters stopped, loading screen never disappears, my health stopped dropping (was actually happy about that until I tried to pick up a gun and it wouldn't work! -.-)sooo all in all, save your money, go buy another game. This one needs repairs. Looks pretty cool on the inside though. Just needs to function."
76561198070116087,Recommended,247730,9380555,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,C-Murder,Its party tyme huh hah Alright Heamhuh.
,Recommended,247730,7767969,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Ushio Okazaki,Nice for a Beta
,Recommended,247730,7668612,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Lawie,"pretty much the same as ISS, just with aliens"
,Recommended,247730,9826619,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,inzacer,Definetly has a lot of potential! Would like to see the map being more interactive. Love the idea of dying and losing it all. Overall great game.
,Not Recommended,247730,9901493,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,CLF_ZimbatheLion,"After a difficult installation with codes and logins and usernames outside of Steam, I joined some laggy client that froze non-stop. After managing to join a ""game"", there was nothing but a large map of buildings where you could collect chocolate bars, etc. Then if you reached an area located in the map, there were these stupid monsters that ignored all walls and buildings and teleported at you. They looked really lame and pixely, and ""fighting"" them was ridiculous. I would not recommend this ""game"" to anyone. I want my money back."
76561198042213991,Not Recommended,247730,9902593,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Farron Artorias,"""Would you like to link your Steam account to your Mber account? This is required if you bought your game via Steam."" it says this over and over again this game is unplayable literally"
,Recommended,247730,8954396,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,pepperonii-chan,"Freakin AWESOME. A BIT laggy, REALLY hard. I would make resources easier to find, but not guns. Ammo + Food."
,Recommended,247730,8218302,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,IslandDown,Awesome. Keeps you VERY paranoid and on your toes!
,Not Recommended,247730,10388385,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Doyle_Kenady,This game is pretty terrible.
76561198067197098,Recommended,247730,10791921,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,bolbong bigsweet,IT'S A BEAUTIFUL LOOKING GAME
,Recommended,247730,10797976,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,aarb,♥♥♥♥♥
76561198086048854,Recommended,247730,10938481,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,RandomRecovery,"First and foremost, many players need to realize that Nether is still in Alpha. There are far to many complaints about buggy issues. Yes, it does take awhile for the server list to load, and occasionally you do get stuck in certain parts of the map, but the developers are constantly fixing issues that arise, and adding new game content.The constant threat of the nether, as well as hostile players, is what sets Nether apart from other Apocalyptic-Survival games. Many different elements are included in the game: a basic crafting system for many types of guns, and a trading faction that will exchange the worthless nether body parts for useful items including food, ammo, and even weapons. Upon death, you will find that your character's level reverts back to 0, adding to the realism of a survival game. This game has a poor community of players, i.e. most of the players you meet will attempt to kill you.As I mentioned previously, this game suffers from occasional bugs, but as the Alpha gets further along the game will get smoother, and many more elements will be added to make this feel more like a whole game."
76561198024341800,Not Recommended,247730,11564062,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Daymare13,looked like a fun game but it was extremely difficult to find out how to link my steam and mber accounts. And then after that it just kept saying that the steam client failed everytime i tried playing. so dont waste your money on this game cause you wont be able to play it
76561198042946043,Not Recommended,247730,11564149,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Jumniss,"I regret everything.In a time where many devs are seen hopping into the ""open world survival"" genre, only a fraction actually manage to deliver something different from the rest. This game does not join that small group of well made, unique games (the forest, unturned, dayz) but rather into the♥♥♥♥♥♥hole where (The War Z) Infestation: Survivor Stories was laid to rest. Funny thing is, before buying it, I read that a former dev FROM the team that made The War Z was also on this game's dev team. I brushed that off and gave it a chance...and boy, that was a mistake.As stated in the description; Nether ""forces you to make quick life-saving decisions in an unforgiving environment"", which, in my case, was very true, it sent my thumb to alt and pointer finger to f4 in the blink of an eye.(alt+f4 closes a window :P)"
76561198086248608,Not Recommended,247730,11566893,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Rdshrk,"The game has strong bases: Humanity colapsed to stange monsters, and now you must survive. You explore, loot, combine some scavanged stuff to make weapons... Problem is: All monsters teleport. And when they do, they attack you while reapering, which makes its very hard (hard not in the way of ""challenging"", which would be good). It can take you 20 minutes to find a weapon, only to loose it because you somehow agroed 5+ monsters. And forget about running away, cause they just teleport straight to you. So you cant hide anywhere: No even running up a staircase, climbing up the roof of a building and leaping on the next one. The monster will just teleport to you again.If it was only that, it could be managable since you ""play"" with other players. But realisticly, other players just want to kill you on sight to grab whatever you might have. Some players will even ask to team up with you, only so they can see you on the mini map. Then either they kill you, or the monsters do.I don't recommand this game at all. I don't like running around for 20 minutes, finding nothing and waiting for the stamina bar to replenish so I can run some more. I don't like facing monsters that can just teleport behind you, insta hitting you and leaving you no chances. And I don't like playing a game supposed to be ""coop"" when its pretty much pvp all the way. Though now they have groups you can join to play with other peoples, but most servers have around 10 players on them (few are almost full, but then again, it just makes lots more people to kill you). Feel free to try that game, but this is what I think about it. Cheers."
76561198028681899,Not Recommended,247730,11570901,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,JTSiege,i might change this if my accounts will ever sink up
,Not Recommended,247730,11594249,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Dumbo the Elephant,I HAVE NOT PLAYED THE GAME YETAs u can see up top i have not played the game yet why because i don't have 64 bit windows i have 32 bitwhich is why i can't play it im sure they are trying to put it on to 32 bit but for now i do not recommend this game.
76561198129029400,Not Recommended,247730,11596344,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Spacemarine700,"this game keeps crashing every thime i try to log in i havent got a solution for it yet, and it takes forever to start"
76561198012124944,Not Recommended,247730,11602144,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,pride1982,call of duty survival gamws where your own faction kill you as you step out of the safezone.. hardly encouraging to newer players. the game looks ok and it has a neat idea as in rival gangs and factions lobbying for control but this is overshadowed by people spawn killing their own guys outside of the safe zones
76561198093719575,Not Recommended,247730,11023642,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Stuffs,DONT BUY NETHER...for the money you spend on this game you can buy a toothbrush and still have more fun playing with a bag of potatoes. -4/10 fix this game
76561198050957384,Not Recommended,247730,10902938,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,LiquidCyn,"This is a mediocre game with latency and bug issues, I had my fair share of fun but ultimately felt stupid to buy it for the full price (14.99 watcher). The main issues I had with the game boils down to-The most ""unsmooth"" melee system-Not bad but very ""Meh"" worthy gunplay-Horrible PvP like every other early access survival game-Average progression that make you fell as achived as making yourself an grilled cheese.All in all it doesn't worth 15 dollars, not even if its 25% off. But if it is any more discounted than that I would say go ahead."
,Recommended,247730,11150425,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,FalloutGuyIThink,I have found that it takes alot of time to get into the game but when you do it is very fun. Protip dont go into the water
,Not Recommended,247730,10960758,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Queen of the Netherlands,
,Not Recommended,247730,8327697,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,BrenDemon,"I bought this game but can i play it? No. It does not inform you that you have to pay for the game and then pay for a pack to actually play the game, not only that I cannot log on at all and It was a very frustrating process to link steam accounts and create Nether acounts as well. I will never play this game since I can't and it is false advertising. Money back."
,Not Recommended,247730,10796639,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,WilLeR,"Please do not buy this game. It is unplayable for myself and a huge amount of other people, and steam refuses to give out refunds."
,Recommended,247730,10790903,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,LGN || Manok,Bad Devil game
76561197996409073,Recommended,247730,10907188,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Sorenski,"My experience with this game have been a rollercoaster, the first hour i spent was trying to get into a server & actually play the game. Although the game feels like it's still in Alpha, I actually really enjoyed the game once I got started. The downside is, that it is one rough start, you'll find yourself scared, lonely, hunted by the nether or the ruthless players who kills on sight. Heck you'll even spend a couple of minutes to try and find your friend who you bought the game with.But now, you've found eachother & you're thinking what now?You go out scavenging for supplies, sneaking past nethers who seem very scary at first, and you feel like you're powerless.But now you and your friend decide to try and take it down, you get a feel for the combat and realize they aren't so bad.Now you've leveled up, you have no idea what the different skills do, what's good? what's bad? you decide because you're a viking, you'll skill up in melee combat. But right as you skill up and start moving again, your friend gets shot by another play, you panic, you run around in circles and what not. You now know how dangerous it is to be in the open. You think you see the other play, you only have a kitchen knife and the dude who just shot your friend is picking up the stuff you just scavenged together. You decide to go for revenge, you hack & slash at the player and you bring him down, he explodes with items all over the ground. You now feel satisfied, you've taken down another player with a damned knife. Now that you've picked up the players rifle & gear, will you start hunting other players just like he did? or will you try and protect players from nether & make new friends. That's all up to you.The game has it's keeping players in it's grasp, in my opinion it's the satisfaction of killing someone geared & taking down the hordes of nethers. Sure, the game has it's glitches & issues, it truly is tough getting into the game, through the glitches etc, but once you've died the first 10 times maybe more maybe less, you get the feeling of the game, you want revenge on the nether that killed you the first time, you want to find that player and hunt him down for killing your friend. And you do it.The leveling system is also a good thing in this game, the character levels you lose upon death, like most survival games. But you still keep your account level, which i find awesome, so you don't feel like you wasted too much time leveling up, you still have small perks from your account level that keep you going.To wrap it up, you want to look at this game as it's still in alpha, expect alot of glitches, unmercyfull players & nethers. And expect to die quite a bit. But you wan't to stick to the game cause it is just downright awesome when you get into the gameplay."
,Not Recommended,247730,10847276,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Link Of The Dead,"thought id chance it on this game as it was on sale and wow im so glad i spent money on this. oh wait, sarcasm doesnt show on here does it?well first off lets start off with the launcher which just seems massively unnecessary and when i tried to set up an account in hung for about 5 minutes saying ""creating character"" until i switched it off. i logged on to the main website to do it and apparently the problem was that my display name had spaces (something the launcher failed to notice and just decided the best course of action was to wait obliviously). it would have been nice if there had been an error message flash up or a hint at the side of this to say ""no spaces""so then i eventually get into the game and whats the first thing it does? freeze. it does this the 3 times i close and restart the game so i end up following a guide that tells me to delete local content and trying again. i do this and same problem, after half an hour or so i find a guide online which says the game will freeze for around 5+ minutes whilst servers refresh. again what would have been lovely is if:a) the game didnt freeze for 10 minutes (20 in some poor souls case)b) if the above isnt achievable how about a ""your game may stop responding whilst servers refresh"" messageso i evenutally get in game to find im locked into spectator mode with no controls to do anything. also its worth noting at this point you will have 0 controls till you get in game and i mean 0. it wasnt until after i had finally found a server i could get on to as NOT a spectator even though it wasnt full that i was able to adjust things like sound and video quality. why were these options not available at the start?after i got in i found the overall experience lukewarm at best with the game offering zero assistance or guidance on any of its controls besides walk and interactthis game feels like it has been half completed and released, total waste of money"
76561198068463022,Recommended,247730,10739095,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,RandyBobandy,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!this game is completely broken DO NOT PURCHASE!! DO NOT GET THIS GAME EVEN IF ITS FREE!!
76561198040554052,Recommended,247730,8318707,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Necro,A well mad game with a forgiveing permadeath system.
,Recommended,247730,10881068,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,f13ndw0af4c3,the game is awesome well worth the money graphics are sweet the lighing is spot on and the gameplay is endless not sure what all the bad reviews are about my guess is people getting that♥♥♥♥♥shot off by someone who likes to play it personally i wanna gift it to all my friends so we can mob on all you haters
76561198092264792,Recommended,247730,10791297,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Mega Pepe Man,Nether is NEVER going to let me get in the game would play again 10/10
,Not Recommended,247730,10708983,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,fannysmasher,Can't even launch the game anymore without it crashing...
76561198071986199,Not Recommended,247730,10723223,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Whiskeyhands56,"Do not buy this game.It crashes almost always and when you finally do get in it lags out and you float around not able to do anything.This game should not be out for sale, it's terrible and unplayable."
76561198066588079,Not Recommended,247730,10722952,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Francis.HyperX,i cant even login in this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,247730,7572619,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Cowthulhu,"Despite it being in the early stages of development, I've still found myself addicted to Nether. The gun fights are realistic, the players brutal, and the camoflage wonderful. I'd reccoment it to most people."
,Not Recommended,247730,10894645,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Mutant,"All i get is lag from this game. It still feels unfinished, and there is such a lack of logic it boggles the mind. Creatures standing in front of shops or spawning in shops, it's all just stupid. The lag is also killer, I play other network games without too much trouble, LOTS of borderlands1/2 and it's fine. This game however suffers from stutters, hiccups, rubber banding, and it's infuriating. I feel like this was taken out of early access to say ""look, we finished it"", but they didn't."
76561198128589165,Recommended,247730,10770619,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ShirtPants,it says ive played for 4 hours yet i cant get past the FACKING LAUNCHER ive watched a bunch of videos went to fourem cant play and it annoyingSo GREAT GAME NOT BEING ABLE TO PLAY AND ALL
,Not Recommended,247730,10929204,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,African Space Jesus,Virtual ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ simulator mixed with under optimized memory leakscan noone make a good open world survival game?
76561198057153410,Recommended,247730,10934664,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,NecroPlague,Great game and Awesome Game play a must have for all who like Full action FPS Games
76561198046793368,Not Recommended,247730,10779351,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Billski,"How can a great concept turn bad you wonder? Having just started to explore the surrounding area and picking up a bunch of nice goodies to craft, my life was cut short...killed in cold blood by a human player. Now yes this is awesome if you are the one doing the shooting, but if you happened to be the poor fool on the recieving end of that bullet...it gets to be a little annoying. there should be pvp and pve servers to disallow this kind of thing as an option. The game itself was fun and it is a little buggy but you can easily see past that but this just isnt what I thought it would be. good luck to you...you will need it!"
,Not Recommended,247730,10787924,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,DePadova,"I played a lot of this game early access. Even with it being full of hackers it was more fun than it is now. The game has no more loot drops and forces you to pay real money for keys. You're no longer able to grind for gear. Trying to make a buck in time for the summer Steam sale they put their game at $3 to lure new players. Those people soon realised it was a waste of money and now the servers are low population again. Unless you're part of a big in-game clan for help and are hardcore about this game playing over 200+hrs (I have a friend who has over 1,000 hrs of gameplay) don't waste your time. Everything that was promised by the devs have fallen short."
,Not Recommended,247730,10771675,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,LucidPixel,"First review and it's a negative one.I hate to put a game down so badly, but come on.This game is such a joke. I'm glad I only paid $3 for it.It looks nice and all, but the coding is horrible.I soon as I spawned into the open world I couldwalk through half the fences and poles around me.You can crawl through boxes and some walls ""partially"".I could understand if this game had just came out, butI've had my eye on it for a while. To me I agree that thisis just another cash grab game. Otherwise they wouldbe fixing the main bugs first. Come on collision detectionshould be the first thing you fix before you go on to doother things.Ok sorry for wasting your time. Like this game wasted mine."
,Not Recommended,247730,10797040,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Fathom55,launching the game is painfully slow. takes a good 20 minutes to get into a server and start playing the game. Sometimes after the 20 minute wait you spawn as a flying camra and have to Ctrl Alt Del just to restart the game.
,Not Recommended,247730,10726476,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,JumboCircusPeanuts,"Initially, after buying the game, I got trapped in the launcher watching the game try to sync the playnether account with steam.  On game reinstall I was able to turn the game on and log in, but it promptly froze on the server selection screen, requiring task manager to close the software (NB: My machine meets/exceeds all system requirements).The day after I bought/downloaded the game I received an email from the nether team instructing me to verify my account.  On account verification I was able to run the game, but was automatically placed into a spectator-esque mode following server selection.  You can navigate the world in this mode but no menus or options are accessible.Two months later I logged into the game on a whim and was able to select a server and character and entered the game world. The game appears to be operational for me now, although there is a lot of screen tearing and blurred edges."
76561198043990703,Not Recommended,247730,11061126,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Lukkystrike,"I have been following this game since its came to Steam on early access. Honestly it had a cool concept but the game sucks plain and simple. You start off with a butcher knife and a package to deliver. Good luck delivering the packed because it will take you about a half an hour to reach the area you are delivering the package to. On the way you will encounter mobs that teleport kill you in 5 hits. The players that are lucky enough to have a gun will kill you no matter what. Ohh and if you do live long enough to level up you can still die in one hit, ohh and you also lose everything on death which isnt a big deal if there were actually things to find other than 5 bucks."
76561198007083539,Not Recommended,247730,8508586,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Lopather,"Before i beging I am fully aware this game is early access and still in development.Unfortunatly i would say no to buying this game. The concept of the game is great, lovely eviorments and atmosphere. Even though the game claims to be in BETA, let me make it clear, this is in no way near out of ALPHA. The patching process is a complete joke, the devs claim they are fixing bugs and such yet with every patch the game gets worse and worse. As it stands the game right now is unplayable due to the bugs/lag/desych. Maybe a couple of years down the line i would say yes but as its stands now, AVOID at all cost."
76561198003152045,Not Recommended,247730,10750867,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,lichtqu4nt,"********** scroll down to follow my travels below depicted in updates *********Part #1:... currently, this game does not work for me, I even can't login, because it refuses to link my game account to my STEAM account.I am still waiting for an answer from support, every ""workaround"" you can find in the internet doesn't work for me - unfortunately I am not allone, lots and lots of users experience similar problems right now.Seems like the team of this game is currently completely out of their depth, and/or the account/verifying routines are poorly coded.I can't recommend this game right now, because - well, you know, a game I can't even access/play is not a game for me :/P.S.: And don't be misled by my ""ingame time"" - it only shows how long I sat in front of my screen, watching the launcher to not let me play (sadly it doesn't count the numerous hours I spent by searching and trying ""workarounds"" to fix it) :/Part #2:After spending a day researching a fix for my login problem (which BTW have many players, according to forum threads and posts), some guy mentioned about launching both Nether and STEAM in administrator mode to properly sync/link accounts.As of now, the ticket I sent for support the day before yesterday still remains unanswered.I tried everything so far, so why not that too. Surprisingly this did fix it, on login attempt in the Nether launcher it synced profiles (shows correct data onplaynether.comtoo) and provided me with startup screen, where it completely freezes, while server list got created. My research so far lead me to expect that freeze (which took about 5 to 10 mins for me) - try to move your mouse from time to time, and you will see the cursor jump to a new positions from time to time, so despite the ""non responding""-message in task manager you will see, there is actually going something on in the background - though awfully slow.So I finally were able to connect to a server and character screen shows up (be careful when choosing your player model, most of the shown models cost nether gold, be aware of that).Sadly resolution does not allow to choose any 16:10 ratio, which is a little poor, as my screen runs that (maybe I am able to change that in some game-files).Then I ran around in and near a safe zone, trying to get used to the controls (which are sometimes a little unresponsive, not sure if caused by lag or by the game itself) and playing the little tutorial.So far, so good, but I am still not impressed, as I never run anything in administrator mode on my PC (except for maintaining it), and I despise the fact, this game needs to be launched as admin AND demands STEAM has to be run as admin too to even start up EVERY TIME. That is poor and adds unneccessary security hassle on my system.The server-list freeze-bug seems known by the developers and is said to be addressed, so I will wait for this to be resolved before I will further test the game and update my review.For now, it still stands as non recommendable, overall this game smells ""alpha"" all over, regardless of what the shop page says..."
76561198060098845,Not Recommended,247730,10716409,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Tyler Anchor's #1 Fan,"Spawned, walked out of safe zone, shot in the back, Ctrl+Alt+Del, end this crappy game. Enjoy the PvPcommunity guys."
76561198143358784,Recommended,247730,11384901,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,VXalius,"Nether is one of the most amazing games I ever played. Great graphics though the shadow effects makes it a bit laggy.Some problems are the bugs.One of the ones I hope would improve is the flashlights. On my friend's screen, my flashlight looks like it was on. On mine, it doesn't look like it was on. It hardly brighten up anything but something that appears in front of it. Very frustrating when exploring the tunnels or very dark buildings. It is very difficult to see especially during a nether attack when we can't see them till they're right in front of us.Near the Westview Outpost I believe there is a ammunition box that cannot be searched.When I first played nether, I was constantly crouching. Somewhere along the way, I went straight through the debris and ground (possibly a very useful bug during an nether or player attack).When switching between weapons, gun to melee. The melee often sound like it was taking out a gun.Other then the first problem, Nether is an great hardcore survival scavenging game that I would recommend to others."
,Recommended,247730,10932900,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ruuvi:]]],this is good game better then dayz and smaller price
76561198047403721,Not Recommended,247730,10737343,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,NickSoSik,This game blows.
76561198105411487,Recommended,247730,8641620,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,jordan.abraham13,This game did not download properly and the people I emailed to help me never responded. I can navigate past the login window. It keeps saying Failed to launch Nether. The game looks great; if only I can play it. This was a waste of $20
,Recommended,247730,7914607,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Striker,Crazy survival game lots of fun
76561197992575683,Not Recommended,247730,10758390,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,DrinkyMax,"Can't play. If i manage somehow to enter a server, it's in fly mode. No character creation, no interface, no EXIT key.i guess this game is in pre-pre-pre alpha."
,Not Recommended,247730,10720530,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Chalmskinn,"Cannot get past launcher. You create an account which then has to be linked with their own personal account system (for steam users) which for some strange reason, gets stuck in a loop, constantly attempting to authorize the account.TL;DR - Cant even play the game."
,Recommended,247730,10775402,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Kavicsftw,"11/10 would buy. best login simulator game i have ever seen. unbelievable!cant play the game just launching. Good luck, have fun!"
76561198055615793,Recommended,247730,10797061,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,BettyWhite420,WAS PRETTY GOOD A+
76561198065810864,Not Recommended,247730,12825112,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,JOELEH,Where have all the Aus servers gone!@#!!
,Not Recommended,247730,10731274,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,nyesss,DO.NOT.BUY.THIS♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,247730,10737297,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,The Eyehole Man,It just wasn't fun
76561198093376452,Recommended,247730,10791618,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,LordAdmiralApricot,i would smack off over this game (y)
,Not Recommended,247730,10796634,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,VoidBoy,bought the game and i cant even open it! A DLL file is missing! hoping for an update!:(
,Not Recommended,247730,10762405,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,EvoWolf,Don't buy it. Just spend your money on something else.Seriously.
,Not Recommended,247730,16405692,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Kamroony,"The game wont even let me play, Trash."
76561198068002814,Not Recommended,247730,16278570,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Kobe Bean Bryant,Unistall Simulator...
,Not Recommended,247730,16319216,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,b0zack420,i fing canet even get in the gamekeeps saying a user wth taht name exests how do you tate a name like rdsa relley fix it
76561198118168061,Not Recommended,247730,17518287,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Drakesden,"On the collective bandwith of putrid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Nether tops it all.This game is so glitchy, so flawed, so belitelling to the human race that it makes you sick.Respawning systems are♥♥♥♥♥♥ Nethers are cheap enemies, guns are flawed and half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥..Nether takes the ladder as the disgusting chicken♥♥♥♥♥♥cheese that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥your brain worse than Shrek♥♥♥♥♥♥♥your mother last night. I could barely enjoy playing this game for the following reasons: IT'S♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥! SHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIT!!!♥♥♥♥ing nethers smell like♥♥♥♥♥onions, are half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and are easy to kill for the most part. They respawn NEVER EVER 4 EVER.Not only that, but the game's city is unrealistic. Detroit doesn't look as good as it does in this game. And the inhabitants look healthier than in real life.Trough my adventures trough the login system that equates for more that 2 hours of my playtime, I found that you couldn't delete mistakes if typed, that many times you couldn't log in (since I bought the game 1.5 years ago) that the game is full of typos that really make it clear that this game is made solely for MAKING MONEY!! MANEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEY"
76561198151064520,Recommended,247730,17451453,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,hiya pal,du u liek tu eet bunannnuz
76561198117431144,Recommended,247730,10837411,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Aetherial117,ill be honest. the game has quite the learnign curve and you will get frustrated when you get something awesome and die fom another player. but the more you play the better you get... and the game itself becomes very fun
,Not Recommended,247730,14144361,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,│ -Infamous * MotherFucker-,dont buy this ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ed up ♥♥♥♥ game
76561198126417780,Not Recommended,247730,11093182,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Max Critical,"ATTENTION !!!! Rip OFF !!! DO NOT BUY! If you value your hard earned money - don`t buy this peice of crap! Sorry I`ve tried to tolerate it - Countless BUGs, Collision issues, bad gameplay, bad engine, bad inventory. Send us more money for a special weapon schemes and all that bull♥♥♥♥. Please REPAIR YOUR GAME !!! It is supposed to be not BETA anymore! Mothefu..."
,Recommended,247730,10022980,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,SweetCheeks <B>,"This game is already very good for a pre-release! It has elements of DayZ, Minecraft, COD, and Slender!The beginning is a little bit of a pain do to the fact you must find everything. You also have to start over EVERYTIME you die."
76561198059378161,Recommended,247730,10876297,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Counter Sexual,its gr8
76561198074346547,Recommended,247730,10829063,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Deal With It,"For Anyone who have played S.T.A.L.K.E.R, this is a much like that and pretty good. Even tough there're bugs still not fixed,  but overall it's quite good. (B)"
76561198053903161,Recommended,247730,10506131,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,dhcamper,wonderful game great feel to it 10/10 best urban survival i ever played
76561198057601671,Not Recommended,247730,10721143,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,A Fucking PFC,Stuck in spectating mode cant even spawn
,Recommended,247730,10975021,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,DamarusRex,"I've not been too far in the game (chara lvl21 max so far), but i have the feeling this game should be considered at many points!In term of atmosphere mostly. The Unreal Engine 3 is not really pushed to its best in Nether, but it adds some effects worth the effort. Talking truth, this game is so far the only that made me really think of a cursed world, fallen to monsters, creepy in every place. The work on Sound in Nether is nice, the empty streets had never been so horribly alive, thanks to the far aways moanings and the wind. With it, the particles system (newspaper flying around) and the grass movement gets it right.So, I can assure you this game is one of the most immersive survival I ever played.Now in term of gameplay, it's all good, classic i'd say. You can prone, crouch, run, sprint, jump etc. You have no cursor, so you need ironsight to aim. That adds difficulty and realism. Still, the gameplay is too shy.I'd enjoy being able to throw a rock to make diversion, being able to use a ""kick"" to push ennemies or make them fall. A slide could be useful too (with an compatible level design). And finally revising the tchat system which is not beginner-friendly.I like the fact this game has no vehicle system because of the mess in the streets.The quest system is fine, but there again, too shy. You can only pick up pakcages from one town to another and that's it. There are no ""wild"" NPC in the games, nobody you can come across, giving you missions you didn't plan to do. It would make the game more dynamic. Yes there are escort Missions, but it needs more stuff to make this game content interesting.There are also ""events"", like assault or town defense. These are entertaining.And finally the loots are well balanced, not too much, not to few, they come right at times.The skill tree is a nice idea even if you can't really tell what has changed directly. But the good point is that it's not too big, you can get it all quite fastly and the rest of your survival is up to your experience.Well now Nether has a lot to work with until it gets a real game. Starting with the realisation. 80% of the environnement has no collision and you can walk through most objets, even walls sometime!Then they gotta fix the overall character animations. They look like they don't belong to this game at all, nor human race... terrible animation work.The interfaces when you trade an NPC are so bad. I know it's not the most important point, but it's not good looking, nor easy to use.As a personnal request i wish there was various dynamic climates or weather events, like hell rain, burning days (mirage effect), or storm (push you while moving outdoor).And in priority, as i'm a PVP hater, I'd enjoy a PVE server list, where you can't hurt other players, but passing by or giving help.Nether makes me think of ""Tom Clancy's The Division"" in an indy way."
76561198094546670,Not Recommended,247730,10454169,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,The Little Seal,I rather give my dog 10 dollars and buy one of her pieces of sh*t over buying this game.
,Not Recommended,247730,29030631,Posted: 5 January,all,-=iTB=- Sabrecat,"Bought this package after I saw Vanoss and H2ODelirious goofing off in a YouTube vid. I know that the game is survive by anymeans, but when you're insta-killed by people in the (alledged) safe zone, where's the fun? This is a game that had potential and somehow squandered it."
76561198047013570,Recommended,247730,14348499,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,JPPK,Real Awesome Game but they should add vehciles
,Recommended,247730,10745799,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,dr0ne,nice
,Recommended,247730,8506615,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,HellRiser666,Unica coisa que falta no jogo é uma maneira de fugir dos bixin cotoco t-t
76561198109911164,Recommended,247730,10765228,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,brandonFPS,IF YOU DONT HAVE IT I FELL SORRY FOR U
,Recommended,247730,10472944,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Quaaaz,"Wow much fun such cravendale! In my honest opinion I think cravendale ""whole milk"" is a lot better and frankly more usefull than the so called ""semi-skimmed"" milk. If wanting to purchase this milk be sure the check your local asda or co-op for great deals on cravendale milk!"
,Not Recommended,247730,17685936,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Cobain,I remmeber when this game first came out i bought it right away. Expecting a promosing survival game with good developers. They promised that they'd have all of chiacgo unlocked before release. Instead we got swamps and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥pay to win PAID game. ♥♥♥♥ these♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ass devs in their ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ass♥♥♥♥
76561197997346107,Not Recommended,247730,10781293,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Nixon!,"They overshot this game in the description and trailers. Not listed as ""Alpha"" either... I'm suprised I didn't get an .exe called ""lololotestgame.exe""First off, I'm not a hater. I am in Love with the enviorment and they did a great job with the weapons and skinning. However, The Server list in this game takes 10-15 Minutes JUST TO RESPOND... -.- An amateur coder I know who created his own multiplayer mod made a full fast functioning server list in a day. #sad. The water in the game was glitchy and the pshyx suck in it so much that you get stuck in it and when you try to quit the game (of course you cannot alt f4) you must be still, my player is glitching all over the damn place and I cannot run, jump or walk so it forced me to C.A.Delete and force shut down this game.You guys rushed the release. Needs at least a year or more put into it. Total trash for $2.99. Already put in my dispute with PayPal."
,Not Recommended,247730,10776261,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Yuyam,"This game is unfinished, unbalanced, and pay 2 win. It seriously looks like a Pre Alpha, i never see any loot and sometimes i'm killed when i respawn. I had a good laugh when i played with my buddies, but that's the only fun i had so far in this game. I rate this game 2/10"
,Recommended,247730,10768010,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,禪 sx,Classy game.
76561198071545374,Not Recommended,247730,11399140,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Pelajar,"I play games here and there and I can say that Nether is made only for those who are into serious PvP and hardmode FPS games. For someone like me who doesn't really commit to any particular game, this game is impossible. Nethers aggro very easily and you lose all of your equipment when you die. On top of that other players will 99% try to kill you to loot your weapons, ammo and healing items. Yes, you get a chance to recover your dropped items when you die, but if you happen to die far from a spawn point then tough luck, chances are, you'll either die again on your way there from nethers or other player OR your dropped items have already despawned. very frustrating when you have spent the last 2 hours farming to get a weapon and lose it the next minute.Also, this game is not for people who likes to play solo. you will get swarmed by either nethers or other players. so if you will get this game even after reading this review, better make sure you join a tribe.So nether would be an amazing game for people who are totally into PvP FPS. But it is definitely not for me, I would rather play something that would give me less challenge but allow me to explore the world without dying every 15 minutes and lose all of my gear."
76561198069247347,Not Recommended,247730,10727871,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Admiral Drah,Got shot at as soon as I was out of a safe zone. 0/10 DayZ with monsters.
76561198091509519,Recommended,247730,10984676,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Pizza,"I really have enjoyed the game so far. It isn't like your typical survival game like find food and drinks and fight other players. Dont get me wrong it still has things like that, but there is so much more to do like escort missions or securing a safezone.It also has some vehicles like a hand glider or a dirt bike. And the crafting system is fine with me. The game is fun solo and pretty scary but with freinds it just makes it infinitely funner. So if you have a freind then this is a great game for you to buy.Note:there is microtransactions but you can just buy alot of those items with cash you find in the world."
,Not Recommended,247730,10761041,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Bacillb,"Worst♥♥♥♥♥♥ever, can't even start it."
,Not Recommended,247730,10723683,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,{Doc}Cleric,"Unplayable currently. Server browser freezes for about 5 minutes, then once you get into game you're stuck spectating for 5-20 minutes before you get to character creation. Buyer beware. This is alpha-quality software being passed off as a full game."
76561198095277519,Recommended,247730,9398740,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Octurian,"this game is so much fun. guns survival, DEMONS.better than dayz"
76561198029344716,Recommended,247730,9396889,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Ship Master 24,"Fantastic game, Hard alone but better with friends *****"
,Not Recommended,247730,10766410,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,AreaOfEffect,"Extremely buggy, even the server browser. Took a while to get into the game. Outside world is safer than ""safezones""! I don't even care about money, just don't waste your ""time"" with this game. I hope it'll give a more polished experience later."
,Recommended,247730,8250610,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,SplinterV.,Me like
,Not Recommended,247730,33130164,Posted: 2 July,all,BmK#,High end PC but this game keep lagging. Do not buy it unless you know the proper magic trik to get to work.
,Not Recommended,247730,33209488,Posted: 3 July,all,Segway Jesus,The game was garbage in the first hour of playing
,Not Recommended,247730,18924023,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Lokki,"He's dead, Jim."
76561198023763365,Not Recommended,247730,32835379,Posted: 26 June,all,Morran,♥♥♥♥♥game 6 players worldwide
,Not Recommended,247730,33017022,Posted: 29 June,all,Ðom,Welp. Any other review already summed up what I think.
76561198062383272,Not Recommended,247730,33154279,Posted: 2 July,all,The_storyteller,"Very Dead, Do not buy"
76561198080624739,Recommended,247730,8565706,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Booman1010™,"great game i highly recommend, its even better with friends to run a small goup. even in alpha it runs smoothly with no bumps"
,Recommended,247730,13287751,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Azthetik,NETHER RESURRECTED IS AmAZING. I missed this game SO much.
76561198047237247,Not Recommended,247730,12504165,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,cale.brame,"I spawned into the game after a couple months hiatus of playing a couple hours on it. interesting start, decided to spawn into the safezone. low and behold, as soon as i spawn it gets raided by the reaper's. so i hurry my♥♥♥♥♥outta there and try my luck out in the wastes. Surely enough i loot two dumpsters and find some food and healing supplies! nice! i walk for a bit, and spot a single small nether. i give a couple shots its way and kill the beast. To which i immediately hear more gunfire right behind me. my screen flashes red! was i attacked by another nether i never saw, and someone is trying to be a gentlebeing and help?Ha. ♥♥♥♥ this game. dude followed me the entire time from the safezone out. no gear when i respawned. take away the pvp and ill come back. til then, goodbye ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game."
76561198107740176,Not Recommended,247730,12530066,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Lethal,doesnt even work lots of people have the same issue do not buy waste of space !
76561198134027540,Not Recommended,247730,12537084,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Fullmetalalkami,ABSOLUTE BUGGY TRASH. CAPS RAGE
,Not Recommended,247730,12575871,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,anonymousrelated,"I'm going to make this short and sweet. The game is beyond words for it's inability to allow players to simply, play. If a server has 0 players in it, you can't join the server. Which leads me to question how the game even has ANY servers up and running. Each time I log in, there are ZERO players in any of the US-West servers. Meaning I have to play with people on other locations of US, or even EU if there isn't any US-East players. Guns are horribly imbalanced, and the company seems to not have any care for updating their game. The new gamemode they added in, is equally as bad. Everyone just camps super hardcore, making those players who are dead having to sit and watch seven or more minutes of people crouched in a corner hiding like that's the objective of the game. I'm hoping that the company reads these reviews and actually takes the time to update their game more frequently and make it much better than what it is. Because at current, it's garbage."
76561198054770742,Not Recommended,247730,12587108,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Pete,In the beginning the game looked promising but over time the game gets boring. I think this game is Warz (Infestation: Survivor Stories) but with other clothes.
,Not Recommended,247730,12620744,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Rob_Wolf_,"I bought it because it had potential in the begining but now its just utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ bad all around not even worth it, can't believe they ♥♥♥♥ed it up this bad when it had such a good start. DISAPOINTED!!!!"
76561198116248660,Not Recommended,247730,12631598,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Muzz™,"well i've played 34 minutes of this game and none of it has been actual gameplay just the launching screen, i wouldn't recommend this game to anyone as you can't physically play it so you are just wasting your money. I don't know what the developers were thinking when they thought they would make a game which you can't even fu*king play."
76561198052404717,Not Recommended,247730,12634174,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Slay,"When I first saw this game's trailer, I thought it looked so promising. After only a few mins of play, I regretted paying full price and I knew I had made a huge mistake. The gameplay is terribly buggy, the A.I. is horrible. The character options are extremely limited. Don't make the mistake I did, save your money on something worth playing."
,Not Recommended,247730,12638324,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,rk,"Full disclosure: I never got as far as gameplay.I've never seen a game so broken.The account creation screen is all I saw and it doesn't work. Worse than just not creating an account - backspace key doesn't work so you need to type perfectly.The account troubleshooting links don't link anywhere, just opening blank windows.It feels like some toy project that the developers can't be bothered with any more.I find it hard to believe that the people who made this have a working game hidden away somewhere."
,Not Recommended,247730,12639592,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,bulletmagnet,"Load of♥♥♥♥♥♥cant bind my own keys,got shot within seconds of spawning.......needs 64 bit OP,I have had nothing but trouble since I bought it.My opinion &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;"
,Not Recommended,247730,12641087,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Soviet Senpai,Was good before. Now the devs have just given up on the game.
,Not Recommended,247730,12643846,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,P0z♛™,I would not Recommend this game to no one that has 32 bit computers because it's just a waste of money and i want a refund  to get a 32 bit working game. But i really love this game i see otheryoutubers play it and i really love it but still a waste of money for me. :(
76561198123373271,Not Recommended,247730,12710502,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,BOT Lulu,"I never actually got to play the game because creating an account seemed to be impossible. My account never logged on with ID/password combo I had, and after contacting their support twice about the issue I gave up. Recovering the password for some reason didn't work for me, and the supports solution was always to give me a different ID to log on with... I've never had so much trouble with one account, without ever getting in the game. I'm not sure if anyone else experienced similar issues, but what I can for sure state that everything is not okey when the support gives you a different login ID for the same account claiming it is the original correct one and you've just forgotten it, when in fact you have their previous email to prove that was not the ID you created in the start."
76561198041292012,Not Recommended,247730,12496137,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,𝕞𝕒𝕟,"Nether is, obviously, still a work in progress, but I would hold off on getting it if I were you.  Most of the gameplay consists of getting completely dissoriented and unbearably lost until somebody one-shots you from out of nowhere.  There's no chance to defend yourself or even duck in cover because the creators aspired for the game to be so ""realistic"" that pistol bullets do 87% of your health per shot, and the only way to survive is to destroy fellow humanity around you and kill other players, which is infuriating to freshly spawned players that can't even get to a safezone before getting sniped.  On top of all of this, upon death, you lose all of your non-aparrel items and a good chunk of cash, plus all of your player levels and skill points.  This discourages the hard work you put towards gaining all of this, including spending extra money, and there's absolutely nothing you can do about it if someone decides to be a paranoid prick and pull the trigger.Until the game is rebalanced, segregated for separate PvE/PvP servers, and more focused on surviving the Nether onslaught rather than hiding in the safezone because you're afraid you'll be shot the second you step outside, don't play this game."
,Not Recommended,247730,12560684,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,BatBoi,This game is.....meh.........it is way to hard to level and need new and better guns then what they have as of now........ i like this game but its in alpha still so give it a break you trolls out there......as of now i do not recommend it untill it is better
,Not Recommended,247730,12627674,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,SundownMaverick,DO NOT GET THIS GAME IT IS ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE IT MAKES ME FEEL PHYSICALLY SICK THAT I SPENT £7 ON IT! DO NOT MAKE MY MISTAKE!!! IT'S TOO LATE FOR ME BUT NOT FOR YOU
,Not Recommended,247730,12585730,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Babyfacekilluh,"Very PVP, Nether are not much of a threat, great game if you like to create clans and bully other players or newbs. Not very user friendly to new players, and tons of campers waiting just outside of the safe zones waiting to take you for everything you have."
,Not Recommended,247730,12505160,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,naga,"rolled a blunt all excited to play, got stupid on that loud ran around delivering packages for 15-20 mins.  Got a gun with like three bullets see some guy chasing me with a knife, no prob ill waste this fool,  shoot him 3 times and I die :(.  This happened like 4 or 5 times then I quit.  Seems fun in premise execution blows though."
,Not Recommended,247730,12505707,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Lilfuzzy,♥♥♥♥ THE DUMB PEICE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME!!!! ive tried for 4 hours for it to log me into the game i created my account linked it with steam but when i verified it. It takes me to its website and it shows that im not logged so i log in and it says not correct or not valid. so i try to launch the game and it logs in and it says status: launching game so i thought ok it will work i ended up waitng and wasting 2 and a half hours waiting for it to even open the game. so NEVER buy this game
76561198139798113,Not Recommended,247730,12532615,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Gruntdaddy,It has very little direction and is too complicated. Get 7 days to die instead
76561198007475516,Not Recommended,247730,12537848,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Akuen,"ehhhhhhh not really sure if I like it. Laggy servers, insta killed on leaving safe zone. way too challenging to find a weapon to fight vs those who have guns. The framwork is good I just expected something more complete. More day Z or 7 days to die like. At least make the looting like 7 days to die. Much more practical."
76561198044770956,Not Recommended,247730,12714213,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,twitch.tv/chillypill,"I was excited to see Nether on sale on Steam, not only have i been waiting to buy it but now i also had a weekend coming up to play it in.OH BOY was i disapointed.I've spent a few hours after i quit.no monsters to find, no materials to find, no players to find, barely any NPC's even in the safezones ( wtf ?!? ).And also i died after i walked in a little pool of water, didnt know the water was ♥♥♥♥ing magically toxic or eletricified in this game...over all, the game seems very empty with nothing to do and not much information when you are in the game.when i run over things like small door stepps it kinda like gets stuck bouncing up and down untill i jump or try from another angle, also this happends in many other places.Turning around feels un-natual, almost like an old game.It is not easy to figure out what the heck you do in this game.3/10 so faar, only nice thing in the idea and the envoirement, its just not nearly finished.cheers"
76561198083233852,Recommended,247730,7928595,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Extr@ 🔰 Monster,this game is so goood
,Not Recommended,247730,8746429,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,MishMash ♛ KoD ✟,I loved this game put over 200 hours into it when it came out and thought the devs were good and they were at first releasing updates every so often but now the game is dead and not worth your money so stay clear!!
,Not Recommended,247730,10788655,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Barnacle,"When I first started playing this game, it was still in devolpement. Since then they have added Golems which are Gorilla like creatures who can teleport behind you and one shot you with their giant fists. Then they added bikes, flying demonic cretures, and took away all of the guns and replaced them with broken parts that you have to make poorly constructed guns. That's only if you're able to stay alive long enough to gather the materials to craft it. So while there are several different types of Nether, which ALWAYS call for others you also have to worry about hunger, thirst, PVP and the safezones getting attacked by the ""demons"". Most of the time you're armed with nothing but a kitchen knife. That's too much on my plate."
,Not Recommended,247730,12755197,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,ASVPZANE,"Where the ♥♥♥♥ are our AP (Asian Pacific) servers?It's been like this for a couple of months now and you DEV's can't pull your ♥♥♥♥ing finger out of your♥♥♥♥♥and at least include a ♥♥♥♥ing AP server for those members who have actually bought your ♥♥♥♥ing product who don't get great PING from EU/US servers, such as myself. I paid $50 and participated in the BETA, before this game even hit Steam. Complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Doubt this will ever happen because the team is in for PROFIT, even if it means cutting resources being used by this community. Sort your priorities out."
76561198049577176,Recommended,247730,10752321,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Link,can be buggy and frustrating at times but I still love it! Theres nothing quite like feeling the terror of running from teleporting monsters or trying to make it to a safe zone while it gets dark and youre running out of food with no flashlight. Would definately recomend. (Just get past the initial problems and you'll be set)
,Not Recommended,247730,13836113,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,B1ack,They would be better off saying that this is in its alpha stages.
76561198073916451,Recommended,247730,11633034,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,MrSupermariovilonce1,"Nether is another fantastic version of DayZ. It has great graphics and smooth controls. there are some minor bugs and collision errors with some objects but is still very fun to play, including with online players. The game has alot of fun aspects that make up a survival game and when you die, the player always learns from his/her mistakes. When I first played, I died like every 3 minutes but then as time passed, i started to get used to the game and I started to die less and less frequently. I really love how the way this game is going although it would be nice to have some armor implemented. the map is very big which is very good for exploring, I ove the clan system and everything about this game is looking great, other than the minor bugs which will probaly be no problem to fix. I love and I hope it will improve and continue being a great game.Would recommend it to others"
76561197971522555,Recommended,247730,10367774,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,cjstone,"I have played - I have been here - there is no more visceral game with both humans and Nether taking you down. Every death teaches you a little bit more. Every time you think you could extend yourself you get cut down. I have made it into a safe zone with 6 points of health left.Don't die, don't win - survive and explore. Earn your respect."
,Recommended,247730,9878496,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Shredthegnar,This is one of the best games I have bought on steam to date. It has eerything that day z has and more. A global inventory to store your stuff in so you dont lose it all when you die to me makes it a much more enjoyable experience. And lets face it a group system and in game map isn't  bad either. If you want a great game at a great price I recommend this!
,Recommended,247730,8612012,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Starway Engineer,"This game is set in a post-apocalyptic ruined environment, and the mood has been nailed completely. The graphics, even on low quality, are completely beautiful. And I don't use the word beautiful often.The gameplay involves dodging teleporting zombies called Nether, avoiding or killing other players, and scavenging weaponry and essentials to survive.If you have a weak heart, caution. It will be beating out of your chest.If you don't mind panicking at what will have their cross-hairs on your head around every corner, this game is incredibly fun. If everything in this game were possible, it would be beyond realistic.I recommend it."
,Recommended,247730,10105774,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Hunter'sGaming,Love this game!
76561198046075462,Recommended,247730,10115111,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,StinkyPete17,"The first thing that sticks out in nether is the atmosphere. You realize taht this isn't a good place to be and you are going to want some friends. Although most people will kill you on sight, playing with friends really adds to the expierence. Slowly leveling you characters and working together doing escort missions or capturing a territory for your tribe. Then one of you teamates gets sniped and all hell breaks lose, literally hell,  nethers are just like demons. This games really is a bunch of fun and definetly worth it."
76561198120782804,Recommended,247730,10105796,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,27 Savage,It is a really fun survival game. The only complaint is that you can't spawn on people in your group.
,Recommended,247730,10115125,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Swoon,"First day playing, got stabbed with a katana over a bag of crunchy bens. Got my revenge by luring 2 golems to him.10/10 story plot"
,Recommended,247730,10091321,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Unknown,"Yes, yes ,yes ,yes. Out of all the survival games I've played so far (most of the popular ones and a few not so popular ones) nether is by far the best multiplayer one. Great gameplay and amazing updates almost every month. As a warning though there are quite a few bugs, but you get amazing content and a stunning world to play in. 8/10 Rust: 6/10 Day Z: 7/10 Contagion: 5/10"
,Recommended,247730,10121417,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,AyyLmao,"people are asses, but if you like dayz or multiplayer hoard games like that, i personally like Nether better plus you could always join a faction"
,Recommended,247730,10051148,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Xiniox,OMG WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ DID HE SHOOT ME!? I HAD SO MUCH STUFF!!!
,Recommended,247730,9283732,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Welk0r,"Great game! Well worth playing if you liked left for dead and similar games, survival is key...but it's hard ;)"
,Not Recommended,247730,10787265,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,SherShow сука блять,"Didn't work!If you want to play: ""forget about that!""If more than 3 players want to play in the same time you will be kicked from game and all servers become down."
,Recommended,247730,8750339,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,c00kiebunny,"Nether is a must have game if you like games that give you nightmares.  Intially, it doesn't look that scary, however try playing it in a dark room with a headset.  My first impression of the game was negative to be honest, it really annoyed me that everytime I died I would reset level wise and lose anything I was carrying.  However, after dying too many times to count, I have come to appreciate this.  In most games, if I die it annoys me and I grumble, but it doesn't actually affect my game in any real way.  In Nether, I'm terrified to die.  I hear the crunch of footsteps, nether noises, and gunshots even after I've put the game away.  This experience is one of a kind, and it hooked me.In terms of bugs, updates and general technical experience, Nether can be a bit bothersome.  Sometimes it is difficult to pick up items, although moving backwards usually helps.  I haven't seen any serious graphical issues in the game which I am really, really impressed by since it is in its' beta and pretty new.Normally I like to be sort of friendly in MMOs, but Nether is sort of a ""shoot first ask questions later"" sort of game.  In most servers, I find people don't really speak much to one another (I didn't even notice there was a chat option for like 3 hours) and its usually pretty hostile if they do.  I suggest pairing up with a few friends when you start this game otherwise the other groups in the game are going to take you down pretty quickly and there is little opportunity to make friends in the game.  People will often just kill you for no reason, however that's to be expected.  I had someone ""hunt"" me for 2 hours, following me around in map until I finally almost had a nervous breakdown and died of starvation in the subway (a very dark moment in my life).All in all, I really recommend the game.  The devs are great, always doing updates and adding to the game as well as keeping us all updated with patch notes.  Really immersive, intense and amazing!"
,Recommended,247730,8418242,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,MrBloodGaming,This game used to be amazing. The Original Developers have messed it all up. Now they have sold it and left the game broken.
,Recommended,247730,9310125,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,quizd,"VERY promising. Loads of buggs still left to erase, But the updates comes flying so no worries. (Alpha stage)"
76561198121364131,Not Recommended,247730,10306810,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Squire Nutz,this game is so glitchy yet so dumb by how you have to buy three differnt games for a better Nether screw that
,Not Recommended,247730,10731368,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,TheQuintessentialGamer,My game gets stuck in login between mber and steam so I can't even play.
,Recommended,247730,10776085,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,John F. Kennedy,"DO NOT BUY BEFORE LOOKING AT ALL THE PROBLEMS ON FORUM! I THOUGH IT WAS  A GOOD BUY BUT LIKE THE MISTAKES OF THOUSANDS OF OTHERS HAVE MADE, THEY DIDNT RELIZE THE SYSTEM IS STILL EXTREMLY BUGGY TO THE POINT WHERE THE GAME WONT EVEN LAUNCH! PLEASE READ UP BEFORE WASTING YOUR MONEY ON AN UNPLAYABLE GAME!"
76561198097097249,Recommended,247730,9393122,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,ory,a man gunned me down for some crunchy bens
,Not Recommended,247730,10733433,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Massaki,"This game is a complete waste of time. There's no point in having a Safe-zone if it's bombarded every 10 minutes and has ""Nether-Repulsion"" errors every other 5 minutes. Bandits will kill you, there's little to no communication with those that are more overpowered than you.It also has one of those marvellous respawn systems where you'll lose EVERYTHING once you die. You have the chance to pick it up again in hope that someone else hasn't already stole it.The server list takes about 10 minutes to respond, I'm not even joking, it crashes your game. Is this seriously a full retail release???The core game and playing with your friends is really interesting but it's mared with the above problems, avoid this even at the lowest of prices with the hope that the following problems will be noticed and corrected by the developers."
76561198007643134,Recommended,247730,7931821,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Graverobber,awesome game cant wait till they build on this more.
,Recommended,247730,10726509,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Zardu Hasselfrau,I was playing this and i saw a grape ape. 1/1 would play again
,Recommended,247730,10760067,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,TacticianFromBattlegrounds,Can't even run the game. waste of money
76561198011520404,Recommended,247730,8536815,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Vulpin,Great fun with friends
,Not Recommended,247730,10797412,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Silky Love 百合,Menu loading simulator.
,Recommended,247730,12846698,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Invicies,"Out of the 6.7 hours I have played this game, I had thought for it to be fun. Sure, there's a few glitches here and there, but it is after all still in heavy development. One thing that is notable is the graphics in game, textures randomly bug out and some textures even look like gray bricks. I had found out this was due to the fact that I had my settings extremely low, so I turned them up to high, the game looks much better with higher settings on graphics.Basically, you are spawned at a random location which can either be a city, or a large swamp. Many buildings in the swamp are sunken into the ground and surrounded by water, so you cannot obtain many resources or anything around the swamps. After around 45 minutes in, I had noticed that I had a package to deliver. I walked for what seemed to be around 20-30 minutes to this dropzone, only to be shot by a random uknown player. I was particularly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at this, considering I had heard before of the bandits who watch the outskirts of the safezones.After respawning, I attempted to go back to the dropzone to deliver the package, the second I stepped inside the safehaven the Nether swarmed it. That's right, you are NEVER safe. Nether can destroy nodes around the safehaven and gain access to it. If players do not repair the nodes, the entire safehaven can be unusable for a whole HOUR. After quickly running out to avoid the following raid/surge of Nether, I was gunned down instantly by a random player, from across the map. Boy oh boy, hackers/glitchers are a HUGE problem in this game. Especially on populated servers.The major downside however, is it seems to be a Pay-2-Win game. Which basically means that it's filled with microtransactions for basically any good piece of gear. Since I had a hefty amount of gold, I decided to purchase an AR and a Gas mask. Boy was that a waste of the $9 extra dollars for this game. As soon as I walked out, I was again, immediatly gunned down and looted.I'll recommend this game to anyone who doesn't mind dying often, or anyone who enjoys actual survival. The Nether are vicious and deadly when unprepared, and you never know when one thing could go entirely wrong the second you turn a corner.I'll give this game a 6/10."
76561198099270516,Recommended,247730,8528065,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Dom,"altough the game is in beta it of course has its glicthes and bugs but this game has a good story and they keep fixing and adding new things every patch this game also makes you think much harder than you normally would which makes it harder but more fun it has its jumpscares for people who love horror, so if you want an awesome horror survival game get nether you won't be disapointed"
76561198067686724,Not Recommended,247730,23889832,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ComradeDoggo,It's DEAD... AgainDont buy it if you dont want to waste your money in a game that is no longer followed by the developers.
,Recommended,247730,13191220,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Jgfenix,"Although it says i have played the game, all that time is in the launcher, where, whenever I try to log in, I get the error message:Status: Failed. Steam client must be running if you bought Nether from Steam and have not linked your Mber account.If anybody knows how to fix this please message me or reply immediately."
76561198152379740,Recommended,247730,17344919,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,deadly dax,challengeing fun game i recomend it cause of the fact its a game about where the world ends up screwed yet there are people hanging on to life this game includes bandits murderers nice people that may help you along the way and your old average noob which one am i you wonder well join and meet me at a safe zone to find out
,Recommended,247730,7629385,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,[SS] Oberführer,Funnest game there is! GET IT NOW
76561198030208453,Not Recommended,247730,12480621,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Xhalxz,"Impairedcommunty,crapgaming and goochie geek lied super ♥♥♥♥ing hard"
57575767577755775,Recommended,247730,8825149,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,jeebs,"A really good game, for an early access! The best, really!Good graphics!"
,Recommended,247730,8744227,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Aes,I enjoy this game.
76561198125492658,Recommended,247730,9336172,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,HugsB4Bullets,"love the game and cant wait to see how far it can go, one thing id like to see is being able to keep maybe 1 thing upon death when first starting out for new players because you do die a lot when 1st starting out but id highly recomend the game to gamers who play first person shooters. honestly cant get enough of it XD"
,Recommended,247730,10913516,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,:-) champinj0n,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing dumb. Full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥, annoying and rude players. I spawned in and this guy started attracting huge ♥♥♥♥ing monsters towards me. When I was done killing them, he came with new ones. 10/10 would buy this again."
76561198118856189,Not Recommended,247730,11795963,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,KING BOX,"it was good game in the beginning all the way up to around feb or march. every time i dipped below extremely critical and the noise blurred out being replaced by my own heart thumping, in and out of the game, made the experience so intense, along with the aptmospheric graphics and noises, it was brilliant. but then there was hackers. but the thing is, hackers was the least of the devs worries in my opinion. they made the game less fun, true, but the thing is, the devs destroyed the game.as more arcadish like features poured out to the game as well as more youtube callabs came out making the game a luaghing stock to some people, it became... pathetic. i felt no intensity, what so ever. the entire game just became a ""hey look at these cool things were adding in! like being able to play as an enemy!"" which by the way annoyed me so much, not because id die more or anything, but because it was losing its intense features, all of the old features seemed to look obsolete in the eys of the devs, and in my honest opinion i dont understand why they broke there own game. oh well, i guess this is the risk of early access games..."
,Not Recommended,247730,11011848,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,NameD,"Just don't buy this game.At first, you'll experience bugs relating with Steam Account Syncing to their own Account System.Secondly, you'll get frozen on the server browser. (You may check the Steam Forum for player help)Thirdly, you'll get a 'ghost-spectator' mode  after choosing the server.And all of without help by their helpdesk.Don't fool yourself, this game is neither finished, neither beta. It may be called Alpha, but i've seen better alpha stage games."
,Recommended,247730,11198295,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Pitakos123,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing Awesome !!!
,Recommended,247730,10811246,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,[Random inv = removed] Smokey,"For just £1 per month, you can sponsor me to blow my brains out everytime I unfairly get killed in this game!"
,Recommended,247730,10208167,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Pandoopoo,"Dodge- ""much worth, such scare""cat- ""Heavy breathing""<3"
76561198085952345,Recommended,247730,10716162,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Junpinox,"THIS GAME ♥♥♥♥ING BLOWS! DONT BUY THIS!!!! ITS A TRAP! YOU CAN'T EVEN LOG IN WHEN CONNECTING THROUGH STEAM! THIS IS A POORLY MADE GAME. WHEN REGESTERING YOU CANT EVEN BACKSPACE! WHEN I TRY TO LOG IN ALL I GET IS ""login failed"""
,Not Recommended,247730,13609609,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Stealth,Waste of money!!!!!!!!
76561198083946302,Not Recommended,247730,14250622,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Bible Black: Ep 5 uncensored,"DON'T BUY THIS!I would review this, but I can't because I can't even get past creating a account! Once I fixed that I tried playing it but it didn't work. I tried every possible fix and none worked. I even sent a message to the Nether support team a message saying what didn't work and they suggested the same things. I can't even get a refund! However there is a fix for this... By not buying the game."
,Not Recommended,247730,13335476,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,spookyB ;),"Thanks for the great laggy knife animations, Phosphor Games.Not only does this game lag on loading screens, it has you create an account to play.Seriously? We made Steam accounts to avoid this, and now a hyped up game is throwing that crap at your face.Graphic wise, it's so highly boosted starting that I can't move without dropping frames.For the time I played, I never was able to see one Alien, and eveytime I entered a new server I would instantly lag.Have I mentioned how laggy this game is? 'Cause it's laggy no matter what my settings were on.If you're looking for a cookie-cutter laggy first-person idiot alien sim, then Nether is your game."
76561198077783729,Not Recommended,247730,10811601,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,CrsH,"o Jogo é Podre, mobilidade RUIM, Mobs Bugados e Atacam feiamente. totalmente desproporcional  o jogo te força e tentar jogar em ""Stealth"" só que não te dá condições a fazer o mesmo. se com graficos no máximo o jogo tem aquele ""gráfico"" ali tenho até medo de por uma textura baixa pra ver a situação.e esse papo de ""Alpha"" o jogo está em ""Alpha"" não cola mais comigo .. todo mundo que abre jogo agora diz que o jogo é alpha e passa anos em ""Alpha"" e nada Muda no decorrer.Dica: Não Gastem seu dinheiro com esse jogo."
76561198023057090,Recommended,247730,9706132,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,keeper_secrets,So Great ! The game is the best !  And they just keep updating it :D
,Not Recommended,247730,7688944,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,theFEARhunter,"Welp, looks like this game is done. Devs have abandoned it to go and work on other ""projects"". Will never be touching another game from these people again..."
76561198078221060,Not Recommended,247730,8336392,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,mr robot,"stupid support!absolutely annoying,even for an early access game.i never expect this kind of technical bug,and it's not free. unbelievable, i cannot say how angry i am,for the technical bug,the sync account was the first problem,extremely annoying,(i mean ,i bought this game,i didn't download it for free,i didn't expect this kind of thing would occur),and then downloading game data, why would you not,add resume capability?i have download it for several hours,(4 hour to be exactly,and iwas near the end, till i accidenlty closed,and it's come back from 0%,and i thought to mysel,why there is loading words after signing(checking game data,retrieving checksum,but it didn't get resume,while i almost fully download it?,i still can manage my angriness by the time,but then new one comes,i again to download the game,but i must left really early on 5%.and i left thr computer turned on(while the monitor is off,without any application active beside steam and nether launcher of course,(even windows explorer!(like desktop and start mode on windows 8),after i got back for 8 hours,i was completly excited to play this game ,and its gone after i turned on the monitor,(the pc still turned on of course,then i completely rage,by how the♥♥♥♥♥this game stuck on 14%??? its not the internet,cause ,i'tried to push anything else in the launcher ,and it just freeze(only the nether launcher,the steam is completely unharmed and smooth!),then i killed nether launcher by task manager,then i tried to open it again,guess what??!!!? its restarting again!!!!! form 0 fckin % WTF!?!?!for all people who yet to buy this game ,just dont,just dont,just wait till it releasedAND YOU SHOULD REMEMBER THIS KIND OF PROBLEM HAPPEN ON GAME THAT NOT FREE,ITS $20(CHEAPEST PACK),TRULY HORRENDOUS SUPPORT BY THE THE  DEVELOPER,SHOULD HAVE BEEN BETTER"
76561198045288346,Recommended,247730,8327179,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,guy whos good haha u died,nerf shriekers 9/10
,Recommended,247730,9364048,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,OblongTerror,I really hate this game but I end up coming back to it just to hate it some more.
,Recommended,247730,8539123,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Soup,"amazingly sexy. i had to change my pants, like, 5 different times due to various involuntary and voluntary excrements"
76561198055963732,Recommended,247730,9212995,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,snipe2911,I like this game a lot at times but it can be pretty buggy in the beta state. The only major problem is all the kos and it happens on every server. I know it's not the games fault but still it's annoying. Anyway its a great game in general if you like zombie fps games. I also think this game has lots of potential as it's only in beta.
,Recommended,247730,9205529,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,TyberiusCZ,"Nether is very good horror/stealth game. I really lvoe it.. i bought it yesterday and i can't stop play it.Game have some glitches,but that's because its only beta version,if it'll be full that'll be best game ever. BUY IT! :)"
,Recommended,247730,9251986,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Hino,"The newest update for this game was a pretty decent patch. The game being MULTIPLAYER, which means pvp, is a good aspect, like what DayZ has. Overall, if you want a game similar to DayZ, but with teleporting monkeys trying to kill you, be my guest. Just watch out for those shriekers, they are by for the most dangerous enemy besides reapers ;_;"
76561198097361522,Not Recommended,247730,9416619,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Tj,Terrible mostly a pvp game and the game is mostly bugged and glitchy this is not a $14.99 worth spending
,Recommended,247730,9159277,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Proto Sniper,"Nether is a great game in my opinion but does need some improvement. I enjoy the safezone and crafting mechanics, but the weapons are unbalanced. I use the term unbalanced because level 1 players cannot get weapons, as players with guns will kill them mercelessly. I feel new players should have a pistol to start with, so they can have a chance to get better weapons. Overall, the game is very fun and terrifying at the same time. The new tribe feature that is being added will help the problem of new players being killed. I hope the game is improving, because it is still early access and anything could be changed or added."
,Recommended,247730,9134337,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Jake Da Snake,0/10 nothing like WarZ
76561198030408595,Recommended,247730,9721671,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,War Kid (PL),"Game is awesome, you can really feel like the world have ended! But be carefull, everyone in this game (despite me) is a @#$%^  %^@!%&# who is trying to kill you and grab your loot! Only one death per 15 i caused by monsters, which used to be the only danger."
76561198115772915,Recommended,247730,9032493,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Mr Fahrenheit,um jogo dificil mas♥♥♥♥♥♥tão bom quanto infestation o jogo tem um mapa extenso ao inves de zumbis tem aliens mas oque voce precisa se preucupar é com os players
,Recommended,247730,9666659,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Vayk,"It's a fairly good game, sort of like dayz in an more urban setting,also zombies are replaced nethers. Has better graphics and is more polished than dayz right now in my opinion. If you enjoyed rust and dayz this would be fun, a lot of kos though so dont buy if you dont like that aspect."
,Recommended,247730,9758778,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Kelzak,"This is probably the best survival apocolypse games out there. This game basically entails you starting out with a butter knife, and collecting loot to better equip yourself. You have to manage your food and water so that you can survive. There is an XP system which allows you to level up your character and aquire perks to make your survival easier, or easier to hunt and kill the ""zombie"" in this game known as nether, or easier to hunt and kill other players. The main types of loot you'll find are sellable items, health recovery items, food/water, ammo, and guns or gun parts to craft your own weapon.That is the main goal of the game, to survive and thrive. Now the thing that wards players off from these types of games is permadeath. I wasn't a fan of this game for the longest time until I noticed that they added something pretty neat. Along with your character level, there is an account level. This level will not be lost on death, and when it is leveled up, you will get perks that accumulate and are there everytime you play, even if you die. The perks can be very useful, like more cash everytime you spawn, more health, more carry weight, and I'm not very far in the levels yet. I really think this is a great feature, because even when I die I don't feel like I've wasted all those hours on that character just to get shot.Just a few more features that I would like to add which I appreciate are taunts, from flipping off the world, to dancing on corpses. Character customizations, with different outfits and hats and masks (There's a Deadpool mask too) which all can be bought with real or ingame currency, and stay with you no matter how many times you die. A balanced loot system in which loot isn't impossible, and it isn't around every corner.This game is updated more often and with more significant updates than any other Early Access game I've seen. If you're interested in this genre of game then I recommend you pick it up."
,Recommended,247730,10735110,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Michael Scarn,72.5 out of 43.8 best walking simulator. It's better than DayZ and Infestation!
76561198048007668,Not Recommended,247730,11114090,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,MoRRaZ #Bankai - Farmskins.com,"Just like any other survival game, bunch of dumb@ss*s that kill you with a sniper or pistol while you just started to play and only have a knife. Dont waste money."
,Recommended,247730,11120455,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Rumor51,Fun game to play alone or with friends
76561198013271828,Recommended,247730,10220823,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,NordKung,"Great game, Small map atm, but still worlth a try !"
,Not Recommended,247730,10735932,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Hammer & Pickle,IT DONT WORK
76561198031131538,Not Recommended,247730,11583327,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,treeheehee,pointless
,Not Recommended,247730,10385085,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Spike1996,its a pece of♥♥♥♥♥♥I cant even play the game becouse my play nether acount wont like up with my steam acount this is bull I payed good money for this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you
,Not Recommended,247730,26402915,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,RagingB,"I played 52 hours with this game it was intense and fun until the devs abandoned the game, and the hackers took over. I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone since!"
,Recommended,247730,8193127,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Lou,"This game is buggy currently, but it is a great concept with amazing atmosphere. Would recomend picking it up for the winter sale price"
76561198143881246,Not Recommended,247730,13725960,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Dimitri Hoofskin,"Man , this ♥♥♥♥ing thing wont start even when i put my uber account its says steam client must be open"
,Not Recommended,247730,13787210,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,sandynut01,"Saw this game on steam downloaded it with Nether Arena, Can't seem to register just says Status: Creating Account so obviously game won't start it only cost a little but still i don't like throwing money away, I have searched everywhere for support but nothing forthcoming, The troubleshooter on the login dashboard won't open or any other link except the ""wiki"" link, Not worth the hassle is my opinion"
,Not Recommended,247730,13748270,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Biggu Bossu,This game enjoys eating♥♥♥♥
76561198116805790,Not Recommended,247730,10718992,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Lord Whittington,dont get this game i cant even start it up it just crashes or i get kicked from the server.
,Recommended,247730,10744693,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,TheZombie1337,"Absolutely great game thats come a long way. When you first buy this game you won't be able to play because you have to wait until you're verifed by Nether devs or whoever is in charge of that. So don't bother submitting a ticket theres no point; just wait. When you try to sync steam with Nether it won't let you until you're verified. I waited about 20 hours or so to get verifed, i didn't know about the verification process at first until i read around a bit. Ok, onto the game, the game was a bit scary at first for me, i didn't want to die and couldn't find much resources, i started with a small server with maybe 9 people in it. I began scavaging for food and resources. I found a bunch of weapons but no food. I've played maybe 2 hours now. I do highly recommend trying this as during the steam summer sale 2014 it was only 3 dollars."
,Not Recommended,247730,13700408,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Soul,why developers ? you kill this game :/
76561198119321594,Recommended,247730,12825147,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Victor Crowley,"let me start off by saying i love the game and am a fan of it... my last review was because of my cousin playing the game and thought he was on his own account idk why he said it was like l4d its more like l4d in a mmo type of way i guess. anyways the game SHOULD NOT be a complete game... its buggy as hell... but i dont care about bugs and all that, and ive heard of people saying somethin about hackers and the devs suck at making the game 1 i never seen a hacker in the game, but what i have seen is me being generius and giving a newb some ammo... turns out he wasnt a noob... and 2. i think the devs just took it off early access too early and i dont give a shitaki mushrooms♥♥♥♥♥about it.over all i recomend this game for that its a whole lot of fun and fyi dont be afraid of shooting your gun... be afraid of the guy who you just gave ammo to and is following you."
76561198035455156,Not Recommended,247730,10734421,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Putrefax,"For a 'released' game, it feels like something still in alpha or beta.Bugs to all hell: waypoints for missions show the location of the thing you JUST DID not where you need to go next, getting stuck in terrain, AI derps, game crashing trying to load servers, you name it there's something broken.Hitboxing is worse than the Source engine, even on objects and terrain. Do you love trying to shoot around a corner and hitting the corner itself? I don't, and when the corner is an arms length away something is just wrong. You can't even siddle up to most corners before the boxing stops you a meter away.Not going to whine about getting sniped outside spawn, thats kinda what you should expect in an mmo survival game - although the community is pretty hostile to newbies from what i've experienced.For a game that's as visually impressive as this one, it feels like remarkably little work has gone into this. It feels like they had a deadline to release it no matter what state it was in, and that's what's happened. This should still be in beta, and i hope the 'devs' realise this and start rolling out the fixes. I wanted my S.T.A.L.K.E.R. mmo so bad that i told myself i'd be willing to grin and bare the bugs, but this is actually attrocious to advertise as a completed game."
,Not Recommended,247730,22310766,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Vertex,"This game was so promising when it was first released, the devs actually updated the game frequently and it had a great community. My first nether experience was amazing I remember me actually shaking because I was so excited at first . The PVP was great and the encounters were amazing, but they gave up at one point they stopped giving weekly updates. When this happened it was free-roam for hackers. This game wasn't even playable , months later the devs actually say that they're sorry and just crap. This game was a scam, I wish steam refunds were a thing a while back..."
76561198067610624,Recommended,247730,10915013,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Cheerios,A must buy for lovers of fps and zombie games.
,Not Recommended,247730,12173576,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Ring_Burner80083,"i have now lost my patience with this game. uninstalling it. i bought it during the xmas sales and it had a lot of problems with crashing which was announced as the servers not being able to handle the high influx of people that, like me, found the sale price appealing. However after 9 months of owning the game and multiple updates, i am still crashing after 5-10 minutes of gameplay and cannot for the life of me get it fixed. im fed up now and gutted that money i spent is going to go to waste now. not everyone has had problems but for the majority of players i have seen on forums, they are also having bad issues. i do not recommend."
76561198042187446,Not Recommended,247730,12181464,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,RatPuke,"It's official, after 25+ hours of gameplay I am Nether going to play Nether again.Love the concept - it's the execution of the game play that ruins it.  Nether is a level PVE / PVP survival game in which your survivor is pitted against Nether (creatures) and other players.  You must scavenge to stay alive, which is almost a game in of itself.  Just when you kill a couple of Nether and spend a couple of level points some asshat 20 levels higher kills you.  No, it didn'y happen once, twice, it happens all the time.  Once you die, you start over... yah, yah, I know that is somewhat appealing but after countless hours of just trying to play the game some pimply red-headed boyscout flushes it down the drain.  No thanks creators of Nether."
,Recommended,247730,10807717,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,SnypaZprO=VX9=,hard to beleive this is just an alpha. this game is very well done. a few bugs but thats to be expected.this game has definatley held my interest for a week now and thats saying alot!!!
76561198053493930,Recommended,247730,10875092,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,SNAKE_PATR10T,A really interesting game; when it works
,Recommended,247730,8176278,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,[TFD] DrimR,"Please help me, failed login , dont sync steam and I have Sync Steam"
,Not Recommended,247730,22196337,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,DeadlyCakes,Not worth it. Do not buy. Nothing to do.
,Recommended,247730,10081698,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Thanat0s #GeT VaC,"Hi, guys,I would like to tell you about the better and the most scary game type of Survival.So Nether is game FPP and not like a DayZ or WarZ ( TPP ) , so in Nether we fell attention and dread seriously.In Nether we fight with others players and monster ( in game means ""Nethers"" ). Nethers are very dificult enemies, becouse they can run very fast and teleport, not like slowly zombie :)We must collect foods and weapones to survive. So this is PVP and PVE.In addition to the Nether have better graphics than DayZ, WarZ or Rust.So I recoment You that game seriously :)Thx, for reading,"
76561198018651328,Recommended,247730,21669358,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,JabbaTheBlunt,"This is a recent review.06/03/2016Everything has changed, People are coming back, there is no p2w aspect anymore big plus! can get all the cool clothing without spending a penny, yes its hard and you must grind but thats what its about, skill. For everyone getting salty over getting killed quickly or over some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, well shut up. I've died with some of the best loot, but this is a hardcore game, it takes skill to do well in this and playing it over and over will grant you such skill, since they are re-vamping this game and now working on it again people are enjoying it, they are making protected severs to stop all the hackers its had, you meet some really nice people.. kinda. If your looking at this game and seeing everyone saying its bad and a unfinshed peice of **** well please.. everyone must start somewhere and i think this game has great ideas. So I'm going to recommend this game as you all should, the more people backing it the better."
,Recommended,247730,12864171,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Sid,Warining you will be spawn killed.10/10 sexy chick with the shotgun kills you.
76561198068180362,Recommended,247730,21536698,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,LoOOoLq8,i like the game when i play the game i feel i'm the hero in horror movies xDbetter to play with friends  or make a friends in the game
76561197997312713,Recommended,247730,10747832,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Muu,"Much more in-depth than advertised, I much prefer this to DayZ (actually has playable controls and things to do), there are missions, traders who want certain things. The enemies are actualy something to be afraid of and the game is very atmospheric.I really don;t understand the negative reviews, for $2.99 this is an excellent pickup."
,Not Recommended,247730,27396780,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,gS.s1Lence >> *A.A,"Quite awful, but if the developers tried a little they could turn this into a decent game.Pros:-Killing creatures feels oddly satisfying, as if you're squishing a spider without all the mess involved-Hang gliding, really fun to glide off a tall building into the distance-Huge potential to be transformed into a great multiplayer PVP game-Gunplay isn't bad, seems like more of my shots register than in games like CS:GO or Rust.-Wide variety of ranged and melee weapons-Plenty of unique creatures to fight against in the world, some fly and others crawl but they're all fun to fight-Easy to run on any decent computer-Cheap, purchased it for 0.99C (AUD) when it was on saleCons:-More bugs than my garden. I live in Australia, so let it sink in-Movement is awfully glitchy and feels like you're always lagging back, even if playing offline-If you ever go into water (which is half of the map) you are prone to get stuck and lose hp or die-Market system isn't very good, especially with the courier system which leaves the game very repetitive as you find yourself doing nothing but delivering packages to earn money. Not many options to earn money other than that, so it gets boring fast.-Only a handful of servers and they're all in EU and NA and are run by players. There are no official servers. If you live in Asia, Australia, Africa or South America like more than half of the Earth's population, you won't be able to find a server with anyone one it.-PvE aspects are extremely monotonous-Teleporting creatures is the developers' cheap way around proper movement and tracking of AI, so they just teleport to you. Lazy and not very fun.-Seems like the developers have given up completely on the game.Because of this, I don't recommend it. Maybe one day the game will be restored and worked on by the developers but that is virtually an impossibility considering it's current state. A shame as this had quite some potential."
,Recommended,247730,21818627,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Dr Lit Enough,After repopening Nether and entering the game I realized I had all my levels but had no weapons or food. Now I was thinking well i'll just go to the market. WRONG. I was North-West of the Train Outpost about 10000m. So I did what any sane person would do. I ran. Fast. Really fast. This dragon thing started following me and breathing fire. As I ran I watched a Nether Reaper spawn to my right. I cut into a gas station and found a BroMax. Now as i sprint and drink this BroMax. I ran up some stairs and stopped at the edge of the building. Turning around to see 20+ nether running up the stairs I jumped. Landed with 201 hp. Full stamina and I ran. I watched the train outpost near. As I ran in I heard gunshots. I left the safe zone with a 9mm pistol and 90 rounds. As I fully exited the safe zone a group of 10 people came out of a building all holding some sort of weapon. Well I guess I should have expected as much. And the chase began. Yea they caught me but I killed 6 of them with a 9mm pistol thats hilarious. Anyways thats my adventure in Nether and it was exciting can't wait to do it again.
76561198139932624,Not Recommended,247730,11412204,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,RIP,"One of the worst games on steam overall I really tried liking it , but it's messed up in every aspect imagineable. You've been warned - I wasted my money don't waste yours."
,Not Recommended,247730,11817018,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Dangerous_Altoid,Have you ever seen a cheater in a game using hacks. You'll get your chance here if you buy/play this game. I guarantee it. Literally half the people playing are aimbotting and using speedhacks. What a waste of a game.
76561198139208910,Not Recommended,247730,11875633,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,iDesign,"DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME!Bought this when it was high price, seemed very promising.No more updates apaprently, buggy, hackers, loose everything when dieing including levels..JUST NO!"
76561198096159095,Not Recommended,247730,11910783,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Ninho,"I really think that this game, is more a hunger games than a Survival game. You just run around, collecting cool stuff and then dying for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ with big weapons and probably big♥♥♥♥♥♥too who just hunts people down. Where is the fun? Guys tell me, cuz  ain't no game with PVP of course, but this♥♥♥♥♥♥is ♥♥♥♥ing horrible. Needs some GOOD rework and GOOD servers only for people like they just begun to play this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm done with this ♥♥♥♥ing game, i'll not recommend it to nobody, cuz if they just try it it's fun, but when they get cool stuff and then get killed by a seriously brain damaged nerd, well an unistall is almost obligatory. GG, ♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
,Not Recommended,247730,11787263,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Nochex,"Good idea... extremely bad executed. Do not buy this game... but I guess that you already know that after reading the rest of the reviews... everytime the game patches, bum, you get to download the entire game over and over again, 1gb everytime they change a little thing. I wish I could get my money back... I rather spend it in items in Dota2 or even hats for TF2 than in this game... one of my poor decisions in my life."
76561198077797026,Not Recommended,247730,11813502,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,bronze189,"this game is terrible. you can have so mutch fun then all of a sudden people start killing you and no matter what you do, no one wants to team up with you or let you join them because every one is solo. if you buy this game you might as well hack it because thats the only way to get anywere in this game."
,Not Recommended,247730,11839190,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Rawr the Dragon,They killed me in 6? Bullsh*t!
76561198065451204,Not Recommended,247730,11885819,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Bulletmagnet,"The game itself is pretty good, but it has so many bugs, its nearly unplayable. As example i can join in and after 5mins it automatically disconnects me from the server and i cant join a new server unless i restart the game. Bugs like that ruin the entire game. That really needs to be fixed otherwise i want my money back."
76561197996404207,Not Recommended,247730,11453292,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,The W,I wish I could get a refund sooooo bad. Played for about 10 minutes. Truly terrible.
76561198067189647,Not Recommended,247730,11874636,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Trithium,DO NOT BUY!!!!!
,Not Recommended,247730,11903231,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,MIKE NOLAN,always keeps crashing never had a properchance to play and this keeps recuring with all my friends so it needs to patched big time 3/10
,Not Recommended,247730,11915619,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,theAlienWarlord,"I want my money back. Can't create an account to play the game. Just stuck at the ""create account"" screen while it says ""creating account"". It's been almost 15 minutes now."
,Not Recommended,247730,11932092,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,CountDrewKUU,vvvvv
,Not Recommended,247730,11519460,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,LucaLagAlot,i should not have bought this....
,Not Recommended,247730,11902918,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,J''',"Tried playing for an hour, gave up. Riddled with game breaking bugs. For example, 3 times I was not able to interact with/equip/use anything in the game within ten minutes of playing, defeating the whole purpose. Save your money."
76561198022465515,Not Recommended,247730,11925376,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,B*,Do not play.  Period.  The community is bad.
76561197995915466,Not Recommended,247730,11851976,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Reno,"D3DCOMPILER error, can't even play the game."
,Not Recommended,247730,11852356,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,(Kuku) 1% Carry,Buy this game if you want to wast your money
76561197972797160,Not Recommended,247730,11852413,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,RagheadBandit,worst survival game ever your better off getting rust or dayz. absolutly no depth to the game all it is is a free for all pvp shooter with nether monsters. not worth the 10 bucks even if it is in beta!
,Not Recommended,247730,11868354,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,buns134,I have never even got to play. If i get it to work i will write a real review of the game. I can not access the game. DO NOT BUY
,Not Recommended,247730,11442211,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,jam19th,Game sucks  hard.
76561198036041535,Not Recommended,247730,11823998,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Mr.Sinister,This. Game. Is.♥♥♥♥♥♥There's a review worth taking note of...
76561198132447481,Not Recommended,247730,11825139,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,N2X,i cant even get it to work
76561197991036357,Not Recommended,247730,11867336,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,andre.83,"This game is fun, but it seems the developers don't care for it. Every update released brings dozens of new bugs, it looks like an update is never tested before release. The servers have been offline for the last 3 days, and I still havent't heard a solution or a timeframe for them to be back from the game team.As I've read from other comments, dont't buy this game because I'm almost certain it's gonna be released as F2P sometime soon."
76561198043843751,Not Recommended,247730,11899645,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Gonsabb,"The game is just funny and it has a f******* great potential but there are sooooo maaaany bugs, glitches, hackers, etc. When i was playing at the begin of summer the game was better than now is, servers more stable, less hackers...After the last patch it's some difficult to play it or even sign in and the most annoying thing is that the developers call this game a BETA when it has more bugs and glitches than the game DAYZ that is in ALPHA, just get your own opinion of this game, buying it right now is like waste money in purpose."
,Not Recommended,247730,12090721,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Samir,"only multiplayer, BORRING, character dies and do not respan, I must say this is just do what ever u wanna game and after couple hours it get borring, REALY BORRING"
,Not Recommended,247730,11445345,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,spiral2k,"Reasons not to buy it:1. No goal. None you just run around and ""survive"". No endgame.2. No reason to work to together. No matter what you do you can still hurt you buddies so goodbye trusting anyone.3. Everyone is just out to kill each other. Just a glorified deathmatch.4. Every enemy teleports, goodbye running away if you know you can't win.5. The enemies are laughably easy unless encountered in hoards.6. They just shoved it out the door despite its full of bugs.7. Terrain is horribly glitched I've falling out of the map multiple times, got stuck multiple times, and hell just walked under the map, multiple times. Water is just a joke either it'll kill you insanely fast 'cause you get stuck or just straight up instant kill you.Do NOT buy this game, it's just a pvp mess and doesn't deserve your time what so ever. If you want a pvp game try counter strike, TF2, hell even COD would be a better choice than this. This is just scam city hell there is even rumors floating around that this is made by the same people that made WarZ (know as infestation now)"
,Not Recommended,247730,11791059,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Henry,"What the ♥♥♥♥ is this game?I want to buy the ""game"" not the ""server list"".This stupid game keep disconnecting , this♥♥♥♥♥♥cost me 14.99 USD? FXCK YOU !!!I played for 116 min and still not finsihed thetutorial,why?Becausethis game is too easy to disconnecting.And to my anger,the server population only have 2,man.How the server says it is busy when only have 2 peple?You know what?it won't tell you that it is diconnecting,you will still stay in game but do everything in vain.You can't kill, you can't shoot, you can't ea,t you can'texit,why?because you already disconnecting and it doesn't tell you.Don't waste your money and time , this game sucks."
,Not Recommended,247730,11830063,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Gizmo Xaris,"EDIT: Upgraded my RAM to 8x1gb of Crucial Ballistix, and Nether is now ""playable"" although only slightly as my living area only has 3 choices of internet access: Unreliable 4g tethering, 20mbit satellite @ 700 ping, or the oh so dandy livingunderarock internet service, which amazingly gets no viruses :O.My original complaint still stands though.. I hate games that enforce online play, and present you with only a server browser for a ""main menu"". I prefer to be able to have some form of solo play for reasons explained above, among the fact that I prefer co-op over PVP anyday because some people can just be complete jackasses online which ruins the whole experience for me. If this doesn't bother you like it does to me, then by all means give Nether a try, it seems like a pretty fun and decent game if you've got the hardware and net to run it, as well as a good group of people to play with, but it doesn't suit me so I can't honestly recommend it."
,Not Recommended,247730,11834702,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,[MNI] Get schwifty,I cannot even join a server when I open the game the serverlist is just blank I've done EVERYTHING its a waste of 10.00 dollars
,Not Recommended,247730,11865786,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Toxx,As for now this reviews is just of the complete and utter lack of talent of the company. They need to quit fixing in game stuff and work on getting the people that buy the game to actually be able to play the game.
76561198072787654,Not Recommended,247730,11875701,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,MoorWen,Just another Day Z
76561198068453721,Not Recommended,247730,11904600,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Legion Blood Oaths,Never buy this piece of crap.You will be killed constantly by other players it takes hours to find a good gun or even the parts to make them. Then on top of that if you die you lose everything.Also the load time is terrible.It takes me 5-10 minutes to load the list of servers.
76561198026753234,Not Recommended,247730,11912080,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Levy81,no comment
76561198097737065,Not Recommended,247730,11941245,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,ragged,"i wouldnt recommend the game. for one, if you manage to get a gun, skirt the nether, and do a few missions, some dude can just show up and shoot you in the back and take all your gear. your level is reset to 0 and you get a butter knife. no. no thank you. a hard game is one thing, but one that slaps you in the face, then tells you thats what you paid that slap."
,Not Recommended,247730,11453025,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Ember,"Immediately regret buying this game. Tried to play through the tutorial part, and I ended up dying to the nether twice and to other players 5 or 6 times. And then it crashed. Started it back up. Crashed again almost immediately. Not worth your money, don't bother."
,Not Recommended,247730,11787501,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Cinder,"I can honestly say the first day owning the game, I will not suggest buying it. I have owned it excitedly for a few hours. Installed it and whatnot, but it took all of three seconds of start-up for me to find out why it's no longer worth it to buy. First, there was a massive glitch preventing people without gold from playing, so I missed out on 2 hours of even getting past the server screen... Patch went out afterwards which fixed that bit, but now I cant even get past the loading screen before it kicks me back to the server list. Don't bother, it's not worth any of the three price options unless you wish to be steamrolled by cheat-using players and have to purchas higher priced game values to even have a chance at surviving. Play-to-win? Quite a game killer especially for a Survival game..."
,Not Recommended,247730,11864280,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Mac♥M,I was really bored after the first try.
76561198026573761,Not Recommended,247730,11886181,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,$P@N!$H-PL@6U3,"Worst Experience yet on Steam. I purchased this game and downloaded it. Started to go into some servers which crashed several times. Went into the server rooms and started to play. Or something like that. Everytime I jumped my person would elevate... higher and higher. Up to the point where I was literally flying over the tallest buildings in the game. It did make it easier to get to the top of building though. Walking looked like I was crawling on the floor. Literally eye level with the floor made it impossible to see anything. I saw none of my arms. None of my controls worked and found no one in a server that said it was 50/64.... I know this because I did a flyby of the entire map and saw no one... Literally. Then to make matters worst, I logged out and tried to log back in and now its saying that my login failed. I went to the site to change my password and they are having issues on the site as well. So 30 minutes into me buying/installing/Playing? this game it has been nothing but bull****. Save your money and by pass this quick. Game is not even worth putting up on steam. Now Im♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at steam fro allowing this trash to be even viewable. Terrible. Alpha, Beta, Charlie or not. This type of trash shouldnt be able to purchase."
,Not Recommended,247730,11913218,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,DovaKeif,11/10 would play loading screen: the game again.
76561197977379728,Recommended,247730,10755858,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Shabac,"I LOVE THIS GAME!! Do not listen to the people that say its pay2win, you can buy Hats for micro-transactions but thats just like tf2!!The object of this game is to survive the Nether and find supplies, but beaware you also have evil people that will try to stab you in your back as soon as you turn around.   I highly recomend this game no matter what everybody else says!!"
76561198041199233,Not Recommended,247730,9701565,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Dubious Doobie,"Firstly before I get any hate, I KNOW this game is in early access. But, the game so far is very laggy. Loot barely spawns, and when you do find something decent you will probably be shot by another player in one of the taller buildings or you will be killed by the TELEPORTING nethers. I honestly wanted this game to be good, the concept is cool, the monsters are scary but the developers didn't quite pull it off. What you are paying into is:-A pay-to-win style game-A lagfest-Scenery that looks like it was made by a five year-oldAt the moment I can't recommend this game. It is fun to play with a friend for a couple of hours, but it gets very boring after a while. Save up another $5-$10 and buy a game which is more stable and fun like DayZ or Rust.3/10"
,Not Recommended,247730,10443025,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Coca Cola,"I have had nether for about 3 months and I STILL can't even log in the game. I have tried to resolve this for several hours, even wrote the Devs an email an they havent wrote back. If you REALLY want this game, buy it off the website because it asks you to link Steam to an Mber account, which is practically impossible."
,Not Recommended,247730,14121663,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Bunkagunk,"How Do I start with this review...Same way I start with the game. Confusion.You start off with a knife, and a level 0 character. You kill some creature things and they give you some exp. You gain a level. Kill some more, gain another level. Die, lose all your levels. That's about all I can do.The graphics seem odd, I'm playing on max graphics, and they are very pixelated. Flat flowers, plants, trees, etc. I saw Plants and grass floating in the air, Trees with no detail at all, just a brown tube stuck in the ground with limbs, and it gets worse. Looking out in the distance you see buildings, all lined with pixels. I found the only place where graphics seem to be reasonable is by standing a few steps away from the object. Up close it's clearly bad, and far it's bad, but a bit away, and it looks okay, just okay. In the 20 mins I played, I died 4 times. Losing all I had, and starting fresh in a different area.The enemies, are flesh colored humanoid creatures, and they appear to have 100 different light sources pointed directly at them. They are hard to look at with the shininess. Against the plain drab pixelated background, an overly shiny enemy stands out, and blinds you. The enemies feel like they should be taken on in a group, as more than 2 of them together, become a serious problem for you. Unfortunatly, No other player, in the most populated server, was anywhere near me.To worsen the enemies, only about half of your attacks actually connect with the baddies, the other half, even if you're right next to them, apparently go off into space. As you run away from large groups of baddies, you'll find yourself running into invisible walls, everywhere. In ponds, open streets, open fields and wherever they can place one, you'll find one. I even get hurt randomly sometimes as well. Which does not bode well for me, in a game where your life is so important that it means starting completly over when ended.Overall, i'm sure there's things i'm missing in this game. Features that solve some of the problems I was coming across, but unfortunatly, they did not present themselves in the time I was still interested in the game."
76561198209642537,Not Recommended,247730,22112454,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,The Dark Messiah,"NetherStarted as a real good projectfirst try: thousands of euro's/dollars stolen from playersa lot of mad peoplethen, new devs camemade promisesguess what? some more euro's/dollars stolen.This game gives you no more content then merely shooting at everything that moves. there is no other possibility or kind of choice in this game then: Do I kill that beast/ player or will i just avoid it/him?I was really hyped about it.was."
,Not Recommended,247730,10759794,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,CaptainR3sPawN,"This review might change.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. When i enter it FREEZES my PC. Then when it Finaly finds a server(after 10+ minutes) i press connect.. and guess what, It puts me back at the server browser, and freezes again. Perfect!Oh. AND NO OPTIONS MENU DAFUQ!ALL 4 hours of my play is trying to connect and freezing, not worth a penny.EDIT: it keeps happening, but i finaly joined a server! first thing i do is explore, and guess what, i got glitched and now i am stuck and cant get out, AWESOME!"
,Not Recommended,247730,10735822,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,[TacO] Ozgho,"Nether falls into the pit that most Open World Survival games fall into: Not telling your players what the heck is going on. This is alright to some extent, you don't really want players coming in knowing the whole game, but when your players don't know what keys do what or how to even pick up and equip weapons, you know you've done something wrong.The Safezone idea is very nice, however having it fail every five minutes defeats the purpose, especially when you have new players who have no idea what is going on and why their faces are being chewed off my monsters when they're in a ""Safezone"".And lastly, Nether does what all Open-World Survival games do. Push their players to kill every living thing that moves and breathes. Some people may be alright with this kind of gameplay, but why every person from here to Azerbaijan wants to murder each other the second the world goes to pot, I have no clue.Thank god I was able to get this game at sale price, because if I payed full price for this, I would be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,247730,8463442,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Andrea Heart,the game has an amazing design in texture and i would recommend this game to anyone.
,Not Recommended,247730,33073422,Posted: 1 July,all,Dexter Morgan,Im not reviewing this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198029229064,Not Recommended,247730,9941915,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,h266647,I cant even play the game.
,Not Recommended,247730,33038856,Posted: 30 June,all,elistoned,"sigh, plz gief refund :/"
76561198060917850,Not Recommended,247730,33068933,Posted: 30 June,all,SynLegs,CRAP!!! That Is All
,Recommended,247730,8638638,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Dotanuki Ronin,"good game in genral , and it will be more fun if ur freinds joins you"
76561198139246740,Not Recommended,247730,33817964,Posted: 26 July,all,Tmac3366,It's a dead game at this point. I bought it years ago haven't played it since.
,Not Recommended,247730,33661910,Posted: 19 July,all,Eagle,"I bought this game years ago, it was crap. I come back and now it's even worse. Lol. That's all I can say. A damn shame."
,Not Recommended,247730,10747313,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,motheryaR,"The gameplay may look okay but it is VERY VERY badly made, possibly the worst ever. They Lure you in with big discounts for a game that freezes, wont load, and doesn't work what so ever. I have looked it up and i am not alone, there are hords of people out there who paid good money and simply can not play this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.. Wouldn't recommend this to my worst enemy"
,Not Recommended,247730,33684247,Posted: 20 July,all,Nils,"Dead game, stay away!"
,Recommended,247730,7653730,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,SpeedKiller,"A survival game where the zombies are once, not boring!"
,Not Recommended,247730,33693661,Posted: 21 July,all,Donald Trump,Trash
76561198068262195,Recommended,247730,17135489,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,RedKnight,"Nether is a awsome game where you have to survive against monsters called nether, you can find guns,food,water,and material to get or make weapons, the game is fun but the people playing is dying down but i recommend it."
76561198142606565,Not Recommended,247730,33320080,Posted: 6 July,all,Killer Tampon,brought this years ago as it died i played for a bit and liked it but never played after (because it's dead) sorry guy this was a good game once
76561198061578567,Recommended,247730,11608459,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Propagandalf,"Was fun for a while, but the bugs, inability to swim and a kind of dayz-ish 1 hour of calm and then everything interesting happens in 5 minutes and thats it. Worth the money if you've got some friends to dominate servers with."
76561198063031326,Recommended,247730,25593817,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Koelkast,"Me and my friend really enjoy this game. We are going to play this till we are level 51. See you in 40 years ;) Money well spent!PS: I love the car, the swimming and the fully accessible map."
76561198121589205,Recommended,247730,9664233,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Skeeyou,"Well this game is very fun and addicting, A lot of stuff for a beta, enjoy the player customisation, many differnt items to buy as you earn cash from killing nether and other players if you decide, but the best way to earn cash is to run escort missions or package's, its an awesome game because you also earn player level so its worth playing everyone! :)"
,Recommended,247730,9656192,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,amphibian,"Alright, lets get started. In all honesty, this is a good game.Pros:-Satisfyingly good graphics, lens flare, textures, character design-Immersive atmosphere, burning buildings-Enemies are well scripted and deadly-RPG element is clear and well presented-Very easy to get the hang ofCons:-The game is dependent on player to player interaction (defending safe zones, escort missions, etc.). However, it is only natural in a survival game to kill another person due to their unpredictability. There isn't any incentive to teaming up besides the classic safety in numbers tactic.-Collision issues are common, and you may get stuck in very annoying places-If your ping latency is anything over 50, you teleport at random intervals, either backwards or forwards. As you can imagine, rooftops can be especially deadly to laggy players.85/100 overall score."
76561198084947430,Recommended,247730,22086477,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,PowerHouseBrad,"I have played Nether a soild few hours, and it is like sex with a vergin its great, but she needs some work to be truly amazing.Pros+RPG elments+is not a Dayz rip off like other survival games+great looking world and creepy Atmosphere+firearms are not impossible to find+weapon crafting system+missions+its 5$ if you want a cheap good survival game you found it+huge mapcons-invisable walls in some areas (this gaming being developed by a new part i'm sure this will be fixed in a patch)-enemys feel impossable to out run-guns feel a little week at times (but this maybe do to the fact its a RPG tyle and my gun skill is a tad low)over all i dont think you could go wrong with this game just get a friend to buy this game as well, cause the lone survior dose not last to long in the world that is nether. so you and a friend grab a bottle of KY and make lover to her all night long."
,Not Recommended,247730,34319912,Posted: 17 August,all,Aleuvian,"I remember paying quite a bit for this game back while it was in Early Access. It was absolutely amazing, and somewhat revolutionary in the way it introduced enemies and safezones, at least for me.The backstory, if you ever got far enough to read about it from the scraps of news articles found in the world, was interesting but had little definity. Gameplay was decent, I remember being able to play as one of the Nether creatures for a time and hunting a friend I was playing with. Graphics were great at the time, but it still had a large amount of errors.It was nice when there were players, active developer support, and a solid playerbase.I paid about $30.00 for this, I believe. It was good back then for that price.It isn't worth $5.00 now."
,Not Recommended,247730,33994444,Posted: 3 August,all,Hugh Jass,"The game was rather fun in its early stage of development, however the game has been completely abondoned after being acquired by the original developers again. No updates or contact by them in nearly a year (Last statement made by them was in December 2016). Poor performance, enormous amount of bugs, hackers on multiplayer servers, dodgy hit detection, and an overall dull experience to put icing on the cake. Not worth any amount of money, even for the low asking price of 4.99 as of right now. There are far better games to spend your money on.EDIT: Fixed some spelling errors."
,Recommended,247730,9797633,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,RedPlasticSpoon,"Looking for a fast paced survival game? WELL THIS IS A GREAT START.  Example:I am walking through the northern part of town, when a shrieker screams and runs to me. (shriekers make noises that attract other nether)  quick thinking made me pull out a sniper rifle and shot it dead. I realize my mistake too late, as 3 crawlers, 2 hunters, 1 watcher, 2 more shriekers, and a golem swarm into the area. I run into the nearest building and sit halfway up the stairs and start shooting with my 9mm, and quickly waste 50 bullets on that group, when the shriekers notify a mantis (flying fire breathing scary♥♥♥♥♥piece of death) and i run up higher in the building to it, a golem, and 2 hunters. I shoot the golem and hunters but run out of ammo in every weapon I had. So with my glider ready, I jump out the window into an oncoming firefight between some of my tribesmates, and a rival tribe. I, having just flown into the mayhem, pull my katana out and kill an enemy while barely alive. And the mantis hasnt forgotten me, so it flies down to be shot by everyone. I just run and run while bullets whizz by in every direction to the safezone.I recommend this game because this kind of encounter is very common and fast paced10/10"
,Recommended,247730,9900729,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,player257,AAAHHH old nether+BEACAUSE ITS ONLY 14 DOLLARS IN USA-TO MUCH JUMPSCARES-PVP CANT BE DISABLED+GO TO BREATH TAKING HEIGHTS+CRUNCHY BENZ!!-PLAYERS DONT UNDERSTAND ENGLISHGET THIS GAME I WISH IT HAD ACHEIVEMENTS AND FULL CONTROLLER Support :( none of it yet
76561198006141827,Not Recommended,247730,14253502,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Ninjaops13,Would rather go to the dentist then play this ruined game
,Not Recommended,247730,28471923,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,DEMONJR,This game seemed like at had allot of potential but the devs completely cashed out and abbandoned the game. It's really disapointing to see because I had high hopes and was excited to see how great this game could have been.
76561198037730478,Recommended,247730,9312821,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Asderition,"Still highly in the works, but quite fun. I suggest playing with friends, much more managable and entertaining."
76561197974315887,Not Recommended,247730,8429674,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Yurizle,This is a War Z with different graphics. Would not date. Avoid at all costs.
,Not Recommended,247730,10956464,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,-=58th=-Sagara,"So after finally getting in to the game.... (Registrations broken, server loading is broken and takes ages...) i started by getting shot by some random stranger. I was fine with that. I have played some DayZ and know what its all about. So i merrily continued to look for equipment and weapons with my mate. All was going well... (well my mate had to shoot me in the head to unglitch me from between two tents) since we found weapons and ammo. Got in to a safe zone and started crafting. Then some random dude comes in and we start talking about killing him. After a while we decide to spare him. Seeing as he just passivly ran past us. Moments later we decide to move out with our brand new guns and a ton of equipment to keep us going. Moments later i notice my mate dead next to me and i accept my fate and take a sniper rifle bullet in my face.Now i understand that this is the point of the game. The only issues are that unlike DayZ the map isnt as large and you often stumble upon other players when visiting safe zones to craft weapons that you painstakingly hunted. This allowes for players to set up camp outside and just wait. The fact that you cant craft weapons without visiting a safe zone is killing the game. Also doesent help that it is really glitchy and kinda broken. Would not recommend, good idea broken by bad planing."
76561198028821277,Not Recommended,247730,10951993,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Jenny_Death,"Dont buy this game!!  When did it become ok to sell unfinished games?  bugs everywhere, unpolished gameplay(mediocre at best) , the gfx only looks decent in vids/screenshots, when ingame your eyes will melt with eye blinding hdr/bloom wich are used to cover up the awful textures and graphical glitches everywhere.....Stay away from this game!!"
,Not Recommended,247730,10944227,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,HRH Morny,Great concept.Laggy servers!!!
,Not Recommended,247730,10955855,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Krypt,Avoid. Another early access scam.
76561197988199759,Not Recommended,247730,10956197,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Hawk(AUT),"This is really worse, Seriously, you can´t even create an account, to do so you have to go to the website so you know that you used invalid characters. A 3 year old could have done better. Now, i got my Account, took me only about 3 days to figure a way out with the not helping system. Now, it crashes, upon every start just even before i could log on a server.Before you really take money for this .... unbelievableSteam should do something about that! better sooner than later"
,Not Recommended,247730,10946943,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,SpamShadow,"They made a beautiful world and then proceeded to gouge people for money over it. Don't bother. I keep asking myself ""Why did I buy this?"" and the game only asnwers with ""Give us more money and we'll tell you."""
76561198072479065,Not Recommended,247730,10955778,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,BIGSMOKE,dont work for me get into server select menu then it just keeps freezing waste of money
,Not Recommended,247730,10942901,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,CROSSxBIGPOPPA,its a terrible game that i cant even play on my pc running on windows 8 gtx 765m 16g ram.
76561197981630956,Not Recommended,247730,10949456,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,drizzt9889,"Well I spent the first four days just trying to get into a server. I run more graphic intesive games requiring higher bandwidth so its not my rig. After you wait for the ungodly amount of time required to actually get the servers list to respond you will be met with the highly unintuitive list of servers. Dont bother trying to sort it, the list is in the order the devs want it to be in and the rest of us can just ♥♥♥♥ off. Once you actually get into a game, which should be a Steam Achievment all by itself, you are immediately met with two scenarios: You are instantly gang♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by  a bunch of monsters, or, you are instantly sniped by another player camping the spawn zone.But lets say you escape the spawn zone with your hide intact. Try not attack any monsters when near rocks...or trees...or buildings.......or ANYTHING that they might clip into when doing their riddiculous teleportation dance, because it will make your game crash. Spend your money on DayZ."
76561198095657443,Not Recommended,247730,10963899,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,FreeWillyz,"You will find yourself wandering for hours on end without finding any people or any loot. the buildings are plain and boring to explore yet you have to go through each one because theres the chance of there being loot. It's just incredibly boring and incredibly unsatisfying when, after hours spent looting and exploring these boring 10 story skyscrapers, you die and lose everything. and when i say everything, i mean you lose everything. and plus i spent 40 dollars on this game. Its now 15 dollars....... probably because they cheaped out and went with cash crates because they thought they'd make more money. So disrespectful to the people that actually paid full price for the game"
76561198044093667,Not Recommended,247730,10949955,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Silentearththree,I would rather eat the $3 i spent on this game in pennies than play it.
,Not Recommended,247730,25708856,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,The One True Duckson,No.
,Not Recommended,247730,25711739,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Railer666,"I bought this game on EA because it looked like it had great potential.The first time I played it I thought it had an amazing amount of detail for a EA game.You could tell it needed a lot memory optimization because the game engine struggled to run smoothly.But it was after all EA.What I really enjoyed was the eerie atmosphere the game created.The look of the damaged and largely abandoned City was just so very well done.Unfortunately there have not been any updates for months and from what I understand there's not going to be.As far as I'm concerned this game could have been really popular with a huge following.It really is a shame they dropped the ball.Dev this game could have made you rich and famous,and not in the Sean Murray kind of way either.I think the games community may help keep it up and running for a while.I really hate to see this game abandoned.Its still playable and its $4.99 as of this review.I can't recommend it even at that price.Like I said it appears to have been abandoned."
,Not Recommended,247730,10781045,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,spni /_1- 5,"Game won't start. Messaged to get a refund using their ""Support"" system, and havn't gotten a message back. Will update this if they replied...(Update: They still havn't replied...)(Update 2: They've emailed me saying they want my system specs, but i'm not looking forward to playing this game in its current dead state, so they denied my refund.)"
,Not Recommended,247730,35182611,Posted: 24 September,all,[Carnifex]Nemesis,Never worked on my pc.
,Not Recommended,247730,35162343,Posted: 23 September,all,Justin J (PuNk),"laggyunoptimisedruns like crap no matter how powerful your pc isdead/abandoned by devsunfinished gameno online MP/DEADno more patchesbrokendid i mention dead?COULD HAVE been a good game, but it's not in this state.1/10 NOT RECOMMENDED! to broken"
,Recommended,247730,8902934,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,NagsterTheGangster,"Decent game between the hacking outbursts.Have read that they have ties with Hammerpoint though (WarZ)...don't totally love that.I'd grab it cheap, its good for some fun."
,Not Recommended,247730,35454453,Posted: 3 October,all,Shezzer,it's dead
,Not Recommended,247730,35244366,Posted: 27 September,all,Makoto,Don't buy it.Just... Don't.
,Not Recommended,247730,35111753,Posted: 21 September,all,Fallen Paladin,"I miss playing this game, I miss how cool it was, I miss the money I paid for this..."
76561198137101220,Not Recommended,247730,12939402,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Tommy Jarvis,This game sucks i just spent good money on this game and it sucks. I want a refund as the game can not even start im so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,247730,22148263,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Classic,The Mantis feels bad for this game being made....
,Not Recommended,247730,22149349,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Landon,10 outta 10 spawn in with a glue gun! gg
,Not Recommended,247730,9954963,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,TheOldenDays,Nether is a very detailed game but is very boring. Player and Nether combat is very slow and just needs more improvements. I would not recommend this game for two reasons. 1: The game is very laggy and has many wierd visual effects like random pink on the screen when fullscreening or changing settings. 2:  The first time trying to sync and make an account for nether it took forever I had to wait for weeks just to play it and once I played it I only wished for my money back. I know this game is early access but it is to laggy and boring to play.
,Not Recommended,247730,30134938,Posted: 23 February,all,JonTheFisherMon,"I have very fond memories of this game. The hardcore full pvp full loot is definitely my genre of play. It even had an rpg element that tied into the pvp by incentivizing people to roam around and get ganked. Loved it. I'll never regret paying money for it but i left this game looooong before the devs did. Right around the time they introduced a patch that capped how much money you could have to stop hackers from infinite money. I actually didn't even mind that since if you killed a hacker or literally anyone down the line of succession they would always drop a fat stack of money. That patch also ♥♥♥♥ed up the hitboxes and the game was unplayable at that point. It took them too long to fix it, quite honestly i don't even think these devs either knew about it or knew how to fix it, too many people left.I'll give these devs credit though. They never caved to the carebear playerbase that constantly cried for PvE servers and the like. Those people are more toxic than the devs imo.Sorry to those that purchased this game, never figured out how to pvp and left unfulfilled. I think people missed out on this gem when it was working. Definitely had it's problems though."
76561197983304510,Recommended,247730,8593334,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,=ICE=BLIXXX81™,love it =)
,Not Recommended,247730,10487308,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Rekardus2501,"This is my first review ever so dont expect much from me.Now about Nether.Nether is almost simular to Dayz except its much more basic and simple. You collect food to keep yourself from starving. Find and craft guns to defend yourself from nether and other players who want to raid you. collect packages to transport it from one place to another to gain xp and money inorder to level up your charecter. Thats pretty much all you can do, its like a simulator. except a bad one.Ill give a pros and cons to thisPro:+Graphics are amazing+The map is fairly large but with 64 people playing it can be crowded+ Ether poses a threat to you and your group making it exciting and tense(if you can find a group)+ Lots of weaponsCons:- Poor Spawning- Players are at every outpost and safe zone waiting for you to exit the safezone to kill you- Hackers & Aimbot users(though i have yet to encounter one)- Pay 2 Win- Community is a joke with mostly everyone being arrogant and disrespectful(there are good people but they are rare)- Lots of bugs and glitches- Random Frame rate dropsOverall, I like this game, Although im still gona rate this down just because of the state the game is. If you can find a group of people to hang out with and survive together it can become really fun. Also if you join a server with less people there will be a chance you will encounter less hackers and cheaters. I dont think the developers should of pulled this out of beta and made it a full and offical release as there are still many problems i have listed above. This game seems like its still in the pre-alpha stage. This game has a lot of potential. Is it worth buying? Its hard to decide as i like this game but i hate its current state. Its like Rome 2: Total War, I love it but i hate its current state. I hunt people as there is nothing else better to do but i hunt bandits and other people that are being arrogant to newplayers. Think of it as a Anti-Bandits. As of this moment of its current state of the game i give this game a 5/10NOTE:If any of you still play this game add me on steam and i like to have a fun time and help other people out with the game :D"
,Recommended,247730,9388303,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Klenko,"This game is amazing i have played around 400 hours of it and still not getting bored the exitment of if your going to die or not or are u going to find a weapon death lurks around every corner and its your  decisions that determins your fate in this game,the thrill of just finding a gun or killing some one is imence the journey that you live in nether is undescribable there is so much fun especily when with a team mate in this game.And one awsome feature is that you shape the future of the game and what you want in it this is an amazing game,thati think is one of the best games of the year,if your going to get this games I recommend it but for now im coming for you so watck out and dont let the nether bite."
76561198043057972,Not Recommended,247730,13460611,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,TheRafty6,DOESN'T WORK RIP
,Recommended,247730,8831056,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,[SuckMyAss]Sikopathic,"I got on a Motorbike. I was then Flung into the air, and began flying 50 feet in the air before crashing into a building.Lovin' It!"
,Not Recommended,247730,10806347,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Mrpurepwnage,How to loose 5$ ......
76561197988188863,Recommended,247730,9150023,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Sparky,I've just tried it a short while but I'm liking it and think it could be the next thing... Clan Up Yo!
,Not Recommended,247730,9447328,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Kuro OuO,"Right now it's just deathmatch on a way-too-big map.You rarely see nether, and it doesn't feel like a survival game.This is basically just a game you play when you feel like trolling around. They really need to give a starting gun if they want it to be a survival game."
76561198111631073,Not Recommended,247730,13581669,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,FrostBite,"I HATE YOU NETHER! I WATCHED SO MANY YOUTUBE VIDEOS OF THIS GAME FOR A YEAR AND WHEN I GOT THE GAME TODAY  AND MADE AN ACCOUNT IT SAID LOGIN FAILED SO I DID ANOTHER ACCOUNT AND IT STILL FAILED AND THE WEBSITE WAS SAYING THAT THIER COULD BE PEOPLE STEALING MY ACCOUNT,iT MADE ME WASTE MY MONEY AND I THINK THAT NETHER IS A TERRIBLE MONEY STEALING ♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAME!!!!!NOT RECOMMENDED!"
76561198071168128,Not Recommended,247730,13958439,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,shadyx,i buy befor 2 days arena DLC and it dont let me in can u tell me why ?
,Recommended,247730,14094308,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,terminallyCapricious,"Really fun game if you play with friends, I'm not experiencing any glitches in the game at all and I am having the greatest of fun! This game, I think is worth a buy, definitely!"
,Recommended,247730,11190092,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Pasta J,"The Nether is rather difficult to reach in your first few attempts, but with time comes experience, and one day YOU TOO can get to the Nether. The first thing you will need is a diamond pickaxe, which you can get by mining diamonds. You will also need iron to create a bucket, although you would need to have had iron to have had the tools to have had a diamond pickaxe in the first place. Also, you need a brave heart, because the nether can be a tough place. Minecraft."
,Not Recommended,247730,9171049,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Shootter87,Fun for about the first 10minutes until it just get boring. I understand this is beta but I feel at this point even the finished version will be nothing more than a foot note.
,Not Recommended,247730,10786042,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,DTD  RALIC,Cant even play the game when i bought it on steam. Login and at server listings everything went to hell. The whole game freezes and never comes back. tryed many times waiting up to 1hr 20min and it dosnt do anything. The responce they given to everyone on the forum which is in the hundreds all steam downloads too is to just wait longer and it should work. Riiight a hr and 20min and i have to wait longer just to get to the main screen. Can you say COPOUT. O well another game in the Trashcan i guess. Back to rust i guess least it works.
76561198043799506,Not Recommended,247730,23931824,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,hollbish,"If your friend ever suggests you try this really cool game that's in early access, DONT! Even if that early access game has a cool trailer.""But wait this game is on sale, should I..""  -  NO""But it sounds like I would really..""  -  NO""But all my friends are playing it..""  - Get new friendsI bought this game for full price but really even paying $1 for this would be too much."
,Not Recommended,247730,14363840,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Leviathan,"I paid money for this game when it was good. I played this game so much because it was the best game ever. The tense feeling of going into a building mid gunfight and hearing the shrill cry of the nether coming after you, deciding between running and fighting. That was a game that gave me chills.You destroyed it. You turned sex into the same feeling as masturbating with sandpaper.You turned supersoft toilet paper into saran wrap.Rollback to the old game and everything will be fine. If you try and salvage this shitpile you currently have you would have ruined a great thing.Seriously disapointed in you."
,Not Recommended,247730,23714091,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Alec Davidson,Soo I played it like 2 years ago... Never played it again.
,Not Recommended,247730,13212839,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,DarkGhillie,"I Absolutely love this game but now apparently im VAC banned for no reason, I have no clue why and im annoyed dont waste your time..."
76561198091067550,Not Recommended,247730,11569648,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,InsanityKillz,Loosing your levels ruins this game...and cheaters
,Recommended,247730,9957785,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,HectorsOsa,"Awesome fun!  Perma-death post apocalypse, mutated monsters, PVP, loot to survive.  Nothing better."
,Not Recommended,247730,10749048,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,marnamai,avoid at all cost!
76561198110453749,Not Recommended,247730,11219260,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,MrHappyTrail,♥♥♥♥♥ the game never works. I mean it crashes every time.
76561198080483688,Recommended,247730,11551820,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,NLKB ツ,"Great game, lots of new pacthes and fixes coming out, now one of my favourite games!"
76561198152184661,Recommended,247730,13180859,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,StuunZ,I love this game no matter how many times i die but i wish i could buy gold in game
,Not Recommended,247730,10928358,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,shithole,"I just bought the game. The menu has actually functioned for me once, and I've tried it about 7 times. I tried to join a server, and Nether.exe stopped responding. I paid almost $10 dollars for this, expecting something better than WarZ. I fooled myself. If you liked Superman 64 and Day One: Garry's Incident, then you'll LOVE this. I do not recommend this game. If someone gifts it to you, do not accept it. And most definitely do NOT buy this game. It is one giant piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,247730,10775966,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,SuperTimoR.75,"OMGGGGGGGGGGGGGG ! i never seen a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ like this, i spend 0.4 hours of my life and 3euros for this f*cking game !i never put a comment for game ! but for this♥♥♥♥♥♥i must pust one for the futur gamers who want buy this liar game"
,Recommended,247730,12038650,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,td90uk,"Was ecstatic at finding a .45 cal suppressed SMG, only 2 minutes later to be shot and killed by a suppressed sniper rifle of some variety, I didn't see because my eyes were 40 feet from my corpse so I had some trouble.Upon starting again, I thought that I would sandpaper my teeth as it would be more entertaining and I wouldn't lose my level that way if anything went wrong.0/10 survival deathmatch."
76561198130687503,Recommended,247730,9958043,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Sisco94,This was the first of the survival games that I came across and for being in early access this game is BEAST and getting better by the day. it is def. a must try game. the creators love feedback to make the game more user friendly and take everyones advice into consideration. Keep up the great work guys!!
,Recommended,247730,8346742,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,AceofSpadesCard,"hard to get started with the whole ""die and lose all your stuff"" mentalitybut once you get used to the area, it becomes alot more challenging but fun"
76561198077354160,Not Recommended,247730,11374525,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,JNat,"I bought this game after a long time trying to decide between it, DayZ and Rust. I ended up choosing this one, but I don't quite remember what made me choose this one over the others. Maybe the price may have had some influence, since this is the cheaper one of the three, and back then I don't think there were many negative reviews for the game either. I haven't played any of the other two games, so I can't really compare them - not a problem anyway, since this review is for this game.As many other reviews out there have pointed out, the game mechanics, graphics and design are all pretty good. The monsters are well designed, the atmosphere is pretty cool and intense. Most of the time you're all alone running around, and won't find anyone for over half an hour, or hear anything other than your steps, wind and some random Nether sounds in the distance - or sometimes right in front of you out of the blue. Nothing of that was a problem for me, those are all positive aspects in my opinion.However, most of the times, after all that time running around completely alone, when you do see someone, you're gonna get killed. Not only for the first time. ALWAYS. You'll get killed by other players much more than by Nethers. Guns are very hard to come by, which does not help. More experienced players - I only have about 8.3 hours played - will have better weapons, and you won't stand a chance against them. I found that the game lacks a sense of community, something I was looking for when I was trying to make up my mind between the three games - the reviews on the other ones seem to point to there being a little more sense of community in either of those.There are missions you can do that will earn you items, money or experience points, which you can use for crafting new weapons and whatnot. All very fine, except for the fact that you'll be running some 15 minutes or so to try to complete them, only to find more experienced players - thus with weapons you don't stand a chance against - camping and predating on you on the arrival point.So overall, the game is not bad and is very fun for the first 4 to 6 hours or so. But after that, I became terribly tired of getting randomly - and ALWAYS - killed by other players. If you're looking for a good sense of community - which was what I was looking for - I do not recommend this game. However, if none of the above bothered you, than you should play this game. Once again, the gameplay, graphics, design and whatnot are all pretty good - I'd say about 7 or 8 out of 10.Overall - 3/10 - mostly because it gets old pretty quickly..."
,Not Recommended,247730,9444280,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,thebagelman123,Having Rust and Dayz as competitors it doesn't compare. There is nothing to do besides run around the city looking for loot and killing other people. Maybe if they improve it more it it would be worth the money but at the state it is in I would say buy Dayz or Rust or save your money. Currently not worth the money.
,Recommended,247730,13319368,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,texasrangerkilla,"I got this game during a steam sale for a few bucks, was very skeptical due to all the bad reviews.First I want to start by saying I like playing rpg games that are single player orentated.  Also Its nice to be challenged or it gets old.Thats how this game feels, you are alone. And unless you got friends who play, it will stay that way. This is cool in my point of view. After putting in a few hours you will check every corner before just walking in, you will constantly be on alert because if you die you pretty much lose everything. Now that would be bad but you do keep cash and out fits, also you have a special invatory at the tadingpost which wont dissapear if you die. But this give the game a real serious feel, and just when you get comfertable and start killing nether, some♥♥♥♥♥with a sniper rifle picks you off then collects it for themself. That might♥♥♥♥♥♥most people off, and I get pissy too. But thats how it would be, survival. The graphics are really good, and leveling your charicter is rather fast, but this is because you will likely die and have to do it again. It sucks starting from scratch if you dont have a weapon stockpile at the trading post, but as you progress you will get better at surviving and thats what makes it fun. I think the people who have written bad reviews recently are mostly upset that they suck are games that reflect real survival. If you die your dead, start over.Also server connect times are much better, I connect almost instantly.I give this game 8/10 but probable would not buy it for more than 20$ im not sure of the price as of now.(I got if for like 4$)"
,Not Recommended,247730,13953591,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,clonejoe,"Stole my god damn money. I've tried time and time again to get this game to work, but I can't even get past the login screen because it won't let me. I'm not gonna jump through hoops and run a marathon to make the game work because I shouldn't have to. Also they use their own proprietary websites which are super sketchy and make battlelog look like a god send. Until these developers provide a simple way (BUILT INTO STEAM) to be able to play the damn thing I can't recommend it at all. Maybe I'll review the game when they make a decent login system that a normal human being can figure out without having to scour forums (with outdated security certificates) or try stupid tricks just to get the login screen to let you into the magical super exclusive and elusive game that probably isn't even that amazing. I apologize for the rant but God Damn. I'd rather try my hand at LN2 Overclocking than waste another second playing ""Login Failed"" the game. Video Games aren't like a lego set. I shouldn't have to put this♥♥♥♥♥♥together myself."
,Not Recommended,247730,13961150,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,JEANLEDRAGON,"This game is pure crap, the account needed is pure crap, everytime you'll try to run this crap it'll just won't. Everything the devs did is luring people into buying this crappy game, and the only add on they should add is a complete refund.Do not buy this game, even if you found it interesting.It's just not a game, it's crap."
76561198067149810,Not Recommended,247730,13961344,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,EDL going back to AFRIKA,how do i get a refund?
,Recommended,247730,13261784,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Ghadzhookz,"It's a challenging game, no doubt. But fun. It breaks the standard FPS feel, though the elements are there. If you play in a group I suggest you make certain you know them. Trust no one ingame. It sometimes feels like a persistant rougelike game, as you get to start all over when you die- and you will die, a lot. Get mad but get even."
76561198060335262,Not Recommended,247730,17323167,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,ROWLEY MY NAME IS JEFF,"This game is utterly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ i wasted 10 whole dollars on this game! It is glitchy, Buggy and now its deleted my account (not that i want to play it anyway). It was a copy paste of warz. It is just a cash grab, from the inability to open some loot items unless u have keys which cost real money to the cash shop, It is blatently obvious that this game is pay to win!"
,Not Recommended,247730,17600845,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Krud,This game has been completely abandoned in an unfinished and broken state.
76561198032796863,Not Recommended,247730,9034163,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Nando,no i do not recommend this game is suck when they did the new update and before u think i cus i suck at the game i had 1256 kill
76561198023769217,Not Recommended,247730,12977335,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,nostromo,"A brilliant concept that looked like it was heading the same way as the intriguing trailer. I bought it at the insane £29.99 when it was beta. I played through the glitches and forgave it, I wandered the wastelands in awe of what was going to be.Then the devs decided to make it more like unreal tournament; the time alive grew shorter; the other players hell bent on killing you on sight and any hint of teamwork evaporated. All reward was gone, I tediously levelled up to the max then would be wasted by one shot from an assailant that wasn't there. Cheats were impervious; they clogged the safezones and they were invincible; they would kill you just 'cos without even looting you. The price plummeted to almost nothing, just like the servers. Customer support packed up and left.They took our money and ran, Steam should give refunds and sue Nether for the costs! What an awful example of overpriced beta junk. Nether got to hell you robbing pigs."
76561198113230177,Not Recommended,247730,11328062,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Prone,"This game is literaly unplayable,wayyyy to many bugs,i was recently in game with tons of loot and i glitched through the roof of a building and fell to my death.Lost 45% of my money in game to because i died,what the ♥♥♥♥ is that???Go get Day Z if you want a good survival game,not this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,247730,10811927,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Lovely,bad
76561198109128736,Recommended,247730,8350225,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Treverly1995,THIS GAME IS NOT EVEN LAUNCHING FOR ME! WTF! I DID NOT JUST PAY 19$ FOR A GAME TO NOT WORK!
,Recommended,247730,8315632,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Ostenum,Fun to play with friends! Warning: NEED A REALLY GOOD COMP TO PLAY
76561198089853680,Not Recommended,247730,9608017,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,NFG_Gamer,"Ok...Safezones are the most dangerous places in the game.you get killed by players camping the exits.if you manage to make it in odds are is it will be swarmed by nether while your there.only way to stop it is to repair these beacon things. which you cant do because of the nether swarmthis makes gathering items useless since you can only trade the items in safezones.they have a money system which is just stupid, and you drop it when you die. nether do not drop the money only people do.this is what fuels the player hate. nether only drop bones, skin, etc...weapons are also very rare. you can walk around for a hour and only find candybars and broken weapons. these are useless unless you can get to a safezone which is where you will get killed.regaining health is also very difficult, and since its permadeath it makes this game quite pointless to play unless you like to gather resources for people who are going to kill you so you can restart and do it all over again.In my three hours i made it into the safezone only once just to get killed by nether while i was in there.Thats Some Safezone...Oh and did i mention that its in early access and theres content you need to buy. THE DAMN THING ISNT EVEN FINISHED YET AND YOUR MAKING US PAY FOR ""EXTRA"" CONTENT???This game is a F***ing Joke."
76561198121813659,Recommended,247730,9051983,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Anyone Got A Cig,"awesome game probably one of my favorites you start with a kitchen knife and try to find things to help you survive there is a level system but you lose levels when you die the level system is more of a reward for getting xp the levels give you things like  sprinting longer , gaining a little more over health , and doing more damage  there is a food level you have to keep up or you will slowly die also the nether are alerted by sound crouching makes you travel slow but lets you sneak passed threats  one of my favorite things is global storage this lets you store things you find and keep them save  there are safe bases where you go to buy and sell and store your items sometimes players watch these but if you dont just walk up in plain view they are easily avioded pvp is a big part of this game which i think is one of the fun parts but you can also group up with freinds and see them on the map and talk in a privite chat to help increase the chances of killing other players or nether  there is alot of diffrent  hats and masks you can buy in safe bases and they do not drop on death they are a kind of way to show how expirenced you are or just to look cool you can get them by saving money that you get by finding things and selling them so the basic gist of the game is find things survive and kill anyone that gets in the way of that  and i think its worth much more than twenty dollars very fresh game"
,Not Recommended,247730,10788965,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Marcarco,"It's pretty much a unfinished game, the content and the idea is nice but it's not properly done.There is barely any monsters around cept' on certain area's I've been walking around for about 30 minutes and only spotted 2 monsters. Getting spotted by one is the most embarrasing part, they walk straight lines. they have no smart pathing. The devs were so lazy that they made them all teleport so they ''don't'' need pathing, yet they keep getting stuck everywhere and glitch everywhere.It's like the AI is very limited, which makes it less fun, making pvp more likely to happen.You guys already failed with WarZ/Infected stories, you are on your way to another failure. Time to stop making games."
,Not Recommended,247730,13628133,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,traq♥,"Not enough players now after being out for this time, the updates don't help out much, and it generally is not designed too well. The world looks great, and the enemies are very scary at times when you are trying to sneak through a street. BUT the spawn locations are always random forgetting the first time you play, if you die with one character you lose EVERYTHING you did with him, even the levelling up, which is sort of realistic but is just a pain after wasting all that time collectiong things just to get killed by stupid things like safezone attacks, which are ridiculous on their own. they may be a good idea, but every game you join will have the safezones being attacked, which many people in the game will just ignore, which sucks because you can't fight off the creatures on your own. The map feels very atmospheric a lot of the time, but it does have weird places where there is a straight barrier you walk up instead of the actual object, such as a hill which makes many feel like you're walking up something flat. (but that's a minor point really)Overall, i wouldn't reccommend buying it unless you don't want to buy DayZ in case it goes under 15% off for once in it's lifetime, even though it's not finished. Unless you have friends who have got it and would play it with you, it's probably not worth it."
76561198058414962,Not Recommended,247730,9073405,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,ToxicAvenger858,"Well after two months of downtime I decided to play again now that i'm a clan member, yet I find myself increasingly irritated at the damn game. I joined a clan to ensure I had some sort of protection from at least part of the players, namely my own clan members, but no. I find myself lying face down with everything I had gathered being looted by...and get this, A FELLOW STALKER CLAN MEMBER!!!!WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥! I refuse to waste any amount of time on this game until they have at least some sort of a non PvP server."
,Not Recommended,247730,11064824,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Saizmatters,"WARNING: (First a warning, then the review) THIS GAME IS DESIGNED TO TAKE YOUR MONEY. I bought this game when it was in Alpha because I believed in the concept and in the developers. I wish I hadn't. The first warning of this game being a sleezy cash grab was that there is 3 different versions of the game available for purchase. The next sign is when you first purchase items in the ""Safe Zones"" (not really safe at all). Many of the cosmetic items are purchased through ""Nether Gold"" which is buying items with real life money. There is also items that are not comsetics that can be purchased with Nether Gold; don't be fooled these items may seem subtle and meaningless to purchase but those little items make a big difference once you get the hang of the game. Lastly the biggest sign that this game is designed to take your money is the locked containers layed across the world. You can only open them with what are called Golden Keys. This is where all the best loot is located, which means that a lot of the good loot is now locked away behind these containers. It is no longer about exploring the most dangerous places for the best loot, it is about finding a container. Want to play as a Nether creature? Purchase the Potion for in-game currency or Nether Gold only to be able to play as the creature for 3 turns. It is simply made to take your money.Now, if the whole, ""It's made to take your money away"" thing didn't scare you away, here's the review:This game was created on the idea that you had to survive a post-apocalyptic world plagued with monsters called Nether. It is quite a refreshing take from the rest of the post-apocalyptic survival games out there. There is a wide variaty of Nethers to fight and each with a different pattern of behavior. The first person perspective allows you to be more immersed, which really helps to add to the atmosphere because this game really makes you feel as if the world is destroyed and you are alone. Those are what the game should be...the reality is that this game failed to deliver all that. The game has so many bugs that at any moment you start to feel true immersion you get smacked in the face with an animation of a Nether jumping up and down, or getting stuck between 2 cars THAT ARE 10 METERS APART! The Nethers? There is a variety of them, but they range from difficult to kill to pull your testicules (or ovaries) out of yourself and smack the screen with them. I understand that it is supposed to be a brutal game, but there is a difference from enjoying a challenge to simply being having no chance of survival. The game is supposed to be a survival game, not a death trap. You spawn with nothing but a kitchen knife. The most basic enemy can teleport behind you (or any side you may not be looking at) and smacks you. Encounter a screacher and you're done for.The game allows for leveling up your character. It sounds great in theory, but in practice it makes all players more angry. If you die, all progress made is gone. It hurts more to know you're at a level 32 and you died just because a Nether teleported behind you or another Player shot you. Other players almost always (ALMOST) shoot on site. No complaints there because it is the nature of a survival game. I do not like it very much but it is what it is, there is a system set up to counter act this behavior but it is futile.The game LOOKS pretty on the screenshots but don't be fulled. To achieve that level of quality you have to access the SystemSettings file in the corresponding folder and manually some of the extra effects. If you do enable the effect, the game will have so little frames-per-seconds and so much screen tearring that you would think you were about to pass through a black hole in space.Missions? Have you ever wanted to play a Mailman Simulator? Well...this is for you. Carry item from point A to point B and if you die you lose the item, the XP you had gained, and all progress. This is a problem when you realize someone can simply stand outside the delivery destination and shoot you before you deliver the package so they can get the XP. There are 3 other types of missions; Killing the big bad Nether, Escort Missions (technically the same as being a mailman), and defending the safe zone (which is a real dumb ****ing idea since you go to the safe zone TO BE SAFE!) .Overall? I had fun at first playing this game. Everything seemed to doing just find for the first couple of hours but now...it is just garbage.PS. If all this does not persuade you into not buying this game, consider this. This game went from Alpha stage to full release without prior warning. The game had not delivered all the promised features it had said it would have and the developers are no where to be found to answer questions. You might notice that the World Map has some areas shadowed out, well those areas were supposed to be open by full release. There was also supposed to be PvE survers, or at the very least PvE areas, and those weren't delivered either. Story or background on the world? NONE. The game is overwhelmed with cheaters and hackers, with things like moving faster, or being able to see people through walls.If you do not purchase thank you. If you do purchase, well I'll be excited to read your review."
,Not Recommended,247730,11265404,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Lepon,"Very much do no buy this game at the moment.Haven't been able to join a server yet. Either the server browser laggs out for ever causing you to have to force quit the game after 20 mins, or you try and connect to a server and it just returns to the server browser after a couple of seconds of black.If I could get my money back I would."
,Recommended,247730,9078733,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Eclipse,"Like DayZ, but goo-Welp nevermind the DayZ people found it."
,Not Recommended,247730,14555738,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,wallmartshopper,cant even sign in. WTF
,Not Recommended,247730,16725260,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,ABONKERSCHICKEN,Avoid
76561198097644157,Recommended,247730,9073334,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Bob Churkin,"I love this game! It is definitely worth buying! I have put over 30 hours into this game within the first week of playing it! Thumbs up all the waty, but keep in mind its still in beta!"
,Not Recommended,247730,10724963,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,eccentrik,Game does not launch / work.
,Not Recommended,247730,14145561,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Soup,"Waste of money, but maybe it will become better later."
,Recommended,247730,18778672,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Meeloo,"For full price, don' buy this game. Get it when its on sale. You may be surprised if you play with a friend of just how good of a game it is. It's not great, nor by any means horrible its just... Taking too long to be good like when it first came out. So for full price don't buy it. If you can spend a Spare 3$ (or 6$ for a friend as well) go for it.Final Rating: 6/10Recommended for Sale, for full price nope."
,Not Recommended,247730,13338342,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Pipe Delegator,"Lets start by saying that I really want to enjoy this game. The concept is great, the combat literally gets my heart pumping, and the high-risk/high-reward type gameplay is definately something I enjoy in a game if it is done right. Instead of delivering an immersive post-apocalyptic survival horror game, the developers have made it a ♥♥♥♥ing horror show of bugs and game breaking glitches. The problem is, you get one life, and that is it. A small bug such as getting stuck in a car due to clipping issues may not seem like a big deal but when you've been playing the same character for 5 days and die because of some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing glitch it can be a nuclear♥♥♥♥♥♥firestorm of frustration. Every freakin' time i've reinstalled this game the developers not only launch a new patch that makes more ♥♥♥♥ing problems, they launch an intercontinental nuclear♥♥♥♥♥♥missile land on my♥♥♥♥♥♥and smother any faith in this damn game in♥♥♥♥♥fluid. FIX YOUR GAME PLEASE. ITS ALL WE WANT."
76561198070227435,Not Recommended,247730,16540626,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,kerfluffinmuffin,"Nether.  Nether...oh man...oh sweet mama...oh lord have some mercy...God ain't good afterall.  This was a disappointment.  This was hogwash.  For the first month I couldn't even play the game.  I was infuriated then, but that wasn't anything compared to the monstrosity that emerged.  All my life I wanted a good game.  I got TRASH."
,Not Recommended,247730,27551016,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dustalvion,"Unimpressed with the direction this game went. It went from a neat Early Access concept to a complete and utter apathetic disaster. Games like this are why Early Access should not be a thing, especially for unproven teams."
,Not Recommended,247730,26683034,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Splatterman,"Was so excited, wasted my money. Incredibly boring if it did work, doesn't work, and therefore simply an annoying waste of money."
,Not Recommended,247730,26746672,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Hunter,game =♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,247730,11162774,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Flamo72,"Interesting Game with huge focus on survival, pvp and looting. The game has potential but is inevitably unplayable in Australia due to poor servers. I frequently lose connection with the server without realising and keep playing for another twenty minutes before realising I have dc'd and must force the game to close with task manager. I highly recommend waiting for the game to iron out its plethora of bugs before investing in this product."
76561198069284086,Not Recommended,247730,13691564,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,ORNHOLIO,"I can't even log in anymore, the website is down, the ""troubleshoot login"" is a blank page, and to tell the truth, its forcing pvp down your throat and there is a microtransaction for EVERYTHING from ammo to medkits. The fun ended with the beta.EDIT: The addition of PvE has rekindled that lost hope of this game, and i may pick it up again.."
,Not Recommended,247730,13717277,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Sameki,"Don't listen to the reviews, there is still a ton of hacking. This game has 0 playablility with higher level people camping out the starting safezones just to kill people. They then complain when a hacker comes along and kills them all.Bought the game for 5 dollars and I still regret it.DO NOT BUY"
76561198139419461,Not Recommended,247730,13730981,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Crizm,I've yet to even get to play the game due to a bug with servers only fixable by uninstalling and reinstalling0/10 wouldn't waste money again
,Not Recommended,247730,13736739,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,tuutti,"2/5 Buy to win, would not play again -IGN"
76561198025931296,Not Recommended,247730,13738721,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,rexz047,"As much as it pains me to say this considering i watched Nethers' game progression with great wants and dreams, i would NOT recommend this game to anyone.  The glitches and Issues in this game are getting better, and i see progession in fixing Landscape issues, (or maybe im just use to running around known glitchy areas) The Biggiest and ""Known"" Problem is the,..here i say it""...HACKERS.  Most commonly known, speedhackers.  There is Auto-Aiming, SpeedHack, WallHack, and ESP.  People complain saying"" it will get better"" or ""Give Devs. Time to fix the hackers.""  These Replies Do not interest me in any way because Nether Is a ""Survival"" Game. ""ANY!"" hacker, a SINGLE hacker, ruines this game because it's critital to the gameplay.  From Playing for an hour to 3 days without dying, Losing everything from a hacker in a single second is the biggest problem a game can have. It's Dediciated to surviving, and hackers make this conceite Impossible.  Nether Is Bluntly "" Playing basketball when your 4 Ft' tall and the other team is 6 feet and above.  No matter how hard you try, or learn, there is no way to win. ESP hacks make this worse, now you can't even shoot because the basketball goes flat every time you hold it. In Short, The Game Is Dead For Now, And Updates are completely Unimportant and dont effect the needed fixes. Dev's. cant even give us the Damn imformation on any updates. NOTHING IS POSTED WHERE IS SHOULD BE! With a broken Game, and no Activity in Fixing It, ""NETHER IS DEAD"""
,Recommended,247730,13741160,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Toast,This is a good premise and game plays well. Smother action from enemy characters and the ability to turn your head would greatly improve this game.
76561198149249894,Not Recommended,247730,13745397,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,lostinopenworld,this game is good but the the speed and the login are bad now even when it have the remember me it just bad
76561197972325892,Not Recommended,247730,13746145,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,tkrich,"I have just bought this game and have yet to get it to start.  The closest that I get is the ""Creating Account"" screen, but it never closes and my account isn't created.  It looks like a good game, but without being able to play it, I can't recommend it."
76561198075852132,Not Recommended,247730,13794374,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,McSpicy2k,This game is sooooo broken cant even get into a server. I would like my money back :p
,Not Recommended,247730,13694690,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,MidnightClad,What started with great intentions has ended in a mess of pvp and hacking. Be sure that when you start playing pay to win and hacking are very prevelant in this game and almost required if you would like to participate in pvp longer than 5 minutes.
,Not Recommended,247730,13638383,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,feasega,"from a beautiful game to a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pay to win, shame it had to end this way"
,Recommended,247730,8887335,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Goat Nuts,Nice. Thanks for the $0.01 Nether
76561198003101460,Not Recommended,247730,23718061,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,OreoBama,Worse and most regretful purchase i have ever made on steam...not noly is teh game a resource hog but when i played the servers were dead an dif you did find people they were pretty much OverPowered and killed you on site...there's so much wrong wiht this game its better if you dont even ask just avoid this game and try to get a refund if you just recently bought it.
,Not Recommended,247730,11806166,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,．ｒａｒ　♛,"One of the worst games that I've ever played. No intro, no tutoiral or anything, it's just boom you have nothing now go do stuff. There's about a thousand and one bugs and the player base are just as helpful as the game is to new players. There's also just monsters that come out of no-where for no apparent reason and it only takes a few hits and you're dead.TL:DR ♥♥♥♥♥♥game, don't buy."
76561198068287171,Recommended,247730,9227758,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Mr.dudeface,Stuff's freaking complicated. Have to go through so much just to start it up. I've spent almost 2 hours just trying to load it up. Haven't even been able to play it yet.
,Recommended,247730,10711985,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,lurkinwilli=VX9=,"The Nether, Lets say its a cross between aliens and zombies..... Great game in my eyes, Love the look of the game the combat is a bit left to be disared but its ok for now, they are active with the fourms and updates! I would buy again if i had to!Update 7/3/14This game is really great idea, the depth of the game is there if you want it to be, Or you can just go runaround kill stuff and do it all over again or you can get in to it, there are all storts of things you can do ! I Still RECOMEND THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,247730,13963644,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Nyrobyl,It's like Masturbating with sandpaper while pouring bleach down your urethra. 10/10
76561198017682963,Not Recommended,247730,10398655,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,[WOBO]Damien282,"This game is absolutely pointless. DO NOT BUY IT! the developers released a piece of crap beta that at best is worth $3.99. The gameplay is rough and choppy, the mission objectives are monotonous and boring, and the technology is unbelievable. The story is total crap, and the character abilities are minimal. again... DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY LIKE I DID!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,247730,32671241,Posted: 23 June,all,BerZerk csgobig.com,S - C - A - M
,Not Recommended,247730,32629277,Posted: 21 June,all,Nakomy,Pure scam
76561198122315124,Recommended,247730,11428990,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Magpie,"A true horror experience in which you have to follow the rules. Stray too far, and you'll wind up dead. If you like dancing around every zombie like a goof with no threat or atmosphere whatsoever, play Day Z. If you like having the♥♥♥♥♥♥scared out of you while running screaming from 20 bloodthirsty Crawlers all because you got a little too close to that Shrieker, Play Nether. Preferably in the dark with a pair of headphones."
,Not Recommended,247730,32487987,Posted: 16 June,all,Kaskagues,"Bulls**t. This looked promising at the beginning but gosh, don't even bother looking at the videos.It's garbage. Don't loose your time========================Una basura. aburre nada más empezar."
76561197976340921,Not Recommended,247730,11952260,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Varu'Astra,This 'game' is really not that.  It's a continuous torture upon Yourself that one undergoes out of sheer buyer remorse/denial and utter ♥♥♥♥ing disbelief . . .
76561198060733753,Recommended,247730,11993547,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,xXRavingstarXx,Just fine to me.
76561198075669696,Recommended,247730,14792621,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,HubalaMen,"Unfinished game, but really addictive 7/10"
,Not Recommended,247730,11828477,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Pretzel,"Games broken as hell, I'd say you will have a 40% chance of actually being able to play it upon purchasing it"
76561198139476778,Not Recommended,247730,12115795,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Tyrannosaurus rex,"this game is rubbish. it looked awesome but i cant even get into the game. and i would not recommend this at all, i want my money back"
,Not Recommended,247730,12134298,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Bong rips for succ,"This game absoltly sukz.  It took 30 min to figure out how to create an account.  After that a message came u that said ""The program cant start because XINPUT1_3.dll is missing from your computer.  Try reinstalling the program to fix this problem.""  wtsf?  How do i fix?  What duz it even mean anyway?"
76561198140957452,Not Recommended,247730,11944765,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,sebking,♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,247730,11747365,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Seduce Me!,"This game seems to get better and worse as time goes on. Yes, they fixed getting hit throught walls, but now there are hackers that can see you through walls. I remember back when this game first came out I dont remember getting spawn killed ONCE. Now I can't even leave the spawn unless I join some server in fricken somolia with 2 people on it. It had a cool vibe going when it was new.Then the safe zone camping and difficulty to anything without running into hackers or pvp'ers with 800 ping made that cool feeling wear fast. Unless you are a script kiddie or have a sundial for a computer and a lust for blood - aviod this game."
76561198036164504,Recommended,247730,10824981,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ButtHash,"Im not sure why there are so many people talking crap about this game. Yes, it is your generic FPS ""alien"" survival game. The game is a little buggy here and there. In overall, the game is great and put together really well. I have played RUST, Infestation, and other multiplayer survival games and this is by far my favorite. like I said earlier, its not perfect but it is a great game and has great potential in the future with current updates and bug fixes. If your looking for the ""perfect"" ""zombie"" ""survival"" game, your never going to find it.There are some side quests like (Boss Battles) (Escort packages) (Taking Control Over Outpost) and Tribes that let you play with friends. This is worth the buy! If your going to be picky and say all the BAD things about a game, Go play infestaion and cry yourself to sleep.Nether is a Great game! :)"
,Recommended,247730,10848902,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Ronock,"So happy i didn't take the advice of others, i brought this game expecting it too be bad and was pretty happy with my purchase, has nice graphics and i feel the reason people moan is the constant KOS but tbh, thats just something that comes with all survival mutliplayer games.This game has a great dense map, plenty to do and is pretty challenging even from a PvE standpoint, 9/10 (Even in early access)"
76561197988174548,Not Recommended,247730,10851858,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,TRD,This game is atrocious. Bugged to hell and absolutely not fun. Don't buy it.
76561198046464418,Recommended,247730,10888517,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,[HG] lambada,"There are some bugs, but they are not to bad. It is really fun game but a better one if you have friends to play with."
,Not Recommended,247730,10823894,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Tric,"Doesnt even load.  Everything and its cousin is telling me not to run the program and to not follow the confirmation to the website, to confirm my account.  The farthest I got into the ""game"" (prounced: ripoff) is the server screen.  Where it then instantly lags out and freezes.  I then have to open the task manager to even get it to shut down as everything related to this program becomes unpresponsive.I will be asking Valve for my one time refund."
76561198046354691,Recommended,247730,10855727,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,TheKakeisalie,dis game be da shiznit
,Not Recommended,247730,11060661,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,SteveQ8,"I just dont get it, as simple as that [ Worst game ever ] I played it for like half an hour and got so bored then deleted it immediately, pls dont be fooled by the screen shots or whatever trailers u see or gameplays, even Monstes they`re not aliens or any creatuers been made in any horror/survival game, I wouldn`t play it even if it was free or a gift I hate it and so many others do thats it."
76561198064046682,Not Recommended,247730,11087806,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Xervish,"For me to simply not recommend would not encompass how cripplingly terrible this game is. At first glance the character models and hit-boxes of the world are unsynced and often non-existent and the general feel of the game is like it hasn't even got alpha - it feels like a game engine for a much better but still terrible game....But I continued to follow the insanely vague direction I had until I got to a point where I realised there was no goal to the game at all. The idea is survival with no direction other than 'drink some water every 45 minutes.' without any real encouragement of exploration; the reason for the game seems to be to wait for hours in safezones, until you run out of water and then quickly leave to kill two things so you can buy more water.All I want to know is what in the hell was the developer's vision in this game and why did it go so horribly wrong? All I can recommend is that they give up anything to do with the games industry, and infact anything creative for the rest of their lives.So yes, I am a bit annoyed I wasted my money on this game even though I bought it on sale. Putting it simply, I would not recommend the use of money on this game to my worst enemies. Perhaps, to be optimistic, it can be used as an example of how not to make a game, or hold a strong spot in a 'worst games of all times' list, simply to give it any purpose at all."
,Recommended,247730,10821989,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Kitty,The game is actually rreally fun but you must remember it is beta so it has many issues in the menus and login areas but once you get into the game it is really well done. :)
76561198066604164,Not Recommended,247730,10755478,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,MdogMatt,"DON'T GET THIS PIECE OF CAKE!!!!!!I COULD BE FUUUN IF IT FROASTING WORKED!!!!!!FIRST IT LETS YOU LOG IN, MY MAKING A SANDWICHING ACCOUNT.THEN IT TAKES ABOUT 15 MINUTES TO CREATE THE ACCOUNT.AFTER YOU LOG IN, YOU MUST WAIT 5 MINUTES BEFORE YOU CAN USE YOUR MOUSE TO SELECT A SERVER.then the next day, the game gives you a login fail and when you try to create a new password, it doesnt go through with the plan and tells you to go to their Sh%^ty SOPPORTTHEIR SUPPORT TELLS YOU NOTHING USEFUL AT ALL, AND YEAH. THE GAME IS BROKENthe end"
,Not Recommended,247730,11344019,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Blarghy,I got $65 worth of stuff for only $6 and I still feel ripped off.
76561198040598528,Recommended,247730,9355711,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,RuffianValentine,MMM. nether. So finna dang.
,Not Recommended,247730,13084984,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Woodiey,Couldn't even start the blasted thing every time I tried to log in it asked me to link my Steam account after clicking yes it would try and log in then ask me to link my Steam account again. Do not buy.
76561198132696091,Not Recommended,247730,12746327,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,nerdlogic77,Terrible!!!!!!!!! Everytime i look at this game it makes me barf. DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,247730,16751171,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Charles III,Complete♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,247730,9932056,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,!MAD! IGOR KAZIMIR farmskins.com,"BETA Review:This game looks really amazing. Design of city is really great.  Horror Atmosphere in this dark city is too great. Its hardcore game, if you played Warz(Currently Infestation: Survivor Strories), this is the same but with some changes:1. Its more more hardcore than ISS. Why? ok i tell you why..This City is really empty. So you cant find so many items and things in every build like in ISS. ISS loot in every small town or big city was really easy(ISS 1 hour looting: 20 bandages, 20 pills, 3 weapons, food....Nether 1 hour looting 3 bandages, 2 bottles of water, 2 energy bars, 3 9mm ammo+12 gauge and pistol (desert eagle) with 4 bullets in mag. Yes this is one from factors why nether is more HC. Its harder survive here.....Next Change: Skills...Yes Skills, why skills? If you played ISS, you know after kill zombie or complete some quest you got some EXP points. Its the same system like in Nether. But the main change in Skills is reset.. Yes if you die in Nether, your skilltree will be resetted. You will begin from 0 with skills. So if you get maximum your skills and you will die. You create new survivor with reseted skills, so 0 skills. Yes this is Hardcore and last change..Monsters. Its not About zombies, its about monsters, they are harder to kill, if they are in group you will need more friends to beat them. Currently the hardest monster to kill for me is Mantis, He can fly and he deals too much DMG. So if you meet with him, Run away or you will die.....Ok this is good page of this game. Now let´s to see on Bads..  This game still needs muuuuuuch more updates. Bugs, lags, optimalization(terrible, like Dead Island for me). Its really bad if you want play this game without lags, you need really strong performance. Why? this is bad way how to earn money, Currenty im playing this game with 20-38 FPS Low Settings (AMD radeon HD 6570,AMD Phenom(tm) II X4 955 Processor (3.2 GHZ), 8 GB Ram). Its not so bad, its playable but its not so good for FPS game. OK this is all. I hope this game will get more helpful updates(Fix bugs, better optimalization for low Performance) and this game will be one from the best games what i could play."
,Not Recommended,247730,13164625,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Ziggy,"10/10 Would never play again! IT SUCKS, I spent 5 mins on it!"
,Not Recommended,247730,14603171,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,ThymeTheory,"Seemed like a good idea at the time, looked like DayZ, but its not, its worse, did you support during early access? I did, and what do i get in return, nothing, literally, nothing, not even my password works, i cant play, wanna reset your password? NOPE the site the Dev gives to everyone on the forum, dead, no such link, what about the offical site, that should work right? NOPE ""email sent"" well thats funny, because i never got it, well you could always make a new account right? NOPE! if you make a new account, you cant link it to steam because your old account is linked to steam, well what about the site listed in the info section of the game under the officail development site, oh, no suprises, another dead end, if you want to waste your money and time, go ahead, buy this game you WILL be disapointed, if you want a good surival game with awesome mechanics and horror themes, this game isnt what you want, only buy this game if you want to throw your computer across the room in a fit of rage because it wont let you log in, and it wont let you reset your password to try again, then again, the Devs are Russian... In Russia, Game Buys You."
,Not Recommended,247730,14629976,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Durant,"so much potential, so much scam. this is just another stomping grounds early access that i happened to get caught in...  now they ""released"" the game and it's worse than it was before. don't buy this."
,Not Recommended,247730,10236820,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,ADucksOpinion,This game is down right♥♥♥♥♥♥. everything is pay to win.. the nether them self are OP.. your life does not regen and you NEVER find guns or bikes any where.. this is worst the WARZ and i wish i never paid money for this POS
76561198065908160,Not Recommended,247730,12002484,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Miloslolz,"Don't buy this game you will be very disapointed, It's just WarZ all over again and a DayZ clone. The biggest enemy are humans who constantly kill you for the lolz, the weapons are boring and the survival aspect barely exists, I mean if you can even manage to get into the game that's a pro."
,Not Recommended,247730,12076060,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Bulldog,Horrable game the community is terrable everything is camped constantly no loot to be found. Dont waste your money or time on this.
76561198077162047,Not Recommended,247730,12131381,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,And1,"This game is awful and i mean it,the engine is alright I guess but,everything else is horrible. There is no point in playing after 5-20 hours because all of the missions are the same : Drop off a package or and escort mission. The next thing that is bad is that there are no PvE servers,imagine this,you are walking,happy because you hit level 15 got some good weapon drops,you get near the ''SAFE'' zone and a random OP player comes and kills you with his awesome weapons that he payed for. Payed for?!YES! There are chests in the game that you can't open unless you pay to open them. I would love to get a refund for the 3,49 euros i payed for it."
76561198054795123,Not Recommended,247730,12135161,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,SentiantBeing,Waste of time and money....worst 20 bucks ive ever spent.
,Not Recommended,247730,11923030,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Dreizehn,I wish i could get my money back...
76561198066820385,Not Recommended,247730,11950422,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,BigWang92,"I got this game about a month after it came out. I played it for a week and then started to play Arma 3 which is by far better than Nether. Anyways, I came back to play the game about a month ago and I remembered my Username and password but it said it was innocorrect so I made a new account but it said that there is already an account synced with my steam account. It was a watse of 20 or 15 dollars, don't buy it at 10"
,Not Recommended,247730,12152335,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Lil Mayo,Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥and let me play the damn game ♥♥♥♥ mber and ♥♥♥♥ you. I want my money back.
76561198025110148,Not Recommended,247730,11949508,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Lux-Vertas,"AVOID THIS LIKE IT CARRIES A SUPER PLAGUE THAT WILL WIPE OUT THE WORLD!Ahem, Basically remember the WarZ? Well this game rips this one off... it may give it a shiney coat but it's the same pile of poop!"
76561198088341940,Not Recommended,247730,12146202,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Litchy,"Pros - Has potential and at first seems fun, doing abit of looting, bit of walking....Cons  - Hackers!!!!!! Everywhere!- Its not dayz!!!"
,Not Recommended,247730,11965804,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Rhuryn,...
,Not Recommended,247730,11849823,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,French toast with boobs,HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA GAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
,Not Recommended,247730,25469074,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,NOX,Broken abandonware.
76561198049210461,Recommended,247730,8590264,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,bradams,"Edit: -more recent (June 9) views now posted below, sum up of changes from last review at bottom:It has been a quite a run on this game for me, going from hating it, to enjoying it, to finding something I cant stand, to finding something that makes dealing with the previous thing worth it, and finally this game leaves early access, (They are still updating and working on it though,so dont fear that any existing bugs are perminant now) and though it is not perfect, and defenatly not for everyone, i will say it has earned its way to a thumbs up from me, ill explain a little below, trying to keep it short and detailed (Ill really try this time)Well this game takes place in after an appocolypse of sorts, with the world left in ruins and overrun by creatures called Nether, and your job as a survivor in a city is to simply keep on surviving, nomatter what it takes, nomatter the price,but be warned, Nether arent the only things to be afraid of in this world, you must watch your hunger or it can become as dangerous as any Nether, and other survivors (players) will do whatever it takes to stay alive as well, and in a world where death is around every corner, anybody can see anything as a threat...The graphics on this game are very good, not perfect, but nothing that should ever stop anyone from enjoying a game. There are graphical bugs here and there, but they are working on them from the looks of it. Sound is also good too, and extremely important to surviving in this game, both are tweakable to optimize your playing experience.The gameplay itself, is very geared towards a certain audience, the high stakes of death will keep you feeling nervous in your gaming chair, and trying to keep calm and smart is as important as it has ever been. You will die, probly a lot, and you will lose everything you have on you every time (there is a storage system. It is limited, but anything you put there is always safe there untill you take it out) so if your easilly angered or just need that feel of progression in a game, this is probly not for you, as there is no storyline, only surviving, and starting over when you fail. There are also various events you can do around the world, such as escort missions or capturing locations for your tribe.(your team, basiclly) Though limited, they can be a nice way to take a break from your normal routine.Although you would think that a crisis like this would bring humanity together, in this game, 95% of the players you encounter will try and murder you, mostly just for fun, so it would be strongly advised you start this game with real life friends and a chat program, or you may miss out on a good portion of fun due to looking at respawn screens.A huge part of this game is searching the world for things you need to survive, whether it be food, gun parts, ammo, healing items, or things to sell to a vendor for cash to buy other usefull items, you will find yourself scavenging buildings for a good portion of your playtime, so there is a lot of exploring. The rest of the stuff you will collect for various reasons is Nether parts, which you get by, you guessed it, killing Nether, giving combat against the creatures purpose.The combat in this game is pretty simple, you got melee weapons, which do what you think they would, block and hit, and guns, which of course go pew pew, Unfortunatly the simplicity of it carries over to fights against the ai and doesnt leave them as entertaining as you would hope, but its not too boring, just slightly repetative, since enemies typiclly behave the same way everytime you encounter them. Players on the other hand, are where the fear comes in. Players camping buildings with high powered rifles is extremely common, and though there is a tribe system to encourage teamwork, the slightest hesitation can be the difference between walking home with more ammo, or not walking home at all, making player interactions typiclly difficult. My personal oppenion, go in with a real life friend or one you know you can trust, because making friends in this game is very challenging, due to the trust issues survivors tend to have.Overall, id say this game has greatly improved. There is now healing over time when your food meter is filled pretty full, so you always have a chance to come back after a good scrap. The map has doubled in size, and appears to have the option to do so again in the future, the looting system is fixed so you can bust into those crates and dumpsters to get your goodies now, and i have yet to see hackers since they got the VAC going. My biggest complaint about this game would be that it has a team system, but when you see other players it doesnt show their name or team until you are almost touching them, a distance that you will NEVER get to with another player before they unload on you, almost making the whole system pointless. This game is still defenatly for certain people and not for others, but if a survival simulator with high stakes and no pushy endgame to work toward is for you, i think its finally time to say, your gonna like this one."
,Recommended,247730,8157581,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,dandoozled,"Good game, very good! Especially if you have a group of friends or a team! I don't mind some glitches since it IS in Alpha! So what do you expect? The gameplay is very smooth, my only concern is, that it's a little bit difficult to obtain weaponry/ equipment, if you don't know your way around. I really like the idea of the SafeZones and Markets! I always feel like i'm trading with other online survivors! The game itself is creepy sometimes, mostly when a Nether spawns and if your wearing a headset the sound effect is really loud! I love this game, I bought the Watcher edition mostly because I don't have many friends that can run it, so there was no use of the guest passes for me. I like the idea of teleportating Nethers instead of zombies! Nethers can clear out any snipers for me! I would rate the game 8/10! Great game, once somethings are fixed i'll rate it again! Pros: Realisitic movement/ environment, Good Graphics, Global Inventory, Markets, etc.Cons: Some glitches, difficult to find equipment            Thats about it! Thanks for making this game, it's a very enjoyable game!"
,Recommended,247730,8184100,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,©Ώ©ĶЙỢ©ҚӘ®,"I Have been playing NETHER most of the day and first impressions are really good.Remembering that this is BETA and not the final finished product it looks and plays great, the atmosphere created is intense and makes you constantly paranoid about whats behind you or around the next corner.Ontop of this the sheer panic that sets in when you meet another human player, is plenty to keep you on the edge of your seat.As soon as options for key rebinds and a save/respawn option arrives this will make the gameplay less frustratingwell done DEVS I look forward to playing the final release"
,Recommended,247730,8174286,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,xTcR | §ɱøĶê¥™ [CO],Speechless Download and play now SUPPORT THIS GAME
76561198041513291,Recommended,247730,8158808,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Slade Valyear,I bought this game and it wont let me play it after transfering my account its still pending been pending for 8 hours respond please?
,Recommended,247730,8187413,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,boob7,gay
,Not Recommended,247730,8162370,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,tomli123,yeahh cool i boght the game.the luncher is downloaded.now you need to create a new account in thier website ok thats fine...now link your steam account wait and...the game will not work.i keep trying and trying.and i can do s^*&it's not working. so you can buy the game.and wait till it will work ok.
,Not Recommended,247730,11556362,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Presidente Castro,i'd rather be force-fed♥♥♥♥♥♥than play this
,Not Recommended,247730,14398555,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Tyler,"I've played this game my fair share of hours, I've had it for a while also. It's was and still is very unoptimized. It's still fun at times but it's nothing I would recommend to someone."
,Not Recommended,247730,20919860,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Goatwhore,"I got the game on a year ago for about 2.79€ (which is not much but now I regret it a lot), but now I just had to share my experience with this idiotic company and unplayable game.After I had registerd on their site so I could play it (which for me was a stupid concept, to have to log in on top of my Steam account), then waited for it to install. When it finally installed and I entered my username and password, and it said ""logging in"" and just nothing happened. I waited for about 10 minutes and then restarted the game. I checked a couple of times if I entered my username and password correctly which I did and still nothing changed. I reported it to the Nether Productions support team but they didn't give a damn to help. Not even a replay. Eventually I gave up and deleted the game. It just stayed in my library never to be touched again. Until I noticed there was a Steam refund system. I asked Steam to refund it, but of course they won't because of the 14-day policy. I didn't even have a chance to play it, my play time was just based on waiting for it to start. Then after that didn't work I tried to log in on their offical site to ask for support again, but I forgot my password. And when I asked for a password reset they didn't even send me an email for that. I was like what the hell.Do I recommend it? I haven't even had a chance to play the game, but from what I've seen I will tell you DO NOT PAY A SINGLE CENT FOR THIS ABSOLUTE GARBAGE!How would I rate it? -10/10I really hope Steam does something about this, but of course nothing will happen."
76561197971161170,Recommended,247730,30101992,Posted: 22 February,all,Oblongbox,I wish they would have kept it going i really liked it when it came out thats all i played
76561198026877919,Not Recommended,247730,20576102,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Blue Nitro,Waste of money.
,Recommended,247730,10074780,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Oceanic,Its something else..
,Not Recommended,247730,23461963,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Dwoannon,It's a fun game but it is a little bit too complicated. It needs to e better with resources. It's hard to find weapons and reources when you die all the time because of a lack ofd resources. It also isn't as much fun as I thought it would be originally. If it had a plot it would be a little better. Maybe a backstory.
,Recommended,247730,18819454,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,krusher99,FINALLY!The old developers have a hold of the game again and they already added singleplayer. They plan a release for multiplayer servers (with no P2W) early december!
,Recommended,247730,9050514,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,|BB|~Cypher~|MSG,2 months ago bought this game cant even play it once. Steam get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together
76561198075234304,Recommended,247730,19027803,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,kozel,Good game
,Recommended,247730,19638300,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,nokashimekushi|skinhub.com,"Good gameplay but kinda laggy, if you could fix the lag i'd play it more!!!!!! but im still gonna play it ITZ AWEZOME!!"
76561198063817421,Not Recommended,247730,20425508,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,இ Runoker,Bad optimization♥♥♥♥♥♥updates
76561198084428181,Not Recommended,247730,20864073,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Holo,Game sucks maybe they sould update the game to look better so it doen't look like♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,247730,21018467,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,IrishSpuds,The only good thing about this game was the live action trailer. Don't play this garbage.
76561198010199347,Not Recommended,247730,10883869,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,SuperSix2,This is in no way a finished product. It shouldn't be listed on steam as one. It is still very early alpha stay away. You've been warned
,Recommended,247730,20104416,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,AshenSD,This game is pretty fun it does set it's self apart from games like dayz and 7 days to die. there are a few problems with Tribes and stats not working. other then that its pretty good.
,Recommended,247730,20520668,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,TadrilLokrien,"Alright, now that its back with Phosphor, and on player ran servers, I'm totally giving this another chance. Nether makes you scared of your  surrounding, not just the players. These are shambling zombies, these aren't running zombies, these are teleporting demons, these are spitting flying raging demons that will swarm you, stomp you, and make you scared to walk the streets... don't let me get started on the players. We'll see how it goes with a few days on player made servers, make sure they aren't still hacker infested like back in the day, the game play seems the same, they lost the petty microtransactions, and if the servers are fair, this is going to bring back the heart pumping adrenaline that I missed."
,Recommended,247730,18979446,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,General Havoc,"The developers @ Phosphor Games Studio had stopped working on the game until recently. They have removed the pay 2 win aspect making this game so much better. These two things are the reason why I decided to finally to buy the game after a year of my wishlist. They have also updated the game recently and gave people the ability to host their own servers.This is a very unique open world apocalyptic survival game. The antagonists are called Nether. The Earth was hit by an extinction level Solar Flare. Most of the population turned into various forms of Nether.There are many elements in this game that are in most survival games. You can loot, craft weapons, upgrade character stats as you level up, you have to monitor your food/hydration and health levels, trade, buy & sell items as well as join Tribes (or clans) to gain extra money and experience.There are side missions like Escort packages to safe zone traders, loot drops, Securing Safe Zones from Nether, Trade Packages between traders for money & experience, collect Nether body parts to trade for items & weapons, Tribe Land Grab missions. There is A LOT of PVP, KOS on this game. If you want to PVP, there are plenty of servers to join. If you want to play a little more casually and/or want to play with others without fear of being KOS, you can seek out a PVE server, although there aren't many.Overall it looks very nice graphically, it isn't too demanding on the GPU so it runs smooth yet still looks amazing, has a very well done eerie end of the world feel with very unique antagonists."
,Recommended,247730,20452307,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Fuccin' Faget,"Game with a metric ton of potencial, being ruined by ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ players and hackers.Cons- The carrying system is seriously and ridiculously bugged.- Cosmetic items are super expensive, plus they'll attract people to kill you.- Servers being shut down everyday- Didn't see many advantages of having a tribe, controlling zones as far as i noticed contributes to nothing. Just make a group- Sometimes there's a Nether so you kill it, other times there's like 15 from all types who just zerg rush you. I don't know if this is supposed to happen.- The game isn't fast-paced unless your server is full of cancer players with big guns waiting for newbies at the exit of the safezone.- Invisible paths, no clip props and walls- Suddent crashes, usually when you drop and pickup stuff- I can't turn on the flashlight, cosmetic items aren't working for some reason, but for my friend it works, what?Pros:- I like the guns- Can be a bit scared when it's dark and you don't know if there's a big Nether close to you or somebody hunting you-- Crafting system is interesting, but needs to be improved- Not much loot in the world, this is a survival game so it's cool- The map is really sufficiently big if you consider the city + the wasteland part- If the developers improve the game, this can be a very good gamePlay on Single Player or PvE, if you're on PvP make sure you have at least 3 trustfull players with you or you'll end up being shot because reasons and treasons."
,Not Recommended,247730,20865956,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Shaq,Bad game
,Recommended,247730,19082898,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Pea$e',I like this game.
,Recommended,247730,20112014,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,omarAtti|csgoblocks.compvpro.com,Awesome game ^^'
,Recommended,247730,20425191,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Solid Snake,I bought this game years ago when it first came out. it wasnt long before hackers where ruining the game. the game needs anticheat. since the original devs came back the game has improved but i still find hackers ever 20-30 mins of gameplay. they just spawn in horses out of no where and kill your character. the game looks great and if you can get it on sale it is a good buy. its fallout meets stalker  it is a great game and is really fun to play. im sure the game will get better over the next few months. check it out.
76561198056266757,Recommended,247730,19152361,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Splaze,"This game was good.Then this game sucked.After that, the hackers were out of control and the game was vacated by the community.But then something magic happened...This Game has been reacquired by one of the developers who created it.Now..It is one of the best games I own.Highly Recommended.Fun gameplay and smart development."
76561198014520372,Recommended,247730,19302879,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Joseph Stalin,Love how the old devs are back in and I hope this game gets better :D
76561198061489874,Not Recommended,247730,20458687,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,XPERERIOR,A game with a great potential left and ruined... Don't buy this game you will lose your money...
,Not Recommended,247730,20890576,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Great England,"Complete Fraud of a game. Game developers claim it was early access, then trash it and launch a ""Resurrected"" version which you have to buy separately."
,Recommended,247730,20461507,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Massmurderer77,why dont they bring that mode they had where we would fight one another and earn stuff for our characters if we came in first or second place?
,Not Recommended,247730,20435687,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,LouciousDa,"This game, not only has it lied to me about the amount of material and things to do it has thoroughly destroyed my opinion of a post-appocalyptic future. :("
76561198063994870,Not Recommended,247730,16279934,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,TheRealDirtyDan,this game runs like complete♥♥♥♥♥♥even at low graphics. nothing new is ever added and it never gets updated. dont buy it. I have a high end laptop with specs that exceed the max requirements and it runs at 10 fps.
,Not Recommended,247730,23515261,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,The Lawyer,"I was super hype for this game when is first came out I sunk 11 hours into it in like 3 days, the PVP was good the combat was fine, the PVE was fine. Now I can't even run the game  I am unable to even reset my password (or whatever it is) and its because this game was abandoned by God itself. Highly Recommend you do not buy this game there is nothing there to help the player, the whole game is a cash generator, no more, no less."
76561198061318256,Not Recommended,247730,28111573,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Meister Robotsu,"Actually the worst game I have ever played. I would much rather scour my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with a steel wool cloth than play any more than the like 50 minutes I have on it.Here's a sum up of my experiencePlayed the game for 5 minutes last year at some point ""Wow, this is the worst frame rate i've ever seen"" I thought to myself, then turned it off because it was close to unplayable.Few months later I re checked the reviews and was like ""oh reviews are fairly decent these days""So gave it the benefit of the doubt, done a few quests and finally got a gun ""Success!"" I thought""oh look a monster!"" Killed it, Oh well finger my bum and call me Gary Glitter because somehow I died after killing it.""♥♥♥♥ this game""So half an hour ago my friend and I go back to it just to rag on how awful awful awwwwwwwwwful this game is.AND YOU KNOW WHAT????It's worse, servers are dead with about 2 weirdos still playing, framerate is still dogshit, spawned in the (not-so) safezone and kept dying because monsters spawned left right and centre, tried to repair the towers to make it safe again and just as we got to the last one the timer reset so we had to wait an hour before the safe zone was safe again?!?!?!? WHAT IS THIS GAME?????oh, also you can't complete essential quests if the safe zone is compromised.Sincerely hope the devs get beasted. x"
,Recommended,247730,9099719,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,mine is broken,"If you're looking for good survival horror, I'd very strongly suggest Nether. A *LOT* more polished than other horror/survival games that are still in early builds, and the urban wasteland setting is far more exciting to me than open fields and farmland. Absolutely worth $20 even in it's (VERY polished) beta stage."
76561198066395371,Recommended,247730,16337901,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Chocolate_Milk!,"===Nether Review=====Pros==. The game really brings out a survival asepct.... Teaming up with friends is worthwhile!. Stealthy gameplay is Very important.==cons==. As of the moment hackers are really pesky,. Global storage (the bank) is limited, and can't hold very much.== In depth ==Okay, the game is really fun and I'd give it a 8/10, and once it get's rid of hackers, the game would easily be a 10/10.The pros, the game really feels like a survival type of game, as you run around looking for food, and weapons. In most games, you find an insane amount of things, in Nether, you must search because many things are gone. As it would be in an survival world. Teaming up with friends, this is VERY important, because if you get into a fight with a large number of nether, you most likely will die, unless you have friends to back you up. This is also important for pvp, if someone has a sniper you can distract and your team-mate, can look for the shooter while you distract.For the cons... Hackers, they are by far the most annoying thing in the game, I'll explain with my own experience, I used a golden key(you have to pay real cash for) to unlock a rare chest, and got some great guns and ammo. Of course, I was like okay time to head the global storage, and when someone just flew past me and I dropped dead. Once hackers are taken care of, the game will be perfect.==Summary==The game is overall great, without hackers perfect. I think this game is worth checking out for all, you can sneakily go around the world of Nether, trying to avoid giant/flying/fast/spitting nethers. To all that play this game , enjoy the feel of survival.."
76561198089257128,Not Recommended,247730,12729084,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Lakki35,"game wont open :,("
,Not Recommended,247730,33795593,Posted: 25 July,all,CrimsonAnchors,Game was unplayable when i bought during a promotion ... and its still unplayable trash today. Games been abandoned by the devs. DO NOT BUY and do not support any developer that puts out early access pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥that never get finished. The only game that has been able to shake off the plague of early access is Rust.
,Not Recommended,247730,10358345,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,imothep85,"impossible to login under windows 7 64bits comon guys this is fu...stupid, why you don't correct that, the only message i get from your game is ""login fail"".........hahaha how fun is this..."
,Recommended,247730,10822319,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,BóbrWölf®,"I can easly say, that this game is really good , i've never played as good game as this one, which is in Early Acess, it does contains ""few"" bugs. especially in server browsing, or sometimes it crashes without reason, but this game is really good, i can say that it's worth even that 14 euros.It's really fun to play especially with friends, it's dynamic it doesn't contain i'd say ""mainstream"" zombies, but freaking monsters , which are teleporting, and are not so easy to kill like in DayZ or familiar games.Game has boss in the game, which is real badass.You can craft items from parts of weapon which you can buy for in-game dollars, or get from crates or monsters.Even parts of monster can be used to get ammo,rifles,food etc."
,Recommended,247730,10744852,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Borky,"Suvived multiple bullets to the chest, but nearly died trying to walk through a foot of water. 11/10."
76561198065240594,Recommended,247730,9267153,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Μελικέρτης,"Nether is a more MMOish DayZ. It is not the game you will play to relax! It is really hardcore, intense and unforgiving. It has great atmosphere, nice graphics, smooth gameplay. It is also open world! If you die, you lose everything: your levels, your equipment. You start all over again, just with a knife. Personaly no other survival game gave me such as strong emotions. Its the best survival multiplayer simulator (or it will be when finished), together with DayZ.So far there 2 things I don't like in the game. First of all, the stage it is now, shouldn't be called Beta. Its for sure Alpha, because only a very small part of the map is open. Furthermore, I would love this game to be more balanced. I think the change not to lose all your levels when you die, will help to that direction. As Nether is now, you have no chance against an opponent with higher level than you.With same additions and some changes, this game can be a real diamond!9/10"
,Recommended,247730,10770213,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,DicksGuy,"Never buy this game, it is SO ♥♥♥♥ING BROKEN! It is like the Devs went ""Nah ♥♥♥♥ this, we made out money"" and then left it to fester."
76561198044191590,Recommended,247730,10481679,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,popdropstop,"Great game now that most major bugs have been fixed, the introduction of VAC has also seemed to dter hackers."
76561198103516861,Not Recommended,247730,10586597,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Osconomo,IT WONT LET ME MAKE AN ACCOUNT!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,247730,10475516,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Coaxials,"Pretty rad game in my opinion. If you enjoyed the Arma 2: Day Z mod, you should have a pretty good time with this."
76561197971296224,Not Recommended,247730,11283124,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,DoomBot,"If you are a smart player, and want to be good at this game, you will shoot every player you see, even if they are in your tribe.---D0uchebag Simulator---"
,Recommended,247730,13136914,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,PREPARE YOUR DIDDLEE,"I need not go into detail, as everything is described in the game page itself.Nether is a fun game, but an 'ordeal' to play and you really have to dedicate yourself to playing it. It's so simple and bare, yet so frustrating and punishing. I need not say this as a good thing. It just feels a bit of a grind and you get too attached to your precious weapons and you just end up not playing it for fear of losing them.The updates are a bit sketchy, and super frustrating as the Nether Devs all make a big deal about how they're shaping the game around our ideas. This has become worse since the new company took over Phosphor in 2014, and the updates are turning either great, or steaming piles of♥♥♥♥♥♥and Nether don't listen to their 200 people big community about it.THEY'RE NOT.The most input we have put into the game is coming up for the names and icons for the clans, which by itself is extremely unpolished. WOAH. Also you know how if you buy the premium versions of the game you get an extra say in the forums.YOU DON'T.Nether, best way to keep customers is to not ♥♥♥♥ing lie to them on the checkout page.But, on the positive side of things now.Nether has awesome potential and if you have a go at it with some buddies with an open mind, you will bloody enjoy it. It's just fun and the mess-around-who-gives-a♥♥♥♥♥♥about-our-stuff is so fun. The updates, all though sketchy are regular and will continue to be soon enough. The game has great potential and doesn't have a bad depth to it.This is my honest review on Nether, leave a rating so other people can know the TRUTH of Nether and determine for themselves if it is worth the price tag."
,Recommended,247730,13021422,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,[Dr] VirtuouZz-OPN-,"Review Score: -7.75/10- As of Nov. 21, 2014. 'Fun n' quick to play, Replayability is up there, Challenging Modes and More'Summary: This game is a diamond in the rough. To rebuttle all the negative reviews on the game - This is not a Zombie game, where the enemies are super slow and predictable in movement. This game is absolutely not easy to pick up and play when it comes to combat. Imagine if you were in real life, and some how the world got infected, and zombies can teleport.. Would you go guns blazing against these teleporting enemies who are based completely on sound? No.Once you understand the Paragraph above, you'll basically know how to play this game properly.I'd like to include an additional semi-paragraph; I watch people who play this game, go guns blazing, or decide to punch a Nether in the face (Teleporting zombie) At level 1, and die a needless and helpless death while I watch from afar and walk over and take all their stuff. What I'm saying is this, most of these players are expecting a really stealthy game; Where the bar has been set by - Infestation (The game), DayZ, or something else of the sort. This is not the same game. And when players like this tend to die, they rage and complain all over world chat; Without further ado let's get to the scoreboard.Pros:- Crafting system is extremely rewarding IMO.- True to the idea ""Bosses are impossible""- Game is amazingly addicting - Easy to forget time.- Backpacks are more realistic than many other games.- Game is extremely challenging; From players to NPCs.- Territory take-overs provide bonuses- tribe/clan control.- Safezones are not safe, they can be invaded.- Forced to stock supplies for new lifes after death.- Dying does not remove your global stash.- Guns are realistic enough where if you held your gun down, prepare to miss everything and everyone. Guns are all unique and powerful in their own aspects. However...Cons:- If you die, you lose EVERYTHING (Except account level).- There is a low variety of guns unfortunately.- The crafting system doesn't have any true ""Entry level""- Crafting system lacks variety as well.- Crafting system should have split categories (more UI friendly)- Voice chat/conversations are extremely laggy.- Game sometimes lag spikes to doom, but luckily nethers are mostly sound based, so if you start lagging, just lay down/prone. However, in heavily populated servers, you can die for this aspect.- Has an Arena mode, which is absolutely fun, it's like a Deathmatch of Survival. Regardless of all the Reviews on the Arena being junk, I think it's cool - And it provides items to your Real account if you do well/top 3 categories, or final survivor).Ending Conclusion; The game is amazingly unique, and good to play. Not a favorite, but my most fave'd game for category in True Survivor games, with First Person(Shooter or melee). While, I have to say, it's not impossible to melee Nethers of all kinds... It's just a lot more difficult and requires some experience before doing - Especially before doing at level 1 with only a kitchen knife.To add - This game has decent amount of replayability, from getting ATVs off a territory, to scavanging for high gears, such as a completely silent and long range semi-automatic sniper rifle. To finding the best backpacks, to attaining more gear for future life(Living after a death). To trying to attain territory, etc. However, I can see because of the current content, that you can end up feeling like a grind - And replayability is not Virtually Unlimited.The game has a low variety of gears, and the game has a low variety of End-Game content; But because of death, you might repeat it all over again, thus recycling, but can feel as a bore. If the game reduced the amount of death penalty, included new gaming content; Perhaps dungeons/raids, or the production of houses/creation of Guild/Tribe Castles, or something of the sort, the game would become a lot more wanted.-V."
,Not Recommended,247730,23240795,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,DarkEradicater,To late to get my 5 dollars back :'(
76561198065687575,Not Recommended,247730,26726938,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,✪Show me your tits,expensive and buggy af
76561198072704890,Recommended,247730,15789729,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,( . Y . ),"great game, not the best quality, a little buggy but its the idea that counts because if there are more games down the road with the same concept then those games will be golden, i see this game as an investment for the perfect game later on"
,Not Recommended,247730,31829055,Posted: 18 May,all,Shane,... got me good with this one.
76561198061915018,Not Recommended,247730,11063165,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Niggledafiggle,"Status: Spawned.Items: ♥♥♥♥♥♥ knife.Summary: Ran to bridge, crouched behind pillar, shot and killed.Status: Spawned.Items: ♥♥♥♥♥♥ knife.Summary: Crouched and didn't run anywhere, picked up food, shot and killed.Status: Spawned.Items: ♥♥♥♥♥♥ knife.Summary: Nether no longer in safe zone, step out of said zone, shot and killed.Status: Spawned.Items: ♥♥♥♥♥♥ knife.Summary: Ran to body, shot and killed.Status: Spawned.Items: ♥♥♥♥♥♥ knife.Summary: Ran to safe zone, shot and killed.CONCLUSION: Shot and killed.Where the ♥♥♥♥ were the nether??"
,Not Recommended,247730,14312910,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,PikeyS999,People sniping on rooftop Simulator.Baaaaaad melee combat and crap combat in general...
,Not Recommended,247730,14331574,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,So Spectral,"This game... I guess it's hard to sufficiently describe the frustation it causes with words.First off, the launcher is a nightmare in all aspects; It's slow, unreliable, unstable, and all around a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to use. This can be further extended to the website, as it resembles nothing more than a basement-projectesque go at a functional game support/forum website. I have seen mods with more properly designed and intuitive websites. It doesn't even authenticate properly in most web browsers I've tried.Moving on to the game itself, there isn't much to say that hasn't been said. It had a ton of potential, but ultimately fell short due to poor decisions on the creators part.Upon first stepping in to the game, the graphics are meh. Not great, not bad, just meh. Which isn't a bad thing as it's an open world (kinda) game so realistically some cuts have to be made somewhere for performance to not suffer. However, this should come with the assurance of proper graphical functionality without eye-catching tearing and artifacting even at the highest settings.As far as actual mechanics go, it isn't terrible. The UI is a tad clunky, but it gets the job done. That is, when the game itself isn't creashing or hanging every 20-30 minutes.All in all, if you can manage to get past the launcher, and the server selection, and loading in, and the repetative crashing, and the overall underwhelming delivery on a great concept; then perhaps this game is for you."
76561198057220699,Recommended,247730,9440558,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,天狗waLkinG,"I haven't played this game that much, but from what i've seen so far, i'm very impressed.I watched a couple of gameplay footage 1 or 2 months ago and i wasn't a fan of the game at all but i came across another series (little plug: pyschadelicsnake's intense nether diaries) and that series made me buy this game.Now about the game: The atmosphere is awesome. Especially if you spawn on the map at night and you go into the subway. Everything is dark so that you can barely see, the music is aggrieving, you hear nether screaming from above you and maybe gunshots from other people defending themselves against other nether.I like the scavenging in this game, you can enter pretty much every building in this game and the fact that loot is... at least most of the time relatively common. At least in terms of food and melee weapons.The little side-quests in this game are fun. You basically go to a safe zone, you pick up a package that you have to bring to another safe zone. If you do that, you get money and lots of xp. That's a pretty cool feature, because that way you actually have a goal than just ""surviving.""The only negative point i have is the pvp system. I mean yeah, it's a survival game, but as soon as you find other people outside of the safe zones, 90% of the time these players have either a pistol or a rifle and 99% of the time they are hostile and shoot on sight. As i said, i understand it, because it's a survival game, but it's massively pvp based and pretty much everyone is hostile. I think i have encountered about 7 players outside of the safe zones and every single one of them shot on sight.All in all i enjoy this game. The atmosphere is awesome. Fighting nether (especially with pistols) is a lot of fun as well as scavenging the area for food, weapons or ammo. I would definitely recommend this game.But as i said: Be aware that the game is heavily pvp."
76561197970674455,Not Recommended,247730,10726339,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Richard,"Do not buy this game.The game is plagued with so many flaws and inconsistencies. You clip through basically any object (tables, chairs, boxes, rubble). The running animation is faster than the actual movement which is always off putting in any game. If you hit walls or floors there are no decals. The shadows are choppy and very low def. The looting is so clunky, something akin to a budget v1.0 of gmod. The UI is very basic and not the most intuitive and the skill tree leaves something to be desired. And the combat is too rigid, slow and not really fun at all. It's like a combination of dead island and fallout with none of the gratification of killing enemies. I paid 3 dollars for this game and I felt two things. 1. Ripped off and wanting my money back 2. Sorry for those who paid full price for this ""game"". It's nowhere close to a finished game and Day Z on Arma 2 was more polished and more entertaining game than this. So I repeat.Do not buy this game."
,Recommended,247730,26754326,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Broadster ♥,A very good survival horror that's quite cheap and offers a lot of gameplay. Fun to play and explore with friends. Can be quite scary :D especially at night!
76561198265036138,Not Recommended,247730,26298970,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,MOAI | BoneHive,not the best game there is
,Recommended,247730,10960295,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,CherryB♡mb ♪,"Despite being slightly buggy, this game is extremely fun. Would totes recommend :D"
,Not Recommended,247730,10949975,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,NAN3,"Read to the end:The theme of the game is the mostly appealing thing of it.The atmosphere is completely inmersive. Personally it might be the best post apocalyptic atmosphere of any survival game i´ve experienced. It makes you feel a heavy tension all the time as even the safe zones may become hostile and get overflown by nether (the game AI main enemies).You die and you lose everything in your inventory and you character level.The only thongs that remain are cosmetics and ingame cash which can be used to make your death and new playthrough not so frustrating.NO ONE IS FRIENDLY!you are alone in the world of Nether unless you play with your friends and gang upon the nether and other players.There´s a good amount of item variety that will always make you want to continue looting even after being completely geared up.However, the most annoying part of the game is its current development state.actual glitches a bugs make the inmersion get completely lost and frustrate the player:- invisible walls- laggy vehicles- dancing golems- flashlights don´t workand the worst of all...- THE GODDDAMN SEVER LIST!it takes around of 5 minutes for the server list to load up completely. Before that, the game is frozen up and if you try to alt+tab or click or do anything forget about playing unless you restart the game and with another 5 minutes.The game WILL be great and i have faith in it.In its current state I don´t recommend it but give it a couple of months and things might change for the best."
76561198089194866,Not Recommended,247730,14519661,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Courier Six,"Nether is (obviously) a post-apocalyptic survival type FPS, with strong PvP elements. Every game obviously has its flaws, but Nether's flaws have never been fixed since release. Hitboxes are horrible on both players and AI, the game is generally objectiveless after the introduction, loot doesnt respawn for extended periods of time, developers (who didn't create the game) are constantly nerfing everyone's inventory and everything to balance out the game, hackers infrequently own the servers, and many other trivial problems. This is not the game I greenlit, or the game I payed for, and that is why there are so many people who do not like the game. I admit, the game is not what it used to be, and for that I cannot return to it."
76561198074860783,Recommended,247730,9774034,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Destroyer,Killed a geared guy with a butter knife. 10/10
,Not Recommended,247730,21635645,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Zailix,"I would personally steer clear from this game at the moment. Game feels unfinished and bland. Buildings almost never have any resorces in them not to mention the fact you can pretty much walk through unrealistic solid's i.e ( fences,gates,bricks and even some cars and walls )like i said, I would steer clear from this game."
76561198154231259,Recommended,247730,20021701,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ClickZap the Freedom snek,Damn.. play this at night its more spooky
,Not Recommended,247730,25570616,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Saltie,Single most bad game ever
,Not Recommended,247730,32213805,Posted: 5 June,all,FISTER,"Such a waste of money. I bought this game hoping for something to be devolped, but nothing happened. they just stole everyones money then stopped updating."
76561198075136711,Not Recommended,247730,15409682,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,The Gentleman,It WAS good...
,Recommended,247730,11079214,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,s1mple,"Very good game for playing with friends etc.. So i like this game, Beacuse you can craft whatever you want pump action shotgun, silenced shotgun, auto silenced shotgun, m4 like that uuh i think you have to buy this game if you want some hardcore survival"
,Not Recommended,247730,12011820,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,S H I N I G A M I   W U L F,♥♥♥♥ this game!!!
,Not Recommended,247730,10647720,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Jackafeler,"The game overall has a promising concept, but the execution of the idea has been extremely poor so far.  The entire game and the servers feel incomplete and unsatisfying.You are required to join a server as soon as the game launches, of course this could be why people buy the game.  Like Rust, I would consider it a MMO, I feel like it did not explain that enough before I bought the game.  I could have overlooked it and I made the mistake of not investigating the game further before my purchase but I do regret signing up without knowing everything about the game and how it functions."
76561198010855258,Not Recommended,247730,10634498,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Is An Orange,SUUUUUCH a waste of money. pay to win... ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pve  and REALLY ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pvp
,Not Recommended,247730,10713062,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Snuggles Please,LOL NOPE.
76561198056579089,Not Recommended,247730,23655448,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Cuddlefisch,"Over 2 years later... account still doesn't work. What little I've been able to play has been on another account and was a painfully unfun experience. Not sure what happened to this game, but I cannot recommend against it enough."
,Not Recommended,247730,10480113,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Smelly 'Ol Dave,"To be honest, This is WORSE than War Z / Infestation Survivor stories.And that says alot.This game has really buggy terrain, a heap of graphical glitches, theres a weird delay with jumping, and really bland stores with no voice acting and just a bunch of randomly placed npcs with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ idle animation.Don't buy this game. It's fun for maybe the first few hours but then you really realise how bland it is, and how flawed it is."
,Not Recommended,247730,10732520,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Cpt CoolVille,Can't even play the game i bought because it will not sync to my steam account.. even though it launches in steam...bought through steam.... i mean comon the simple days of click here to ♥♥♥♥ing play. waste of time...
,Not Recommended,247730,35236581,Posted: 26 September,all,(CPP)Dev Cuck,"games dead, no one plays. it was fun while it lasted."
,Not Recommended,247730,14569771,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Sweets,It was good at start.  A game that turned into a Pay-to-Play then all of the sudden thought itd be awesome to give everyone 2.99 a Sniperrifle and more food then a Humantarian aid drop. It shortly fell to hackers and near broken mechanics. The game lags so much and theres literally no new content then more guns you can buy to kill of noobs just trying to have fun time stay away
,Recommended,247730,11267468,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Jake,Running around a safezone and it collapses. Alright I guess. Freak the ♥♥♥♥ out and go prone under some garbage. Equipped with a magnum. See guy. Shoot him in the head. Get all his gear and laugh as the ♥♥♥♥er rages. Shrieker sees me. ♥♥♥♥man.jpeg Shoot it twice in the head. Out of ammo. Switch to shotgun and go prone. Safezone comes back up. Level up to level 20. Yay. Start hunting people. Jump out a building. Wingsuit doesn't deploy. Die from 1 story fall damage then get kicked from server.10/10
,Recommended,247730,29195329,Posted: 11 January,all,SwanTheNurse,"Here is my honest opinion...(+)Easy to understand game mechanics(+)Eventful side missions(+)Challenging enemies and bosses(+)Huge Map(+) Effective Skill Tree(+)Friendly community honestly(-)LAG LAG LAG LAG more LAG(-)Not New Player Friendly If You Haven't Tried Before(-)A lot of unused area (building bases isn't possible and yet you can climb an entire skyscraper...for no reason...)(-)Enemies haven't change in a while, take that as you will with a grain of sand."
,Recommended,247730,8573802,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,[R]Wolf™,"Nether is a post apocalyptic, survival, action, horror game. While the horror aspect of it is debatable, I found myself getting jumpscared/terrified many times. But then again I am a 17 year old guy who get's scared by horror movies so don't qoute me on it.As of now Nether is a lot of fun, I've been playing the game for around 12 hours and one of the things I like the most is that unlike DayZ the infamous walking simulator, loot is way more accessible meaning that you can find a gun, some cannedgoods and cash within 20 minutes so you actually stand a chance against the evil nation known as other players.And while you can get all of those things in a short time you still won't have a unfair chance towards other players unless they are hardcore, where you will know that because they will most likely be wearing military uniforms.But players aren't the only evil lurking in this post apocalyptic image of Chicago, there are also Nether. Nether's are mutated people which feast on you and other players and dear god they are terrifying at night time. There are many different Nether's and all equally scary, it rages from small crawlers to golem's which are basically a bit slower L4D tank and about same size, and they can all teleport. So the game almost forces you to scavenge gun's and ammunition before taking on the larger Nether's.There are also a hunger factor in the game and you need to get stock of food by either collecting it in various stores or warehouses,  or buying it with in-game money. In the in-game store you can buy anything from melee weapons to armor(only cosmetic). There are however microtransactions in the game but they can only be used to purchase cosmetic stuff like outfits, helmets, armor and flashlights.The size of the map is quite large but not as big as the DayZ map. However you never feel like you are trapped.Now a big + for the game is the fact almost every building can be walked into, and that is very good for the immersive point of view.But with it being a Early Access Game there are bugs, but so far for me the worst thing have been that sometimes you can walk through a table or get temporarily stuck on props. While there are fps problems for some people I have not had any so far and the game runs on a smooth 45-70fps for me. However the severity of bugs obviosuly vary from pc to pc but for me it have been nothing serious.Now the statistics:Melee wapons:-Kitchen Knife(You spawn with one)-Baseball Bat-Crowbar-East Sword-GRIMM Reaper(Hatchet)-Battle Axe(viking style)-Machete-Bolo Sword-KatanaRanged/Primary Weapons:-Lopes 45-S(UMP for many people)-MACH-9(MP5)-Mag DR-15-RAB-47-KB-12(Spas 12)-Cru Z3R-14-TFC SpecialSidearms:-Smith and Risley-HAZ-3(Uzi)-Warren .50(Desert Eagle)All items have weight and you have a total carry weight of 50lbs."
,Recommended,247730,10716390,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,MrWapk on YouTube,"You need to buy this game right now! If this game is on sale, you need to buy it!!!I have played the game for eight hours so far, and it is a work in progress, but it is amazing!!All of the negative reviews are from before the game was updated, the game is much better now.There are still some bugs, but the developers are working on fixing them!This game has missions, crafting, factions, territory wars, levels, groups, skills, mutants, and boss mutants!!"
76561198103215581,Not Recommended,247730,15211825,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Con-Kain,nether can be allot of fun but god help u if u for get ur log in info
76561198109966430,Recommended,247730,13368361,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,rayman563,please help i cant sign in anyone plz help evry time when i sign in it says launching game and it is taking forever plz help i am having trouble
,Recommended,247730,13374026,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Kasuwa hiroshiga,"This game is amazing, if you haven't played any survival games this isn't the one to start with. This is a more intense experience than dayz with different, unique features for example, a safezone. People don't like this game because they haven't put enough time to fully understand the game. The game is an amazing game, people may not like it for the reason that they don't understand what a apocalyptic survival game is. They'll say it's too hard or I don't want to die, that's the whole point of a survival game. Yes the game is buggy, contains a lot of glitches, a lot of hackers, lazy devs and not enough patches. But this is only because no one supports the game aside from the, 50 people that play this game daily. If the devs just updated this game more frequently, add back the numerous amount of servers and fix the glitches, this game would be amazing. I love this game, the glitches aren't enough to keep me away from this game and I don't mind the hackers as there aren't a whole lot. You can avoid the hackers by simply changing servers. I personally love the game and many of you may not agree with me, but hear me out. If you're going to buy the game you need to at least invest 25hours - 35hours to understand and enjoy the game. If you dont have that little dedication then don't buy the game."
,Not Recommended,247730,9113575,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Ðel,the concept is there but it probably needs some time
,Not Recommended,247730,16846842,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Chimz,"This game is crap. There's actually no purpose for you in this game. It's hard as f**k and worthless. You can reach lvl max and get awesome guns and lose it all by dying once. Items are hard to find. It takes an eternity to do a quest. Like bringing a heavy pakage to a station 5 kilometers away on foot while fighting unrealistic creatures with unreasonable teleportation abilities. Seriously, mutated humans who look nothing like humans and can teleport?! Worst of all, you can't chat or speak in game so you can't tell s**t to others. This game is junk!DON'T buy this game. It's a waste of money!"
76561198011301923,Recommended,247730,8188261,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Commonwealth Bank,Surprisingly good.
76561198071832134,Recommended,247730,8257598,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,clunt baby,"At first this game wouldnt even launch for me and I. WAS. MAD. But now that the new patch came out and I can actually play it, its super fun! And its not cluncky and cheap like warZ (the game) was, it runs VERY smooth (if you have a good graphics card) and it has had alot of detail put into it, when I get in game my heart starts beating and I get nervous that a nether or player will kill me. It really puts you in the game. And last but not least, it has levels. You can level up different skills such as stamina, gun combat, melee combat, etc. It also has miscs in it, its like a zombie version of Skyrim. All in all, from what I gathered it is a great game, it may still have a few bugs in it here and there but hey, its still in beta. I highly recommend purchasing this game if you are in to the apocolyptic/horror area in games."
76561198126625877,Recommended,247730,9609505,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,jared,No comment. Great game.
,Not Recommended,247730,11425906,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Envro,Wasn't that great. But the whole idea was good.Rating: 5/10
,Not Recommended,247730,12855808,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Flavour Flavius,"I'd like to write a real review for this game, but i only was able to play it for about 15, very glitchy minutes.  The next time I joined a server, I spawned and couldn't move, which is all the game does now.  I've seen that fixes can be done by editing registires and♥♥♥♥♥♥ but reall?  ♥♥♥♥ that.  i paid for a game, not a lesson in patching someone else's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ code."
,Recommended,247730,26553277,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,expunge128,"This game was amazing back when it first came out. Before all the hackers and when people figured out how to break the game, but it just stopped there, the devs just stopped!It was really something special, the gun-play was great, yet the interface and controls needed to be redone.When roaming the land with a squad or lone wolf, being attacked by a pack of nether was fun and scary! But what was really exhilarating were the encounters with other humans! It was either fight or flight, and if you had the jump on some one you could chose to help them, or kill them and take your loot!If only the in-game communication properly existed and having different classes, with balancing of the nether and creating a bandit game mechanic (too many kills turns you into a target for every one to see).The game could have been just Amazing! But it got brought down by the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ community killing Bambi’s so they would never comeback to the game and the devs completely lost motivation to continue, to some extent I don’t blame them. This game did bring out the worst in alot of the player base. There were very few people like me whom actually tried to help people out and get them into the game. R.I.P Nether..."
76561198060895713,Not Recommended,247730,20922371,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,[ITF] Tito,"Don't, just Don't. Trust me. Don't waste your money on this game."
,Not Recommended,247730,10374590,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Hoetaku,"I know it's only beta, but betas are where the content stops being implemented and only tweaking is to be made.It's absolutely dreadful.The initial fear and atmosphere of the game is offset by the poor implementation of almost everything currently in the game.It would also seem that there was little effort put forth into balancing everything.The world feels empty, but not in the way that an apocalypse should.The enemies are a boring, easily killed, nuisance which serve no purpose other than to level yourself up to acquire basic abilities that you should start off with already like blocking and the likes.It seems as though there are a bunch of empty car wrecks scattered all over the streets to make the city feel more claustrophobic and ""full"" in a subtle matter to compensate for the lack of actual content and aesthetically pleasing objects.This game had potential. I thought it would end up being like stalker but it just feels like what WarZ would be if it was a stalker-esque sort of apocalypse style game."
,Not Recommended,247730,9875293,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Maxdoom,"I have very mixed feelings about the game. On one side, its atmosphere is great, on the other side, it's a giant piece of junk.Let's sum this objectively up:My 2 cents about the gameAnother game that jumps upon the high popularDayZ; 7DaysToDie; WarZ; State of Decay or might even Rust-bandwagon with a name that makes me think of Minecraft. My first thoughts when I filtered the informations I had about this game together were rather negative.After quite a long time since the game was available on steam (In the also very currently very popular early-access-model) I wanted to try it out so I bought it to see for myself if this was just another ridiculous excuse for a video game like former WarZ (which is now found under a name like Infestation - Survivor stories, but is still the same old garbage) or actually something decent.Here I want to add that I had some problems even getting the game to run properly. I saw other people complaining about the problem on the forums before, but I just thought that they were too dumb to simply install the game or were simply a bunch of whiny kids who bought the game with a credit card stolen from daddy and tried installing it on the very sames computer. Long story short - If you buy the game over steam, calculate some hours or maybe even a Day into your plan of when you can play the game. The communication between Steam and the Nether devs isn't running in what you would call light speed.The game and its featuresOnce someone of the mods or devs took care about the login problem (tookjustsome hours) I managed to get into the game.Nether features a rather big map, PVP and PVE like you would know it from the other Apocalypse-Zombie-Mutant bandwagon games. The graphics are good when your system can run the game on full specs. This along with the good sound and ambient effects creates a unique atmosphere.BUTEverything is a horrible chaos. Now I know that theunoriginal repost for idiots who can't think of any arguements by themselvescounter arguement for this is always the same sentence, no matter on which game.BUT THE GAME IS STILL EARLY ACCESS/ ALPHA / BETA!!!But the fact that many stuff is still work in progress doesn't even bug me. The city consists of tons of cloned towers or gas stations that all look the same on every level? Doesn't bug me much. The northern wasteland or swamp islands are buggy as hell? Doesn't bug me either, theres tons of good loot out there.But the""skeleton""of the game gives me negative feelings. The important ""base frames"" of the game, the mechanisms and implemented things.Let me be more specific about this.The safezones all look like some impatient and stressed out modder created them as a fan mod for the game Killing Floor. Botchy NPC models placed into some patched up buildings surrounded with walls and with some colourful advertising signs.I enter ""Vlads weaponsmith-store"" and see some careless made up player model with an eyepatch on which I can open up some even more uncompassionate created trading dialoge."" 1 PISTOL GRIP + 1 9MM FRAME = 1x9mm PISTOL""No♥♥♥♥♥♥ sherlock. I know games that are more than 10 years old that have better trading dialogs than this one. And making those run smooth and look sizeable isn't more work than implementing ridiuclous weapons in the game.Which is where I'm going to complain about next, the weapons and items.The role model for all the weapons in game is probably Call of Duty and Counter Strike. You find Desert Eagles, Spas 12 Shotguns, silenced UMP 45's or military machineguns with red dot sights basically around every corner. Of course all of them are in perfect condition and some even have funny smileys or colourful camouflage on them.Now call me an Elitist ♥♥♥♥♥♥, but this kinda stuff pisses me off. They tell you some story about the Apocalypse and how Mutants got created when all that♥♥♥♥♥♥doesn't even matter because the game is just an Open World Call of Duty Zombie Mode game? Well, then please write ""Open World Zombie Death Match"" into the games description and don't tell me stories and show me rendered trailers about some Apocalypse and world ending scenario.If this is a problem for you there's also the PVP, players always shoot on sight, even worse than in DayZ where 1 out of 10 players you encounter is at least pretending to be friendly. But thankfully player Encounters can be pretty much avoided if you play cautious.Also, the safe zone mechanisms are not sophisticated. From one second to the next one every player on the server gets a message on his screen that the machines holding out the mutants don't work anymore and now everyone who was standing next to each other selling his stuff to the trader is suddenly able to shoot you. This is just a perfect example of how incompetent the developers are. Is it rocket science to implement a sirene that warns players to give them a minute to flee out of the safe zone instead of simply pressing the ""enable-frag-fest-button""? To a mongoloid with down syndrome it may be. But then I think you guys should be working in a sheltered workshop and not trying to sell video games.The gameplay and controls itselfWell, if it wasn't for the atmosphere the game plays pretty much like a bad First Person shooter. The FOV is pretty narrow to increase tension and make you regret every second that you don't turn around and check your surroundings.Like in every First Person Shooter you can shoot with the left mouse and the right mouse. You can't remove or change weapon attachements (which I find out of place in video games anyways, weapon attachments are something you use in shooting sports or what experienced high ranking members of elite military units use) so you are stuck with your silencers or reddot signs on your weapons.YAY WEAPON ATTACHEMENTS, CALL OF DUTY 4 MADE IT POPULAR!Other controls are just horrible, if you want to throw a grenade you need to press a quickslot button (by standard numbers 4-7 if my mind kept it right) and wait some seconds until they're ""activated"". No animation of you character pulling the grenade out of his pants or anything, just a grenade spawning into the middle of the screen. In case of you being im combat you mostly die before you can throw any frag/flash or smoke grenades because it takes so long to throw them.The same mechanism works for looting items, you keep spamming the ""E"" key until it randomly works, then you have to wait until the circle turns blue or white or whatever, and then loot appears in front of you. Like every other major mechanism in this game, created carelessly and feeling gauche.My personal conclusionAnother bandwagon game. Personally I find it better than Rust or WarZ, but probably just because my subconscious mind tells me that the Nether devs are just incompetent and overchallenged with all the things to do as well as inexperienced with creating games instead of just trying to scam money into a project created to please their own community like Rust or simply quickly creating some skins for a pre-existing game, adding some unfinished animations and then trying to sell it with lots of PR and lies in advertisement like WarZ. But that's still not good enough. Missed by a country mile. Has or Had potential, but I don't think that the devs are gonna turn it into something decent.If they proceed with this game like they are doing right now, the target audience will completely turn into a bunch of immature childs that look for a Call-of-Duty Zombie clone (hence the name Nether to attract kids from Mincraft?) andsome bored opportunistic wretched failures that group together to get a raise out of killing disadvantaged players. (Probably more of the first and less of the latter since those are attracted rather to DayZ)5.5/10"
76561198066314490,Recommended,247730,11081146,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,"Hands,,l,,(o_O),,l,,Up!",Nether is a nice multiplayer survival game!
76561197970328418,Recommended,247730,10906562,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Gordini,"Nether provides a very atmospheric experience even in it's unfinished form.The name of the game is kill or be killed, whether that is from the various creatures scattered about the world or from the other players you share the environment with.Nether players will quickly become your main concern when you are not within one of the safe zones located around the world. Nether players for the most part will shoot first and ask questions later so having your wits about you is key to survival.The game world is a decent size and allows for up to 64 players connected to any given server at a time. The servers are plentiful and located by region so you can pick a server that is closest to you.There are many areas of the map greyed out at the moment presumably to be added in a a later date.You level up your character by carrying out courier missions, scavenging for  items, crafting and killing monsters. Perks are gained to add to your character as your level increases, and passive perks are gained as your account level increases. The former are lost on death and need to be reacquired so dying is not without consequence.Equipment can be quite hard to come by but for those who wish to fast track to cosmetic glory you can pay real world cash to buy the items you want in game. But for those who enjoy getting things through game play there is nothing you can get by paying you can't get through play. These cosmetic items are found in golden loot containers and opened with keys you can buy with in game currency, and provided you are wearing them or have them in your global inventory they will not be lost on death.there are some minor bugs still to be ironed out, including floating terrain features and some glitchy parts of the map that you can get stuck on or even fall through. Water also appears to be very glitchy as well but i feel sure these issues will be addressed in upcoming patches.For the price of a ticket to the pictures you get a very absorbing game, I've had over 20 hours so far and still feel like playing some more.Recommend."
,Not Recommended,247730,11065461,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Demien,"Oh my god... so bad game... you don't know where to go, players animation are really bad, packages mission are boring and a lot of other stuff. Seems like this is another alpha-founded-game released before the time. ♥♥♥♥ you dev, don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,247730,15133957,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Tricky,It was so much better in early stages...
,Not Recommended,247730,8367300,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Mierda,"28 Dec, 2013i should've thrown that money from window..7 June, 2014i tried to give this game a second chance, and i am still pretty sure buying this game will be a huge mistake, if you are a 12 year old kid who likes to get ripped off , buy this game its the third generation of WARZ series.i see some morons writing 'oh the potential, better then dayz, its not warz 2.0' and a truckload of crap like this in the reviews, well i hope that people choke on their♥♥♥♥♥♥and die miserably.its a trap, seriously it is not a game, it is a scam.i am ashamed of myself for making this kinda mistake.selling this kind of monstrous things on steam should be outlawed and the developers of this game should get whats coming to them, i am serious.after this 'thing', i became paranoid when buying something from steam, and 2 of 3 times i didnt purchased what i was gonna buy because this 'thing' was a majorly traumatic exprience for me and there was a minor chance the devs of this game change their company name 'again' (like they did after warz and created this hidious thing), then once more they try to steal my kidney.and the biggest joke of all, they pulled the game from 'early access' so i thought 'maybe they fixed the whole game' , well, i was so wrong i just deleted it again after 1 hours.it is still buggy and glitchy like it was released, not a one step better, it maybe worse than the first release.what i thought is they pulled it from alpha so they can speed up the proccess and then they can say 'hey look its finished whooaaa guys cmon buy it so we can own your♥♥♥♥♥too', then they will vanish once more with crap load of money.i mean i cant even write a single decent line about this♥♥♥♥♥♥ i cant write this ♥♥♥♥♥ pros and cons etc, i cant even say 'its a game' , it is disgusting.still thinking the exact thing, if i didnt buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥and threw 11 bucks out from my living rooms window, i would've felt much, much more better.i dont flame like this usually, but these people deserve no better then this.10 July 2015I really wanna go medieval on first dev's of this game, somehow they made themselves my enemies, ♥♥♥♥ this game i will tell stories to my grandkids about this piece of crap 50 years later.just ♥♥♥♥ it.31 January 2016the people upvoting this cancer of the earth are the viruses who are killing gaming industry and must be cleansed from this planet via fire.2 August 2017Never forgive never forget"
,Recommended,247730,19536790,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,B U C C,Guess who's back?Back again?Nether's BackTell a friendGuess who's back?Guess who's back?Guess who's back?Guess who's back?Guess who's back?Guess who's back?Guess who's back?They created a monster cause nobody wants to play Nether no more it's chopped liverwell if we are to resurrect Nether this is what I'll give yaRemove micro-transactions mixed with some singleplayer
,Recommended,247730,18945157,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Smedrek,Game is being worked on finally. Original devs are back and kicked out all the baddie devs.PRAISE THE LORD
,Not Recommended,247730,19540249,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,DancinPartyBoy,At the moment the game is really glitchy. I have troubles picking things up and even running the game smootly and im well above the minmum reqirements. Great idea for a game but needs work and content.
76561198124576911,Not Recommended,247730,20722240,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,yZak,I use to love this game! when i first got it i was so happy with everything about it (this was about a year ago!) but i dont see any improvement in the game so far...Still laggyand cluncky when you movethe loot system is slowthis game has alot of protental :( but the game isnt improving in anyway
,Recommended,247730,14065058,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,SgVladimir Gaming,"Let's start off by saying not all survival games are for everyone and survival games are not for everyone.If you are a survival game fanatic and you like fast paced PVE and of course PVP than this game is for you.This game resembles the following games the most: STALKER, The Division (not released yet), a bit of Metro and some crumbs of Infestation and Rust.This is one of those games that brings a fresh view upon the open world survival mmo type of games. I say this because the game includes:-Missions: Courier missions, Special Escort Package missions, Fallen Safezone missions and more-Crafting: You can craft makeshift weapons and military grade weapons from parts and household items scattered across the map-Character customization: Although you pretty much need to pay micropayments for most of these, it's really worth it. The prices are really low and you really feel like you are getting value for your money. For example I charged my account with 165 Gold Coins (for 6.99) and bought a hell lot of skins and taunts, also Golden Keys for Golden Crates and I'm happy as a clam.-Exciting PVE and immversive environment: Let's start off by saying: OMG the graphics and the environment guys! :O One of the best looking Survival MMO's out there alongside DayZ. The engine is epic, the optimization is well done. Constant 60 FPS on Ultra for me and even for older PC's of my friends have 60 FPS on Medium and/or LOW and the game still looks stunning.You constantly s**t your pants in the metros and in tight corners in the street when you hear the screams of the monsters, especially when it's a PVP situation as well. You have to be extra careful.I could go on and on for hours straight talking about what I like in this game, but to sum up: It's alot of fun with 2 friends beside you.Well done Phosphore Games!But please do hear the community out! Bring more servers, do some updates and add new features as the community would like to see this game grow in 2015 and still wants to play it in 2016.SgVladimir out"
76561198080830349,Recommended,247730,10588409,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Boris Johnson,This game is amazing 9/10
76561197961632712,Not Recommended,247730,23480205,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Omione,"HOW THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THIS ""RESURRECTED"" WHEN YOU ♥♥♥♥EN HAVENT DONE♥♥♥♥♥♥WITH THE GAME.....WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ ARE YOU GUYS WORKING ON .... ITS A ♥♥♥♥EN DEAD GAME AND YOU GUYS ARE NOT DOING♥♥♥♥♥♥TO FIX NOR TO ADD MORE CONTENT TO THE GAME SO STOP TRYING TO MAKE A QUIKE BUCK"
,Not Recommended,247730,13318846,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Taz,"Probably the biggest waste of money I've done for a long time...When I first saw this game I was excited. A game similar to DayZ, (survival) where u can meet, be-friend or kill other player’s Great fun! That was until I played this for my own. You start off with a tutorial and hard to use/understand controls, which after 2 minutes the tutorial broke for me, so I didn’t know what to do in the game and survive the 'Nether' world. I then went exploring to find some loot to keep me alive, I found 1 bag of chips, and that was all in about another 40 minutes of gameplay.10 minutes later I found my first enemy. And I was actually quite scared!  I was finally having some fun in this game (bought 'Chosen' edition, during Steam winter sale). I then hid in a broken ambulance, glitch through the wall killing the enemy and me.Then I have never played since.Don't buy this game, if you want a survival game, buy DayZ standalone. Hell, Far Cry 3/4 is a better survival game than this!1/10 - Had fun for 2 minutes - Just remove this from Steam Valve"
76561198065109143,Not Recommended,247730,10287120,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Weaboo Kyuubi,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awful. Doesn't live up to the expectations. Poorly optimized and runs worse than anything else (Even DayZ is less resource intensive) plus the gameplay and gunplay is awfully boring.2/10 Nice idea poor execution.
,Recommended,247730,19893691,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Jclar371,"Downloads Game:1. Plays on it then walks around2. gets a gun3. finds a golden car, needs keys4. gets keys5. go's to car, unlocks it6 medical supplies, guns, ammo, food drops7 tries to organise backpack to fit pistol into it8 dies by human9 quits.10 rejoins later on pve11 walks around12 walks around13 walks around14 finds nothing15 finds a pistol16 supply drop near by17 walks to it18 kills some nether19 swims to supply drop20 drowns because he got stuck in a glitchy building21 Never plays againThe End"
76561198154439965,Recommended,247730,18829696,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Mr Spanky,A lot of people think this game is bad but I disagree. The reason why I disagree is because I think the game play and graphcis are pretty BA. But what would really make the game more attractive is if it had helicopters and vehicles.Also if you would be able to keep your characters levels after a death. Since so many band-its just want to murder you in the streets and force you to restart your character which adds to much grind to the game play. But over all I would still recommend this game to others since it does have potential.
,Recommended,247730,18896600,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Grimcill,"10/10. Jump scares, apocolypse theme, just a wonderful game. Searching for loot has challenges, but still reletivly easy to find things. Wonderful game."
76561197968733621,Not Recommended,247730,18998478,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Twinkle Toes Tarquin,"Updated 01/04/2016 -They recently released this insult after spewing their lies about resurrect[ing] the game:""11 MARCH	- PHOSPHOR_GAMESHey everyone! We've been seeing a lot of questions about a Nether update.While it's likely not a popular answer, we don't have anything to announce at this time.""Who on earth has a game concept this good and ♥♥♥♥♥ it up this hard.Yeah I know this review doesn't discuss the gameplay mechanics and doesn't explore the nuances of the theme. But if you are at the stage of thinking about buying this game and want those questions answered I have to stop you right now. There is nothing to discuss. It is an unfinished game disguised, poorly, as a finished game. Nuances there are none. Mechanics much broken and messy. Don't buy the game. Save yourself. Well... your money at least.Original review -I bought this when it first came out, and watched as it went down hill.They recently, very recently, ""resurrected"" the game from its state of neglect. And do not be at any illusions over the 'state' of this game, it IS an early beta game fully released as a 'finished' product.Don't buy it. I will update my review if this ""ressurect""ion actually has substance behind it.I am as disappointed as you about how this game has turned out."
,Recommended,247730,19787464,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Holliday,"This game may have a mixed review BUT DONT TURN BACK JUST YET!!! This game has provided somewhat endless fun (and terror) for me. While i may have only played by myself for 22 hours, the game still provides what the description says. I find myself freaking out when im simply running from one safezone to another to calm my nerve because you never know whats up ahead or what you accidentaly walked past. This game would be much better to play with friends where you can join a tribe and war against others but it is still simple fun when you are on your lonesome. I will say this: Combat takes some getting used to!Pros:Works well on computers that can barely run next gen gamesCustom servers owned by playersPartial explanations for pre-shithittingfanCrazy creatures that try to♥♥♥♥♥♥you at any chanceMany weaponsNo more micro transactionsCurrent development after 1 year absenceHalf of the players on a pvp server are NOT kosPure terror when you hear nethers shout their battle crys even when its a simple crawlerMelee is amazing. You feel pure joy after killing your first golem with a melee weapon UNDER 350 dmg------------------Cons:You can sneak past nethers as if they were blind (Press Z and pray) ((I secured a safezone by crawling the entire time as lvl 3 with no sneak skills))Incomplete Explanations to some to most places (Thoughts on body piles would be nice)Hard to aquire gunsNo seperate sound slidersPlease remember that this is from what I experianced in the game at 25.2 hours. If you think dif, Leave your own review and dont bother me lolAlso for those that have played this and the Metro series, do you think crawlers should sound like the hounds from Metro? It would seem so fitting and perfect X3"
,Not Recommended,247730,32518517,Posted: 17 June,all,Rordon Gamsay,"EARLY ACCESS REVIEWI started smoking when i was 18.My parents warned me to stop or i might get sick or worse.... get c a n c er.After 10 years of abusing my body i got c a n c e r.I went to the hospital and luckily i got there just at the right time and after a long 6 month treatment the c a n c e r was gone but all of a sudden i played this game and got type 3 diabetes, cancer, HIV and genetile warts"
,Recommended,247730,20050452,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Ubernoobtuber,"Joined a friendWent exploring with himKilled him with my knifeTook his can gunKilled two people with can gunTook their stuffWent to ""safe zone""Got utterly mutilated by the onslaught of monsters in said safe zone""You have died""Closed gameWrote this reviewabout to go refund and get my dollar backAll in all it was a fun experience that killed about 10 minutes"
76561198044001809,Not Recommended,247730,20598981,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,B. Mash The Warrior,"This game while it is fun (at times) has no save feature as far as I can see. Meaning whatever you do, you'd better not close the game out, otherwise it's back to lv 1 for you"
76561198059460565,Recommended,247730,8054715,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Falling Slyze,"i would recommend this because its one of the best experiences ive had with game. I love the theme, they have managed to make almost every building enterable. its worth the money"
,Not Recommended,247730,20633387,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Burning Rose,"This game shuts down the rest of my computer upon Start-Up. Upon shutting down the game, my computer freezes up for 20 minutes. It USED to like this game, But the Devs have failed to make it feel like it has even been out of early access, I feel like they just slapped ""Resurrected"" on the title and forced it out of early access. They have done nothing to balance the Enemies or The Players. The enemies are still crazy over-powered, and spawning into the game is a complete dice-roll. You MAY die within the first 20 seconds of Spawning, or you may not. It's all random. I once recommended this game. I can't do that anymore."
76561198003183218,Recommended,247730,18913227,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,The Candy Man,Since the original devs picked up this game again I feel obligated to recommend it. They will lead it in the right direction and keep it growing like it was in the past.
,Recommended,247730,18898289,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Hellraisers3,I personaly love this game but i do wish they would bring the PVE servers back.
,Recommended,247730,18902108,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Chotato,"I'm gonna be honest here. Nether is, technically speaking, one of the worst, most unfinished games I've ever played. That aside, it is honestly one of the best times I've ever had playing a video game. I cannot reccomend this game highly enough if you've ever had any sort of fun playing a game like DayZ or Rust and you've ever gotten frustrated and quit playing those games (especially rust, imo the worst of it's genre) Nether is the perfect game for you. It's buggy, things don't work as they should and you'll find giant and tiny toilets, but I've literally never had more fun playing a multiplayer survival game of this genre."
76561198028212667,Recommended,247730,19538855,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Zslayer74,"I'm not usually one to buy games that are in the early access state of things, but having seen another game pull off an amazing ""second chance"", FFXIV:ARR; I'll throw my full support into this game.Especially seeing that the development team is listening, and recreating this game. And doing it well.Time to witness a ressurection."
,Recommended,247730,19810916,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Crimson Sloth,highly recomended
,Recommended,247730,19364143,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Mister Piddles,Devs back! Rock on!
,Not Recommended,247730,20459569,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Deyon,"ok from the 4 hours i've played i've only met 3 people in the world, this game is so empty, dont buy into the positive comments, this game is as dead as any other H1Z1 Copy.Also same problem as any ''survival horror game'' russians killing you for no reason."
,Recommended,247730,13270187,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Soviet | Getting new PC cant pla,"This is a very good game, but there is some minor things i would complain about the monsters/alians glithy abit the items may be over priced but yes very good game i would recommend this game."
76561198131693221,Recommended,247730,19372770,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,The Muffin Man,"A poor mans survival game. Great visuals and difficult gameplay. Exactly what I would like to see in the survival genre. Its not perfect, but for 80% off, its a diamond."
,Not Recommended,247730,28687328,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Flying tofu,its fun for a while its get boring after a while....
,Recommended,247730,12981025,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Ron,"Good game.I there are tribes which are like factions that you can join,There are groups of people you can play with,It has a great community (mostly) but dont expect too much because it is a big pvp game,Theres a load of different classes to choose from,The monsters interesting and scary,The background noises really add to the game,I reccomend this game 7/10"
,Not Recommended,247730,26576231,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,zerk,this game is dead af fam
,Recommended,247730,32552742,Posted: 18 June,all,Tree Fiddy,This was such a good game ruined by bad choices and a lack of care. I recommend it for what it was. Not what it is.
,Not Recommended,247730,24365657,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Zero.,"used to be good, complete♥♥♥♥♥♥now sadly :c"
76561198090547870,Not Recommended,247730,12744292,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Spoodle,"so lets get to know the basics first , when nether first came out it was in its prime ,but to be honest the devs havent added much in the year the games been out . yeah they've increased the size of the map by basicly triple ,but their not focusing on fixing all the bugs , the hackers , or actualy implamenting somthing that has of use besides a bigger map. they have recently added a gamemode called last man standing which no one cares about and thats a fact , but i feel like thats there way of abandoning the game just to get a last quick buck. they have basicly removed all of there servers and out of the 7 they have left , 3 are last man standing . so would i recomend this game, well in a way yes because it is fun from time to time but as of the amount of little to no effort the devs put in to the game or care about the comunity no because there just searching for a way to get money out of us before the ditch the game aka: last man standing. and the game is somewhat a pay to win game now as they have released coins now into the game , which i bought but within an hour of me having it i spent it all on keys and a hacker somehow managed to take them out of my inventory . so again i would only recomend buying this when the devs decide to take their heads out of there asses and start listening to the little to no fan base they have left."
,Not Recommended,247730,24389433,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Fresh,Unplayable
,Not Recommended,247730,12793807,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,SnowMan,"When i tried to play there was only two servers up. One needed DLC, and the other one was full 1/10"
,Not Recommended,247730,10887352,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,☠Rotten☠,1. Lags. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ lags which game worth of 14euros SHOULD NOT HAVE. Problems with registration and 4 days problems of even starting the goddamn game. Game crashes way too much.2. Not nice people who just like to kill others. Just for fun. Got fиcking knife in my back and i didnt even have aaanything with me. Very brave thing. More chances to be killed from people than from creepy features.3. If you are thinking to buy or not- DO NOT buy that. Not worth of even 1 euro.
,Not Recommended,247730,9463698,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,LlorenR,Ｉ　ＭＡＤＥ　Ａ　ＨＯＲＲＩＢＬＥ　ＭＩＳＴＡＫＥ
76561198023403308,Recommended,247730,9095096,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Spazieyyy,Just  pure autism on steriods this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing bad I rather cut my own♥♥♥♥♥♥off and force feed it to rosie o'donnell and just end my life ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME
,Recommended,247730,11075585,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Austin,This game got me pregnant
,Recommended,247730,13537934,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Brad,"15/10 good game, even my mum enjoys to come home after a hard day at work and relax and have some fun on one of the best games.... NETHER"
39478923749721012,Not Recommended,247730,11024548,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Resinox,I haven't played the game yet because i can't register. GTFO with that crap we have steam for this.
,Recommended,247730,18793811,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Athase,Looking promising as of the new october update.  Not sure how the multiplayer servers are going to evlove (what with the previous hacker issues) but I will keep my eyes open.
,Recommended,247730,18795084,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Jørgen,"Finally someone is doing something with this game...Something that is good for it.I played the game back in summer 2014 and I loved it. But then, lots of bad things happened to Nether - hackers, bugs, p2w... But I still loved that game, somewhere deep inside me and this made me really sad. But today, when I saw this and read all the info, I think that Nether is back in the right hands and that it will (hopefully) get the respect and appreciation it actually deserves. I really wish you luck, guys :)"
76561198113384878,Not Recommended,247730,16840550,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Buddy,So to sum it up......This game is ♥♥♥♥ing dead
,Recommended,247730,9737553,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Hey it Geg,"After 5 hours of building a character, looting, surviving by the skin of my teeth and sniping poor innocent people with a gun made of a tin can from across the map, I was killed by a lamppost.GOAT/10"
76561198012589487,Not Recommended,247730,7973446,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,SkullScience,"Having seen the potential of WarZ/ISS and, like so many, being overall disappointed with how that has turned out thus far, I purchased Nether truly believing a company like Phosphor would not simply emulate Hammerpoint.  So in I went and got myself early access.  At first I was quite impressed.  Solid graphics and gameplay for a game in early development.  Then I died and all my skill and levels reset to zero.  A bug/glitch? No, I see it is intended to play like a 1980's arcade.  Ok, 1 life then game over.  That is fine, adds to the challenge, then the Kill on Sight began.  Others players running up to noobs with no equipment and shooting for fun.  A defenseless character versus one armed to the teeth. With losing skills each death the game becomes totally unplayable very quickly.  Safe zones are now camping zones for KoS players.  No skill, just kill the noob, even mobs with a deliverance attitude.  No effort to stop hackers, updates very slow and often make the game inferior being poorly implemented and ill thought through.  The game is now one of the biggest disappoinments I have ever purchased on Steam.  With the aforementioned rival now implementing a pve quest system and full hack protection, I may as well go back!!"
,Not Recommended,247730,16411234,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Jardyn,♥♥♥♥da devs dat maed dis game.
76561198083522397,Not Recommended,247730,15146442,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,infamy,they actually released this
,Recommended,247730,10876590,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Kraxie,"Got stuck in a wall.12/10, would get stuck again"
,Not Recommended,247730,9171406,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,sGs.Ale,"Really nice game with alot of PvP , But in its current state i cannot recomend it as its FILLED with speed hackers and the like.Devs are really nice and caring and are often spotted on the servers ."
,Recommended,247730,14771245,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,BigBangAutism,Fantastic game! I could play it for days!
76561197998175103,Recommended,247730,10104111,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Godspeed,"So i've been playing nether for alot of hours now and it seems fair i throw in my 2 cents about the game, so here goes.So where do i start! well nether is a rather fun survival game, with some nice graphics and gameplay even if it is in beta, its got a very large map with lots of potential looting spots and hiding places. some of the features already in the game are nice such a loot drop zones, and safezones going down randomly (which i still feel shouldent be called a safezone if at certain times its not actually safe...feels like misdirection) just sayin... another thing i found about these safezones going down is it gives players on the outside a chance to kill you by camping and alot of people will tend to rage about this and include it in a negative review but if you're in a safezone and it goes down my best advice is to exit and rejoin and spawn randomly in the world...Player VS Player aspect of the game is challenging, its hard to spot people in cetain places throughout the world, the vast majority of the time you will be sniped before you know it, having said that it can get very tedious if you spend awhile running from town to town with packages and selling them to npc traders to earn enough for a nice big backpack to carry more stuff only to have it taken with no chance of recovering it, and this is where i personally feel the game is let down, it appears to me that a vital feature of the game is missing which is the ability to track a player thats killed you.One of the issues i faced in the beta is getting stuck alot, the gameplay although of high graphic quality feels very glitchy and the collisions are way off, i've seen in some places grass and rocks floating in mid air... hopefully this is going to be fixed by release.Killing nether is easy if you have a gun and ammo, which both are very easy to obtain, to easy in my opinion. The fact the nether random spawn around you doesnt do any justice to the game as there spawning pattern is easily worked out and you know exactly where to expect them to pop up, plus you can easily spot them a mile away.Global inventory is a nice feature, gives you the chance to store any items you have looted so you dont lose them if you die, having said that i feel it just doesnt give you enough space to store stuff.If you enjoy a pointless survival experience and like being killed by hackers because there is no anti-hack system on this game, you like limited content and love to struggle storing valuable items you have looted, you want a game that wont give you assistance with how to play it, and you like dying by campers, then this game is for you!"
76561198034344567,Not Recommended,247730,34439156,Posted: 23 August,all,Szmicer,I wish i could refound
76561198042599631,Not Recommended,247730,16831811,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Sabbath,Won't even ♥♥♥♥♥♥ install properly and they even refused the refund. PS: I spent the 13 hours downloading the game from their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ launcher and trying to make it work. WORST TEAM EVER!
,Not Recommended,247730,12312798,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,bin laden,"What the ♥♥♥♥ is this, and why did i buy it"
,Recommended,247730,18828043,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,DarkByke,"I started off in a small town.  I found a package and it said something about escorting it somewhere.  There was no markers on the map or anything showing me where to go.  There was no quest objectives.  Died shortly after picking up a package in a parkade.  I guess that's it?Could use a larger FOV, hurts my eyes.Looks like it could be fun once you craft some guns, but you're out there with a kitchen knife against aliens.  Doesn't end well."
76561198055625687,Recommended,247730,18868234,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Sage,It's back baby! Oh yes its back! No more pay to win :D
,Not Recommended,247730,12311383,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,mayro,i'd rather have a buffalo take a diarrhea dump in my ears than to play this game again
,Recommended,247730,26637827,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Bitchboy Supreme,I was touched as a child. That's probably why I enjoy this game.
76561198082326665,Recommended,247730,8800488,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Clavicus123,Better than infestation
,Not Recommended,247730,10874839,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ALPRAS,"This... is just a huge piece of garbage. I've already got used to play bad games, and some of them are enjoyable: This isn't.My gameplay until now:-Initiated game, created Nether account, launched it.-Got stuck on the menu, Ctrl+Alt-Del and stoped it-Launched it again-Got stuck on the menu, closed it... again.-Launched it once more-Mouse cursor doesn't showed up, had to do Alt-Tab to put it to work-Menu works at 0,2FPS God know why...-Initiated server-Waited 3 minutes, didn't spawned anywhere. Esc, Tab, nothing works, closed game-Launched it-Same process, etc. etc.-FINALLY could play something-Server almost full: can't see no one-Killed some monsters-Got tired of itThat's it. That's what this game is about: kill some monsters, kill some humans, get killed by bothThis game is just an offense to the consumer. In fact, most of Antecipated acess games are. I know that they are not complete yet, but there's no excuse for the lazyness of some projects, and this one is just one of them. The game is completely broken, barely works, and everything in it is terrible.Graphics: 3/10Besides some good details, they are completely uninspired, pop-ups everywhere, textures always show up in front of you, just ugly as ....Gameplay: 2/10Lag. Lag. Lag, so much lag. Most of the actions like crouching, opening the menu, etc, takes seconds, I repeat, seconds to do. Not mili-seconds, not immediately, but 2-3 seconds to do that.The character creating is minimal, you dont have many options.The crafting system is strange and I didn't see any tutorial explaining that.Sound: 1/10Is it there?Final score: 2/10This is a complete garbage, and the least we, players, ask from the creators of games that are in antecipated acess is that they are, at least, functional and works. The game was launched in Fall '13 (almost a Year ago) and it's inadmissible that it's still in this condition, dysfunctional, I'm still looking where can I spend my 50 Gold coisa, because I can't find the store (Yes, I, being a complete idiot, bought the ""Chosen"" edition ((Well, at least it was on Steam Sales, 6€...))There are so many bugs I can't even count anymore, with just 1h of gameplay!!! The game doesn't start, the game doesn't close, the menu freezes, buttons that doesn't work, glitches everywhere, enormous quantity of time required to join a game, so, so many bugs, it's attrocious.So, don't buy this game, at all. Unless a miracle happens, avoid it."
,Not Recommended,247730,9027508,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,BIT Bear,If there were a way to delete this mistake and never have it show up in my Games library then i'd be happy. I don't even want a refund for this awful game anymore. Just delete it from steam. Thanks.
,Not Recommended,247730,8320276,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,The Metalizer,"I've had nothing but high expectations for this game once I saw it on steam and once I finally get the money to buy it I can't even play do to problems with syncing my steam account. Now I don't think its quite fare to say that this is a bad game since I haven't acually played it yet, but I am a bit disappointed in the website's ability to sync to your steam. I've tried numerous ways to get it to work but alas to no avail none of them work for me. Maybe it's because of all the new accounts being made? this may be just a small bug that only a small percentage of people are experiencing but it's enough to discourge those who bought it and can't play. If you still want to buy nether I suggest to read some other helpful reviews and wait for an oportunity were their servers arn't being overloaded with new accounts.NOTE: I will be doing a complete new review on this game if and when I'm acutally going to be able to play it.I still have high expectations for this game but they are damaged a bit becuase of this little incident...."
,Recommended,247730,19788650,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,insomniac,"Dont let the ratings fool you, nether is a great game that is well worth 5 bucks. Do buy, the origional team is back in control for the most part and no longer pay 2 win. Sets itself apart from other similar games aswell with its enjoyable atmosphere. Buy one for yourself and a friend, its worth the money."
,Not Recommended,247730,7931803,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Shinshichi,"when it will be finished, then you should play, now it sucks very very hard, also developers don't listen to public"
,Recommended,247730,8148012,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Kermit,Great game that is being updated frequently!
76561198119765822,Recommended,247730,19247081,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Bullet_Prufe,"10/10Don't say the game is bad because you don't know how to play. I have seen several people say this because they had no idea what they where doing and judged the game too quickly. Instead of trying to trash talk a good game why not take some time to play it then you can tell others if it's good or bad otherwise don't write a review. I have had a lot of fun playing this game and I hate to see people throw it away and tell others to do the same.Also I just watched one of the most awful you tube reviews I have ever seen. It consisted of a guy trash talking the game because he died and didn't know how to play, these are the people you shouldn't listen to. (review done by PsiSyndicate) I wanted to mention his review because he has the biggest subscriber amount I could find that did a recent review on the game and it was extremely bias make sure to look at more than one source of information before making a decision."
76561198062303348,Recommended,247730,29973417,Posted: 16 February,all,Bulma,This game is lit redownloading and gonna make a server tonight to play with some friends
,Not Recommended,247730,16372383,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Jules,"This game used to be decent. It was fun playing with friends, and exploring - it's turned to utter♥♥♥♥♥♥It's buggier than at launch,has literally 0 playersand they added potions. F#!KING POTIONS!Used to be good, boring now."
76561198042976243,Recommended,247730,18896487,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Hardcore Shircore,"PSI why do u have to hate NETHER because u are bad at the gamehttps://youtu.be/zdGK2Jy94WI= watch it and give it a DISLIKE PLSTHIS GAME IS NOT BAD OR EXCELLENT BUT IT IS GOOD at the current time. The orgional game developers are back and hopfuly they start bringing back updates to improve the game and make it better. They have taken away the micro transactions, which is a very good step forward for a game, also in my opinion it can become better the dayz and H1Z1 if hard work is put into the game.One problem that i think needs to be changed is  the teleportation of the NETHER, it is ok for one of two types of Nether to have teleportation. Howerver for all or most of them it is too much and can be annoying at times. Secondly the open expansion of the second part of the map is too open and empty and many players don't go to that part of the map, also i find myself spawning in that part of the map and my first objective is to get to the city because i don't like that part of the map SRY.DEVS READ:If u keep putting in updates small or big and get the attention of gamers though social media, youtube or steam then ur game will go far and become an EPIC GAME. For example you put an update for resurrected, look what happend, it sparked attention for good or bad (mainly good) and increased the amount of players. However if you DON'T then you know what will happen DOWN IN SALES AND GAMERS.PLS LISTEN TO WHAT I SAID AND ACT OPON IT BECAUSE I DON'T WHAT TO SEE THE GAME FAIL7.5/10 current, possible 9/10 if worked on.(excellent consept/gameplay needs work)THANKSJoshua"
,Recommended,247730,14098573,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Neekeri,"Camped near rare loot and waited for someone to come use their key, then shot them with pistol. Now i feel like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. 10/10 would camp again."
,Recommended,247730,8151204,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,shiitflake,good fun and pvp
,Not Recommended,247730,8178750,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,$hnitzle,"bought the game on the winter sale. been over 24 hours and still cannot play the game. Aperantley steam and this games creators are not on the same page and you cannot sync your steam account to it. Hence it does not recognise you bought the game, in turn you cannot play. they are ""trying to find a fix for it""....... not worth the hassle if you ask me. No ETA of when anyone who buys the game from steam will ever get to play."
,Recommended,247730,8207281,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Phil,"Yes YES YES!  So much yes, this game not only provides hours of entertainment, it is one of the most innovative and creative games I've ever played. The gameplay is unique and the ending oh the ending is just wonderful. It's shame it doesn't take long to complete, sometimes i can complete it in 15 seconds other times it takes 2 minutes. but trust me when I say that this is game is fantastic.That sudden plot twist at the end, where you think you are going to sign in but then oh no, you failed because you didn't link your steam account. Get's me everytime, absoultly wonderful.100% RecommendationAfter finally getting on the game, I must say it is rather good."
76561198043562431,Recommended,247730,8155735,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,gippydpig,I saw a crawler humping a tent
,Not Recommended,247730,9169925,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Toni,This must have been the worst purchase in a long time. The devs really need to fix a ton of stuff. I will revisit this game when its finished.Rating:Worst game ever
,Recommended,247730,8152782,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Zozzle,people really dont give nether enough credit it is great even with unfair dickish player killing
76561198037919572,Recommended,247730,8149093,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Baked Fresh,:)
,Not Recommended,247730,8604132,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Orkeosaurus,"It's basically a glorified arena shooter because there's absolutely no point to cooperating with people and guns are more abundant than food or bandages. The game has one global chat, and all kills are announced in it, which adds to the feeling of it being an arena rather than a survival game. There's also really no incentive to get better things like masks or bigger backpacks since everything bought with in-game cash drops on death and is all ridiculously expensive. To its credit the game is pretty stable, but I don't see it getting any better past beta given what the game is. It's worth it on sale if you want DayZ lite."
,Not Recommended,247730,7998954,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Sc00t3r,"“Meet Nether, Phosphor’s DayZ Killer.”  -Rock, Paper, ShotgunLies. Whoever at RPS wrote or said that was either taken way out of contex, or smoking crack."
,Not Recommended,247730,9718597,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,DasMaddi,"Do not buy this game. It's full of problems and the majority of the players are Kill On Sight Players. Furthermore, if you die, you lose all progress. It's a bugged, unpolished mess that does not deserve your money."
,Not Recommended,247730,8035846,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,:NxS: the road to 2k,this game sucks so bad.  i paid 30 for it and im so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197978158301,Not Recommended,247730,11523575,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,George,Steam sale -> Install -> Play -> Attacked by player + mob of enemies after spawning -> Repeat -> wtf -> Uninstall -> Dead games category.
,Not Recommended,247730,7755288,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Shoy,"contact me if you'd like to play this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, i've got a few keys."
,Not Recommended,247730,8025656,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Fiannawolf,"Well after having this game for 1 1/2 months....all Ive been able to do is patch it and then see the game fail to launch or the""Nether - the application was unable to start correctly 0xc000007b""  dance.Tried all the fixes provided on the offical forums and here but alas nothing works. I wouldnt recommend buying this at the moment because in all honesty many are having a hard enough time linking steam accounts, patching the game, downloading the launcher ect ect.The concept looks awesome but its no fun to be stuck outside looking in. Yes I have all the requirements and more to play this game...hell I can play bioshock infinite and others on Ultra graphics settings so please devs....get your game working because I want to log into the servers and I dont even care if I die lots of times or no female avatars or unfinished content because at this point I just want to play. Well until they resolve these issues its back to Fallout series or Wasteland ect to get my Post apoc kicks. Ill keep checking the forums to see when they fix the errors preventing me from Launching.When I finally am able to log in and play Im going to run strait at a Nether with a kitchen knife for sheery silliness."
,Recommended,247730,8147095,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Enkiryth,Cannot recommend this enough for $11.99!
,Recommended,247730,10621155,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,EchoThruMe,"The Good:Excellent graphics: This game looks amazing blowing away similar titles such as DayZ and Rust.Controls are solid: Familiar key bindings make this game easy to jump into and enjoy.Multiplayer experience: Playing this game with friends is what I like to call a blast in a glass. Enjoy hours of exploring, battling enemies and being killed by other gamers online. The hours of fun times are endless.Weapons: The arsenal available in Nether is solid offering a large enough collection of weapons to both purchase and scavenge to keep you entertained for a long time.Developers: As Nether gets closer to be an official release (who knows when that will be) the development team continues to improve upon and expand the game. This is always a great sign.Environments: The lands are huge, detailed and original. You won’t get bored exploring and you will always be on the hunt for hidden goodies (see: finding a large back pack).The Bad:Opponents: You will regularly become disappointed as you leave a safe zone just to run into a hidden sniper waiting for you to take off your head and steal all of your collected and purchased goods. What makes this even worse is that upon your death you lose everything, including the perks which you had ranked up through out that life. This can become extremely frustrating.AI: we would like to see more diverse Nether in the game. As of now, the human players are more difficult than the Nether.Weapon glitches: Being that this game is still in beta makes it difficult to mention issues with weapons, but I feel it must be said.Ammo is valuable in game. Very valuable. There is a glitch which will currently allow you to unload and reload our weapon netting you extra ammo each time you do so. I am sure this will be fixed before the game officially releases, but as of now, it can be an issue.Stuck on stairs: The current build of Nether often has you getting stuck on the stairs, not allowing you to go up or down.Clipping: Randomly, your character will sink into the ground in certain areas of the world.Micro-transactions: I simply have never been a fan.Full review and more Steam content here:www.SteamFirst.com"
76561198093013668,Recommended,247730,8486472,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,wangan,"Amazing game, very tense atmosphere, must buy!!! 5*"
76561198046641181,Recommended,247730,8164897,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,acm707,Similar to dayz and war z and much betterlook Promising
,Not Recommended,247730,34807677,Posted: 7 September,all,Alanopter,SCAM
,Recommended,247730,8147390,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Lightning Larry Luciano,"So far I have thoroughly enjoyed this game. It is in pre-release so you have to keep that in mind. Don't expect a perfect game. The survival/scavenging elements are very enjoyable the monsters are frightening and somewhat difficult to beat, but not too difficult. Over all I would definitely recommend picking this game up."
,Recommended,247730,8151205,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,RadioG00se,Fun but a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥
76561197998746250,Recommended,247730,8160272,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Daяк RiÐeя,"Haven't played other zombie/survival games but so far this game has turned out to be delivering on its promises. Some issues are present, as to be expected with a beta early release but devs are continually working on the game with updates and added content (3 patches since I have puchased). The gameplay is addictive in an unexplainable way as you lose it all when you die...Definitely give it a try if survival types are your thing."
76561198007666908,Not Recommended,247730,8047459,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Potato Polski PC,"This game is so bad, that it makes me hurl. I feel butt♥♥♥♥♥♥♥for buying it. Don't even consider buying it.The game is pay to win, absolutely.The game is about you scavenging and surviving as long as you can. But there is nothing 'good' to scavenge, it's so rare to find medical items to heal yourself or guns that can protect you. I've been looking for 7 hours and only found a few items that supported me in surviving.However, what can they be used for? Soon you'll face insane enemies which can teleport around you so guns make no sense, worst of all they can kill you with a few hits. Oh, did I tell you that they all have a GPS tracker? Well they do. If you get spotted, you're dead. You can't run, because if you start to run. All hell gets lose, you distract even more Nether.The only way to succed in this game is to get someone you can rely on who can help you. But you will not find any helpful people in the game, you will be shot on sight by safe zone campers and alike. Don't buy it, don't consider it, don't support the people sucking money out of us. Thanks."
,Not Recommended,247730,7979398,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,The tickle clown,"THIS game SUCKs The worst game I ever played you start off with nothing then when you get something some one comes along and kills you. Now you have to start all over, no weapons no nothing lol this game is a joke"
,Recommended,247730,14336843,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Yuzeku♥,"Super jeu de survie, je trouve qu'il manque un peut de monstre sur la map,Point de vue PvP il n'y a rien a dire c'est génial :)  le seul problème sont les cheaters dans ce jeu :/Graphiquement c'est très jolie :) pour une BétaDommage que pour le moment il manque de MaJ :/"
,Recommended,247730,8146870,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Drop.Kick,"It's a great game, it should be known that as of writing this it is in beta so bugs are to be expected but regardless a fun game to play alone or with friends.  Lots of fun to be had, well worth the buy in."
76561198009881513,Not Recommended,247730,23146594,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,impols,this is♥♥♥♥♥
76561198086330653,Recommended,247730,19076822,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,CautiousCrowe,"The old devs are back, the majority of the nastiness that the other people brought in has been gutted out. It's amazing."
76561198044121048,Not Recommended,247730,12873077,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Perennial,-Worst game of 2014-Best unistallation simulator of 2014-I cri evrtiem-check out my uninstallation video ;)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IrZcB7CD_yM&list=UUGuqclBU8tcO53uBsMLd8ZgThank you.
76561198052341449,Not Recommended,247730,7970646,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,soFluffy,"Don't waste your time - had nothing but problems after purchasing this game via Steam - The game might be awesome, but there is no way to know because it never worked for me. And yes I have a 64bit OS - my rig cost over $4k and is top-of-the-line, runs all games effortlessly, except nether.Since the game is an early access beta, there is no real support outside of community driven through the forums - you may see a dev respond occasionally but with no solid or tangible results. You're basically left on your own to troubleshoot any issues, and like me - you just spent $30 to add an unuseable app to your system."
,Not Recommended,247730,22658817,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Capt'n Henke,"Dont buy, Dead as ♥♥♥♥... The game had potential, was very close to be very good, but the devs abandoned it. Shouldnt even be on market"
76561197979202464,Not Recommended,247730,7864752,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Cluskey,What a pile of excrement
,Recommended,247730,8160580,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,☢DЯo!d╰_╯★☭,"25/12/13Finally was able to play the game properly. it is very fun. anyone who likes survival zombie/mutant mmo will like this game a lot.The map looks to be very big which is for now set in a big city. Unfortianly in beta/alpha? only a portion of the map is playable, but i see me already enjoying it, cannot wait untill devs expand the map. Atmosphere is very haunting and lonely which is good for this game.I recommend playing this with friends.Hopeing for more updates and more features from devs.Already see this game getting big on steamDayz clone? no and yes.21/12/13Cannot play it at the moment because of steam account linking. Plus u have to go through all the trouble of logging in and creating new account just to play the game"
,Recommended,247730,9434966,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,WhataCoolName,It sucks.
76561198079635937,Recommended,247730,9103746,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,BananaBoyChoy,"I really like the game, but please add voice chat, because I ran into a guy with a rifle and I had a kitchen knife. I ran like no other."
76561198064462761,Recommended,247730,8431662,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Teh Hobbo Gobbo,This game is so much fun. Get it now. Its a must buy.
76561198037607231,Recommended,247730,8546729,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,TapRackBang,"A refreshing taste in the zombie survival genre.It gives you a large urban city to explore instead of wide open rural areas like in DayZ, this appealed to me because i hated wondering around for hours on end just to find a building to loot. Although it is a little buggy right now, it is one of my favorites in this genre. (I also like to play DayZ)"
,Recommended,247730,8355728,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,JaydRabbit,"I enjoy this game a lot! Although I usually play by myself, and rarely seem to find people I enjoy the game! I sometimes wish that it had a bit more items in practical places but maybe that's just me! I like the aspect of survival in the game and also the good graphics for a game as such!"
,Recommended,247730,8386509,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Syst3m0verload,Eat my♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is ♥♥♥♥ing scary!!!
,Recommended,247730,8766400,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,{snipe} Hans Smooth,"Great game, specially considering its early access. There are sure some flaws which I hope will get worked out. Like Safezone camping, there must be a better system in place to prevent ppl from camping a single entrance to a SF.... maybe make the zone not have ONE entrence but instead be a area, like a radius, so that they dont know where to camp. But like I said, cool game, good atmosphere, the PvE aspect is nice cuz the monsters are hard, so it keeps you on you guard. I would say to pick it up if you like survival games that are a lil bit harder, cuz in Nether, both the Pve and PvP will mess you up real bad. Good game, GET IT and SUPPORT these guys and hopefully they will fix the small flaws :) Aproach this game with patience, dont spawn and run like in CoD, hide and find supplies, avoid combat in the begging and stock up on inventory! And yes, it can get repetive after some hours, but they added escorts and you already have delivery missions, so its coming along nice.  I prefer to play it by myself, but grouping is also a good way to play, just look out who you trust....PROS+-good looking (maybe not pure graphics/polygon count, but the art, lighting and the feel of the look)-atmosperic and moody-challening-rewardingCONS--a bit buggy at times(hey ,its early access)-some systems in the game dont quite work like they should yet(ex.safezones)-unfair at times (spawn and get attacked by 5 monsters asap)-combat can feel a bit unprecise and floady, but feels great more often then not.-spawn rate for items is brutal at times"
,Recommended,247730,8778261,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,kiz,"A fun and challenging open world survival game where unlike dayz where you will spend hours walking trying to find something, in this urban enviroment you will see more action and loot in half an hour in this then a whole day of play in dayz"
76561198095266532,Recommended,247730,8802136,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,marcus7g,"seems like a great game but after i press sign in it says ""steam failed to initialize; please ensure that the steam client is running on this machine prior to playing the game... exiting"" someone pleeeease help me i dont know whats going on."
,Recommended,247730,8805054,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,thenk csgoatse.com,its fun the end
,Recommended,247730,8813543,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,OG XRated,Best post-apocalyptic game out there!!
76561198117390296,Recommended,247730,8872169,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Hadiki,"Very recommended if you don't care for the little bugs here and there. I think this game is fantastic. It's a first person shooter with a twist of a new speices called Nether. I really enjoy the thrill of it all. Death at every corner. Sneaking past players and nether to survive an untimely death. Starting from scratch from death only to learn from your mistakes and become a pro. Joining fellow friendly or bandits to survive whatever lies on the road ahead. Yes the map might be small now but just look at what's to come! So much space and exploration to have. Recently added escort missions have added a twist even though they have their quirks like, you can drop it and if you're traveling alone, you're almost sure to die from the nether being drawn to the beeping of the package. I hope to see more missions and things available as the map expands and the game progresses in its development. Completely worth the $20 price I paid!!!"
76561198029262460,Recommended,247730,8622813,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,[GWJ]Kerusso,"This game is a great addition to the Online PVP/PVE Survival Horror Genre that has come about the last few years.Gamplay feels tight and there is Danger around every corner, any seccound could be your last! So hop in and feel the rush!With that said Nether is a little rough with PVP taking the crown of things to do on high pop servers. Put   simply Nether needs time to grow in content & feachers, gameplay feels great with lots to do and injoy but still needs more for the 100+ Hour player."
76561197993116336,Recommended,247730,8624107,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Gadgetalex,"Awesome game...  you can compare it to the likes of DayZ (have only tried the mod) and Rust but it is unique it its own way.. It seems to cater more towards PvP than the aforementioned games but does so in a good way. There are a ton of places to hide you have consider every step carefully and make sure to be as stealthy as possible.Within the world there are 4 seperate outposts.. you can transport courier packages between these outposts for money and xp. There are also big loot drops visible on the map to all players, resulting in tense situations when people are fighting over the supplies. Generally I feel loot is something the game doess really well. It is designes such that High visibillity = a lot of loot which contributes to a sense of paranioa when going through these places as you feel like a sitting duck."
,Not Recommended,247730,10993160,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Draconify,"Wonderful piece of crap.  I purchased this game and when I went to register it, it refused to send me an email, refused to let me log in with my selected username and password.  When I tried to re-register it refuses to let me re-register.All in all seems like Steam might need to ban this from their system if they are going to pretend to offer a product but not actually deliver."
76561198111651044,Not Recommended,247730,11005355,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Chody,"This game makes no sense.when people go this game they usually be killing noobs that dont no♥♥♥♥♥♥or be the noob that DOSENT NO S***. When u start the game you collect boxes that are in there for no reason then to give u a GOD DAMN CROWBAR that has no match for people with shotguns and pistols. when u want to join a tribe cost money yeah i want to pay for my life even tho this game was $2.49 on the 2014 summer steam sale to me this S***deserves cremtion for its stupid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ way of ""slicker, smoother Dayz"" Bull S*** this game isnt smooth at all or slick this is one of the worst open world games out there for now its number 1THIS GAME IS NOT WORTH IT PLEASE IN THE HOLY SAINT OF GOD DO NO BUY THIS GAME IF U BUYS THIS GAME LIKE ME WITH OUT LOOKING INTO IT MORE U WILL WASTE MONEY"
76561198005546261,Not Recommended,247730,11010392,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Clona,This is no where near complete.Game isn't for every person.  Being killed by ppl soon as you leave the safe zone is a plague on this game. They need to implement punishment for over powered kills. Same problem as Rust and DayZ. Until they fix the issue of senseless pvp killing this will never appeal to every one.
76561198063303342,Not Recommended,247730,11026406,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,BigBadWoof,"Please don't buy this game now that it is in ""Fullrelease"" its buggier than ever, has flying textures everywhere and is overall pretty broken. If you want to spend some money spend it on toiletpaper, atleast it is worth the money."
76561198104536904,Not Recommended,247730,11041828,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Balandar,"I wouldn't classify this as beta, yet its a ''full grown'' game."
,Recommended,247730,11193641,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Childish Dada,honestly i dont see the problem in this game.... i mean sure it lags and sure its glitchy but what do expect from an online game.. and this is still a beta and if your having problems with loging in.. then YOUR doing something wrong... look it up.besides alot of these comments were made along time ago. alot has changed since then i sugest this game to everyone
,Recommended,247730,11219839,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,sickle cell anemia,hurricane katrina simulator 2k14
,Not Recommended,247730,11278377,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,-=(DoD)=- Cobra Karl,"Don't EVER buy this game, creating a account was a nightmare took so many trys to get in then to find a server with people was impossible. FUUUCK THIS GAME!!!!"
,Not Recommended,247730,11374103,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,MonkeyTroll,♥♥♥♥
76561198000485613,Not Recommended,247730,11342249,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,BootyliciousBlowfish,I wish I didn't buy this.
,Recommended,247730,11772879,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,<{:AvP:}>ASSASINLORD,MY GAME DOESNT WORK WTF ITS COMPATIBLE BUT IT EXITS OUT AFTER I LAUNCH IT
76561198127064019,Not Recommended,247730,11207814,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,CybernatonEvolution,"A heavily-flawed waste of time; requires someone who has a lot of free time and tolerance for bullcrap.Summary: Nether is one of thoese games that sound good on paper but are horrible executed. It is utterly boring, clunky and luck-based; you level up, gather stuff and lose them for an enemy that didn't register hits or a random player sniping new players. As  for the performance of the game, it runs horribly: it is badly optimized and textures are low resolution ones. Overall, it is a poor overpriced game, and it is time-consuming on top of that. It relies on community and RPG-elements, but the community is filled with players who prefer boring approach (that is killing new players with overleveled characters), and the RPG elements are irrelevant and leveling up/gearing up takes a lot of time for little reward.More in detail:Gameplay is clunky. Animations are lacking, there are various physics glitches (I got behind an idiot on top of a building to either communicate with him or kill him but I couldn't drop down a ledge and he detected me) and it  is unresponsive. Shooting mechanics are horrendous and require no technical or tactical approach. The enemy design is boring as well; teleporting enemies with poor hit detection.Quests or objectives are dumb, and the game does a poor job of guiding you or whatever. Just carry this stupid package to a place, then get killed by an overleveled player with low ping or a stupid group of Nethers. The game is pretty much aimless; it would be much better if you can group up with people to make small camps/factions and have a mean OF A BIT MORE FASTER TRAVEL.Graphics:The game is badly optimized and it looks fine in some places during specific times of day/night. The whole game needs some sort of filters to define it, and it requires better textures. Also better ambient occlusion would help, but that is demanding on performance."
,Recommended,247730,13276490,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Daddy DeVito,"It won't let me login! It takes me to the site but says this,""Your connection is not privateAttackers might be trying to steal your information fromwww.playnether.com(for example, passwords, messages, or credit cards).What DO I Do?"
76561198043020146,Not Recommended,247730,10980064,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Commissar Leo,Just no.
76561198114115049,Recommended,247730,10717885,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Spark,Sscaryr
,Not Recommended,247730,17610205,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Supreme Leader Derp,"The Dev team has left the building, Steam needs to remove this game.  The current state is in is perpetual beta."
76561198044885436,Recommended,247730,11005034,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,BKRandon,"Really fun when you get into the action with friends. Yeah, there are some people who want to kill you...but you can join tribes that almost guarentees you friendlies."
,Recommended,247730,14105726,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Just Jewbi,"This Game is so broken, it's actually kind of fun sometimes. Having hackers give you stuff is pretty amazing, but being shot out of the blue isn't. This game is really hard; so irecomond that you have more than two friends to play with. Be careful of the nether enimes. This game is worth the money, and hackers don't spam kill you, fresh spawns do."
76561198083446578,Recommended,247730,14272082,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,✪ grandma nutmilk,this game is alot of fun .. yes there are bugs and some hackers but still a great game has great potential hoping devs will get back on updating the game soon
76561197971831910,Not Recommended,247730,10979658,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,robsgame,a ♥♥♥♥ing joke luckily i only paid £2.00 as over a week later no working game and no replys from nether supporti would advise all to stay clear of this bunch of cowboys
76561198066545582,Recommended,247730,8395500,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,BAKERBROTHERS,This game sucks a bit but now i know why i can't play it i have closed beta acces
,Recommended,247730,8885566,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,iloveyouMiaoNiNi,:D
,Recommended,247730,10913025,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,iPKChu™,"Great game if you like hardcore pvpve game, More emphasis on the pvp. There can be alot added to this game. If mods are even being consitered, It would make one hell of a game. I hope this game sticks around for the better, The learning curve is pretty high, just the way I like it. ;) If you're a casual that wont take the chance to take their time and adapt this game isn't for you."
,Not Recommended,247730,10640324,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,RookieJack,"STAY AWAY! The game has the concept that only masochists could enjoy. When you die after hours of collecting stuff and killing monsters, you loose everything: all your inventory, skill level, weapons and some cash. After you die you start the game from the very beginning, with a crappy knife and nothing else except your money (minus penalty for dying). The stuff in the stores is badly overpriced. The ""safe zones"" are not safe - they can be overrun by monsters and you will die there for sure loosing all your stuff. Monsters constantly teleport and fighting them is no fun. The game has lots of copy-pasted buildings, crappily made terrain and other problems. Clipping is a big problem especially when you end up in deep water. The resources are too scarce. There's no plot whatsoever. Running around delivering 20 pound packages from one place to another and collecting junk may seem like fun, but loosing all your posessions after you die is the worst thing the developers could implement. This really ruins the game. So stay away unless you like playing the game where you are destined to loose."
76561198050054272,Recommended,247730,10374524,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Dante's Inferno,played this game for a while now and i have to say it is really ♥♥♥♥ing fun. It's completly random on whats going to happen and what you get. It's better than DayZ. In my opinion of course. It has the best horror element of just poping♥♥♥♥♥♥behind you like it did me with a berserker that decided to have a feild day on me. But there are some things that can be fixed like the drops in random locations but all in all a very fun game.
,Not Recommended,247730,23672881,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,slam jam,"Could have been great, but.. meh, it's not even worth my time to♥♥♥♥♥♥talk this. Read the other reviews."
,Not Recommended,247730,13285308,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Dumpster-Baby,wont let me even join a server....and i just got the game. wtf
,Not Recommended,247730,10726801,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Victor,"Don't buy this game, u will stick in server list with screen frozen or u will be stuck in spectator mode"
76561198064623536,Recommended,247730,10719835,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,♛Q.U.E.E.N♛,hmmm i dont know what to say -.- for now this game SUCKS!!
76561198067014242,Not Recommended,247730,12959264,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,The Vulgar Unicorn,1 word     GARBAGE  if you are looking to purchase this prepare to do nothing but be repeatedlly killedseconds after stepping out of safe zones . Or spawn in and be gunned down by other players in the safe zone where you spawned total trash product with crap community  .
,Not Recommended,247730,9956744,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,The Gamer Show,"Do Not Buy This Game!!!After you purchase it, it will not work and support for this game is ridiculous! They tell if you bought the game... wait for it to be playable.Read the Issues:http://steamcommunity.com/app/247730/discussions/2/540739861781251850/"
76561197977276382,Recommended,247730,8551018,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Om-Warrior,"My son loves survival games, so I decided to take a chance and buy two copies of this game for Christmas.  I was apprehensive about purchasing a Beta game with such mixed reviews but I’m glad that I did.  We really enjoy playing it together plus we’ve added four additional friends and family members to our group.  The atmosphere created by the graphics and sound give the game a very realistic feel.  You really feel like you are sneaking around a post-apocalyptic landscape with danger lurking around every corner. You have to be weary of the monsters as well as other players.  You only start out with a knife so you have to forage in abandoned buildings and subways to find weapons and supplies.  It can be very frustrating to work your way up to a high skill level, with lots of equipment and be shot by a greedy player that ambushes you as you limp into a safe zone, but that adds to the tenseness and realness of the game.  As in life, you don’t know who is friend or foe, although it would be nice if you didn’t lose all of your experience and skills when killed.  There is an option to place your surplus equipment in a global inventory so that it is not lost when you are killed but you do lose all equipment that is on you at the time of your death.  The game is best played with a buddy to watch your back.  If you enjoy a challenging game with a realistic feel then you should give it a try."
,Recommended,247730,8667377,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Mister Deathclaw,I'm impressed with the current changes It was definitely super fun to play again. I would definitely recommend this game and hopefully it keeps getting better!
,Not Recommended,247730,10758020,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,hippowombat,"Frustrations galore! This game is absolutely terrible, been terrible since I bought it back in like February, I come back maybe once a month to see if it's gotten any better, but it never does. Not even worth the $2.99 Steam Summer Sale price. STEER CLEAR!"
,Recommended,247730,9765356,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,FrietMan,"this game is awesome, the games has good update and the recent one is a big one. the map is big and map is still getting bigger. So buy this game and you willl not regret it 10/10 Would bang"
76561198068946917,Not Recommended,247730,12857565,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,EarRape.jped,"The game Currently is full of cheaters, i have to admit tho once i started playing with some friends after a while tho it becaome borring and we stopped. I started playing again and i found my self dead every time i walk out of the so called ""safe zone"" yea not that safe. Also the community it♥♥♥♥♥♥you have nothing on you but the idiots are still gonna kill you its not like day z  were people with good items acually help you out. Any way As a conclusion wait a while to buy the game until hopfully they make it more fair to people just coming in to the world. ( But siriusly the community is worse that league of legends)"
,Not Recommended,247730,14878245,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Pheo,"Don't waste your money, it's dead. I made a huge mistake purchasing this."
,Not Recommended,247730,12972210,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,RAD5002,"To be honest, the premise of this game seemed good. In a world where you need to craft or find weapons, defeat an alarming amount of monsters, complete events and random sudden world events (e.g. Transport a supply cache).However, PvP groups, hackers, bugs, no real progression and limited servers make this game quite honestly a miss. I wouldn't suggest it until a lot of changes are made, if they're ever made."
,Recommended,247730,7719991,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,Bishop,"Absolutely amazing game, although broken as hell. Cant wait till its all fixed up! ^^"
,Not Recommended,247730,10745324,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Baba Yaga,I like how when you load it the mouse doesn't work and you get this mini game of trying to find your mouse pointer after you press CTRL ALT Del
76561198197932028,Recommended,247730,13232565,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Nelo,♥♥♥♥ing gaaaaaay I can't sign in
76561198105318465,Not Recommended,247730,15632161,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Anus Georg,this was one of the first games i bought on steam and it was good back then but now its a ptw and you and 4-8 other people all need to team and pay more just to kill one neather
,Recommended,247730,29986877,Posted: 17 February,all,N!gg3r,"PROS: The idea and graphics are awesome!CONS: If you die once, you loose everything...."
,Recommended,247730,10756504,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Yos12,awesome game hard and challenging
,Not Recommended,247730,23671489,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,squez2002,was an ok game but i get bored playing it now
,Not Recommended,247730,23666543,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,I have no name,DEAD
76561197999634872,Not Recommended,247730,8627009,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Dallas,"This game is really bad.  It's so bad that I will never play it again after originally playing it believing I must be 'missing out' on something in the game.  The map is deceptive, only a small portion of it is playable regardless of progress, the item system is uninspiring, the weapon variety is sad, and the long term playability is absolutely crushed by a lack of any serious gameplay content."
,Recommended,247730,11038789,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Duskthorn,<3
,Recommended,247730,9018737,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,xWyrie,For beinning in beta it has ton of potential.  I find it even better than DayZ
,Not Recommended,247730,8887416,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Bob Saget,"The melee combat is blocky.The Nether enemies ""sense"" you through walls.Ammo and guns are rare and expensive.The only safe areas in the game can get attacked.There is no other way to heal outside of medications.You sprint for the length of an over-weight forty-year-old.Most customizations are money shop.Money is so rare ammo looks common.No private servers.No form of balancing.I hate how people call this an ""MMO"". Atleast MMO's tend to have a system for wasting time that progresses a character. After 4.2hours of play with several friends we were able to scrounge some chips, about 28 shotgun shells, and two rifles with zero ammo for them. The game, despite how enviting the atmosphere and concept, is completely unforgiving. The hot boxes are blocky. The melee combat is a joke as swinging a sword feels empty and I can't tell if the hit connected. The Nether enemies hit like trucks, especially when their movements and patterns are so eratic that them staring the other way counts as a hit to your health. I get that it's beta. In all my years on Steam and then some I have played in alphas and betas alike, but this has got to be some of the most unpolished programming I've seen in a long time.I see with the patch notes from December and Janurary that they may be working hard.But I would honestly wait a good long while before purchasing it. Because as of right now, I feel as though my $20 has been poorly invested."
76561198129119714,Not Recommended,247730,21244078,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Strong Kong,"I know this game looks sorta decent, but it's terrible."
,Not Recommended,247730,10622367,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Sergent F.L,"This game does have some good ideas inside it, but there are huge problems inside, esp the leveling and stuff.You basiclly play for a long time and u meet a player, boom, ur dead and u lose everything, and when i mean everything i mean everything single ♥♥♥♥en thing on you, even ur leveling. Wats the use of playing this game if everything resets to zero when you die, why would i spend hrs in playing this game when i get nothing at the end? IF you can change the leveling and the way u lose everything would be nice. also the monsters just teleport everywhere, u basiclly lose most of ur health at the start when u meet one and all u got is a knife. Also the players just bullies others, u walk on a street and one shot ur dead, they just bully people too much, maybe u can make it into a co op game than a pvp game, it would be nice to make this into a open world co op.i would not recommend this until they actually fix this bullying and leveling problem. I spent lots of money to buy this(yes its more expensive than the price now) i would want a full refund..... at least i got nothing in the game, im still a lv0 guy with a ♥♥♥♥en kitchen knifeI got this game during early access, and it IS one of the few games who had gone of it, Sadly it had a bad metacritic score, and it's what it gets, i even hope it was lower. This game was ♥♥♥♥en expensive when i got it, and now it had reduced it price, i was hoping this go be some fun survival game, like rust back in the days, looks like i was wrong then and now. NEVER GET THIS GAME..."
76561198007023320,Not Recommended,247730,8786345,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,[TBBQ]dp4916,"I researched this game, read the reviews, watched the trailers both game play and vid clip, all seemed very very promising.Warning- For the love of all things holy DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !!!It's graphics even in ultra are rubbish.The game play has a dated feel to it with difficult terrain that you can't interact with.The loot drops are sparse and hard to find.The concept of safe areas are a safe haven from the none stop Nether attacks which are almost impossible to fend off with your starter knife, but why do't these get attacked and over run?I can't believe I parted with money for this rubbish game which belongs in the mid nineties along with Doom (although not as good as Doom).If you want a post Apoc game and don't mind the odd gliche here and there get DayZ stand alone."
,Not Recommended,247730,10804492,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,SmkWed,Not worth it in this current version!.Fix the menu!!! i need to spend 5 min in the menu just to wait for servers to load!!!
76561198060236581,Not Recommended,247730,13949633,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Arkanthos,Vary bad...... not worth the money. Game looks decent but gameplay is leave something much to be desired.3.5 - 5 Graphice1 - 5 Gameplay0 - 5 tutorial
76561198094417528,Recommended,247730,10370665,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Gusser5527,"they have added VAC, so devlopers started caring about their game!! VAC/10"
,Not Recommended,247730,13917550,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Martijn,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game cant even loginforgot my old accountso far this game looks like irl africa simulator pretty sick!@!!@!
76561198169267900,Recommended,247730,13959819,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Rebella37,I think that this game is way better than day z and is amazing value for money!!
76561198067012621,Not Recommended,247730,13891398,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Fuzzy467,"Do not, no matter what anyone says, DO NOT buy this game. it WILL NOT work on 32bit and works about 5% of the time on 64bit... when it did start up i could join not a single server ever at all... i have hours of game time yet not a single second actually playing the game.. ive tried on multiple different computers and even my laptop i use for work and Nether worked on not a single one... this account and computer was my last ditcfh effort to get it running but still didnt work... completely unprofessional and they will not respodn to any of my emails for help. and i cant get refunds. thanks a lot Nether... see you in hell"
,Recommended,247730,13920707,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Flavor Town,"This game is so fun. The only time i dont like it is when I die, buut then i want to play more! honest rating 8.75/10 very good"
,Recommended,247730,10401260,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,YoiLikeOrange,This game requires the maximum level of YOLOs.
76561198035366492,Not Recommended,247730,15411831,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Burning Natsu,"bought this ages ago, still can't get it to work.and I tried 2 different computers.big dissapointment."
,Not Recommended,247730,13935702,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Mother Lover,"Just don't you'll play 2 hrs, and regret it.  Otherwise you know nothing about this games genre.  Everything about it is a lie."
76561197960275370,Not Recommended,247730,10804506,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,dvr,i cant even play the game only in spectato mode. and i dont even see any options ingame+ freezes only in serverlist.
,Not Recommended,247730,10802749,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,griddark,"For me, I had a very bad experience with this game. From the massivly long load time for the servers, to the 3-10minute wait to spawn on a map!Also I'm not sure if the devs are aware, but 64 people isn't considered ""massive multiplayer"" it's only multiplayer at this point.I want to say good things about this game, I just can't with the experience I've had so far. I don't really want to alt-tab out for 5 minutes while the game loads the server list, only to have it take ages to then load me in the game."
76561198087383794,Not Recommended,247730,10364515,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,moralesmaciel,I have just payed for this and it wont let me play!!!! I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!!!!!!
76561198146265371,Recommended,247730,13436199,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,bossgamer123,y the heck wont let me play nether
,Recommended,247730,8360024,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Flake,This is some dope♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,247730,11381642,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Mentalx,"this game is one of fewthere is always stuff to do in ityes there are hackersthere are clans along with the ingame tribes and it goes clans before tribes in neteras for the hackers u will learn who they are and how to avoid themi will give u a heads upany with Dr. in front of there name or GPD most of them are hackers and they are a good portion of the hackers out thereif u want a good clan to join for nether i recomend (NVGC) or (SBG) they are full of good and he;pfull people as long as you are on there sideas for the people who talk about how when they ""fix"" stuff it really just ruins more stuffwell that may be true its usaly something very little and easily ignorablethe only time it was hard was wehn the hit boxes were ruinedbut they were easy to figure out and it got rid of aimbotsthey brought the hit boxes back to normal now thoto be honest this is my favorite game but u have to gie it a chnacebecause most likley when u first play u will hate itmy first 7 hours i hated the game but i wanted my moneys worth cause i got it when it came out and all my friends played itonce u get gear and good with that gear u will be unstoppable. so give it a chance itl grow on u"
,Recommended,247730,10709714,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,god dog,meow
,Not Recommended,247730,9877819,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,The Doctor,I know the game is in beta but the Nether staff SUCKS at fixing errors and problems. I love the game but it doesn't matter if you can't even OPEN it.
76561198120801718,Not Recommended,247730,9887349,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,XXBIBBYSXX,i got this game and its really laggy and my brother cant even create an acount its not a good game and wouldnt recomend it. :D
,Not Recommended,247730,12061695,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,BirkeN,Buy this game for someone you hate
,Recommended,247730,13072752,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Mr. Brunswick,"Nether, in all of it's rights, is an excellent game. It keeps you on your toes, and whilst doing that, blesses you with decent graphics and gameplay. The first thing that hits you upon entering the world of Nether is its setting. Though it is not the first time such a mood was set by other games that focus on such a possible time period, Nether gets it right. Many games like to go post-apocalypse, providing an interesting backdrop for the players...But not quite like this. Usually you can say to yourself, its not the creatures that pose the biggest threat, it is other players....not the case here. It’s a moody, tension-filled setting, providing players much in the way of strong atmosphere, if done right and is allowed to serve its purpose. Unfortunately, not that many games have actually done the setting justice. Game’s like STALKER and Metro most come to mind when thinking of just what titles did just that. As does Nether, thankfully, and this game does a lot to remind players of those aforementioned titles, STALKER in particular.That being said, it has its issues, mainly hardline connection problems, and worst of all, trying to get a password reset. All in all, I think with improvement, it could be bigger than it is right now. I highly recommend it."
76561198146687707,Recommended,247730,13166097,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,levetond,GET IT NOW! This game overall is amazing yet ill give it 9/10 only because there are like 3 servers. Besides that this game is the best game ive got on steam. Again you should really get it.
,Not Recommended,247730,12917883,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Fuenf,Just No!
,Not Recommended,247730,9239651,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Awoowoo,4/10. A dimeadozen of the current DayZ ripoff games out there. It does have potential but it's to much in alpha. Maybe when its a full game I shall reconsider.
,Not Recommended,247730,15883706,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,WUTHAX🇦🇺,Pros: Uninstall button worksCons: Everything else
,Recommended,247730,9958277,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,匚尺ㄩ爪乃,good game
,Not Recommended,247730,11303352,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Mister Josh,"For the first few hours this game is really fun, the game itself is really immersive and fun to explore, but once you get past looking through countless empty buildings and eventully getting ♥♥♥♥ed up by someone who sneaks up to you with a machete and hacks you to death the game is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥No real purpose on the game other than to kill other players, not worth the price in my opinion."
,Recommended,247730,11025139,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,[tk],"Super fun game with creepy and cool alien a.k.a the nether, this game is a free roam survival ''Horror'' game, you may want to play with friends or make a few in-game because you'll need to survive from nether and bandits. In the game their are Safezones where you can buy items, join clans, trade npc's, and be safe but when the reaper (a boss nether) is bloodthirsty he can attack the safezones and destroy the anti nether defences you'll need to repair in order to make it safe again. In random parks loot drops can happen where you can get anything from food to awesome sniper rifles, although you will most likely die in a loot drop on a high populated server because it's almost always a blood bath. 10 out of 10!"
76561198061893859,Recommended,247730,9802993,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Echo_Sonar,"this is a great apocalyptic game, i would buy this game over dayz(another great apocalyptic survival game) because of the multiplayer and/or npc combat as well as the background story of the game. if u havnt got this yet then i dont know whats wrong with u"
76561198106594898,Recommended,247730,14078811,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,grotibaba,"This game was worth buying, and I don't get why people hate on it so much, well, it might have some glitches and other stuff like that it's still very enjoyable."
,Recommended,247730,9185078,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Faun the Crummy Crumb,"I've owned this game since alpha development, and honestly, it's been an amazing ride. The inital game which grabbed everyone's attention was ♥♥♥♥ing INCREDIBLE, even with lack of content in the very early stages. If nothing else, the atmosphere alone could get you balls deep in the game in no time. Every encounter was intense and got your heart beating fast, with both the monsters and other players. However, over time, the game began to fall apart. Glitches and bugs kept sprouting up and no one fixed them, instead opting to add content to the game which was either usesless or you had to pay for, neither of which helped the worsening condition this game was in. In early 2015, I begrudingly put this game down for good. Despite all the negativity, complete abandonment by the developers in what looked like a fast cash grab, and near unplayability due to the amount of bugs and hackers that for some reason still patrolled the wastelands, I still loved this game. I loved what it had been and didn't want to let go. But I did, as we all must do eventually, and left it to rot, as it had been for nearly a year and a half before.But, out of nowhere... the original developers began working on the game again. After they handed it off to another group, it had lay in ruins due to their failures in their attempt to turn this game into some sort of perverted Frankensteins monster game of a cash cow, now the original devs come to pick up to pieces and attempt to make it whole again,.It may take a lot of time to undo the damage that has been done to this game and it's reputation. But I believe that they can do it! After all, they crafted the version of the game all of us who dumped so many hours into loved.They can do this. Nether will live again, I'm sure of it.Here's to all the good times, and hopefully many more. Cheers, you cheeky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
76561197988751386,Recommended,247730,27522921,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,China #1,a great horror game
76561198067100134,Not Recommended,247730,10401722,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Zeph Galaxy,SO BAD
76561198062665750,Not Recommended,247730,12932678,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Slashed Animal,wont let me freakin login i really wanted to play this game but it keeps saying that my steam acount is already linked to another persons acount so i cant even play thanks to some freakin idiot and i cant even play so why could i say anything positive if i  just bought the game and  my acount is already linked to some one elses nether 0/10  sucks
76561197970805235,Not Recommended,247730,12973133,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,[GB]BULLDOG,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!! CANNOT CREATE ACCOUNT AFTER BUYING AND STEAM OFFERS ZERO SUPPORT!!!! SAVE YOUR MONEY - thats 2 hours of my like and 11 quid wasted!! Cheers steam!!!! Crock!
,Recommended,247730,9089083,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,LilYeet,"Verry nether, much teleport. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,247730,10420480,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Oh Hi,"I only have played the early access game and the game, I thought, had a chance to be good but as they updated the ealry access the game didn not get any better. They had a good idea and a great city, Chicago, to base a game off of, but they failed badly. Some reasons are1. The safezone would be enabled and disabled ramdomly. Which was dumb because AFK's who were only gone for a second would be killed and had no way to defend themselves.2. I was impossible to find loot and when you find one it was most likely locked.3. Kids on the servers were♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Me and a couple of friends would leave the safezone and get killed within seconds by some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with a gun when we only had knifes.4. I was basicly imposible to survive at the beginning of the game when you only had a knife to defend yourself from the nether."
76561198049130969,Not Recommended,247730,10786302,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Eatdounts,server loading time is♥♥♥♥♥♥dont buy.\_(*^*)_/
76561197970079849,Not Recommended,247730,10393274,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,I_V_I,"I'm playing a lot of early access games and betas and what not, however this is just as redicolous like The War Z, which I abandoned a long time ago for its own horrible and similar reasons. I thought i would give this one a try... trust is the word and usually u get what there is to expect... but all there is to do in this case - pay- download - uninstall because your not able to create a ""2nd"" account XD yes in fact it seems  steam is not enough in order to play it... Last words KEEP YOUR HANDs OFF THIS!Edit: When u get to play it finally, it's simple put: just  Crap... (assembled in a hostile environment, KOS and some mobs; great visually executed sh!t stays all the way sh!t)"
76561198042343552,Not Recommended,247730,10902701,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,TOMOIAN74,been waiting for 5 days now to play game problem with nether not linking to steam so cant give a review
76561198086110363,Not Recommended,247730,10481552,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Hazardous,"Nether might just be the most horrible game that I've ever bought.Luring the innocent buyer in with promises of a sandbox-like environment, which is controlled mostly by those who occupy it, it shatters every such promise with its horrible performance.Graphics are glitchy and not at all impressive. Clipping problems are common, despite it being an allegedly 'finished product'. Gameplay-wise this game posesses many problems and bugs, which I am not going to expand upon in this review.Servers crashing, lags aplenty and nonsensical AI are all parts of what makes this game a complete waste of money.I've bought this game a couple of months ago, with the hope that many of the problems that were known to be in its Beta phase would be fixed by the time the game officialy launched. However, my hopes have been in vain, for this game is still no more than a piece of broken, unprofessional mess.I do hope that this review would help somebody reconsider buying this poor excuse for a game, and warn some people of this money-grabbing trap that is 'Nether'."
,Not Recommended,247730,9910140,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,NexMortis,"So far a complete waste of money and time with no game play what so ever. I am very disgusted with the zero response from anyone that can help via email or phone. This game wasted three hours of my time and fifteen dollars. there are so many complaints in the forums that I wish I had read the forum posts before I wasted my time and money on the broken game like so many before me. Great Game? Not even close, it would have to be playable first!"
76561198022457428,Recommended,247730,9967312,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,TwiztedREVERB,i seem to be enjoying myself
76561198004903811,Recommended,247730,9978402,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Obtite,this is the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bugged client i ever tried! i want a refound!
,Not Recommended,247730,9995774,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,MarSprite,"Bought game, Installed, Opened, Made account for game in launcher, Put in login details, am told my account isn't linked to steam. Hours later, much searching, No soloution. WOULD NOT RECCOMEND."
76561198019512832,Not Recommended,247730,10007682,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Stern,"dont bother with this game, was completely unable to login or registar. waste of money and time"
,Not Recommended,247730,11053576,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Sergaz,"First of all it is very alike to ""Survivor Stories"" aka. ""WarZ"".The UI looks similiar.The Economy is simliar and so is the ingame market.Pay for cash currency and ingame obtainable currency can be traded for items  in a ""safe zone"" in both or either currency near a global inventory market stall.You can buy consumables, backpacks, vanity items and melee weapons, after purchase they get deployed in your current character's inventory.You start with a server list.After joining a server with max. 64 players you can choose your character's appeareance,some appearences require gold obtained with real money.Then you can choose to spawn in the world or you can spawn inside a safezone.You start off with a knife and a box, which you can turn in inside a designated safe zone or outpost at a specific market stall's NPC.For turning in the boxes you get experience, ingame cash and/or items.These boxes can be obtained inside those outposts, they have abbreviations like WTO to WTM,which indicates where the packages is obtained and where it needs to go.Inside the safe zone, you can turn items found or given by delivery assignments into various weapons, some ""junk"" items can be exchanged into ingame currency, if you have enough of those items, if not store them in your global inventory for later.The crafting system is simple. It's more like a turn in quest, you have item x + y + z, you can craft the ""can gun"" which fires shotgun rounds.Outside the safezones it's very likely to be shot, chopped, stabbed or clubbed to death by other players.Istead of zombies in ""Survivor Storries"" aka ""WarZ"" you get to fight different kind of monsters, apparently called ""Nethers"",so far I encountered two types, first one attaks you via melee attacks and teleports around, the second one uses some kind of ooze on you and teleports around, both are easily killed and drop tongues, spines, vials of blood, skin and other entrails.After death you loose your character's experience, but you get to keep your money, most of it, but your inventory is lost, except for mission items, I don't know though,if vanity items or backpacks will be lost.Loot is distributed by either containers or items direcly, in the case of containers you have to ""open"" it and then various items appear around the said container, then you just need to pick them up.The game currently seems to be in some stage of early developement, but the level design is seems to be quite good and fitting for a post apocalyptic game, except for the largly scaled doors and ceilings, some things make less sense like the lights of emergency vehicles and traffic lights are always on even though the power supply should be dead by now.Performance wise I didn't have any issues.I haven't seen any warping or lagging players. The graphics don't seem up to par with other current gametitles, but seems to be in the upper range with simliar games of this genre.Gunplay and Meleeplay is simliar to older titles (Half-Life), bullets hit targets immdiatly, fly straight lines in a fire duration dependant cone of fire.Melee weapons hit when the animation is finished and when the target is in range.Currently I won't recommend to anyone in buying this game, either turn away forever or you wait for it to be more polished.We'll see what they'll make with this game."
76561198096218066,Not Recommended,247730,11552640,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Solid Snek,Do not buy this game. It is impossible to access and is a waste of money. Buy DAYZ instead.
76561198125250528,Not Recommended,247730,11564206,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,V.G.M,I REALY HATE IT I NEVER GOT TO EVEN GET TO PLAY IT AND I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!
76561198079328155,Recommended,247730,10897681,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Horseduck™,Its probably a very good game but the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ developers made it ONLY and ONLY to 64 bit computers.
,Not Recommended,247730,13215456,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,BBJ,Hacks/Bugs/PayToWin. Welcome to Nether.
76561198095906415,Not Recommended,247730,13206943,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,DeadPool,this game is ok if u like a game with no action and with many bugs that could crash your game after finding somthing good then be my guest
,Not Recommended,247730,12946482,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,aids,"cant believe i spent 3 bucks on this pice fo ahoirhaseoirtaashdo;asherjtbulan mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.,/k,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,"
,Not Recommended,247730,17711745,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,ArchMadman,"Don't waste your money, the pop is pretty much gone and the devs have abandoned the game which means this game will pretty much no longer get anymore updates or fixes, save your money, most of my hours was when it was in beta stages."
,Not Recommended,247730,16897999,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,AstroGunner,"2/10 Bought this early 2014 to play with friends. It was a little rough at first and with updates that only seemed to help the hardcore snipers and campers, I quit for a while. I recently noticed the PVE server launch and tried to relog to see how that was going. Go to login, apparently my password is wrong. Okay, I'll just use the Forgotten Password link and- oh, what? The link led me to a page that cannot be found? Hmm. What does the community have to say? ""DEAD DEAD NO SUPPORT DEAD DON'T BUY DEAD.""Sounds pretty accurate to me. Despite my early hardships, I had hope that this game would grow and become great for all kinds of gamers from the scavengers to the snipers and even the casuals. Lolnope, the devs have abandoned it and I can't even enjoy staring at the broken server screen after the game crashes like some of the other players."
,Not Recommended,247730,17073693,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Kypros,♥♥♥♥♥ I can't even make a login.
76561198151851825,Not Recommended,247730,17564359,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Heavens,bought the game on my old laptop was slow. bought a pc redownloaded it cant play it. launcher missing ordinal 2595.If you have any info on how to fix this plz comment or message me!
,Not Recommended,247730,17578609,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,ThisIsK4t,This is game is terrible. I haven't even been able to play it. The log in won't even let me in. I have tried to get my password from the site but I never got the email. The support page isn't even there. From what I read it's a terrible game as it is. It looks amazing but turns out it's not.
76561198058018983,Not Recommended,247730,17746484,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,SmellyAlmond,this game is trash i paid however much for it and the developers havent done anything to improve it its trash
76561197968173607,Not Recommended,247730,17902321,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,MrJabber,"This game would have been good with lots and lots of more work. It's dead now (and I MEAN DEAD!!! HACKERS NO PLAYERS NO SERVERS!!!!) for about 1,5 years.I am just writing this right now so nobody forgets what a steaming piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game developer team is:- Bugs bugs bugs with no fixing EVER.- No balancing.- Hackers without any consequence. There was a comunity made site to write down all the hackers with video evidence. Nothing happened of course.- They set a very very fast plan in motion to get the last bucks out of the game for nothing, then they left.- ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ players.- No further development half a year after release.- Hackers (about 20% each server btw).- Horrible interface.- Hackers.- Russians... a lot of them. Nuff said.- Russian hackers.- Russian devs.- Devs.- Probably hacking devs... from Russia.- Not giving me money for playing this piece of solid diaria."
,Recommended,247730,10728416,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Kosmos,The best game i ever played. I am really happy that I spent 3 euro for this !!!!
,Recommended,247730,9842646,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,c³,Nether is one of the prettiest games I have ever seen. This game is a very good Free Roam FPS survival game.
76561198119590882,Not Recommended,247730,15973050,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Super Jew,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\....this game sux"
,Not Recommended,247730,29778033,Posted: 8 February,all,S.T,Dropped $20 for this when it first came out. Looking back on it...the worst $20 I've ever spent period. I would rather have bought a box of alkaseltzer and dropped every tab into one glass of water and drink it for less than half the price I payed for this game......
,Recommended,247730,21695458,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,[GR]Moonman,>trying to leave city>come across ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ dragon>no guns just swords>start laughing at him cause hes stuck>we decide to keep going>he sees us and attacks>ohshit.png>we hide in train>he breaths fire through walls>is ded10/10 would get killed by ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ dragon again
76561197964219702,Not Recommended,247730,8955462,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,SSgt. R. Grenoble [1st MRB],Bad
76561198035650648,Recommended,247730,8334040,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,$DemonDaddy77$,"A hardcore survival horror game. Invovling tough, scary mutaints, rewarding loot drops, perks and post-apocalyptic environment. This game makes you feel like one of the last remaining humans. BUT BEWARE: if your character dies, you create a new one. NO chance of retriving the old one. SO MAKE EVERY ACTION A GOOD ONE."
76561198092743071,Not Recommended,247730,14464949,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,<Scrubberz>,I'd rather staple my left testisack to a bears paw and watch it try to slap it off while i furiously masturbate with a cheese grater than play this for another 12 seconds.
,Not Recommended,247730,16149149,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Badaeus,"Even more toxic community than League of Legends, which is saying a lot. Extreme pay to win. Pay-to-win players just camp outside main cities and slaughter people. It's impossible to progress and the developers have quit working on the game."
,Not Recommended,247730,17466721,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Goblin,honestly we just need to stop buying early access games this keeps happening
,Not Recommended,247730,13357072,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Murphy,"Please, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! I bought this game around the time it first came out, and it was bad then. I came back today, only to find that it's still absolute garbage. I'm warning you, do not buy this piece of crap. You are wasting your money. Go buy a meal at Taco Bell with the money you were going to spend on this game. You will be much happier."
76561198149027747,Not Recommended,247730,24588404,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Enforcer,this game sucks
,Not Recommended,247730,10895292,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,REX▪VARIEGATVM,"detroit simulator without KFC, grape drank or watermelon"
76561197978423729,Not Recommended,247730,10707619,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Floyd ^A^,"THIS GAME WILL NOT EVEN LET YOU LOG IN!!!!!Create an account and the page just sits there.I went to the official site and tried to create the account therebut it said this account already exists. I clicked on ""send me my info""and it said e-mail sent but there is no e-mail sent. I supplied the correct e-mailaddress so that is not the problem. No info that the server is down or warningsof any kind means this is blatant fraud."
76561198012683073,Not Recommended,247730,9213007,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,DemonhunterCXV (City B O I),"Don't get this game. It is full of bugs with steam, and you have to do 1000000 things to PROBABLY get it to work. I have got 4 hours in this, and its all spent trying to get it to work, which still hasn't worked."
76561198119781328,Not Recommended,247730,24006155,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,STRAIGHT OUTTA FLAVOURTOWN,"Yet another title thrown into the ever growing pile of early access survival games. This game has had some ups and downs in its development, but now it has reached its final low. There is no longer any reason to buy this game, however cheap it may get. Rest in peace Nether."
76561198009358635,Recommended,247730,7665972,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Mr. Satan Butterwolf,"Don't buy this unless you like a DayZ rehash that's already ruined by the same pointless player killers that ruined DayZ.  It's already devolved into a waste of time dominated by kids who have no interest in a survial game, but just in ruining it for other folks.  I wish I hadn't paid 30 bucks for it since I doubt I'll bother playing it again."
76561198033320258,Recommended,247730,9049474,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Captain Shark,this game is awesome just dont rage if u die
,Not Recommended,247730,12515587,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Chef Fuckhead,"I think what pisses me of the most in this game are the ♥♥♥♥ing people. You'll spawn in a safezone (which isn't always safe) or in the world. I spawned in the world, and had the wonderous pleasure of finding some intresting things. I got to a safezone, and sold them. this has happened twice. the first time, Nether broke throught the barriers and killed me, the second time I leveled up to level 16, thanks to selling, left the safezone and was immediatly shot. So I made a new charater, and was shot. This happend 6 times. 2 of those were in a row, in the same spot. So, thank you Nether, for creating a wonderous dream that took from me $10 and 5 hours of my life."
,Not Recommended,247730,12543973,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,t0m@t0e,I can't even start this♥♥♥♥♥♥up!...I bought this because there are beautiful mutants.
76561198125253825,Not Recommended,247730,12570311,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,HolyPriestKane,"........ peace of S%@$! i hate this game i should of payed attention to the to the reviews. How do i get my money back or can i swap it for arma 2 id love that. this game 10/10 no fun dont buy, the  only person that plays it now is my little bro, i wouldnt waste my time with it but if you are looking for a quick monster shooter and illing everyone game with a friend or two then this is the game foe you while you do the missions and collect your loot watch  out for the nether thy well kill you on site.... scratch that i meant the first person you meet out of the safe zone will kill you with out a doubt  beause the chat system is crap very crap and no one seems to try and be your friend, warning dont buy this game is awfull"
,Not Recommended,247730,12741858,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,NCSwolfDC,"Terrible game bought gold keys, got killed by speed hacker lost keys.  So yeah don't bother with this game isn't worth the money"
,Recommended,247730,8926508,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Dr.Felthersnatch,this game sucks to even try to play this
76561197973815205,Recommended,247730,8965484,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Jake9123,"This game is obveously still in the early stages but it is very challenging and addicting. Take some similar games like: Infestation: Survivor Stories (warz), DayZ, and even Rust... those games are all mostly in very open terrain and feature small urban areas, while this game is completely urban, which makes it much more challening. Every room and doorway could be your last becuse a bandit could very well be on the otherside. and beside players you have terrifying alian creatures to hide from and sneak arround. Im defiantly excited to see where this game goes and for only $15 you cant go wrong!"
76561198088696925,Recommended,247730,8988455,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Barry Fuckle,made my willy wet 10/10
,Not Recommended,247730,12503271,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,cLOWn,"I used to believe lies, like Santa and the Easter Bunny, but the biggest lie I have ever been told, is that this game works. It is bad. 1000000/1000000 on the bad scaleNEW: ITs been a year, and now it works yay"
76561198002622608,Not Recommended,247730,12600476,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Mikefluence,Nether is in a long list of survival crafting games that are all trying to be adult versions of Minecraft.  I had high hopes that this game would be a long survival where little victories would propel me to bigger and better leveling up.  Nether falls short of this when every character starts at 0 and with a kitchen knife.  Want to get more?  Try not getting killed by one of the jerk players that somehow has a gun.  The game's frustrating crawl back to zero with every respawn means that the game is not worth investing in.  It is too slow for those looking for a challenge and you never feel like you are getting anywhere when you die.
,Not Recommended,247730,12604770,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Yakkity Yak,"Sadly, the potential in this game was so overwhelmingly great that it was all i wanted at the time in a game. Something different but still with survival qualities.. I say sadly because since the beginning of the game the devs have, unfortunately, kept releasing ""patches"" that have slowly ruined the game. Hackers have literally taken over this game... I do not recommend this game, unless drastic changes are made."
,Not Recommended,247730,12606472,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,PΞCKO,"I love the game, BUT I've never played. Reason why is because you have to always link up with your Mber, Wtf is that anyway. Maybe if they would remove that it be good, but for now. I'm just going to leave a bad review"
76561198012542675,Not Recommended,247730,12731861,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Vahan6,"Not worth of buy... Totaly crap, WARZ IS BETTER YES!  Map is full of bugs, you can go trought walls and trees... Map is small, graphic looks like a♥♥♥♥♥♥! You can expect only small updates, THEY DONT CARE ABOUT THIS GAME..."
76561198116658433,Not Recommended,247730,12865699,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Konomonok,I bought this game and i can't play it D:
76561198064602042,Recommended,247730,17056664,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Billy Rising,"I had to google how to re write my review.. Because this game is now worthy of buying.. Nether: Resurrected is DayZ + Fallout.Since it has been put under new management the game has come farther in 2 weeks than it did in 8 months with the old team.. Updated regularly and the lead dev is very forthcoming about the truth of his devolopment path and progress.its eventful for each minute your playing no running through the forrest for a half hour getting bored trying to find people.. Theres missions you can do that really keep you busy, and keep the server flowing and its got everyone doing something. no point in camping when you can be making money doing missions, more money more guns more ammo. More bank.Has a level system as well that i really enjoy, when you die your reset to level 1 so it addes quite the death penalty and makes the fully gear vets run when you return fire.The game needs work, but its all there, A bit of polishing and this could be a game that could stand up for years...I love the DayZ genre but all the games like it are dying off, and going back to the old ones brings back all the boring running through the forrest memories.. This game is the light in the dark for the pure survival genre."
,Not Recommended,247730,12596905,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Teddy Bear,Incredibly buggy and not a lot of content. Would not recommend this to anyone ever.
,Not Recommended,247730,12744911,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Slick 6th,"bad, just bad.save your money and you will be happy to spend it wisely on toilet roll."
,Not Recommended,247730,12687486,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,[T.tv]Ohsnapkline09,bad game is bad
,Recommended,247730,19191795,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,ZkyBox,10/10 Game You need to buy it
,Not Recommended,247730,22716823,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,jarredbcv,This is garbo it lags and the zombies are like 1 hit ko bro not even fair
,Recommended,247730,10522525,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,NepNep,This is an amazingly fun game
,Not Recommended,247730,10533513,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Someguywhoplaysgames,"Have you ever been invited to a club by one of your friends, and they swear its really cool and awesome and better then that other really awesome club everyone is going to, then when you get there, its mind numbingly boring AND you have to pay to get in? Stirophome cups, unconfortable chairs, that one guy that goes on about how awesome his cat it, it he banging his cat? And what kind of name is Ned? Yeah, ♥♥♥♥ you Ned, no one gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥and you are one letter away from your name being called ""Nerd"". That's what this game was like, it was boring and brought nothing to the table, and it had a huge ""WE ARE BETTER THEN DAYZ PLZ BUY OUR GAME :P"" attitude to it that i can't stand. If all your fans can say about your game is ""its better than dayz"" then there's a problem."
,Recommended,247730,10676330,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,HOLY FUCK DAD,"First off, i dont understand how people are giving negative reviews on this game. After playing it only 10 min i was drawn in. It is an open world with monsters (nether) and people. The people in this game are alot like DayZ. This game is dayZ without 3rd person and rubberbanding and dsync. The gunplay is outstanding and the graphics are 10/10. You're missing a gem if you pass this game up."
,Not Recommended,247730,22419376,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,SomeboodyEpic,pay to win basicly
76561197976805286,Recommended,247730,21448840,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,[Ch4news.team]HugoStiglitz,"The other day i found a NooB lost in the city,,, i tried to get his attention,,, give him a gun, some food, and a med kit,,, help a fella out,, he proceed to ignore me and ran at a nether with basically a stick...i sat back and waited for the nether to kill him,, with 4 bullets took out the nether and took his loot,,,having only broMAX energy and a bag of chips i decided to waste them and pound back both energy drinks and left the chips on the ground...thanks for the broMAX bro"
,Recommended,247730,8351609,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Ultimate badass,"It is a fun game if you do not mind dying often! It is an awesome survival game, although it does have some rough edges it provides one hell of an experiance if you are in to a DayZ type of game but it is always best to remember that this game is still in beta so there are constant improvements being made and in some cases it needs them."
,Recommended,247730,8444671,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,ItsMcDoodly,"To play this game you MUST be patient and understanding that it is an early access game and it is almost garenteed you will run into bugs/technical difficulties. With that said I have nothing but enjoyed the game, it is scary and exciting attempting to survive  the monster and players. Creating alliances, fighting thieves (other players out for blood), and somehow defeating a FREAKING GOLEM with teamwork and lots of scavanged supplies. This game will keep you on your toes with every step."
76561198012292095,Recommended,247730,8541907,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,zac,Great game for it's development stage.  Highly recommended and having a blast playing.
76561197988331584,Recommended,247730,8771370,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,natb1*BK*,"this is a really fun game (with friends mostly) if you like Warz or Dayz, you should enjoy this game"
76561198084666711,Recommended,247730,8292676,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,JavonTheCreator,"Great Game I Reccomend It To You Its Not Very Graphical Demanding There Are Some Bugs With Making Your Profile But Its Otherwise A Great Game You Can Fight , Steal  , Kill , Multiplayer . And All Of That Stuff Hope You Get This Game Its 16$ Currently For The Sale :D Go Check Out Nether. Also The Orriginal Price For Nether Is 20$ With Tax i Belive Even Though The Game Stilll Is In Its Beta Version Still Its A Great Fun Amazing Overall Game Goo Check It Out Now ! ."
76561198097450244,Recommended,247730,8540990,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,ReadEMnWeep,"WARNING! Do not buy believer or chosen packages if you think the gold you get with the game can actually be used to buy something useful in-game. If you think a mask or hat is worth the gold then by all means go for it, but this isn't warz and you can't buy your way through the game. The game is great though I'm not taking anything away from that, support these developers and buy watcher if you don't want the other perks in the upgraded versions. I just think they should tell you what you can use the gold for in plain sight.Side note: Haters gona hate so people who ***** about being able to buy ammo and melee weapons with gold are just cheap and don't want to fork out the extra cash, imo if I invested more of my money to the developers then I should get better perks than you.... jus sayin...."
,Recommended,247730,8666346,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,BananaMan!,Nether is a really fun game that rivals Dayz. Have fun looting other peoples stuff when you kill them! :)
76561198012519360,Recommended,247730,8229543,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Lincoln's sphere,Verry nice
,Recommended,247730,8672965,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Jason 5K,♥♥♥♥♥es be crazy.
76561198044222432,Recommended,247730,8689191,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,mrbonefish,"After many hours of trying to get this game to work, I finally got it to. I have to say, it was worth it. This game immerses you in its dark and twisted world. Even if you die, you feel as if you most go back for more. Definitely worth the buy."
,Not Recommended,247730,28479278,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,DolphinFodder,"""Resurrected""... Funny joke. The Devs have abandoned this game and it its playerbase is dead. Its a shame to say this as I had high hopes for this game due to it having massive potential back in 2014 and it's setting being so interesting. R.I.P Nether."
,Not Recommended,247730,29424516,Posted: 22 January,all,IngNor,$HlT
,Not Recommended,247730,29684759,Posted: 3 February,all,Screaming Jazz,absolute ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ If Takedown: Red Saber didn't exist this would be the worst came I've ever played.
,Not Recommended,247730,28856563,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Saul,I bought this game when it was 60 dollars and it is sad to me that this game has ripped me off
,Not Recommended,247730,28916794,Posted: 1 January,all,Blood_Pickle,"I got one of the special edition packages while it was in early access. It was alright for the few weeks I had it while it was alive. I wish the devs werent so awful. the game had potential but they ruined it and i havent seen anything from the codes and such they promised would ""make things right"""
76561197990200203,Not Recommended,247730,29192162,Posted: 11 January,all,kENzY,This game ruined my life 9/11
,Not Recommended,247730,29474857,Posted: 24 January,all,Aimeryc,UNPOPULAR♥♥♥♥♥graphics + mechanics
76561198184270541,Not Recommended,247730,29523358,Posted: 27 January,all,Niox,i wish i didnt buy this game they'res no serves at all and it would seem like the old nether was actually ALOT BETTER
,Not Recommended,247730,29614437,Posted: 31 January,all,Dan Mao's Dog,"its been boring since beta, nothing has really been added during the development"
76561198043023798,Not Recommended,247730,29635553,Posted: 1 February,all,Phink,"Bought this game when it was like $20, Only regret till this very day. Last time i purchase a steam game without looking up reviews for it."
,Recommended,247730,8980936,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,N1TRAM92,I strongly recommend this game. It's alot of fun to play and the other players that i have played with (So far) Have been nice and we help eachother out etc. It is very active in updates and so far i haven't come along any major glitches. The only one that annoys me is when i am getting chassed by a crawler and i end up near a wall and they teleport into the wall and can hit me and i can't hit them or defend myself.. But hopefully with the latest update it may have been fixed.Some people compare this to DayZ.. But in actual fact they are not really anything a like apart from survival. I have so much fun playing this game and i will for some time. I rate it a 9.5/10 just purely because you have so much freedom and when you learn how to play and how everything works. You will no doubt dominate anything that stands in your way.
76561197985271752,Not Recommended,247730,9877763,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,3BowlsDeep,FIX YOUR STEAM SYNC!!!! It would be great if I could play the game I BOUGHT!
,Not Recommended,247730,10726482,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,mr lu,SAVE YOUR MONEYYOU HAVE TO MAKE AN ACOUNT WITH THEM THAT WONT LET YOU------- MAKING THE GAME UNPLAYABLEJUNK TITLE
,Recommended,247730,8899001,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Nik0lai,"To play Nether you need a higher quality computer. but the games atmosphere is great, the monsters look stunning, and you have to remember that the game is early access. I understand that many people are angry at the strong PVP ability, but again its early access so there still open to suggestions, so send a message there way and maybe they could change it."
,Not Recommended,247730,13514125,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Farb,"I really wanted to like this game. I really did... But it is SO BAD! It just sucks so much. And I am an easily impressed person, It takes a LOT to get me to hate something... but this is the #1 worst game I own. It is not worth your money even if it is on sale. It is not even worth that much."
,Not Recommended,247730,8460920,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Peen,"I really used to love the game, but the developers switched hands and the new ones just abandoned it. The game is virtually unplayable. Don't buy. These developers are awful and have not fixed the game. They don't seem to have any plans to fix the game, either."
,Not Recommended,247730,33405316,Posted: 9 July,all,JohnovaBEAST,"This game used to be decent, however now, it is an absolute pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ No one plays it, there's no updates for bugs or anything, graphics are worse than 7 days to die and theres just nothing good about it. Loot is the hardest thing to find; all I ever bloody found was sewing kits and bleach. Wish i could drink it the it would be a solid 10 from me. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IT IS A WASTE OF MONEY. GO BUY GMOD OR SOMETHING GOOD. THE DEVS ARE♥♥♥♥♥♥♥FOR DISCONTINUING A GAME THAT ONCE HAD POTENTIAL!"
76561198045717508,Not Recommended,247730,9614890,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Dremaus1911,i have one thing to sayLET IT LINK WITH STEAMget this to them please
76561198070058427,Not Recommended,247730,11749722,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,martyn.stanger,"I have only played Nether for about 15 minutes so far but I can see why so many people have been disapointed with this game in it's development stage, like I said, 15 mins and I managed to be killed by other players 13 times!  I play my fair share of FPS and horror survival games so it's not like I'm new to playing against paid to win or lvl 99ers who love to pick off fresh meat but this game has a new level of dark room dwellers that don't seem to want this game to succeed.You start with a knife so that means you have absolutley zero chance of getting anywhere on your own, I'm guessing these stalkers play in small groups to pick off others.Didn't even see a ""Nether"", only saw dark walls, dark grass and a red splat as some ar*e shot me from behind...again...then sits on my dead face.  At this point I am taking a break from Nether until I forget how much I spent on it!I will be giving this game a chance and adding to this review but for anyone that is unsure about this game I'd say wait untill the dev sets up a few begginer servers, I'd settle for a server that had players wanting to play instead of using it as a Call of Duty death match!And don't bother buying the version with gold coins as I did, I'm not sure if I want to spend them seeing as I get 30 seconds game time and if it's as true to survival horror as it makes out I'll lose everything I buy. As for the free time codes I was given, From my in-game experience I really can't give them to my friends as I know they won't enjoy the game or they'd give me a slap for wasting their time/bandwidth.To be continued..."
,Recommended,247730,8461606,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,"Hǟɮɨɮ, Mʊɖɖ Bǟɮʏ",Gameplay has been solid and as advertised - syncing issues are a problem but will be fixed and shouldn't deter you from checking this out.
,Recommended,247730,8540955,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,robie,RoonSkape fps edition. Pking all day long. All this game needs is some ancient magiks and mabey some cursed prayers and it would be 10/10.
,Recommended,247730,8627780,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Mythic,"Needs improvement, but is fantastic. Just ""Keep Calm and Kill Campers""."
,Recommended,247730,8735857,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Malc-Harper,Damn ♥♥♥♥♥h i made it to level two and got shot.♥♥♥♥♥♥real out here in the hood.
76561198079680646,Recommended,247730,8770280,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Seddonox,"A fully enjoyable game. Nether expresses a dark, cold and unforgiving world where no one is your friend, looking out for number one is the primary objective. That isn't to say that having a friend isn't helpful, objects and ammo can be easly shared. Having someone to have your back could just save your life.Nether uses a fun and exciting combination of survival horror, PVP, role playing and fear. Dont get caught out at night! One minuet you may be searching for supplys in a crashed chopper then you may be caught up in a fire fight against a group of players when suddenly a groupof mutants attack leaving you ingured and alone. It's unrelenting and will not forgive mistakes. Gameplay is fast, free and fun. My only crtisisms of the game are of the water bar which means It is increadbly effective at killing the player if empty which can happen a lot as water is so rare and expencive. I understand it implys a certain amount of realism to the game but makes it exceptionallt annoying when I have a decent amount of stuff but I'm loosing 1 hp a second as I havent found any water and havent the money to buy any! But other than that this game meets my approval and is very fun.I look forward to the finished product!"
,Recommended,247730,7892072,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Fr0 Mo,"This game is only in the beta and I already like it better than dayz. Simple controls simple task, survive in a more urban setting. If you liked dayz or the warz(infestation stores) you'll love this game seeing as the urban setting is quite a nice shift from the ever expanding wilderness of the two previous games I mentioned. To me it's like the dayz mixed with STALKER. and its only going to get better from here."
,Recommended,247730,8392608,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,k u n g  p a o,10/10 game. much more fun with friends but going solo has its merit...scared me right off the bat with some shrieking and I learned what the Nether were. constant updating and they are adding a bunch more. pick up this game now
,Recommended,247730,8418743,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,:>,"For a Beta this is really fun, yes its alot of bugs, but its playable, and they update all the time, this will be a good game, Its really fun with friends!"
76561198093894557,Recommended,247730,8492282,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,McNUGGETS,this game is frickin awsome and better with a friend so get it and make your friends get it. Just try to take a break every once and a while
,Recommended,247730,8602929,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Dobralov,"Currently in beta, but nonetheless a very frustrating experience to anyone that's not a griefer. This game's mechanics attract the stereotypical underendowed griefer with an overdeveloped desire to lengthen his digital member. Camp, camp, and more camp. Players usually camp the safezone entrances and the major approaches. If there's an attack on a safezone and you GOD FORBID decide to go try to repel it, players will backstab you as you try to fight back the nether.HUGE death penalty--you lose all experience and anything you're carrying when you die. That wouldn't be so bad and might even make for a tense game if it weren't for the juvenile behavior of the majority of the game's players. It's the same internet jacktarddery we've all seen before--""you're a ♥♥♥♥♥♥,"" ""your mom is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥,"" and a host of your favorite racial slurs.I don't know--maybe I'm just not cut out for a game that actually rewards griefers and gives absolutely no incentive to work together. I don't see much PvP ""skill,"" unless you count camping a spot a skill. If you do, then you are also the kind of person that thinks putting out some bait for a deer so you can shoot it when it comes to feed is ""hunting.""Still, I feel absurdly compelled to keep playing. The tension of exploring the countryside is undeniably fun and addictive, and I get a fun rush every time I find a decent weapon or vital supplies (food, meds).One thing I'd recommend to derail the safezone camping: invulnerably timers. Give players leaving the safe-zone a ten second invulnerability timer to discourage cowardly opportunists. As is, you receive the ""you are exiting the safe zone warning"" right as you leave it. Also, improve the damn map to show EXACTLY where the safe zone begins and ends--don't make me guess.Again, this game is in beta, so I'm going to recommend it to those with enough willpower to weather the God-awful community. I have found some helpful and cool people online, but the negative experiences tend to displace the positive because they are so F**KING AWFUL. In the meantime, I'll keep playing, probably becoming the kind of cowardly camping ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I hate just so I can feel avenged."
,Recommended,247730,8671325,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,RonaldMcFondles,Either die a pedestrian or live long enough to become a pedestrian serial killer.
76561198119026709,Not Recommended,247730,13355680,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Berd,"I spawned in, good graphics, decent control scheme, nice sounds, interesting and unique enemy mechanic... HORRIBLE COMMUNITY!!! Like most survival games, it didn't take long for me to find other players. Not one word was said, but I took a bullet to the head. After this, I played again on a new server. I spawned in, left the safe area, got shot in the head. Sick of this, I tried a new tacti. I spawned in the world and not in a safe area and went to loot. I didn't find more than a bag of ""Crunchy Bens"" Before a man with heavy armor, and a katana came and stabbed me to death in two hits. Great premise and design for a game, and really quite fun. But the community ruins the experience."
,Not Recommended,247730,14313069,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Abassimozz,This game is worse than starting your day with a diarrhea
,Not Recommended,247730,11046548,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Cronus,"this game very much feels like an alpha, felt like i had no purpose other than walk around and shoot random very bugging bad A.I mobs that a simple side step would keep at bay while killing them with a single shot pistol which needs to reload after every shot."
76561198088315993,Not Recommended,247730,11194753,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,︻芫══---™Keok-Pro 90,laggy as hell and this is coming from a guy with a pc that cost him £69 hehe more like £869
,Recommended,247730,9388080,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Aine School Girl,"I have played Nether for about 12 hours now and I think this game is amazing and worth way more than 15 dollars. Many of the things that people complain about have either been fixed or not even a problem from what I've played in the game.-Item Spawning:I have played on many servers and only once have I starved to death. It really depends on your specific server. On some servers, yes I have had a very difficult time finding any items at all, but on others I spawn in and instantly have some BroMax, Crunchy Bens, water, guns, bandages, you name it. Almost any gas station I go in there is usually loads of food and supplies. Only a couple servers have yeilded very limited supplies.-Community/Player InteractionThis is the main downside of Nether because finding an enemy often means finding death. Although more times than I have been killed, I find another player and I type in the chat ""Friend"". We then go on to not kill eachother and sometimes even give eachother items. One time a person saw my friend almost shot him, but decided to give him a battle axe instead. Once I even spawned into a game and then a guy added me into his group then gave me weapons. We are actually friends on steam now. One more thing, I try to join the server with the least people possible which usually lowers the chance of being found. Joining a server with 30+ people is just asking to be killed.-Safe ZonesSafe zones are scattered around the map and contrary to popular belief are very safe except during Nether attacks. I have gone to safe zones hundreds of times and never been ambushed. I have never seen campers. Not once. Now, I have been killed on my way to a safe zone before, but that was from nethers and not real people. Once in the safe zone there are numerous different things to do: Buying, selling, trading, weapon crafting, giving boxes for money, or depositing items to store until later. Once you leave a safe zone you have about 12 seconds until you can take damage again or shoot again. During and after that time I have never been targeted by a player. Anybody who has problems with that has really really bad luck.-DeathsNether is based off a lose all system so when you complain about losing everything then it sucks that the game worked how its supposed to. Although, due to recent patches and the bank system, losing all does not really happen. First of all, if you find something good then run to a safe haven, deposit that stuff and your good to go. Also, now there is and account level system which lets you level up and never lose those levels. It's permanent. It may take time to level up but it is definitely worth it and you can get awesome bonuses like free money on spawn, more health, more hunger, more damage, and many more. You still lose your levels on your player like stealth and stamina when you die, but those levels are actually extremely easy to get back. Kill one or two nethers and you're already level three. A simple solution to not losing your stuff is not dying. It is truthfully not difficult to stay alive for a long time if you crouch or crawl when near golems or the new flying nether. The other nether is typically very easy to kill. Like I sead before the player interaction is not two bad in small servers or if you have nicer people on the server. Also, only one monster actually has the ability to call other monsters to you and that monster only takes two hits with a kitchen knife (the starting knife). If that monster does call others in though, you are screwed unless you have good weapons. That's why you got to kill the calling guys when you can.-SettingsAs of now Nether has limited settings although it has enough graphical settings to go from pretty bad quality to a beautiful game. Brightness is one key setting that Nether is missing, but it does not really get that dark. Even with my monitor at 60% brightness, I can see very well and not to dark even in the darkest atmosphere which is probably the subway. Also, as far as I can tell, mob spawning is the same in any time of day.-Level Up SystemThe level system in this game is really good and you can improve almost anything you want. I usually go for stamina and stealth mostly, but other trees are good too. As I said in the death section, you do lose all your levels but it is quite easy to get them back again. The one suggestion I have is for an armor/health level up.-MicrotransactionsA lot of people complained about microtransactions, but in really they are not a problem at all. Any microtransactions you can get are very limited and only for cosmetic items, easily making this game a play2win not pay2win.-TransportationThe map can be very difficult to travel across, but thankfully a new update added atvs which allow for extremely fast travel across the map. Granted, the vehicle is very rare and very glitchy. I found an atv once and ended up crashing it, but it was really fun.-GraphicsThe game itself looks beautiful with all the settings at max and besides some visual glitches it is amazing. The visual glitches include some floating ground or objects here and there, but not enough to ruin the experience or the gameplay. Another problem is hitboxes on items or hills which sometimes allow for floating people or hiding inside of walls. This is an early access game so these will probably be fixed in later updates.Overall I would definitely recommend this game to almost anybody and give it a 9/10 for a few problems. There is a great supply of items usually. I rarely starve. Player griefing is very limited depending on the servers you join. The best option is to join servers with very little people. Safe zones are always safe except for when they are attacked by nether. Player camping is very rare. The deaths can be prevented by having good weapons and being careful around certain Nethers. It is also not completely lose everything. The settings on the game are somewhat limited but you have enough to make the game look amazing. The level up system is very indepth and you can level up a lot of things. The microtransactions are easily ignored and only for cosmetic items. The current transportation system with cars is very glitchy and hard to get a car, but it was just added so I will give it some time. Finally, the graphics in this game are astounding and besides a couple visual errors are almost as good as or even better than Battlefield 4 graphics."
,Not Recommended,247730,32869887,Posted: 27 June,all,Beeshu,"This game is so bad and so cheap, I can't even be bothered to request a refund.I played it back in the Alpha phase, it showed some potential. Now it's dead and for good reasons. The devs abandoned it as soon as they could, leaving it underdeveloped and full of game-breaking bugs.There's no point on even writing a proper review on Nether. The game simply doesn't work.Simolius - June 2017"
76561198049775077,Not Recommended,247730,32900728,Posted: 27 June,all,Hmmmph,Dead game
76561198132492931,Recommended,247730,29932422,Posted: 14 February,all,ソウルシルバー,This game is one of the few games that got the atmosphere just right for me. This game is truly one of the best post-apocalyptic games out there!
,Recommended,247730,11072520,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,West,It's a survival horror game where you have to survive the zombie apocalypse
76561198117149347,Not Recommended,247730,15195003,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Different Potato,"I enjoyed this game very much about a year ago. The game was great. The loot was challenging to get, You constantly felt the need to just crouch down the endless streets until you found a safe haven. I enjoyed getting the supply drops in the parks and taking on nether surges. When the whole faction system and the world PvP came into effect it ruined the survival aspect. You can no longer survive alone anymore. You either group up and mindless kill everything and look for supplies or you go alone and die every 4 seconds. The game used to be focused on survival but now it is just constant PvP. This game could have been something great. It is a shame that I cant even dare to leave a safe haven."
,Not Recommended,247730,13535960,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Dab on them haters.,"Tried to open game.Kept crashing.♥♥♥♥♥♥community.Hackers and♥♥♥♥♥♥devs everywhere.No patches for a month now.♥♥♥♥♥♥ arena dlc that you actually have to pay for.All in all, 9/11 ♥♥♥♥ this game I'm out."
76561197984715800,Not Recommended,247730,13551950,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,python,"While it was fun for a while, the game is completely abandoned from the Devs.They were enthusiastic at first, but they just don't care any more.Shame...shame..shame... it was fun while it lasted."
76561198137482734,Not Recommended,247730,15175998,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Adolf Shitler,"It is a great game but for reasons unknown to me, It wont launch, and ive tried everything. It isnt my computer either"
76561198021051195,Not Recommended,247730,15149065,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,CaptCuddles92,waste of money
,Not Recommended,247730,15149731,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,insanity,The game was clean before april in 2014 in the summer after going on sale i bpught it was pretty good but thne poeple who wnated to runi the game thats benn in BETA for ever runied even more by hacking now 70% of the plyers in ther are hackers!!! dont buy this unless your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,247730,10925960,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Xibster,Login launcher does have backspace funtionsGame crashs 75% of the timeServer listing take 10mins to loadNo main menu for settingsGame is laggy (I run most games at 60fps)
,Not Recommended,247730,29435795,Posted: 22 January,all,Dr. Freeman,Worst game I've ever played. Why did I buy this...
76561198240172578,Recommended,247730,19091048,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,alfredaramouni,the game is great but since the last update their is alosts of bugs. i hope the bugs will be fixed very soon and i want the PVE   mode back
,Not Recommended,247730,11669470,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Jack of Hats,Free to Play would be too expensive for this game.
,Recommended,247730,22893588,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,slushyballs,my first day:walked around thinking idk why it gets bad reviews it looks cool walked around abit and found somthing teleport to me i decided to kill it so i did i turned around and saw this big bad thing i craped my pants and ran away i kept running i ran out of stanima i took one big swing i craped my pants again.... it missed then missed again and again and again and finaly gave up. got to a safe zone and got attacked by another teleport thing it almost ate my face off so i ran into the safe zone i said i cant take this no more so i gave upanyway this is a pretty good and boaring game but it can be fun at times.
76561198091888905,Recommended,247730,9094964,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,SurfyPunchCunt,"This game is the best of the best. If you like harcore post apocalyptic games, then but this!"
76561198115030246,Not Recommended,247730,13764031,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Blackdynamiterb,bad game have to pay for customer support and  do not forget login info
76561198039214201,Recommended,247730,13810770,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,ワンパンマン chyuan`,"Died instantly by walking into water, lost everything.I think the game was more fun about a year ago. But this character was taken by the Evil Water Boss.After walking around for about an hour all i found was a Bro Max.Rated10/10"
76561198019208810,Recommended,247730,13740050,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Boss,"Sooo... I actually like this game. It's difficult. I'm not sure if it's ""fun"" in the traditional sense. It's pretty tense at times. Most of my game time is spent crawling and hiding from monsters and humans. It's better if you play with a friend. Don't buy it if you think it's going to be instantlly rewarding. Walking around in a post-apocalyptic earth probably wouldn't be fun in real life, and yeah everyone tries to kill you... haven't you seen Mad Max? Overall good experience. I hope the developers keep updating it."
76561198122427029,Not Recommended,247730,13829718,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Reborn_Tengu,"This game has been in the opposite with its disregard for the user attitude we these do not understand the real situation of the user, so that we are blind to buy the game, here I really very sad that it makes me feel sick."
,Not Recommended,247730,13755458,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,TheWoefulSage,sucks
76561198091065169,Recommended,247730,13776655,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,VII Legion Raider,So scary!!! One hell of a challenge for any gamer
,Not Recommended,247730,13682857,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Based God,"This game is something that no one should waste their time experiencing. The videos and screenshots displayed on the purchasing page do not advertise this game to the consumer honestly, giving the player an exaggerated display in order to steal your money. I have played this game for about an hour and the animations were horrendous. The surroundings looked like cardboard mixed with paper, and the sounds  were so loud and terrible that I was forced to mute them--but even then, they still played at maximum volume! The chances of seeing another player are outrageously low and most of the items are useless. Finding these items is a rare occurance and you spend most of the gameplay wondering aimlessly in a trash heap. The enemies are placed in locations which make no sense and there's only one or two of them seen in a 20 minute time span. Killing them is also very difficult in view of the fact that you only obtain a knife in the start of the game. The character creation is so limited that it is pointless to even use in this game. Point is, is that this game is totally a waste of space on a hard drive and it shouldn't have ever been purchased by anyone who was searching to play a fun or entertaining game."
76561198163737183,Not Recommended,247730,13770264,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,SilentFears,does not load for me at timefreezes my computer and i have to restart itit gives my computer blue screens
,Not Recommended,247730,13774957,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,KinKin_TrashBin,Well I bought the chosen version but never recieved my 5 beta keys
,Not Recommended,247730,13753853,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,AES_OGJam,sort out your ♥♥♥♥ing game becuase all there is flying people going round killing people so yeah hacking this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥atm sort it out
,Recommended,247730,13746755,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Kinez,"I recommend this game! Played couple of hours and for now I really like it.  And dont read about reviews of ppl that have only 10 minutes in the game... Game is great, I suggest that you buy Chosen packagge, then life in Nether is much easierGLHF :D"
,Not Recommended,247730,8495383,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Stasi,About as fun as drinking unfiltered water from a Swahili watering hole.
,Not Recommended,247730,10832215,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,modus,1 word. Dont.
,Recommended,247730,11053450,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Thezest,LOOK AT ALL THIS COOL♥♥♥♥♥♥I HAVEOH WAIT I GOT ONE SHOT BY SOME TELEPORTING ♥♥♥♥ER AT MAX HEALTH10/10 WORTH THE 3$
76561198061844369,Recommended,247730,10234146,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,TechnoGreek,Amazing game for being in Early Access. Keep up the updates
76561198031261053,Recommended,247730,10573207,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,TTjunior,Awesome game. gets more awesome if played with a friend. its the hardest survival game i ever played. remember to watch your back
,Recommended,247730,10588734,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Soft Paws,Nether holds the player's attention as well as gives an errie feeling that you're being watched. The suspense in the game is great. I highly recommend this game
,Not Recommended,247730,14011691,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Dekken,NoRefund wanted.
,Not Recommended,247730,11749595,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,TydeTyme,The game had a lot of promise and I was looking at the game on Youtube before playing. Everything got me hyped up and I began playing. I started out having a lot of fun trying to figure all the new things about it however it took only two hours before I realized that there really isn't anything to do in the game.There are repeatable quests that make you travel between cities to get money in order to purchase new gear and items. However to be honest that is all you do. Other than PvP there is no real goal to the game and no real purpose. I know that you can challenge larger enemies but it doesn't take too long before you've killed them all. I spent most of the game hunting other players and being hunted. It got dull fast and really I had hoped for more.Being the game is so heavy on PvP it is quite unfair for the newer players that lack a gun. I myself was picked off pretty fast and had to join a smaller server in order to gain a gun and fight back. Even then killing others isn't that fun being there isn't much to gain from it other than gear I probably already had. There isn't a large variety in items and when you get a gun... that is it. You've got the best weapon.Character leveling is short and the skill trees are very limited. I'll be awaiting an update that gives me more to do than hunting other players or traversing to other towns to drop boxes off.
,Not Recommended,247730,28477731,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,yung puggy,"I can never connect and even when I did (which was like 2 years ago) most everyone was a hacker. If this game wasn't abandoned, it could truly be very fun!"
,Recommended,247730,11275521,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Santerfed,"Great game, the level of permenant loss makes it terrifing."
,Not Recommended,247730,8583664,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Idioteque126678,Not worth the money. Poor combat and survival. Like the WarZ (now known as Infestation: Survivor Stories) Big bummer of a game.
,Recommended,247730,11077668,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,cheek,Best experience ive ever experienced!!!
,Recommended,247730,10823270,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Raik,quest some what hard to follow as inventory use still a bit hard to understand
76561198035055433,Recommended,247730,10824482,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,yodazb ~HFD~,Great game! looks pretty good. Game play is fun and pretty smooth other then a few bugs here and there. For a game still in beta it's above the standards that it should be. This game is a great way to waste hours upon hours. It's very well balanced and the devs are listening and considering the peoples wants from the game. Great game so far! KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK @THEDEVS!!!!
,Recommended,247730,10827198,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,joe,"Not gonna lie, this game was pretty sp00ky if you ask me...When i play this game i like to make sure my lights are turned on in my room. I turn down the volume to about 20% and make sure I dont use surround sound. I tried playing one time on my speakers but the bass scared me and I found what appeared to be♥♥♥♥♥♥on my panty-hose (excuse the language). My parents werent home so I wore those♥♥♥♥♥♥stained panty-hose for a long while until they showed up. Ever since i make sure my parents are around when I play this game. I also like to turn down the visual settings so that the monsters dont look that scary. This game surely provides some thrills. If your into games high quality games like minecraft or call of duty, I definitely recommend this one.It was $3 so anyone should buy it, unless your black then good luck LOL (no racism intended)"
76561198033135813,Recommended,247730,10827543,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,therat77,">>Just bought the game from summer sale, so I will just talk about the current state as I'm not sure how it was before<<Despite the horrible server loading time, I have found the game to be very fun. No loot? Please... Full gear within 10 hours of playing, starter gear with pipe sniper, RAB etc. under 5 hours. Just loot out of the city and do the goddamn escort package misions. PVP only? People with guns do kill, you will rarely see a ""bambi"" with a butter knife killing everyone he sees. Buggy? Yeah, you will encounter buggs. Crashes? True, it does crash from time to time but after hours of playing so yeah.But just get a group you can rely on and go play Nether, it will not dissapoint you."
,Recommended,247730,10837827,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,MeisterClickington,"Ignore what everyone is saying about this game, it is a fun and challenging game that I whole heartedly enjoy. It gets frustrating when bandits kill you or you turn the corner into a reaper mob, but when your finding weapons and your surviving you feel on top of the world. This game will get your heart racing and your hands shaking in all the close calls youll have fighting bandits and nether alike for your very survival, just to hold on to a bag of doritos, a crowbar, a pistol, and some ammo, not becuase theyre irreplacable and not becuase theyre of great value, but becuase they're yours and in this wasteland of death and danger you have to protect what's yours."
,Recommended,247730,10848774,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Grazingcow,Giant backwards flying dragon breathing fire out of its♥♥♥♥♥killed me 1 shot. 11/10
76561197978053620,Recommended,247730,15186424,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,123,"Hackers, hackers everywhere."
,Recommended,247730,10879654,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,maertsoi,"This game is amazing. It's a lot like Day Z, but when you search for items you'll at least find SOMETHING! I've only played a few hours with a friend and we were hooked. We're definitely going to be playing this a lot more!"
76561198048308769,Not Recommended,247730,17342439,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Ops Coward Style,This game is dead.....and many hackers!!
76561197981291189,Not Recommended,247730,26032104,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Paulie (CZA) Co hrát?,the first release of No Man´s sky is better tahn this one...don´t buy it..
,Not Recommended,247730,13910770,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Bluntman,i just realy wish i could get my money back cause this is a jokea real bad onewaste of my lifehackers everywhereno development whatso ever
,Not Recommended,247730,13602290,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,NutSpread,Can't Even Log in.
,Not Recommended,247730,13604354,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Viper,Failed to open and just got stuck at launching game my advice stay away it isn't worth the risk of buying a game if it might not work
,Not Recommended,247730,13598951,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,(DJ) Zzpops11,The servers dont work. Look at my screen shots and you'll see the waste of money.
76561198027443288,Not Recommended,247730,8946516,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Hottfuzz22,"This game is absoulute trash. In short, Nether is a cheap knockoff of dayz that fails to deliver on what is promised from Steam's misleading store page which describes an awesome post apocalyptic zombie setting. This game is the furthest thing from that description. Being riddled with mauraders, trolls, and more well equiped players it makes this game impossible to play without being killed within the first 10 minutes of joining a server. And the so called motorcycles that they promised? Nowhere to be found. Don't waste your time with this indie POS, go buy Dayz or Don't Starve if you actually expect to have fun in a survivalist type game."
,Not Recommended,247730,17362413,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,[UK] WH15K3Y,"It was good for around 30 minutes but then died horribly; I bought this game on E/A for the lowest price, but suprise suprise it feels mostly abandoned...Such a shame"
76561198041302262,Recommended,247730,10856564,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Deathman1249,"I think Although the game itself does take a while to start up, once you are in it is a great experience I love this game"
,Recommended,247730,10863613,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Faith,"If you've read the ""About the Game"" and ""Key Features"" section, then you have read exactly what the game is. You could say it is the multiplayer title of  S.T.A.L.K.E.R. Be wary, when they say you are fighting for your life, you truly are. This is a survival game, meaning you should not expect to be able to survive an attack of more than 2 or 3 Nether (the monsters in the game) at the same time. Be prepared to be frustrated, and always watch your back. Someone can always be ready to shoot. I have experienced many heart racing shootouts in this game, because you quickly come to realize that death can be a very painful experience.Talking with many people in-game, a lot agree that the game is good, and it's better than DayZ or Infestation: Survivor Stories. The game is a great concept, and the map is very nice and can take a very long amount of time to actually travel across, as one would expect. The only truly visible errors within the game are the amounts of bugs, glitches, or lag.  However, these are not game breaking, and I expect that they will be fixed, as the developers are releasing more updates. The only thing I can really advise you not to do is walk in the water (however, continually pressing space bar to jump seems to prevent you from drowning and solve the problem) and to not drive the jeep which you will find in the top northwest of the map. Most likely you won't go there anyway.If you have played S.T.A.L.K.E.R, Metro, or any other similar titles, then Nether is a must-try.For those who haven't, I still recommend that you play the game if you had even a remote interest in DayZ or other similar titles."
76561198082010183,Recommended,247730,10894966,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Bazil,hella good
,Not Recommended,247730,10839774,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Dr. Weed,"As much as I wanted to like this game, I couldn't. The overall idea is great, I love it, but the actual gameplay and glitches we, as players, have to go through is too much.I picked up the Chosen package during the sale a couple days ago. I was excited to play it, I really was. Then when it downloaded, I launched it and spent about an hour trying to log in. Once I had finally gotten logged in, I tried to choose a server to join. I realised my mouse was frozen. It was frozen for about three minutes before I could finally join a server. Once my mouse unfroze and I joined a server, I was stuck on a black screen for about a minute. Then I tried to open the menu. I opened the menu and the game completely froze. I had to close it to begin again. So I go through the entire process of my mouse freezing upon trying to choose a server. Once I get in, I finally get the chance to turn some settings down (You can't do this from the main menu, mind you). I turned a couple things down and adjusted the resolution and then there were these white textures that appeared all over my screen rendering me completely unable to see, and, therefore, play the game. I then closed out to the main menu in an attempt to get rid of those textures, but my mouse froze again. Once it unfroze, I selected a server and once I joined, the textures were still there. At this point I was fed up. I closed out to the main menu and my mouse froze again. I had to end the process from the task manager.Overall, this game is basically a Debugging Simulator.I'd give it a 6/10 for the idea.3/10 for the login mainframe.2/10 for the actual gameplay.0/10 for the amount of fun you'll get out of this game."
,Recommended,247730,11098999,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Mike Ross,It has pay to win elements but you can play without having to pay or in game items.At first I could not get it to work and spent few days trying to fix it as my in-game time drifted up to 1 hour even though I hadnt  even gotten into the game yet.But when it finaly worked it was gud
76561198115869397,Recommended,247730,8587489,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Talwolf,"A very, on the edge of your seat, survival hardcore game. Where everything is at risk when you go out of the safezones. Trust within others weigh by your own choice and morals. Knowledge at how to survive and be quick on your feet. You wouldthink this game was more of a horror game than just survival, the thought of always being watched or hunted can make you shiver. Nether really is one of the most interesting games to come out and be available for early access. I can't recommend this game more than enough to people for a hunger for true survival playing."
76561198000629896,Recommended,247730,10841971,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Spawnzrage,Cant link Steam and nether. 10/10
76561198071181671,Recommended,247730,10856310,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Krelm,"Well , I've been seeing a lot of negative reviews on this game. But, to me this game really is pretty good. The pure intenseness and suspense created by this game is incredible. Sure, speaking from a technological stand point it's not the best (Waiting 5-7 minutes for servers to load, some texturing I'm not too fond of, the programming which is really bad and takes up alot of ram, ect.). This does not mean the whole game is bad though, the only ""really bad"" part of this game is the in game coin system, but any player that is actually fighting for survival doesn't need to worry about buying pretty looking cosmetic items (In game coins are only used for cosmetic items). Overall, Nether is intense, unforgiving, but QUITE sloppy in execution. But its sloppyness does not mean it's a complete waste.Solid 5/10, the only dissapointments are the coin system, and the fact that if this game had some more care put into it it, and was ACTUALLY DEVELOPED, it would have been a 10/10 game.Oh and one more thought, I hate the multiplayer aspect of this game. I have so much fun running around killing nether, and then one awful human ruins everything, and I have to start all over."
76561197990340219,Recommended,247730,10885302,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,lVladdog=VX9=,good game
,Recommended,247730,10902233,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ツＳＥＮＰＡＩツ,"I don't get why so many put this game down. I think it's a pretty good game myself. Everyone thinks this is just a ""Pay to Win"" type of game when it really isn't. I didn't have to buy ""Nether Gold"" to get as much gear as I do inside the game. Playing in a group even makes this game more fun when trying to kill other Nethers, even the Reapers if possible. I would reccomend this for people who like survival games with friends. I understand there is still some issues the game has but I'm pretty sure the developers are working on patches for it. 9/10"
,Recommended,247730,10983939,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,NoRUSH,Killed a guy for a bag of crisps10/10
,Not Recommended,247730,11919711,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Ötzi :D,DANGIT THIS GAME! It doesn't even work! You can't even open it! DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY OF THIS YET! IT NEED TO BE FIXED!! >:(
76561198124259235,Not Recommended,247730,11862054,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Iceman,"Nether right up to very recently was one of the best multi-player games I have played in a long time. However all has been lost as the powers that have decided to make it impossible to get money or collect anything unless you kill eveyone on sight, unless of course you buy what is called Nether gold. Nether gold can be used for in game purchases which is ok unless you don't have the money to splash out on a lot of Nether gold it really leaves you up s**t creek without a paddle...All this on top of about 300 hundred server crashes a day it has left this game virtually unplayable. If I was you don't waste your money on this right now and maybe try again in twelve months time when hopefully things might be improved."
76561198154129251,Recommended,247730,12362706,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,LiamGamingHD,Really fun :)
,Recommended,247730,11449335,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,W0|fie,"Very good, good atmosphere and graphicsit's kinda lonelly if you dont play with friends, and the starting freeze is annoying8/10"
76561198046869216,Recommended,247730,11784571,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Die For Liberity,"this is my first first-person survival i ever played i had played shooters but this is cool cus it is kinda like the series walking dead but instead of tons of dumb zombies you get deadlier monsters that can think but what make it also like the walking dead is humans killing other humans and ""sometime"" helping others"
76561198127089444,Recommended,247730,11962534,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Krakenlord319,i like the game but sometimes it wouldnt start up that is a thing to consider before buying the game
76561197978242022,Not Recommended,247730,11848966,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Rage,"Who rated this game? Utterly terrible from the outset, lets leave out the fact I bought this game so long ago that I forgot I had bought it and that I was unable to join any server due to some bugs, kets keave out the fact half the textures are floating or not synced together. Graphics are dated, it looks remarkably similar to another flop war z, and sitnks of a money making rip off of dayz. The controls and general movement are terrible, in under 10 minutes I got stuck on 3 pieces or terrain. Another pre beta Bag O♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198069353239,Not Recommended,247730,12402778,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,lordkorgoth,WHY CAN'T I LOG INTO THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME ??? I PAID FOR IT I DESERVE TO ♥♥♥♥ING PLAY
76561198119342958,Not Recommended,247730,14844222,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,CRAZY SCIA1313,it does not even work
,Not Recommended,247730,11788663,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,MYAH,Enjoyed the live-action trailer more than the actual game.0/10Would rather give my money to a Chinese hacker than these devs.
,Not Recommended,247730,16468794,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,fresse im voice,"would like to play it, unfortunately i cant  even though ive already bought the game.the Playnether account does not only refuse to be linked to my steam account, it doesnt even give me the option to sync them. Oh yes and did I mention that you get the 404 error when you try to click on ""support""?no? well now you know."
,Not Recommended,247730,11079036,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,ICptJackSparrow,"I wanted to like this game.  No, really, I really wanted to like this game.Honestly, I've never hated a game so much in my life as I do this game.Aside from the glitches everywhere in the game from the starting up of the game and having to wait two minutes for the server list to complete whatever the hell it needs to complete (and you NOT being able to do anything while it does this) to the most abyssmal clipping issues I have seen in just about any game I've ever played....... okay, I know this game is still in beta (as far as I know) and it has a lot of work that needs to be done, I get these things.No, these things aren't why I am filled with rage and despise this game more than any I've played to date.The reason I hate this game so effing much is the other players that play it.I fully understand that this game allows for PvP player killing and multiple ways to do so.  What I DON'T understand is why so many smegheads have to hide on top of buildings sniping away at people in a game this young KNOWING that most of the players are gonna be noobs and haven't got a clue where they are barely going let alone have a chance to fight back...I do not see this as a good way to encourage new players to want to stick to a game like this if you make it this easy to not only kill the new players, but in doing so make them lose EVERYTHING they may have been lucky enough to scrounge up in their inventory and their leveling up.Oh, did I forget to mention that?  Yup, whenever you die, you lose EVERYTHING.  The ONLY way to avoid this is by either placing any weapon or item in your global inventory for later use (but this means that if you get an actual nice weapon, which seems to be only possible for the a-holes who like to snipe you from the rooftops) you can't use that item in your global inventory, until you re-equip it to your normal inventory, which is self defeating at best, or the other way to keep your inventory and level is to not die.Seriously, sounds easy, but this may be the hardest game I've ever come across to survive in.I bought to dang copies of this game, one for me and one for my kid to play, since we like these kind of games and we like watching each others backs.Sadly this is too much like playing any of the Call of Duty games.  Poor sportsmanship prevails, and I stop playing because of it.  I should have believed the other reviews..."
76561197999527066,Recommended,247730,11747985,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,the outcast,♥♥♥♥ this game its not playable its a wast of money
,Recommended,247730,11912468,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,[MM]MadMonk,"Simply put, this game sucks balls"
76561198058911966,Not Recommended,247730,12114365,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,The Lizard King,"DO NOT BUY. Bought it during the summer sale for a few bucks, thinking ""How bad can it be?""Turns out I will never know. The account creation page on the launcher is broken. The account creation page on the website is broken. Nether customer service will never answer you. I have yet to be able to play a single second of this game, despite trying all of the workarounds listed in the forums. I'm requesting a refund from Steam."
,Recommended,247730,12118675,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,✔️KodearKing,กดเข้า กดออก กดเข้า และก็กดออก - -/สรุปกุยังไม่ได้เล่นสัดที55555555555
,Not Recommended,247730,12370903,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,8-Bit Commander,When I first got this game I thought it was differnt now dont even bother it is just going to get worse and worse but now its just another peice of♥♥♥♥♥0/10
76561198095207942,Not Recommended,247730,10314720,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,The King Of Badrats,0/10 Would not update this game again.
,Not Recommended,247730,10316452,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,PigGoat,This game is garbage
,Recommended,247730,14061758,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,funkj¬¬,Creepy♥♥♥♥♥game and very intense.
76561198051819707,Recommended,247730,29885525,Posted: 12 February,all,Jakers,great buy
,Not Recommended,247730,33204540,Posted: 3 July,all,Zyphrus,"I played this game in it's very very early stages with a friend. Made a second friend from this game. It had potential. The fear of the overpowering enemies all around you was great fun. I stopped playing it back then because of a-hole players that would sit next to the safe zone and kill anyone they came across. Sniped. Just suddenly dropped dead. Respawn in the safe zone. ONE FOOT out of it, boom dead again. Aside from toxic players, the game was want I wanted, but to see what it's become? It's sad, very very sad. I'm beginning to agree with this ""no early access"" montra."
76561198041517651,Not Recommended,247730,28142410,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Pablo Escimobar,I dont recommend this game to anyone its absolute crap
76561198117306416,Not Recommended,247730,13964372,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Sum Ting Wong,"DONT BUY THIS GAMEi was accused of hacking and got perm banned whenever i post stuff on the forums no staff ever respondand even if you are not banned this game is so buggy you might as well play a game made by a group of kidsalso the map in this game is so small and u dont spawn in the same place you left offno one in this game is friendly in any way they just walk up to you and kill you even if you are a freshspawnmy friend was banned for being afk(first time doing anything bad)so in the end you will be bannedin the chance your not banned you will be stuck with bugs, gameplay that is simple and does not change, and everyone else in the game pointing a gun at your head"
,Not Recommended,247730,17423292,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,a small paper dog,"Buggy, unfinished, filled with hackers, and abandoned by the devs.This game has itself just become another shambling zombie in the wasteland of dumped indie game projects."
,Not Recommended,247730,17192013,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Cuc Nugget,It's dead jim. Don't buy.
,Not Recommended,247730,17421859,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Khad the Kitty Kat,"I can't enter the game, login name already used?"
,Not Recommended,247730,17423890,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Wolfking117,this game sucks it won't even let me play the game im just in spectater mode.
76561198050444977,Not Recommended,247730,17040154,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Syractic,i sense cube world all over this game XD
,Not Recommended,247730,21335461,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,SnakeDFox,"In short this game is Trash, the proof is in the name. The devs dont focus on the game enough to put any real content in it. All i can said is if they have to change the name from ""Nether"" to ""Nether Resurrected"" its because they want to ring more money out of the trash game that they gave up on....AKA Do Not Buy. P.S. U Have Been Warned."
,Not Recommended,247730,12931746,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,◈TigreDeMarijuana︻デ┳═,"As awesome as it used to be, this game has fallen far into the depths of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Down to only a few servers, each populated with a multitude of hackers and an insane amount of bugs, I don't recommend this game. The original devs bailed when it started getting good and the new devs have no idea what the ♥♥♥♥ they are doing. So much potential wasted. If you can't get this one lower than 3 bucks, save your money,"
,Recommended,247730,21604146,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Road To Honey,"Survival multiplayer horror game in a big city, without any pay to win stuff like many other games have."
,Recommended,247730,21655662,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Young Sinatra,-Spawned-people dropping golden keys-piick up 37 of them-find a golem-die-respawnrate 10/10
76561198062158110,Not Recommended,247730,21655984,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,BasicallyRetarded,"If you guys say that you are going to make the game better and that ""nether is back"" then you guys should probably actually do so. I would appreciate seeing some actual love being put into this game instead of it being passed around from company to company like a common ♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198155521665,Not Recommended,247730,14891781,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Kirby,Very laggy hard to play and not the best quality either.
,Not Recommended,247730,13531095,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Ghanima,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!
,Not Recommended,247730,17332907,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Flint,Probably a good game. I say probably because i still have to play it. If i could launch it.... in 2 years since i bought it. Broken piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198088264588,Recommended,247730,8230844,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,(F.D.A)vaughn.m.herder,Great game.
,Recommended,247730,8292305,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Seanzor,"This is a great game that is wholly different than when it was first published on Steam - disregard negative feedback that predates 12/12.I bought it two days ago, and it's fantastic.  I had previously played Day-Z, which I was able to enjoy despite its unbelievable lack of polish, but eventually did drop due to its rough edges and the prevalence of cheaters.When Nether appeared on Steam, I did my research and wrote it off as another War-Z - frankly, Nether looked like a buggy piece of unpolished, derivative garbage.  Fast forward to two days ago, I end up checking the game out at the insistence of a trusted friend - Nether KNOCKED MY SOCKS OFF.  Here's why:1. The game is stable –I have encountered only a minor UI bug in my play thus far.2. The setting is fantastic –Nether feels like my Fantasy Fallout survival game.3. The pace of development is rapid, but stable –Since Nether appeared on Steam, many bugs and complaints have been addressed (I have encountered NONE of the complaints that discouraged me from purchasing when the game was first released), and significant features have been added at a break-neck pace (e.g. subway systems added to the game world courier/collection missions, new enemies, etc...).4. Limited persistence –The decision to include a degree of persistence in the form of the Global Inventory (a 20-item bank that persists through death, only accessible in the few safe zones in the world) and cash (can be exchanged for supplies in safe zones; ~20% of carried cash is dropped on death; cannot be 'banked') actually RAISES the stakes compared to Day-Z (where death means a total reset).  In Nether, when I have valuable items, I WANT to bank them, whereas in games with no persistence, it's easy to achieve a zen-garden mindset where nothing matters at all – paradoxically, this adds to the suspense  by making death more significant, while at the same time softening the blow such that you have something to come back to after being (inevitably) killed.This game is an utter delight.  If you played Day-Z, but were irritated at it's lack of polish, you will adore this title.  If you've never played Day-Z, but have a masochistic streak in your gaming tastes (i.e. you enjoy rogue-likes), you owe it to yourself to give this a spin.  As testament to this fact, I virtually never participate in community discussion (no forum posts, virtually no reviews), but felt compelled to write the above about Nether.Disclaimer:If you detest PVP – steer clear.  This is not a game for people who cannot handle 'losing'."
,Recommended,247730,8360800,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,M05final,"Very Fun game, But when you play you might want to play in a server with someone you know and can talk to at the sametime cause its a HIGHER RISK you could die."
76561198079691231,Recommended,247730,8518952,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,IMUnited,"This game is a survival open world beta game. Now I love parts of this game and do not like parts of the game. This game is very immersive and the map feels huge! You will find yourself becoming 'on edge' while playing this game. You don't know whats around the next corner, will it be a vicous demon coming to kill me and die right before i do? Or will another survivor outdoing me with a shotgun when all I have is a kitchen knife? Now the graphics and the sounds i absolutley adore in this game. The unique vibrant graphics mixed with the sounds of birds chirping in the morning make you feel like your inside of the game. But like I said earlier I do have some problems with it. First of all, it feels empty, mabey too empty. I will go a very long time without finding a single bag of chips or a small roll of money. Also the game ( in a way ) encourages you to buy coins, where you can buy extra guns, ammo, apparel, and food. But overall its a very nice game and keep in mind that its in its beta form, but i cant wait to see it in its final form."
,Recommended,247730,8553051,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,ZombyMann,"Few problems to start with logging on and connecting through steam, once connected game runs smooth and graphics look excellent even on low settings, little boring in parts once you have seen one building they all seem to look the same, played for first hour and did not see any nether or other players, maps as excellent and large, once the whole game is completed the maps is probably one of the largest i have played on, good storyline so far and i would recommend the game as long as you enjoy a survival experience then this will hit every button, better in a group but i learnt the hard way "" do not trust anyone"" .would be good if you had a few scattered clans across the world ( map ) that you could join or continue to be a lone soldier, would be nice to have a choice ..."
,Recommended,247730,8259414,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Lordician,"Early Acces Review:Short version:This game in one short sentence would be: A survival game a lá DayZ with RPG elements in a post-apocolyptic setting.Rating so far: 8/10The game is already pretty fun and i can see a lot of potential coming from the setting, developers and the game so far.Pros:- Awesome style- Clear progression in-game (skill trees, levels, etc.)- Weapons feel nice and balanced (guns&melee)Cons:- Texture pop-in- Badly optimized- Collision boxes wonky at some points, making it hard to traverse certain areas or let's you 'sink' into the terrain.Long review:The game has a great style throughout the whole game.The monsters, enviroment, weapons and players all blend well together to give this game a good post-apocolyptic like feeling.Guns are not super easy to find and it is best to expect to run around with melee for a while or at least use melee as your most viable attacking style.But that is fine since the game features multiple skills to add things like defending, sneaking (and backstabbing) and flanking bonuses as your level up your character in the different skill trees.Enemies are not all the same too, there are a couple different types of enemies whihc all have their different way of being a pain in your survival adventures.For example, there are big, mean, high hp, high hitting monsters called golems which can punch you with their big hands/claws, but there are also human sized ugly guys with lots of humps that explodes when he gets hit.These all require your to keep in mind their differences and look at how you will attack them or even if you have to run away for now.The PVP part is pretty straightforward, you have safe zones which are pretty big and you can easily sneak out of base without people waiting you up at the gates.When you die, you lose all of your gear you had on you at that moment.In safe zones you can deposit stuff in your global inventory (basically, bank) which you can acces with every one of your characters you have/will have.So if you die and you put your most valuable gun in your global inventory, you can pick it up with your new character at a safe zone if you so desire.So far i haven't noticed too much PK-ing and they continue to work on finetuning how PK-ing works.They just added somethign so that when you kill a player, you get blood on yourself which makes it easier for the Nether (the enemies) to find you, thus making it a lot harder once you decide to go on a full out rampage.As for the amount of bugs and quirks, there are quite some out there.I have had multiple times that i was under the ground after crouching in a certain spot for example, or that you couldn't crouch walk somewhere it looked like you could.My computer is pretty high end, but the framerate isn't too good when putting every graphical setting on highest.I hope to see some optimizations and bug fixes in the future and from what i can see from the patch notes, they have alrady been working on that, so i am pretty sure they will be able to optimize this game in the future even more for an optimal experience."
,Recommended,247730,8367696,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,raymaru,"Very Nice Survive Game, in Group with another player with voice chat its best i ever played:) just the map is a bit small, but on release it will be a big play area:)"
76561197978429735,Recommended,247730,8549013,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Teddy,"Ive been playing this game for the past couple of weeks and is one of the first games in a long time that i have played for hours at a time.  There are some bugs i know, as expected with early access, but over all i love this game.  Ive gotten about 5 friends to pick it up and grouping up makes it 100 time more fun.  I think the PvP in this game is very fun too, its a different feeling to it and the sense of not knowing where anyone is makes it even more fun.  Plus the nether arn't your average mindless zombies but are more of a threat than most other games again making it just that much more fun.  there are a few flaws with the safe zone camping as others have mentioned but is still pretty easy to avoid.Again overall its a great game, even better if you can get a small group to run around with."
76561198092472102,Recommended,247730,7872413,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,hrithmus1112,Game is awesome. End of story
,Recommended,247730,8295391,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Mowgli,"This game is really fun if you're into Survival games. It's pretty action oriented as well, one minute you're walking in a house looting canned food and ammo, the next there's a group of Nether coming after you! Playing in more crowded servers is much better as well! Tons more players to encounter! (Most will kill you, some however prefer to team up)"
76561198127626470,Recommended,247730,12324540,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Hante,Yea nah yea nah yea nah
,Not Recommended,247730,12329879,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,xxunderskunkxx,"nice graphics, cool concept but when you die you start all over with just a knife. not the easiest game"
76561198149403583,Not Recommended,247730,12268975,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,AirMan_Aaron,I just bought this game and it is not allowing me to log in i click yes when it saids connect to steam wtf i spent money on this game and i cant play it
76561197987332281,Not Recommended,247730,12334772,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Detective Butz,Seriously the biggest scam I've ever seen.
76561198035795221,Not Recommended,247730,12258035,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,www.twitch.tv/darkphyz,"i love the game but i hate the pvp in it -.-"""
76561198119448905,Not Recommended,247730,12268426,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,DodgeMan18,i cant even play keeps asking me to sync my nether and steam account together even after i already have
,Recommended,247730,12315985,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Crazy_Cactus,"Personaly, I think this is a great game. The game changed a lot in a good way. :) Keep it up devs! I recommend the game to people who like open world survival. I wish it had PVE too. But hey we can't always get what we want."
76561198072570911,Not Recommended,247730,12331717,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Jeckard Cain,"Oh look it's yet another Dayz cash grab game. Obviously a game designed just to get money from people who don't have Dayz and for some reason like these types of games. Game is buggy as all hell and lag spikes make the game almost unplayable. Along with that, why have a progression system when you can just die at any moment, to a Nether clipping though a wall and calling its twenty buddies over to anally ravage you or having a player just shoot you on site because ♥♥♥♥ any type of cooperation.  A poorly executed excuse to try and get into the whole open world survival horror ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that is plagueing gaming these days. Save your money."
,Recommended,247730,12334215,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Flying Spaghetti Monster,take it or leave it
,Recommended,247730,32402129,Posted: 13 June,all,Owensje91,"I loved this game when it was released,then hackers took over and game died,i bought this edition and what i like is even though there are not many players laying,i play it for nostalgia. worth my $5 just for that"
,Not Recommended,247730,17638445,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,General Kenobi,"I see why this game got a 57/100 by Metacritic.I bought this game for $20, and about a month later, the price permenantly dropped to $10 so that they could cram as much paid ""DLC"" as possible. When I say DLC, I of course mean ""buyable in-game stuff"". for a game that costs actual money, and a decent ammount when I bought it, there is more buyable ""DLC"" than soon to be free to play H1Z1.Rating: 4/10Oh, and then there is the super OP flying alien things that will tickle your bunghole right as you spawn, and the awesome innovative feature that whenever you go prone, you are allways four feet underground, awesome, especially when I get killed by some MLG tryhards with buyable stuff using that fantastic and innovative feature, mixed with whenever you run, you are playing as a diglett because only your head is above ground. My last point; the game is horribly optimized. my stats were just about 100% better than the ""reccomended"" specs, still could not get not get a steady 60fps.Overall Rating: 3/10 would NOT sprint underwater again."
76561198000807643,Recommended,247730,8871102,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,ᴟ ᵁ ᵳ ԂЯ  [︻デ┳═ー    ͫ   λ ₦╦ ﭑ Ȿ,"The only thing that sucks in this game is dying........ but that's a part of life, right?"
,Recommended,247730,18812725,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Vent3r,"It's back in  good hands, there is hope again, and Nether: Resurrected has never looked better.No more pay 2 win, Hell of a fun game.It's map detail is amazing, Nether look amazing and a good variety of them, nice sum of global events , to make player hot zones and makes the map feel alive at all times.Crafting is satisfing for me and you can even play as a Nether!"
,Recommended,247730,18816525,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,aes.j0n4h,"This game is so enrichingly ambient, that it's the only game I ever felt content sitting atop a skyscraper and just waiting. Also! It does play like a twitch shooter, so the learning curve is high. Definitely recommend you pairing up for this one, the game rewards well tuned groups and punishes solo casuals."
,Not Recommended,247730,23765124,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Tkdoon,Don't waste your money no content
,Not Recommended,247730,23772819,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Roasted n' Toasted,"Absolute garbage game.A great idea, but played out in probably the worst way someone possible could make a game.Unless you want to burn five bucks and gain autism, please save Africa or something and dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥on a stick."
,Not Recommended,247730,23477334,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Assassin,Too many hackers.
76561198024076531,Not Recommended,247730,23226991,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,DivineWhite,I got this game when it was new and it was going well had its hiccups now and then what game doesn't.guns everywhere food meds the game was going good. Bank was full of gear.then BAM UPDATE!!! TAKING EVERYTHING YOU HAVE.Thats not the best part about it ALL THE LOOT IS 100% LOWER so if you hoping to jump in and find  a gun right of the bat ahhhhhhh hell no you use to but now na.you walk about and go right through the floor/buildings and half the the rocks and bits of random stuff like grass is just floating about like it was ment to be there and you float sometimes when walking on hills.but at the end of the day i still like this game some how i don't know what it is but i do.So anyone reading this if you don't have it and your thinking of getting it there is alot of bad in the game way to much bad. So if you are don't do pvp you do get hackers but if you are going to get it i say PVE it is better but you will see for yourself when ingame then you will decide if its good or bad. it is more bad then good.This game had so much potential but they F up big time.So for me its good and bad. there is alot of bad in it trust me xD way to much but i still like it and still play it from time to time. It is more bad then good.
,Recommended,247730,8487121,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Joeybomber123,It is a really fun game. I bought chosen because i thought it would be a fun game and it really satisfied me and was glad i could support the game in this way.
,Not Recommended,247730,33049035,Posted: 30 June,all,MorbiusStorm,Stay away.
,Recommended,247730,8075859,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Shadowvoss,"Amazing game, as it is still in the Beta i can see a who lot this game can do. I personally think a crafting system would be amazing, or atlest a quest type system.Just dont get to attached to your 1 character, because if you die, its back to square with 1."
76561198016178066,Recommended,247730,8133733,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,mkuangel,"Играбельно, но как по мне все еще глубокая альфа."
76561198064363863,Recommended,247730,8153246,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Space Cowboy,cant play the ♥♥♥♥ing game. bought it cant play. love it 10/10 must play
76561198027649492,Recommended,247730,8154861,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Xanros,"This game, even in Beta, is a PHENOMENAL survival/horror/post-apocalyptic/pvp/pve game.I HIGHLY recommend it! The support and community is fantastic as well, and it is a ton of fun to play."
76561197994662482,Recommended,247730,8156837,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Akin Deadeye,suprisingly very good. Very very addicting and the graphics are beautiful. I highly reccomend this game if you like survival mmo type games.
,Recommended,247730,8183133,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Hostiledoge,AWESOME!
,Not Recommended,247730,8185622,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,JoPe,not at all ! just read the forum... the game is totaly broken ! you cannot even login/sync your steam account with the launcher ! so DON'T BUY THIS GAME AT ALL UNTIL THEY FIX THE PB !! (if they fix it one day...)
,Recommended,247730,8188301,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,TinyRick csgolive.com,AMAZING GAME!!!!
,Not Recommended,247730,8027142,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Unspecific,I cant even♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sync the game to play
76561198070570037,Recommended,247730,8059672,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,[BDS] A WILLIAMS02™,i love it
76561197965674724,Not Recommended,247730,8063394,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,"Vince  qO,Op  V,,","is a multiplayer and you have to star from scrach .,..no time history , no nothing...."
,Recommended,247730,8066208,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,thealphajerk_,.
76561197986593337,Not Recommended,247730,8078632,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Ser Lyonel Baratheon,"I don't believe it's fair to judge a game as 'Yes' or 'No' based on an Early Access version of the game. If you find the concept promising, I recommend you invest lightly. I jumped in with $40 on what I saw based off the trailer and was disappointed because I didn't take the time to look at the actual gameplay which I assume to be shown on Youtube videos and the like.In any case, I'll try and elaborate on the problems I've had so far.Collision issues, there are a lot of them. I find that I am often finding invisible walls while trying to sneak around places, which is frustrating because more often than not that ends with you having to run/jump in order to get out of where you got stuck. This seems to go both ways in that in my many times trying to prove myself an acrobat, I will find that I can jump from A to B fine, it's just when I try to jump to see that I find out it doesn't actually exist on a material plane. I've also gotten stuck between two cars once which was frustrating but fortunately when I rejoined a server I was fine.Wondering around aimlessly. I was fairly bored playing this, most of the time you will find yourself just wondering around without purpose nor clue. Yes you will be on the lookout for items, but for the most part, you will have no real plan, no real goals, which I am hoping they will find a way to fix. More events would help with this in my opinion. I've also yet to find another player, which would be fine if the environment were interesting enough to captivate me, but thus far it really isn't.Enemies seem dull. I have encountered 3 types of enemies so far, I assume there will be more variety deeper into the game so take this with a bit of salt, but thus far 2 of them seem to just have their standard charge, portal or attack AI. The fighting is not exhausting or freighting, which in my opinion it should be when the models are so excellently horrific, and it doesn't seem clear always whether you are approaching the fight correctly or not, until the enemy is dead. In my opinion, rather than having this portal in/out going they should simply have a fast paced teleport to keep things more difficult and increase the difficulty of engaging or attracting multiple enemies.Safe Zones... Seem pretty ambiguous. What makes it a safe zone exactly? In the images I'm seeing a prison like complex with towers and barbed wire, etc and that's awesome. In the game it looks to be a station that is wide open with nothing that I can imagine detracting the Nether. At least so far.That's the criticism I have off the top of my head. All in all, I have played up to 10 hours or so of the game. I don't know how responsive or quick the dev team are and I am sure that I would have over looked aspects that would make this game better but so far I am not enjoying it. At the end of the day I think whether or not you purchase this game should come down to just how receptive the dev team are. As with most early access games, the bonus in helping to support the game, other than receiving awesome points, is that you get to help get the game closer to the end-point you want it in. So please take everything I have said with some salt, and hopefully some trust that the Dev team will fix it all up."
,Recommended,247730,8086505,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,~sayWut~ Pass The Ketchup,"EDIT - Well its now out of alpha , the game is much better, and better optimised, that being said, the game is ravaged with hackers, the dev team are slow to getting players who can still not play the game , to being able to fix there issues.Pros- Nice graphics, and a very good atmosphere- The addition of tribes . and a better group system makes teaming up more easy and fun.Cons- The hacking issues need to be dealt with, there was talk about putting steam VAC in place, this has still not happened. There are no in game admins to ban hackers.- The game was actually better when it was in alpha / beta. New additions to the game, have warped the initial fun, yet hard survival game play.Over all it was a fun game at the time, and ive certainly played enouph hours to see the changes from the start to end, to see this game still needs work. If and when the hackers and a real anti cheat system is implemented, this game will be avery fun, and atmospheric one at that!"
76561198054403402,Recommended,247730,8107872,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Revolut1on1ze,Very fun game. I love the hardcore aspect.
,Recommended,247730,8122144,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,UnicornPrancer,"A beautiful yet challanging and suspensful game, Nether is one of the best I have played in years. The game drops you in and wishes you the best of luck which, creates for a somewhat more challanging game as you slowly discover the do's and don'ts of the world. Combat overall is challanging and therefor better avoided unless you are in a group or have a high level character but when it does occur, the fighting is fast and fluid and with the creatures ablities, remains fresh all the time. Another thing to be noted is the environment as a whole. It is large and open to exploration in many ways, both upward and across the city and, with the newest patch, down as well. The servers as a whole are stable and I have had very few troubles with them. Overall, Nether is a great game that I will be playing for many hours to come! A very worthwhile purchase, especially with, at least during early access, the new content being released so often. I would most certainly recommend this game."
,Recommended,247730,8122654,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Tryhardosaurus Rekt,"Considering its still in EARLY beta you guys migh want to wait a bit before you buy it... i mean most of the map is not even implemented yet.The visuals are pretty well done. The nethers look great and the city is just awesome... except for the garbage bags everywhere and i mean EVERYWHERE. Im guessing there are put there so it wont look empty.As far as gameplay goes, it does need waaay more PvE. Right now its pretty much just another shooter with npc nethers surviving no other purpose but to help you level up.Another thing i dont like is how limited is the options menu, you get pretty much nothing to toy with.Also theres no way to increase your brightness and during the night i just cant see sh*t. While on that subject, the flashlights are just useless.To sum it up: It's a good game with a potential to be great one day but they need to work alot more on it.I would still recommend it because i'm a fan of survival games, but unless you're dying to play it you should wait a bit."
,Recommended,247730,8141225,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Silent Solitude,"This game is so far AMAZING!!!Its really well put together,PvP is how it should be!Whoever gets the jump, normally gets the kill!Unless you suck at aiming...I like the idea of having to work with others to secure the main safe zone,I like how if you kill another player you get penalized in some kind of way.I would like to see a few options personally.Eg. Options to turn down in game sound.Options to change backpacksOptions to group with other players to avoid friendly fire.(With leaving group warnings of 30s or something to avoid de-grouping PKers)Options to split item stacks.Those are the main ones off the top of my head.Also the game seems to have a problem when you drop something,then pick it back up, it crashes your game. (I know it happens to a lot of people)The idea of logging off and spawning in some place random is nice,But im not sure if im 100% Sold on it. I mean if I was organizing my Global inventory and DC,Only to spawn and be player killed (Having most my Global on me)I think i'd be a little bit annoyed...Anyway, Just a few thoughts out there for you and others :)"
,Recommended,247730,8147005,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Orphan Warrior Burger,"Alright, before you count this off as a DayZ, or worse, a WarZ clone, it's not. This is as much like WarZ as Starbound is like Terraria (which means the very basics are similar, but by no means is the larger game). Nether is a survival game, like the Z games, but it takes place in an urban environment, which might not seem like much at first glance, but when you throw hang gliders, teleporting demon-aliens, subway systems, and citywide events such as defending safezones, Nether seriously begins to push away from the likes of DayZ and WarZ. Not to mention the game is still in development and is constantly getting updated with new and better features, and the developers *constantly* turn to the community to see what they want out of the game. If you're still not convinced to buy this for $11.99 (during the Christmas sale, that is), I have two 72 hour beta keys that I will give out for free if you're interested."
,Recommended,247730,8150224,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Geekinoutt,Buggy? Slightly. Addicting? Highly!
76561198048431154,Recommended,247730,19263305,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,TACTICALWIZARD,gamme is finally making a comeback. just played iit and actually had fun. guns are easier to obtain and delivering packages was way more fun. all they need to focus on is getting riid of all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t like dying causse there is no food anywhere and makiing ammo more excessiible but otherwise iim so happy its back iin the origiinal developers hands please just use yallss god damn brains and actually make it fuun and get ride of all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t iim tired of dying ccause no food and tired of dying causes noo ammo once that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t is fixed this game will be amazing iim sso glad ii can finallly use the knife and im sooooo glad there are guns like the whatever cannon but please just make it more user friiendly and get rid of alll the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t this game has potientail to be amazing its only yall hollding it back
76561198101340351,Not Recommended,247730,19983956,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,MairoNS,"Well, it's fun... for the first 2 hours, but then you quickly realise that there's literally nothing to do except run around an empty city and shoot the same enemies over and over again. Even though it looks pretty good, the lack of content really hurts this game, in my opinion.But the greatest crime is not the lack of content. It's the lack of suspense. When I'm playing a survival game, I expect to be challenged, stressed and scared but I got none of that.I'd say, if you believe developer can improve on the game, buy / support it, but if you're looking for a suspensful, scary survival game which tests your survival skills, look somewhere else.Going by the standard rating scale, I would give it, at it's current state, 4/10."
,Recommended,247730,20196965,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,BiG-J,Respawn in middle of nowhere and was like oh ok lets go loot! Few mins walking and heard a screaming turn around saw monsters started running like mad even didnt know where to run or hide died but liked it my first few mins running in this game!
,Not Recommended,247730,18880836,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,JesusTickles,"This game had potential, and even with it now being ""ressurrected"" it's trying to be a good game. But the game lacks motive, it lacks roll playing, it lacks functionality. If you are looking for a large world KOS game that has a non friendly first person shooter feel to it then buy it and try to enjoy it longer than 50 hours. The people who play this game only want to kill even if it means being super cheap about it. The lack of role play and end game makes this game really boring."
76561198137330054,Not Recommended,247730,19968225,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,[CSF]Schrödinger,Game on sale for .99 when orignal people payed over 20 just for the devs to run away with everyones cash. Ya this is bs
76561197997154827,Not Recommended,247730,19980784,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,<SK> | Synthetic_Division,waste of 99 cents game play is trerrible and choppy all the servers that are up are PVP only so when your walk out of a safe zone you instantly get killed by other players not to mention other players are doing no clip flying so you cant even see them kill you. i wouldnt reccomend this game and i will attempt to get my money back.
76561198110423752,Recommended,247730,19987985,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,JH.Gel,"This game is Nice but I want the devs to add more thrills and horror in this game.Fix also the communication of other players, recently when i use the Mic someone can hear you but the others don'tand it lacks more loot and its easy to know if theres a loot becoz its glowing and tools,weapons,materials etc. can only be found in cars, vending machines, boxes etc i want it like you can look anywhere in tall buildings, houses, streets,stores not stored only in boxes,cars etc."
76561198066301509,Not Recommended,247730,20008581,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Beef,"I got this game reading the top reviews and thinking it was different from every apocalypse survival game out there. I start up the game to find that the graphics were terrible, trying to look like any other game but failing. Also, I began to walk around the map a little bit only to find that I clipped through everything. I would not recommend buying this game unless you want to play a game that is a poor copy of every other popular survival game. It is too buggy and runs off of a terrible engine."
76561198042452943,Not Recommended,247730,20796758,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,MoneyMee$h,#trash
76561198105949929,Recommended,247730,14126312,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,angelstreetfire,This game rocks. Tragic and addictive. What's a game if you can't lose? A massive waste of time. I like this game. I think there is tonnes of room for Nether 2. I only have one real suggestion. That is a 'blood oath.' Between players sworn in the safe zone for money during a mission. It would make the game a little more user friendly.
,Not Recommended,247730,28110589,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Launch Codes,"To anyone who finds this game because ""reccommended since you like (Open World) (Sandbox) (Survival) (Etc.)"" the game is dead. Hasn't been updated in nearly 10 months or so now and has little to nobody playing it anymore. The game used to be fun, and had a community nice and toxic like ""Rust's"" but it has since died like this game. Don't bother. Buy a Subway instead."
,Recommended,247730,18827428,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,DJWolfyK,i haven't played much of it (less than an hour at the time of posting this review) but it does it's job as a post apocalyptic horror survival game so well i dread thinking of playing this game because of the atmosphere
76561197980879987,Recommended,247730,19286240,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Rödman,"Stalked two players for quite some time, awaiting the perfect time to strike. Killed one instantly had some back and forth with the other but he eventually perished like they all do. Upon their death is sprayed amazing shiny loot. Noticed heart rythm exceeded normal rate, started looting and all i could think was ""loot, loot, loot"".Heard a footstep to my rigth, from pure reflex i fired my sniper at someone and missed while mouse was flying so far away from me. I could not believe it, i got a sword to the back. had to use toilet.9/10 Would get scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ again"
76561198084695052,Recommended,247730,19336267,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,[Cheesethief],"The apocalypse. where you die simply by going into the water.But In seriousness, this game Is alright, though It will need heavy work on it.so, a 7/10 for this game."
,Recommended,247730,20155851,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Jesus,"Should I recommend this? yes definitely. I don't know what former developers did wrong, but its pretty much fun. A word of advice, trust  no one.Guys complaining about frequent deaths, please don't stand while you attack mobs. Move a bit here and there as you can pretty much tell when an attack is coming. Oh as well the first perk in melee allows you to block if you havn't already discovered it."
76561198127233296,Recommended,247730,20284329,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,LexSnake,In Offer nice!
76561198130244690,Recommended,247730,21044424,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Ry-Light,Kinda cool. But needs improvement. 8/10
,Not Recommended,247730,9094915,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Moozilla,How the heck can I even play with I can't even register at their website!  It doesn't work at Steam or directly at website itself.  Dumb!!!
76561198051871685,Not Recommended,247730,21398299,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,RockMut,Lol this game is too good for you.
76561198102513440,Not Recommended,247730,31665857,Posted: 10 May,all,Slabdragon,Boooo
76561198059815637,Recommended,247730,8183389,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Cameron,The New and better Day Z!!!! :D
76561198022868193,Recommended,247730,8183674,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Deathsfavor,"I recently bought this game and it's very enjoyable from what I have experienced, I recommend this if you want a more casual play where you can jump in and enjoy so looting and shooting with less time available."
,Recommended,247730,8187857,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,mrbigSAK,Good game so far the little time that i have played. Not only do you have to worry about the Nether coming at you but also almost all the other players as well. So don't play if you can't stand PVP hate.
76561198094255012,Recommended,247730,8087358,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Nåtilyi,So far so good! Comparing it to release and even months after release is hard.... but as of today right now with the few bugs and constant work being done to the game 88/100.... very addictive new outlook on survival!
76561198023015051,Recommended,247730,8097865,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,pvtgillett,the game is in beta so you are gona have to deal with probleam's but i think it look's pretty good they could add a few more settings and the map isn't to big right now but for all it's probleam's it's a pretty good idea like dayz and infestasion (warz) it is survival game where you have to find food and water and watch out for player's so all in all need's some work but enjoyable and i think when it's done it will defently be worth the buy but for right now it depends on if you are willing to deal with some probleam's that might occur
,Recommended,247730,8180249,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Sarklor,"This has potential.I haven't played a huge amount so far, partly due to the fact that it's a struggle to get working at the moment; the client frequently screws up the update process, there are crashes and lag and the UI needs work. Also the movement is a little jerky and flickery.And yet I'm glad I bought it. The setting is nice and bleak like a survival horror should be, the monsters are beautifully designed and far more interesting than the generic zombies you find in other games, the city is suitably huge, and the verticality of a map where you can enter half of the buildings, climb 20 stories and look down on the surrounding blocks sniping at golems is a great new twist on the genre.As always, the most dangerous threats are other players. A great deal of the survival horror is because you simply can't trust other players not to stab you in the back and steal your gear. The rare instances where you and others end up trusting each other and cooperate to clear out safe zones are immensely satisfying. Whether such trust lasts after you all leave the safe zone is another matter.So yeah, it's still in beta, so everything is rough around the edges and there's obviously still work required. But Nether is a game you'll want to keep an eye on, because I think it's going to do some very interesting things with the horror survival genre."
,Recommended,247730,8183338,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,TacoTerrier,"For people who don't like DayZ. More arcadey, MOAR BETTAR! Expect bugs..."
76561198023977621,Not Recommended,247730,29917476,Posted: 14 February,all,Wuulfe,"Don't bother with this product.  The community has pretty much mostly abandoned it - not that I blame them since the developers pretty much up and ran with people's money.   There's been no updates since - well ages.There was a lie about thousands of keys"" being sent out, but of all the threads i've read, not one person received any ""keys""....The game died, got changed to a diff developer, died again,.... its a write off.  A lot of people wish they could get refunds (myself included) but like a lot of Early Access games, you won't get a refund because Steam won't allow you to have it if you go over the 2 hour rule or the 14 day rule.They really need a policy re: abandoned Early Access games where the developers are held liable.... this is happening way too frequently..."
,Recommended,247730,18845150,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Yeshix,"Nether Is better. They finally removed microtransactions and have changed the game in small ways. I'm going to recommend it at the price of 3$ (Which I Paid) And quickly say my ratings then add my imput on what needs to be added/Changed.Graphics 6/10 - The Game requires a more modern PC to run at higher settings and doesn't look too Amazing. 2011 Graphics?Gameplay 5/10 - Not much to do, I think looting and Killing others and crafting are the bare bone of the game.Story ?/? - Nether Doesn't have a story. Not giving it a rating. ( Create your own?)WHAT I THINK IN MY OPINION SHOULD BE ADDED / CHANGED ----------------------------------------------------------- The ability to split ammo and food- Better inventory system. ( Resident Evil 4 Style Could work really well with Nether )- Optimize the game, Making this a high priority goal means more people can play Nether. Branching out to everybody- More guns/Items, Nether feels like it has a limited amount of loot to find and considering it's a big part of the game, it should have more options.- Change the value of items to be higher. Selling my makeshift gun gets me 0$ but I can buy it for 250$ ?- More Character customization- Resizable H.U.D Along with Colour changer.- A dot redicule, I need a dot in the middle of my screen to even see what I am looking at- Making all shelves and objects in buildings have collisions + Different interiors."
76561198023191687,Recommended,247730,18848768,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,JimmyThe Hand,"Since the reboot its been pretty fun, seeing populated servers again is great.I am sure others have listed all the pros and cons to varying degrees. I am having fun and the removal of the p2w items is something I liked.I think its worth its current price. I am having fun."
76561198014643764,Recommended,247730,8537098,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Radio_Love-,"Yes there is still alot to go, everything needs balancing, the movement needs to be more solid, but it just somehow keeps me coming back. It maay be because i like survival games, and this one has alot of potential."
,Not Recommended,247730,29789654,Posted: 8 February,all,Blaxe,"Game is abandoned, runs like crap for me. and the devs don't give a damn."
,Recommended,247730,20486141,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,garonec,"This is a very well made game, but with all games there's always issues. One of the problems is the issue with sitting on a building with a Cru, putting one skill point into guns. This allows you to hold your breath to remove scope sway. A good thing about this game would be having the skill tree yourself to kill the people on the buildings outside the safezone."
,Recommended,247730,20922305,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,SLOTH,I have played Nether for awhile... And I was really bummed with the direction it was going. Now that it's back with the original dev team the game and its community are improving. The price drop was nice because I think it's worth well over $5. More people need to get this great game.
76561198049649858,Recommended,247730,18821074,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,GhostN9,Looks like this game has hope once again. I'm liking the single player as an option along with the multiplayer.I think the game will be great as long as they keep away the pay to win crap and focus on the gameplay for single and multiplayer and maybe add more resolutions in the in game settings for people with lower end computers
76561198145171877,Not Recommended,247730,20436682,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,JJsmiles,"this game might be interesting if I could actually play it. I've never had a game with such terrible lag. I don't have a crap computer, either. running Lenonovo Nvidia GeoForce GTX and this game won't run right. pretty irritating."
76561198173729795,Not Recommended,247730,20548763,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Your New Homie G,Best horror game of 2016 got jumpscared by crappy looking guns that dont even look threatening AND IF THAT WONT TERRIFY YOU I WAS unable to sleep at night due to the ammount of jumpscares Called LAG SPIKES!!!!
76561198057953351,Not Recommended,247730,18826897,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,yolo_swaggins_101,game dosent even bloody work let alone enything els
76561198142301645,Recommended,247730,18921004,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,JakePlayzz =^.^=,Your a ppretty old game and you still have Allllooooootttt of bugs but still a good game to play
76561197987284346,Recommended,247730,19228306,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Killjoy69,"This game has been rolled back, and has an interesting history.  It is fun, the atmosphere rocks, they did an amazing job with the wrecked city.  Game looks and runs good, amazingly my crap laptop can run it on higher settings.  Great PvPvE game, with LAN support, and modding.  Hope to see the community grow, the ones that are there, good people who are helpful and informative."
76561198260008933,Not Recommended,247730,19229097,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,???,"Just like in real life, most ppl are♥♥♥♥♥holes. For the most part every one just hangs out in the area near the safe zone and kills each other. This is not a survival game, its a death match. Great enviroment and overall idea tho. The loot system sucks. the jump is horrible, but fall damage is pretty well done. the creatures can teleport so theres not much use for buildings or trying to put obstacles between you and the creatures, and when your fighting other players your very very rarely geting into epic battles were both of you are even aware of each other, let alone useing cover. if you venture very far from the safe zone you wont find much of any thing. no players, very few creatures, and even less loot. Again tho great enviroment and a great idea."
,Not Recommended,247730,19436261,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Storm,"This game was taken off of steam for a reason the first time. It was♥♥♥♥♥♥then and its still♥♥♥♥♥♥now. Bad looting system,Buggy enemies,Boring in general."
76561198030447656,Recommended,247730,19674335,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Suicidal Bastard,"This game was really bad back few months. Zero support from devs, hackers, etc.Now the game is back in good hands. So im remaking my review and giving this game Thump Up so they can continue they work this game realyl deserves it. Keep up the good work devs.Theres no more transactions and paying 10euros for game this big and alot of fun is more than worth."
76561198118648945,Recommended,247730,19948448,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Dave Microwave,"Not a bad game at all. I thought this game was trash but to my surprise it isn't bad at all.pros: Fun gameplayyou are always on your toes almost everywhere you go.The combat is good.They added PVE servers.And some other stuff I can't remember.cons: Graphics aren't that goodsometimes I encounter fps issues.Overall I think it's worth it, it's only $5.00 dude."
,Not Recommended,247730,19974638,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Blu Night,"played this game for a little on single player.first life, 10 secs after I spawn, ran into ""Nether"" ran away, found locked cooler (who the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥locks a cooler!?! ) got ganged♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by 15 ""Nether""second life, spawned in safezone, played for 10 mins trying to get to another outpost, didnt find a single item, killed one ""Nether"" found inv wall in subway, got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at wall, continued my walk to outpost, got bored, left single player.Tryed to connect to a server with other people...after trying all of them i eather got can not connect or a black screen then back to the server list.all in all. this game looks cool but fix your server problems and for the love of god have a better item spawn rate."
76561198057946228,Recommended,247730,20033424,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,baby,"Great game,♥♥♥♥♥♥ community."
,Recommended,247730,20563356,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,datpenguinSKİPPER,real devs are back
,Recommended,247730,20279740,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Piña Colada™,Its $1.
,Not Recommended,247730,20314339,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Raiju,"Unless you have a very very high end pc I would avoid this game. The Game is poorly optimized, infact I dont think its optimized at all."
,Not Recommended,247730,20368603,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,VengefulPhantom,"Play DayZ then play Nether, enough said..."
,Not Recommended,247730,20388420,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Dinker Dan,i played for 7 mins and got stuck in tghe groundr8 -8/8
76561198123166151,Not Recommended,247730,20395499,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,HayzChaos,"good concept terrible game, running on a pc thats capable of running much mre demanding game however i suffer terrible performance issues and altogether a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ looking game.... keeping this in hopes of the origininal devs reviving it"
76561198053119904,Not Recommended,247730,20455079,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Necrmyx,nope
76561198063103750,Not Recommended,247730,20478962,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Soldier,"I saw the trailer on TV, I thought a dayz style game with an engine that gives fps. The combat seems awkward to me and map needs work. Currently the events suck, as its a free for all. I would rather play Difance for free than pay to play this game again."
76561197986783421,Not Recommended,247730,20479506,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Deathrider,Pros: I'm not getting fatter spending $5 stuffing face at Taco Bell.Cons: I wasted $5 and a half hour of my life.
,Recommended,247730,20513231,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,sumtypa monkey,"This is now back to a really fun game, yes it has a couple of issues, but teaming up with a mate and trying to take this on has been a hell of a lot of fun. definately worth the 5-10 bucks. love it!"
76561198084784666,Recommended,247730,19318808,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Bat-Flash,it's a great gamewe can play solo or onlinethere is some bug and it is kinda hardbut if you love survival game you will love this one
,Not Recommended,247730,20153372,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,robiXxu,Why?Bored...Nothing to dolaggyeats all my cpu..atmospheric yes...but eats all your resourcesgot my refund :)
,Not Recommended,247730,20333226,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Bird_Wizard,Awful game. Very buggy with not much to do. You spawn in random places making finding friends difficult. Don't waste your money
76561198097889410,Not Recommended,247730,20426577,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,issac431,"With no respect, ♥♥♥♥ this game. I have had this game since the day of release, and i still haven't been able to play it yet"
76561198023670600,Not Recommended,247730,20506810,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Vada G `Cirp` (Finally Back),"Connected. Not stable. Finally got in. Could walk around, pick things up and access the store. No other people, nothing to fight (couldn't fight if they did show up as none of the commands work to fight). Picked up a grenade. Clicked to use it, it sat on my screen doing nothing.Do not purchase this game."
76561198005532599,Not Recommended,247730,20872013,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,~Razor~,Broken.Glitchy graphics.No Support.AVOID.
,Not Recommended,247730,20907292,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,outermostjeff,WORST ♥♥♥♥ING GAME EVER -1000/10
76561198092369007,Recommended,247730,19189723,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Chlorophyll,"Considering the 300 ping bullsh*t because I live in Australia, and there are no Australian server for this game... I think it is a pretty fun game"
76561198025796471,Recommended,247730,19694762,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,RaptorTwitch,If you remove the ingame shop and add the loot to the world it starts to make fun and worth the purchase? IMPOSSIBRU!Seriously tho. I am really glad they have the control over their own game back - its playable now without further puchases (which are not possible anymore anyway)It took the idea of zombies and turn it into original and unique mutants that differ from any other survival game that try so hard but don't get far (in the end they don't matter). The combat is working unlike most other games and instead of wide open empty planes you get streets and houses filled with trash without a lot of perfomance loss (compared to other survival games)Nether definitely stands out for their unique enemy design and setting and is worth a shot if you are into survival games.
76561198240640486,Recommended,247730,19925764,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Theirvine,This game is tottaly awesome! It just got 100x times better !
,Not Recommended,247730,20158400,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Lobo,"Purchase, Install, Walk around, Uninstall, and Refund. 11/10"
,Not Recommended,247730,19583822,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Saintbeef,"This game is just as bad as when i first tried it, original devs or not, this game has not improved"
,Recommended,247730,19525323,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Froxin,"Finally, no longer P2W. So yes, it is worth it."
76561198042030043,Recommended,247730,19876234,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Lost Legacy,"Despite what people said about this game before this version came out I decided to give this Nether a shot. I have enjoyed the game so far, besides the fact sometimes I cannot hear the sounds of the Nether and so one will come up behind me when im on low health and kill me. But after I actually started getting good items I found this game to be very enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,247730,20150632,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,meme's,bad game :D
,Not Recommended,247730,20439907,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Kaesong,"If prompted to play this game or play Tactical Intervention, i would chop off my own♥♥♥♥♥♥.."
,Recommended,247730,20590843,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Aero,"Ignore the mixed review rating and any negative reviews posted before October of 2015. As of late October, Phosphor Games, the original developer of Nether, is back in control and boy have they cleaned house.All Microtransactions have been brutally ripped out of the game, along with any sort of buyable currency. All items are now available through in game cash that can only be earned by playing the game itself.Nether is back baby, and its better than ever!"
,Recommended,247730,7902520,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Stache.,"Sooo solid for such an early release of the game, cant wait to see the final thing, not as good as the infamous DayZ but it has great potential. Alotalotalot better than that Infestation ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, buy this instead"
,Recommended,247730,19158136,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,wardeagz,"A fwe months ago this game was dead and buried.But now it's back in the hands of the original team, and the game is getting a lot of love and care.A few pointers:* Microtransactions are removed* Player hosted servers, both private and public.* Still buggy, but lots have been fixed recently and more fixes underway.* Modding is underway.* ""Singleplayer mode"". Not really singleplayer, but rather offline solo session.If you're new to the game, it will be a refreshing new experience. If you've played before, and like me, you were really unhappy about the lack off the direction and progress of the game, trust me when I say that this game is back on track!"
,Recommended,247730,19336887,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Ahegao Queen,very good
,Recommended,247730,19502125,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,NorthBound619,"Awesome game, sucks at first but after 30 mins of playing, you'll be on fire! id rte this game 8/10, worth the money!"
76561198196236829,Recommended,247730,18829209,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,JohnColt742,"I bought this game when it was shutdown because of an overwhelming number of apparent hackers, now it works and is a great (mostly finished) realistic survival game. Great scavenging opportunities, amazing graphic settings (if your computer can handle it), broken swimming so watch out for flooded areas, but I'd say the only REAL problem right now is that you can't escape the Nether creatures once they see you, so you could spend a while running to the nearest safezone."
76561198155620373,Not Recommended,247730,18991697,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Gregory,I lost my account which i had spent moths on leveling up
76561198083096144,Recommended,247730,19407874,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Swazza,"This game is really good. It's a great price for what you get and there's no micro-transactions or anything. What you buy is what you get outright. Captures a desperate post-apocalyptic atmosphere really well. It's not as crafty as games like Rust, but it makes up for it in it's highly-detailed and static world. The map doesn't randomly generate which is a nice change being able to familiarise yourself with the terrain. The global events seem really fun and well-balanced. A great game to play with friends. I'd give her an 8/10 in my humble opinion."
76561198151546166,Recommended,247730,19528239,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,dodgerbhoy1888,"8/10, Still work to be done. Glad it is back up and running again with original producers.Worth the £6.99 or whatever it is anyway.PvE servers now as well whicj is good if you can't be ♥♥♥♥ed getting shot in the head from other players all the time :)"
,Not Recommended,247730,20386127,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Nuah,"As of now I wouldn't reccomend the game.  I've only played a bit and I've already found quite a few problems with it.  For one, I rubber-band quite a bit even though I have a very good connection, and there's also a lot of objects you can kind of just... walk right through... for some reason.  I started to follow the tutorial and was stuck when the compass led me to the place I needed to drop something off or whatever, then told me to go to the same exact place after that and I couldn't do anything else.  It simply seems broke to me right now.  I'll be playing more, though, so I'll update my review if I find anything else about it worth sharing.  Oh, also, horribly optimized.  With all settings on max I only get around 45-50 FPS and quite a bit of framerate drops.  My CPU usage never goes over 50% nor does my RAM, and my GPU usage just kinda spikes around, like it's not really using it much at all.  I dunno.  Playable, but not incredibly enjoyable."
76561198271998656,Not Recommended,247730,20797287,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Mr. Freddles,"extremely laggy for me. it might just be my internet but theres nothing i can do to fix it, so guess what? I DONT PLAY IT"
,Recommended,247730,18902980,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Governor William J. Lepetomane,Yeah boi
,Not Recommended,247730,18960153,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,-666- Silver,"Recently Nether took a turn for the worse, no longer can i use the character i've been using for over 250 hours.The endless runs for packages to grind up XP and Cash to get items and Account lvl's.Losing all your items and normal lvl's was fine it made it survival and hard to keep alive.But now after this so called ""whipe"" i wasted that many hours farming and building my character just a huge waste.I played Nether even when it was almost dead now with player run server and i am sure some will do a good job.There is no way of knowing when the next ""whipe"" will be and starting over again is just a utter waste of time.Untill now i did not write a review i wanted to wait till the game was properly done.But even that hope has been tossed aside.I would not recommend this game it has to many issue's to many cheats and to many faults and unstability.Spending time on a game like this would only be worth it if you can keep your items you would collect in your global inventory.Or the account level you need to grind and the higher you go the bigger the grind."
,Not Recommended,247730,18983103,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Atking,bad
,Recommended,247730,19005962,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Doggo,♥♥♥♥♥man i have been waiting for the ressurrection of this game..
,Recommended,247730,19531122,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,KnightFox,"REVIEW FOR DECEMBER 2015Are you looking for a game that tests your skills?Are you looking for a very REALISTIC gameplay where each man stand out for himself?Are you looking for a beautiful experience of realism?WELL NETHER IS FOR YOU.If you are looking for a DAYZ alternative, well donot buy this game! Its nothing like DAYZ! NETHER stands on its own.There are no Friendlies, this is not you Minecraft where you live life happily. This game tests your skills.All the negative rating is coming from DayZ fanboys but let me tell you this game is worth buying if you like REALISM.Follow my Channel for regular LETS PLAY nether videos!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qW2UisGwsHoPray OR Prey.~Ameyadchule"
,Recommended,247730,19889973,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Hoplite,"Bought it for PvEWas not disappointedOh yeah, and the original developers have control over the game again. That means there are now no microtransactions at all and hopefully more content is coming."
,Not Recommended,247730,11006579,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Ryan Bru,"Well, so far I have spent over an hour trying to get it to work - so I have had no real gameplay experience apart from being trapped in spectator mode once I finally got it working. Only buy this game if it is less than £3 - otherwise its not worth the possible faff and waste of time to make it work!"
,Recommended,247730,8086946,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Nyrakav,"Right now, this game is looking a ""Brink"" situation. Great concept, poor execution. currently this game is at F2P quality; not the $29.99 it costs. but then again, it is Early access, and it is indeed far from complete. The game is fun, albeit buggy (Bathrooms are tiny as all hell, you can walk through most objects, etc) and does have a DayZ-esque feel. The enemies are unsettling, gunplay feels good. At the games current state i would give it a solid 7.6/10."
76561198171735290,Not Recommended,247730,29295517,Posted: 16 January,all,Blancey,Apparently the dev came back a few months ago to finish the game off and sort it out once and for all and i played the game a lot then and it was great but i think they have since given up on it again such a promising game unfinished and riddled with bugs and hacks.
,Recommended,247730,8356335,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,ャ✪Acid✪ャ,"Yes, you may have seen some bad reviews on this game but, dont listen to them! This game is amazing and fun. As long as you have a good gaming computer ( if it can run battlefied or skyrim ), you should be set to go. So, grab a friend, buy the game, a just have a boatload of fun while you kill zombies and hunt down enimies. 9.5/10 is what I give this game!!"
,Recommended,247730,17744879,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Arkan,Not bad it takes a good computr to run the game but i injoy playing it :D8/10 good character creation9/10 great free roaming ability7/10 ok multiplayer experience10/10 amazing graphics9/10 good dlc pricing8/10 one of the best multiplayer post apocalyptic games iv played
,Not Recommended,247730,16921985,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Paffo,Was great. Things got changed. Became a good game. Devs got lazy. Became a time waster. Devs forget an antihack. Became a money waster. Devs promise to fix. Game becomes lie. Hacks still flood. Game becomes waste of library space.
,Recommended,247730,8278032,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,^Toasty,fun survival game like dayz but less intence
76561198184531341,Recommended,247730,15779359,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,The Virtuoso,well if you like dayz you will like this and this game is better un like dayz the players arnt the problem the creturs calld nether thes mother ♥♥♥♥ers are hrd to kill man holy shiz good luck if you buy it its only 10 dollers if you want the wacher i think idk remember well get this game its fun
,Not Recommended,247730,16886258,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Hacker,"Wasted 18.6h in this game. yeah right? mother♥♥♥♥ing 18.6h, i almost had a tumor forming into my head beacause of Nether."
76561198101668152,Recommended,247730,19562763,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,IwalkerI,ITS A GOOD GAME NOW
76561198154905026,Not Recommended,247730,19590978,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,superkiller418,"This game has very bad gameplay to even start off with and then it is impossible to find a game without hackers. This game is way to over priced because of its horrible graphics even though it eats up your computers ram and is very laggy, dont waste your money on a 10 dollar game that isnt even worth 2 dollars."
76561198082532552,Recommended,247730,8129094,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,memedaddy,Such a great game. DayZ but better in my opinion. Really fun with friends too
,Recommended,247730,15305323,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Jay,Nether is really fun but it's really hard to find a weapon unless you have the Chosen pack. I wish that there would be more loot spawns but other than that this game is great. 10/10 360 no scope!!
76561198138955613,Not Recommended,247730,17594128,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,TonyTetris,"Do you like this game...""Nether"" do I!"
76561198082579128,Not Recommended,247730,9823306,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,JCoN35,this is the dumbest game i ve ever played it has been in beta for what seems like close to a year and the devs only keep making it worse with every patch and update. Waste of money which they nor steam will refund on any account. Too bad means steam nor phosphor gets another chance as far as im concerned. Why internet shopping cant receive the same customer support as the real world marketplace is beyond me but even moreso the fact that they can get away with it. Keep buying this garbage all you drones and feeding the pigs.
,Not Recommended,247730,9877127,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,BubbaLegoTep,DO NOT GET THIS HORRIBLE GAME HAVE TO HAVE A STUPID ACCOUNT AND IT DOESNT EVEN LET YOU LOG IN TO IT WASTE OF MONEY WANT A REFUND
76561197983426617,Recommended,247730,7636428,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,[KV]*=Beavis=*,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥а кусок =\
,Recommended,247730,28410364,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Alixo,Not bad
76561198072892231,Recommended,247730,18866219,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Brobarticus,"I really like the game, it can be very hard or it can be very eazy on you,(it all depends on the random loot).However there are some bugs in the game that are unwelcome. one of these are the small amount of nether (some times i cant find a single one) in the underground tunnels.another problem with it is the glider function is very complicated for the new person to use and understand in this game. i remember at one time i had a higher level character(29) and i got a hangglider, after i tried to use the glider for the first time i used it to glide from one building top to the other. long story short i jumped hit the side of the building and immediatly fell to my death, all that time i spent getting levels, money and gear down the drain for less then average gliding program.Now for the good about this game and i really mean good. The sound of the environment is amazing, i wish i could explain in words the ectasy and paranoia i felt while exploring the surface but mostly the underground tunnels of the subways station.also the feel and look of the game is beautiful, the lighting and texture is fantastic. the gameplay is fun and the pvp is great when you win the fight and lose the fight, due to the high tension of the fight.this game is really worth the pick up only if you can get a group of friends to play the game as well along side you!"
,Recommended,247730,18833100,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,SpoodTC,"This game is actually really cool, it's like wastleland but with mutant. you can go do mission and a lot more kind of stuffs. The coolest thing that i've seen in this game is safe zone where you can trade your stuffs and buy some weapons, foods to survive the day, the only thing that i don't like much about it is after you died you'll have to start it all over again but really that's the point of survival game just like Dayz you go find weapons, foods, gears for like 2h then suddenly you get shot and die for some stupid reason, well you need to be more carefull anyway cause this is a survival game and that's how theese thing gonna happen to you if you're not being carefull in the game.9/10 Perfect enough for me, worth buying."
76561198111943514,Not Recommended,247730,25294710,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Mustard Warrior,"Game is dead. Dont buy, just get rust.  played for about a hour, no loot, to many monsters and worst of all, no player base. (3 people online on the weekend)"
,Recommended,247730,21694072,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Tuna Salade,7/10I probably just suck at it
76561198048007167,Not Recommended,247730,33326396,Posted: 6 July,all,Atomic,bad
,Not Recommended,247730,10735771,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,T H I C C B O I,I can't believe I was foolish enough to buy this.
,Recommended,247730,15506906,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,BOBO,"Nice gaem, it's good to spend free time ! :D"
,Not Recommended,247730,24279792,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,★Prince Vegeta™,yes i have lack of time playing this gamebut guys dont buy it the devs have completely abandoned it yet again they started it up again hence the name resurrected and just dropped it its massively p2w and the hackers well read any review on a early acess game and they all mention hackers well this is no different its been passed around to different devs and back to originals you try complain on forums say hello to a ban they are money grabbing little pop tarts (yummy)my money has been wasted :(i do not wish to say anything more except if this game comes up in your queRUN FOREST RUN!
,Not Recommended,247730,15549000,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Diesel TM,">they have a really good idea of a game>they make it>they release it>they get a fair amount of money from it>they give up>they say they'll update it again>they take more money>the community hates the developers who made this game and they've ♥♥♥♥ed themselves over so anything they do produce will probably start off with a bad rep>they can only redeem themselves by actually updating the gamei want to buy this game, but i don't want to buy a broken gamefix yo♥♥♥♥♥♥nig"
,Not Recommended,247730,10762313,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Dusksirlink,"I wish I could recommend this game, but its REALLY incomplete.  Nether was really cool, awesome graphics, interesting enemies, and very co-op from what IGN showed.  It was for the longest time really fun.  Then they made it more like Dayz and those types of games.  People kill whoever they see and steal your stuff.  While not fully pay 2 win where you can get clothes for money and a few other things, you can buy weapons, guns, and food.  For a survival game this doesn't seem right.  This game has become kind of a disaster with people running around killing players, updates are no longer coming out as frequently.  I miss when this game was fresh, but now it seems like a generic survival game."
,Not Recommended,247730,28677702,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,✨Rum0r✨,"I bought this game a couple years ago...if i could go back in time and kill my younger self to keep myself from buying this game, i would, but now i own it, and i wasted money on this game. Please, don't make the same mistake i did."
,Not Recommended,247730,28409272,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Clam,This game is Nether updated :c
,Not Recommended,247730,11078273,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Dayton Does ¯\_( ͡°Ꮂ ͡°)_/¯,This game crashes at the launcher every time I try to create a new account.What a piece of trash. I can only imagine how♥♥♥♥♥♥the actual game is.
76561198014660102,Not Recommended,247730,11562963,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Fuck Truck,"The game had so much potential, sad the dev's runied that pretty fast.Without a doubt the most boring game i've played for years.And when the game got filled with hackers nothing really happend to them.Not to talk about everytime these guys make a patch its 1gb+ even tho its minor fixes. I really dont know wtf those guys at the devolopment is doing. 1/10 It should have like 15 metascore."
76561198059533417,Recommended,247730,10477426,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Sir Panda XVII,its alright. i mean they do update often thats not bad
76561198048483939,Recommended,247730,10487667,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Loophole,"I bought this game (being somewhat new to the Zombie MMO genre) and was pleasantly suprised. I actually grew up near Chicago and it was super cool to see some familar locations. I think this game has a TON of potential! As of right now, I would still reccomend this game, as it is really fun to play and the graphics are sweet, but there are some serious design flaws. But lets start off positive first.First off, I really really like the graphics. The map is very detailed and it looks gloomy in a cool apocalypse sorta way. The UI is very nice and clean and it complements the game very well. I also really liked the models in this game. The guns look really nice and I think the players look pretty cool. The sounds in this game are great, even if they are a little repetitive. The Nether noise still freak me out...In my opinon, I believe that the gameplay has some great qualities about it, and some things I really don't like. Of course starting off positive, there's something addictive about going around and seeing if you'll get lucky and either kill a player with guns or find them around. Gunplay is quick and exciting. There is a great diversity in the types of Nethers and they look absolutely terrifying. You can draw a lot of comparisons between Nethers and the monsters in Dark Meadow for iOS and Android (also made by Phosphor Games). It is incredibly intense as you sneak past a roaming Nether or hide from one that was following you. Nethers respond to sound as well as vision. It's really exciting and makes you feel like you're always at risk.Now on to some areas where the game can improve. I think the Nethers' ability to teleport should be an Alpha thing. I feel like it ruins the combat with Nethers. It feels kind of sloppy and unfair. I feel Nethers would still be a challenge even if they didn't teleport. Also, I like the missions idea, but I don't feel like players actually do them or care about them. I'm not exactly sure how you would make missions better, but I haven't even bothered to do one yet.One of the biggest flaws of the game is the loot. They're simply not enough. While it has gotten better with the recent updates, it's still feels random and too rare. You should be able to walk into a grocery store knowing that you will get at least some water bottles or granola bars. I remember when I first got the game and it wasn't until an hour in when I got my first pistol. This severely hampers the gameplay as you will often die with nothing, making you wonder why you even bothered. It's honestly really infuriating.Oh yeah and whats up with the four wheeler/ car thing?! It's pretty much impossible to drive...All in all I would recommend this game to a friend because I really do believe that it will get better. It has enough content right now to keep any player busy.When considering purchasing this game, make sure your okay with playing a super sweet game that is very flawed at the moment. But I have hope for this game and I know there will be a point when I will be playing it nonstop! :D"
,Recommended,247730,10488887,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,The Sly Fox,"This game is a mixed review, meaning that I find myself mentally asking myself, should I change my vote from yes to no. The game itself is fairly appealing, the monsters, Nether as their called, are fairly unique, and the world is large and fun to explore. It's mildly repetative, but for a map so large, that's slightly expected. The real issue with this game is the players who drop you dead. With guns doing 200-400 dmg per shot, and your starting hp being 1000 (there are few ways to increase this, so it'll always be around it, for better or worse), most guns can kill you faster than you can react. Upon death, you lose everything, level, guns, ammo, every item you had. The game has excellent potential, with some fine polish, I think'd do really well.So my final verdict is this; If you buy this game, either stick to servers that are almost completely empty, or expect to die a number of times. I've learned to avoid some problem areas, and that makes the game actually really enjoyable, just a shame that there is such a damper lurking."
,Recommended,247730,10489240,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Purple_Taco_Stain,"Fun as hell as long as you have a friend or two, however prepare to be patient and die frequently. Very good survival game with a strong apocalyptic feel to it."
76561198000789083,Recommended,247730,10487030,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Maximus Testiclies,I have to say this game is brutal which I love. Don’t listen to the PVE People it would take away from the game play.Party/Tribe Voice chat would be nice.But over all you are doing great.
,Recommended,247730,18954463,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Zaos,"This game is back in the proper developers hands. All of the microtransactions and just pointless things have been removed, and the game is going in a positive direction. Hopefully updates will keep on coming."
,Recommended,247730,12710049,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,RFiato,8/10 would recommend.pros:atmosphericgood gameplayfun with friendscheapcons:difficult to run on low end pcglitchs and hackers are found occasionallysome of the newer patches arent that great
76561198120441511,Recommended,247730,12959768,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Lenny Plank le Cuck,"Great Game,But Some BAD Problems Only 3 Servers Now,and Its Very hard to get into A Game,Secondly Safezone Killing and FAction Killing Are two things that should be disabled,But other Wise i Give this game A 7/10 Personaly I Perfer This Over A Game Like day-z And I have had this gam since it came out so i do recomend. (More Loot Than Dayz)Maybe Harder)Also If U do get this game i do recomend not the 10$ Version:)"
76561198162165911,Not Recommended,247730,25762138,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Peter File,Meh!!!
,Not Recommended,247730,25808755,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,chippo,bad game
76561198082680323,Recommended,247730,9641746,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,WARMACH1NE2002,i think who ever made this game make it 32-bit compadable
76561198072839570,Recommended,247730,9315754,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Jelly Drops,"Nether is pretty awesome, you kill aliens and gun down your opposing players on sight."
76561198069297168,Not Recommended,247730,9659671,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,DoGe,"I was deciding between 3 similar themed games, DayZ, Rust and Nether. Read several reviews and videos of the gameplay, and finally decided to pay for Nether because i was told this is the most ""matured"" release among the 3 alphas. Logged into the game and first thing is the character creation. At this very point, players are asked to customize their character. Even before getting into the game, i'm instantly disappointed by the approach the developers are taking for Nether. You are only allowed a total of 2 choices, and both are Males. Being a girl, I'm forced to play a male with soldier cut hair. You can further choose a total of 3 type of faces, but all of them looked the same except for their tan colour. The clothes are similarly disappointing, all of which are same except for 3 choice of colours. So there you go, that was as far as you can customize your character. Any other customization at this point of the game involves real-world money. It is a poor approach as we have paid 14.99 for a game that further asks for more money just to gain access to basics like costumes. Imagine that!Next, in-game. While I fully understand the meaning of Alpha releases, the gameplay is seriously lacking. The servers I joined usually has an average of 20 players. But somehow you almost never see anyone except in the SafeZones (camps where you can purchase things and again spend real world money if you want to buy almost anything that is actually interesting in this game). Sure there are lots and lots of buildings in this game, which one might wish to explore, but you'll soon find out that all the buildings are bare and totally empty and void of any purpose except for players jumping to death from high grounds suicide (so to respawn randomly at better locations)Game objective - this is another very sore point about Nether. This game is NOT about survival in a deserted city. Do not buy this game thinking of this! I did, and was sorely disappointed. There isnt much to do in-game except running around trying to find ""parts of weapons"" so you can craft a weapon and actually start to play the game. But again, you'll be very disappointed to find out that once you die, you restart the game again from ZERO. all your earned skills and items are totally gone. Some may argue that this game is about PvP. Well I loved PvP shooters, but this game does not give you any satisfaction from killing other players. The rewards? Probably some canned drinks and chocolate bars - of which is already so easily found in-game that they do not worth anything. The bullets of your gun is probably worth more than what you gain from killing other players.Perhaps, in the end, people will argue about this game being Alpha, but that doesnt change the fact that everything in-game asks players to spend lots of real-world money. I would forgive this if the game was free to play, but having paid 14.99 for the game and kept being asked for more money to enjoy the game? heck no. Unforgivable.So summary, to anyone planning to purchase this game? I'm willing to give it away if I can. It is horrible. And the last update to the game was a month ago to date. So, expect slow updates."
,Not Recommended,247730,30560104,Posted: 16 March,all,Timewyzard94,"This game sucks so much @$$. First of all, EVERY enemy is way too hard to fight, mix that with a crappy combat system, weapons that all pretty much do the same amount of damage, enemies being able to not only hit you through walls (Yeah it happens) but being able to teleport behind you and hit you as they appear, no melee weapons have realistic reach, meaning that even with a machete you still have to be standing face to face with a nether to hit it. Random ""searchable"" containers either have nothing in them, drop the content over an edge or though a wall, or just need a dumb key to even open for most likely chitty loot to begin with. WASTE OF TIME, WASTE OF SPACE, DO NOT DOWNLOAD, THIS GAME SUCKS, even WITH NEW DEVELOPERS. I honestly feel like they should have paid ME just to install this garbage on my pc."
76561198091688277,Not Recommended,247730,33798636,Posted: 25 July,all,chatherton99,"I went into this game thinking it was the nether from minecraft. Once i saw the scary flying zombie monsters... i pooped myself. they should really put a discalimer on this game saying, ""no child, this isnt minecraft.. go back to mojang and wait till puberty hits you."" So i waited 3 years to play this... but puberty never hit me. So i saw that as an oppurtunity to go and beat up puberty. I lost. The end."
,Not Recommended,247730,34117698,Posted: 8 August,all,KevinGatesLookaLike,"the first time i tried to play this game me and my dad spent about an hour trying to get me into the game and when i finally got in i entered a server and couldnt find any food in the baren wasteland of a city with a very washed out call of duty world at war color palette i later tried it again and got in very easily but once again died of hunger in a boring wasteland, but hey i died with a shovel that time"
,Recommended,247730,8626864,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,1Lt. S. Bubar [508th PIR]-XO-,"Nether is in Early Access, people need to keep that in mind when they are thinking about buying the game. With Early Access you will see bugs, many of them...But, don't let this get in the way of getting on the NETHER TRAIN! This game is quite amazing. It gives you a real feel of being alone, and that hair standing up thrill when you run into other players or monsters.When you see people you have to act quick... Do you run? Do you shoot? Or do you try and become friends? I have learned in my few hours in nether is that if they don't have a bright♥♥♥♥♥green bag, you need to either run or shoot first. The green bag is the starter back pack and normally only those who have recently spawned are caring it, so they really only have a kitchen knife and cant really hurt you unless they get to close. But those who have been playing for a few hours can have an assault weapon, sniper or even a pistol.If you want a game, where every choice you make effects your game play...Then nether is for you!Ps. Shoot first, ask questions later :D""UPDATE 12/17/15""-Left this game ages ago because it went to ****...Just found out the orginal Devs took over again, lets see if its back on the Nether train."
76561198045665255,Not Recommended,247730,28842366,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,eatthatpussy445,How the ♥♥♥♥ is this even a game so horrible
76561198051259414,Not Recommended,247730,16219750,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Sgt Teddybear59,Money-grab. The games dead. Nothing has been added for years.
,Recommended,247730,15014853,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,MrSparklepants,since the resurrected the price has gone down to 5 dollers and it looks amazing and a tip the 'mutants' have black smoke around them
,Recommended,247730,16052652,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Shakensage,Great game but last time i played it there were lots of hackers and they would just kill you right away.
76561198120900596,Recommended,247730,14761872,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Hunter,it wont let me login because of some mber account anit verifying what do I do?
,Recommended,247730,30368240,Posted: 6 March,all,Drained,It had so much potential. but sadly it's dead.
,Recommended,247730,13846915,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,RudolfPufulete hellcase.com,Juke should buy it.
76561198121577787,Not Recommended,247730,30397874,Posted: 8 March,all,Mr Marchant,"So many fond memories... Meeting new people, joining a german clan and having fun pvping. This was when it was first out, now, sadly, the game is dead and I don't see it coming back. However, good frame rates! :DPersonally I felt the game was good fun when you could have an infinite number of weapons, ammo, first aids from killing a hacker and then just pvping constantly with others.Very enjoyable at the time, now, PVE is a thing and why would you play a survival game to fight vs the AI, I can do that for free in Dora the Explorer. DEAD."
,Recommended,247730,9327336,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,M E D I U M S A L A D,"Honestly really love this game, highly recommend!"
,Not Recommended,247730,11108986,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,[LB] Gryff,Won't even run.When I click 'play' is says something along the lines of DSD9 error or something.
76561198094417428,Not Recommended,247730,10715253,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Astral,"before you guys considering to pick up this game up, plz do carefully check the requirement spec carefully and make sure u r able to run the game properly later on. Seems most of the community  are having problem with the launcher stucks and the 32bit prob. this game only works with 64bits."
,Not Recommended,247730,23227826,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Miga-San,I would rather eat a bag of nails than let this waste any more space on my hard drive. I wish i could delete it from my steam account.
76561198066907001,Not Recommended,247730,22854587,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,legion255,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\...."
76561197971190023,Not Recommended,247730,10728948,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,John Locke,been trying to get this to work for 2 hours now i give up its nether going to work
,Not Recommended,247730,16068458,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,{GBSI}One Punch Ace,"I bought this game over a year ago, almost 2, whenever it was on sale for 3 dollars (for the lowest package), the sign up was horrid, bugged to hell, so I never even go the chance to log into the game, if I paid anything more than 3 dollars I'd be utterly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ if you have any ounce of intelligence in the slightest, if any of your brain cells still function, then you will heed my word, DO NOT BUT THIS!"
76561198055552485,Not Recommended,247730,10787946,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Belphi,The most stupid and fakin game ever created!!!!!
,Not Recommended,247730,11906723,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Kenny,"The nether is a horrible game, do not waste any of your hard monney on this piece of sh*t the developers call a ""game"" it wasted my time making some new nether account for a game in which i cannot connect to ther servers , and when i want to exit i have to restart my computer also it messed up my FPS counter and it recorded that i was getting 300000+FPS. I didnt even know it went that high let alone the fact that it is possible. From what i have seen and read, these servers are dominated but paid users on a game in which i paid for in the first place. I have seen videos in which the player spawns walks around and ether gets total demolished by an over 9000 paid user or some horific creature that suddenly erupts from the ground. PLEASE DONT BUY THIS GAME YOU CANT GET A REFFUND AND IT IS HORRIBLE"
76561197994126972,Not Recommended,247730,24099721,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Devanshire,"Sadly you may have better luck finding a pot o gold at the end of a rainbow than a list of redeeming qualities Nether currently has.At the games start, I thought to myself ""Sure. It looks like a post apoc style game, wthat blends in two of my fave genre's...stealth and shoot-em-up. While the game has both of these qualities, one can never really achieve high skill in either.Stealth: 3/10The stealth mechanics are able to be increased with skill levels as the character progresses, however these only work for the creatures hearing and not other players. Other players can still hear you, and when in close proximity can still see your name hover over you no matter how much you are trying to become one with the tall grass. Even with a pegged out ""stealth"" skill set in the character build, you gear does nothing for visual stealth. I have requested to rename my character to Neon-sign Ninja...but was declined. As a player who rather enjoys stealth based games, this one gave promise, but refused to commit.Weaponry: 5/10Some of the weapons are quite unique, and frankly I can appreciate/understand it taking multiple pieces in order to create a gun. However, some melee with very high dmg are easy to find or cheap to buy.   The choice ends up becoming, do you want to try taking out something or someone with a sword, or take a shot, and hope that you do not make enough noise to attract anything in the nearby vicinity. Due to the price of ammo, I have typically chosen the former and gone medieval on anything I can. The high price of ammo and also difficulty to locate/craft all the parts needed for a high end weapon does leave a newer player severly disadvantaged on some servers.Layout/Mobs: 5/10The mobs have a limited number of types and once you see them a couple times, you more or less can go through without a single round of combat with them if you really want. The have set patterns or simply stay in place...staring...unmoving...like a cat at a window. If you move calmly and quietly there iss little issue, but make too much noise or disturb them in any way and they will try to take your face off. The city and mob spawn sites start to get ingrained into your memory after multiple times around the sadly small map.  While it would be quite large if you could enter all buildings, only a few per block have that option, leading people to keep running into each other in farming patterns for gear and other loot.PVP:  3/10After playing pvp in WoW and other games I had certain expectations on how things should playout.  Gear does factor in to a degree, same with lag, and player skill.  This game however has had a staggering amount of negative pvp. Beyond the usual gamking the safe zones can be repeatedly camped, and gear/character level can truly be the deciding factor. Each server has different rules on what PVP actions are allowed, and if someone breaks one, your character is still dead...your gear lost, any player levels lost, and part of your money.  Your only recourse would be to complain to a server admin. While camping/ganking I fully understand are part of any pvp experience, at least in games such as WoW they do not give any exp or other bonuses for attacking a lvl 1 when you are lvl 30...in Nether they still do. Once you are able to make it to max level, it usually means only another well geared player or two can take you out.  You can solo just about anything else the game may throw at you. That being said a tooltip or something on the neon sign of a character name bar hovering just above our hears would help determine if I am about to take out a level 1, just joined the game player, or fight someone of my level.All in all, I game the game my best. I tried it multiple times and maxed out multiple characters in different specs on different servers and sadly the story remains the same. The servers are privately run, the server you like may not be on when you want to play, the mechanics are still broken, and the game has no patches or content updates in sight."
76561198095813433,Not Recommended,247730,22870367,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,The Good Doctor,♥♥♥♥♥♥ glitchy all af
,Recommended,247730,20740990,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Cpt Warisarcy,"Pros:- Something new from all of the zombie survival games- Great quality for the $5 (though I bought it for 99 cents on sale, so even sweeter deal)- Addicting as hell- No microtransactions- Pretty solid gameplay- Very few bugsCons:- Small player count"
,Not Recommended,247730,10395421,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,shokk,"Too tired to write reasons, the game is a disappointment."
76561198058711543,Recommended,247730,10731997,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Old Luki,swag?
,Not Recommended,247730,29061909,Posted: 6 January,all,Belson,I would have rather bought P250 Sand Dunes instead of this game.
,Not Recommended,247730,29107037,Posted: 7 January,all,skinnymomo,Not even worth the Hard drive space :3
76561197968560421,Not Recommended,247730,8530108,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,RandalMcdaniel,"I got this for $11 on sale so i figured i will buy it just to play in a year from now with the hope they polish it over a few times.In its current state nether is just a cheap grab at a quick buck, you can just tell the developers have absolutely zero heart or any love for the art of game development and just only care about conning people out of their money as fast as physically possible. Just another company abusing the ""early acess"" system so they can have an excuse for bringing us an extremely low quality game.You can just tell they just took the unreal engine and just mindlessly threw in every post processing effect they could to make it look good enough to sell people on a quick 30 second long cool looking trailer.There is no keybind options at all. Server list freezes your pc. No real game menu, just boots into a window. No splash screen or anything, feels like a free internet browser adobe flashplayer game.When you run around you can physically run through 85% of the items placed into the game world. Every car you jump on, every fence you try and scale, every ramp you try and run up just shows how poor quality the game is.. Your player jerks around and just never moves around fluidly, its actually the completel opposite of fluid. Beside that your melee item never registers,the enemies are repetitive and predicatable, guns glitch and fire on their own or make no sounds or have no muzzle flash.. Its just a really cheap game.And the fact that the only thing they are adding are more items you can purchase with real money just makes you want to uninstall this game completely and and pretend you lost the 30 dollars while walking down the sidewalk or something.Its just a crappy first person shooter deathmatch in a city map with the occasion black blob monster that is nothing more than a minor distraction."
,Not Recommended,247730,18018963,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,vick,"this game used to be a blast.however it has the same bugs as when i bought it 3 years ago, its completely abandoned and runs like complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ stay away from this game until its out of whatever state its in right now."
,Not Recommended,247730,23074544,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,PHNX#TTG cs.money,"Cool game, great premise, devs lied, don't buy, nether again"
,Not Recommended,247730,23143343,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,ClownFox,"Spawned with friend, did tutorial missions, walked down tunnel and get killed by other player with gun, spawn, walk out of town, get killed again... ♥♥♥♥ this game"
,Not Recommended,247730,22856005,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,sobe™,Bought it on sale. Glad I didn't pay full price.
,Not Recommended,247730,23157955,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Shadow Star,"I can't recommend this game. It has an interesting setting and the AI enemies are quite tough as well but since this is another survival multiplayer game it just becomes another ""Kill on sight"" game. For me, if this game were a Singleplayer or co-op with an interesting storyline and more polished gameplay it would probably turn out to be quite interesting. Since this is most likely not going to be the case it's just frustrating as the monsters are already tough to fight against  and players kill you on sight, so even when you have enough weapons and ammo to fight the monsters, you will eventually die by another player and I don't see any fun in that.If there were massive penalties for killing a player then taht would already change up things.Other than the KOS mentality of the game it's also the gameplay that still feel very unpolished and I think it's been pulles out of early access way too early."
,Not Recommended,247730,22803886,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Aekuems,"My friend bought this for me so we could play a bad open world game together, and it was fun.However a game that is fun with friends is not necessarily a good game, and this is not a good game."
76561198044315160,Not Recommended,247730,22967362,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,tsinistar,"If you bought this game, you don't just deserve a refund, you deserve recompensation for suffering through it."
76561198017040995,Not Recommended,247730,23970664,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Daruud,"Didn't play it for long, but felt like I didn't need to.Not my kind of game, got boring fast, and the universe wasn't too interesting to begin with either.Overall just lacks alot and has a history of switching dev teams. If they somehow were to get a complete overhaul it might be worth it but other than that, hopeless."
76561198095746844,Not Recommended,247730,22988996,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,ToK Flowy,"I use to love playing this game but I went to play it recently and all of my in game purchases were gone, it looks like they rebalanced the game but they erased skins I had bought with real money. PLEASE FIX."
76561198022692534,Not Recommended,247730,23088445,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,TomGiraffe,Very promising at first then it died... just died hard and slow.
76561198123196512,Recommended,247730,9649052,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,BagHead,Can Someone Help Me Sync My Steam With My Nether P.S I Bought It On Steam So Yeah I Need Help
,Recommended,247730,14761499,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,TypicalT,"Cool Fun Game,Recomend!"
,Recommended,247730,14762356,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,My Rival,"Oh wow! This is the best! They fixed it! I can't get mad at this game anymore! Now that i cant get onto a server. Probably the best solution for these Developers. Well Nether, you were way awesome for 3 months. Eerie, Scary, and Rewarding. Maybe one day real developers with a bit of money will defilb this game into what it once was and supposed to be. Now just let the dirt wash over you and sleep peacefully for now."
,Recommended,247730,14507314,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,生 b a d g e r 死,You need to sue your brain for this game! It has its up and downs but overall a fun game! I love that you can Gang up with people or hunt people down! Try to be the top dog and always think before you kill someone you dont know who can be running with them or if they have sniper support!
76561198086832113,Recommended,247730,14753991,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,ChadwickMO,Great game. their are alot of player killers and more than a few glitches but all in all its pretty fun.9/10
,Not Recommended,247730,17053873,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,China No.Juan,HAd such a good thing going.... This had such potental... now its all hackers and 5 or whatnot server globaly.
,Not Recommended,247730,34777344,Posted: 6 September,all,modestsushi,Dev's completely abandoned the game
,Recommended,247730,10142223,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Ink,"10/10 Masterpeice!I Love It Like I Love My Damn CheeseCake!And Trust Me I Love My God-Damn Cheescake!Developers needs a MEDAL Seriousely tho, keep up the good work :)Nether = FUN , FUN = Nether"
,Recommended,247730,10151058,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Buljongmannenヅ,Very fun game 5/5 but how do i hate that you need keys to unlock things...
76561198125269735,Recommended,247730,14101539,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,SM CSGOatse.com | Farmskins.com,"Listen. This game is just for hardcore gamers. If you are the type that hope for amazing loots and stuffs, don't bother. Don't even look at this game. You know why? The moment that you die in this game, you will lost everything. I mean EVERYTHING! From the character, the loots, the stats, all will be gone the moment you die. Wanna play again? You have to create a new character again. This cycle will repeat over, over and over. The game was nearly unforgivable that it won't take any decision to let you live. A total survival game. 8/10."
,Recommended,247730,19323103,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Lost Abyss,"I am very proud of the games development and how it has fixed itself.Props to the developers for what they did to fix this game, i'm proud of what you guys have done! i used to have this game as not recommended, but i am now gonna recommend this game!"
,Not Recommended,247730,11280674,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,grimyWORK,Paid $3.00 and still feel like I got ripped off.
,Not Recommended,247730,16379230,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,nik,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,247730,24404081,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Necdro,rip
,Not Recommended,247730,24035759,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Zerogiantsquid,Had so much potential but it's terrible
76561198153491643,Not Recommended,247730,24410014,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Wrench,its buggy
76561198095926511,Not Recommended,247730,17944040,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Chara,NERVER buy this game WORST EVER
,Not Recommended,247730,10423133,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,-=312th=- Mr. PT™,"This game features no steam support for creating an account so if you purchase through steam, and can't create a Nether account, you're ♥♥♥♥ed and can't play it at all.2 hours later after getting an account, the game still won't launch because the developers servers won't sync with the Steam servers.  Money wasted on this game"
,Not Recommended,247730,10730888,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,DungusMcBungus,i want my refund it wont work
,Recommended,247730,8086930,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,The Real Noc Nad,If i had a nipple for everttiem i died in this game i would haf meny nipls
76561198045362062,Recommended,247730,8123355,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,CrackSmokingMayor,Still in beta but it has some SERIOUS potential. I like where its going
,Recommended,247730,8150948,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Thumper: Lobster of Souls,"This is a pretty good game. it does have a few flaws, but they can fixed with a few patches. what sums this game up is it does every thing ""Infestation"" does, but 100,000,000 times better."
76561197978359954,Recommended,247730,8161731,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Whip Dick Durbin,Awesome
,Recommended,247730,8161102,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Kendrick Lemur,"Aside from all the bugs in the game (expected from a game in beta), this game is a great survival-horror game with some strong RPG elements and an extremely unique set of enemies. The developers are also extremely involved with troubleshooting for the game. Awesome weapons, enemies, and scavenging lies ahead in this game. The only problem aside from the bugs so far is the poor voice communication system. I don't know how to work it, and they never tell you how anywhere in the game. This causes many people to shoot you on sight because they feel you're a threat and don't know how to ask you quickly.I would definitly pick up this game, I don't know about $30-$40 for it, but $20 is a perfect price for this game."
,Not Recommended,247730,8207937,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Moronic Idiot,This game is broken and doesn't even work. The launcher and download speeds are an absolute disgrace. Not even worth a dime.
,Not Recommended,247730,23819098,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,W H Y  U  M A D  B R O ?,"Probably one of the best scenarios of don't count your chickens before you hatch. This game had alot of potential and still does. Sadly the game has been abandoned. This game has been passed down and runned poorly by several devs (1st phosphor, then pure fps which ran several other games to the ground including this one with horrible coding and p2w mechanics, then back to phosphor who at least gave us single player and player hosted servers vs how pure left it which was a ruined game that noone could play since all servers were official servers), and hackers did not help to slow the progression into the downwards spiral. This is truely sad as it was a real potential survival game with an entirely unique atomsphere.To sum up what this game is, think about the metro franchise. Now imagine that humans started living above ground, and it was in england instead. Also imagine instead of a nuclear holocaust war, it was a sunspot that burned everything and the mutants all evolved from a small % of the humans that didn't get incenerated to a crisp. That is nether, an open world metro with factions and mutants that takes place in england.It is very sceneric, and atm its $5. The way it is now theres enough content to keep you busy and give you your money's worth. So if you have a couple of spare dollars and you wanna buy it to try it go ahead, but in all honesty theres no more updates coming anytime soon or at all, and the money can better go towards another game or steam items. It is also very buggy and has a ton of glitches and exploits like any other early access game (warning you ahead of time).to go more in-depth for anyone actually thinking of buying it to try it out or just wants to know more about the game:nether is an open world survival set in a post-apacolyptic world after the largest recorded sun spot in earth's history happened, wiping most inhabitants that were unlucky enough to be exposed to the solar rays. Most people, animals, and plants died. A small % of exposed humans were mutated by the sun spot's rays into what are known as nether. Few humans did survive that were not exposed to the rays enough to perish or be mutated, which you play as one of. Your one goal: surviveThere are several species of nether, including a boss nether that has smaller nether around him for protection. All nether have the ability to teleport and can be alerted by loud noises or if they are attacked by survivors. Each nether can drop nether parts, supplies, weapons, and xp towards your character.basic nethers:crawlers=basic nether that have low health, low damage, and are fast. They attack in packs, however, so they can overun you easily if not prepared.the forgotten=1/2 nether 1/2 human or nether that stopped 1/2 through the mutation process. They explode if they get too near or if you hit them/shoot them. Literal ticking timebombs, however they are slow and hard to come by.shriekers=loud nether that scream and attract other nether to help if they spot survivors or are damaged. They can also blur vision if they get to close by spitting on survivors.watchers=red glowing eyed nether that use their eyes as spotlights to catch survivors in their sights, although that alone gives them away sometimes. mid-health and also blur vision by throwing up on survivors.hunters=fast agile and moderate health nether that hunt in packs, like the crawlers. They use sneak attacks and usually attack by spraying bone shards from their exposed rib-cages. It has a low range, but can deal massive damage in a short time to unaware or surprised survivors.golems=large elephant feet-like nether that can tank alot of damage. They are slow, but their main usefulness is tanking damage as well as dishing out massive damage that can cripple or even kill survivors in one-hit.mantids=flying nether that spit fire on survivors. Aside from that, they usually are found mainly on the rooftops of buildings.bossreaper=boss nether that appears as an event with its own message. They are fast and agile, can tank massive amounts of damage (more than any nether) can dish out massive damage from their razor sharp blades, and are always surrounded by a mass group of other nether. If defeated, they drop a ton of loot including money, food, health supplies, guns and ammo, and other nether items including exclusive reaper blades (although this is bugged and sometimes they don't drop anything).Your play as a survivor, who must deal with nether as you explore and survive to obtain supplies such as food, health items, money, and weapons and ammo. Your character lvls up by doing certain tasks such as killing nether, completing objectives, or through other means. You must also deal with other players on servers with pvp active.There are safezones throughout the map. Each safezone is an outpost that has posts for trading, buying and selling, storing items, and is a general safehaven from nether and other players (players cannot shoot inside active safezones). These safezones, however; are only temporary and they do have their generators and anti-nether devices breakdown as events. If so, pvp is enabled (on pvp servers) and nether invade the outpost. They can be made safezones again by restarting the generators or fixing the anti-nether devices. If successful everyone involved gets xp, the safezone becomes safe again for trading and other tasks, and all the nether inside the safezone despawn. If not repaired during an alotted time, the safezone becomes downed for a given time before they are made back into safezones again.each player gets bonuses from lvling up including more perks when respawning if you die and skill points. Skill points are used to lvl up your character. They are lost upon death, but theres a small amount before you max them out so its not a big worry. You lvl up your character by doing tasks in-game such as killing nether or objectives. theres a skill tree that unlocks skills based on the branch from sneaking, to more gun/melee damage, sprinting, and more. Theres a character based lvl up that caps at lvl 31 and a global lvl up system that tracks progress as a whole rather than each character. The global system also doesn't reset upon death."
,Not Recommended,247730,30427333,Posted: 10 March,all,alexknight2005,Within 10 minutes the game has crashed twice and the servers kicked me out once; not to mention each time you log in you are thrown into a random location so if your needing to get to the store do it before you log out if not your screwed!
,Not Recommended,247730,11591816,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,GodzillaGandalf,"It kinda sucks, but it has potential."
76561197970701643,Not Recommended,247730,23460996,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,Crap. Might as well have burnt my money.
,Not Recommended,247730,10247763,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Barbosa706,I played it for a while but I uninstalled it! It was fun at first but after a while it gets boring specially if you can't stock up with ammo or anything since you have limited space.
,Recommended,247730,9319825,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,∞✪Deadlead2000✪∞ csgolive.com,highly recommend you get this game or die in it at least if your not good at games but still everyone might be bad at it
,Not Recommended,247730,25847165,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,RODE_85,"Well where to start? The game was released on early access back in 2013, barely updated was abandoned the someone else took over did a few updates then removed it from early access. There aren't many people playing so if you want to play for pvp don't bother, but if you want to play solo or with a friend against creatures then it's ideal. The game has a good size map and runs pretty well, but all to do is run around looking for loot hoping to find food, drinks and weapons before you get killed my creatures."
,Not Recommended,247730,11876463,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,DrugsBunny,♥♥♥♥♥poor game that went P2W and its really unstable was months before i could play it and still theres constant crashes and server errors also the original company who made the game have since sold out... so they dont even own the game anymore it looks good but thats about it!Games are also full of hackers so it makes it 0 fun to play plus all the bugs and stuff do no waste your money on this game you have been warned!
,Not Recommended,247730,9945027,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Christ died for our Spins,"This game is full of nothing but people that will kill you on sight. Unless you want to constantly watch people loot your body, DO NOT BUY Go buy infestation: survivor stories instead."
76561198136588310,Recommended,247730,14492750,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,[VI]Lancer Dudo Dubudoruma,"(Wait, wait, wait, my friend played this game NOW and said it was fine. Did the devs actually get off their asses and remove their thumbs and fix it? Or was it some sorta wierd server?) Anyways, before the goddamn devs decided to bail, this game was AMAZING! I had SO much fun playing, as the enemies arent TOO tough, and surviving is fairly easy. The hunger bar is good, and pairing with a friend is really the only way to play, in my expierience. Like in all survival games, (For me personally.) playing alone just feels like its dragging on, and having someone to watch your back, especially in multiplayer games, is a great asset. The monsters themselves have an... interesting concept, as the different kinds are fun to play against.To play as a nether, IT IS NEARLY IMPOSSIBLE. Being a nether was basically half the reason I bought the game, and was severly dissapointed. You need gold, which is the part which is impossible to get. The guns have good physics, and PvP is  heavily based on who shoots first, which i may not like, but is hard not to put in a game with extensive PvP. BUT, like in GTA, Minecraft, Dayz, and any multiplayer game, DO NOT TRUST ANYONE. AT. ALL. As I said before, bring a friend, and your experience will be enhanced exponentially. The diversity of the weapons and cosmetics , (I think those exist) is pretty diverse. Oh, and one of the better parts of the game, there are vendors in-game, who take your money and stuff for other stuff. In high pop servers, these mostly exists as troll stations and ambush points, for trolls and desperate people camp there. Overall, a 7/10."
,Recommended,247730,28582106,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,ZAMINXX,Good Game I wish my computer could handle it!
76561198272060137,Not Recommended,247730,21880007,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Nerdman,"developers abandoned this game. its a sandbox.. thats about all that can be said about it, lame as hell"
76561198067547001,Not Recommended,247730,21954058,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Avernus,dont buy this game.thats all.
,Not Recommended,247730,10833958,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Mr. Pro,Absolute garbage.
,Not Recommended,247730,7965359,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Threelibras,A big ol.... Meh...
,Not Recommended,247730,10428672,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,shaggy shekel,"This is an EARLY ACCESS game, don't be fooled by lazy devs!"
76561198107468206,Not Recommended,247730,34545155,Posted: 27 August,all,Vilarenso,Laggtastic and probably is the definition of cancer community
,Not Recommended,247730,8196138,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Terminal Meltdown,"This game is a piece of shhhit.    Please read the forums before considering purchasing this game.  You'll see that there are thousands of complaints about connection/syncing issues, game freezes and that it's just an all around boring POS.The developers spent all of their time making a map and forgot about making a game. Completely boring with nothing to do.Seems like now a days game developers just put a out bunch of crap to see if they can collect a free paycheck from unsuspecting consumers. Absolutely pathetic. If I could hit a refund button I would, but Steam is a oneway ripoff by design."
,Not Recommended,247730,10873669,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,proud kebab,DO NOT BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥ BURN YOUR MONEY INSTEAD.
,Recommended,247730,18964297,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Chris mori my @$$,"A hacker stole my kitchen knife, I demand a refund."
76561198118036809,Recommended,247730,35190369,Posted: 24 September,all,「Ｒｅ：Ｄｉａｌ」 sXySakura,"When you're being so cautious, but a monster still finds you, and you♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants trying to run or defend yourself."
76561197979614766,Recommended,247730,33574159,Posted: 15 July,all,yeendy,"i enoyed this game in early access. Stopped playing beacuse of the grieffer mentality of the players base. some unfortunate things happned with the devs and producers, but i very much enjoy having it as a single player experience."
,Not Recommended,247730,7752769,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Dekaai,DO NOT BUY!! This game is extremely broken and unplayable. The launcher doesnt work so i cannot even download the game... Support is useless as the do not know how to fix anything (Nor make a client)... Do no buy!!!
,Not Recommended,247730,7551972,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Vilheim,Whatever you do. Do NOT buy this game.
,Recommended,247730,12645139,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Leon,"This game is hard to describe or to review - even after playing almost 1000 hours. Nether is, by far, the most atmospheric survival game/shooter I've ever played. The abandoned city (based on Chicago) with it's grass flooded streets, skyscapers and strange creatures is a truly thrilling environment. Combined with it's challenging PVP part this game generates adrenalin rushes like no other. Expect to die, expect it often. Don't expect to find friendly players outside the safe zones. The faster you learn this lesson, the more fun it provides.The graphics, made with Unreal Engine 3, is quite good but, like other sandbox games with their huge maps, is quite demanding concerning your hardware. The sound effects are simply amazing. The first ""Shrieker"" will scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you, I promise.But this game has two problems. First: Bugs. Nether started n as an early access game on Steam, so nobody expects a perfect game. But even after a year, it still suffers from many bugs and glitches. None of them are truly game breaking, but some of them can be quite annyoing over time. Second: Hackers. For months the community requested help from the developers, nothing happend. On Steam, Nether is suppost to have VAC protection, but either it isn't working or ineffective.Both problems can make it very hard for new players to fall in love with the world of Nether. I am familiar with the game and its problems and I still enjoy every second in Nether. Playing Nether as a lone wolf offers the ultimate survival experience, because you never know what's behind the next corner."
76561198086758882,Recommended,247730,8149927,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Zappieroth132,recommended yes BUT and a big BUTi have to warn before buying this game consider having major problems getting it workingat this very moment the support is poor VERY poorthe register system is a b!tsand loads of people cant even get the game workingthe games gameplay besides is great flawless for as an early acces as it is no lagand bugs are at their minimumtheres a big world to explore and shooting other players and slicing nether into despair is crazy fun
76561198021962839,Recommended,247730,19167777,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,rogueci5,"Ok Be Advised! The Nether is not for frightened little girls!You will DIE a lot in this game and when you DIE you will lose everything in you're:> back pack inventory.> all perks are lost - reset to zero.> a percentage of your ready cash in the bank is lost (%10 I think).And of course you lose your dignity in front of your family for crying out loud ""NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO"" and then slowly weeping like a sad little girl.Things you WILL DIE from:> YOU - you will kill yourself more often than not.> Nether - you will DIE when they swarm you.> Other Survivors - They will KILL YOU for what they think you may have.> The Developers - ""unintentional"" but a fire escape landing at 12 stories that has not had its physics enabled is a DEATH      TRAP and you will DIE.> Friends - They will at some point KILL YOU maybe by Friendly Fire or maybe because they are not your friend?.> YOU - I think I cannot stress this enough, I have killed myself more times trying to leap to other buildings while not having a glider in my backpack.Note: in Single-play you will not have to worry about friends or survivors.Bugs:There are quite a few but as Nether was in Beta and still is so, I expected that and I have not found a game breaking bug as yet.The game over all:I am told the game engine is Unreal 3, however it reminds me more of a Unity Build graphic wise, simular to Beasts of Prey (Bop)> In game entities are good and makes the post-apocalyptic very real.> Map is quite large and well laid out.> The textures are reasonable.> Enemy AI - When you first start, these guys are SCARY and unpredictable, and of course then you DIE, see ""slowly weeping"" above.Game Play:> Perk System - works well.> Clan System - I am of course in the STALKER Clan :D> Open world - do what you want when you want to.> No story to follow as such, which I like.> Escort missions are available (more than likely you will DIE).> Transportation of goods missions are available.> Killing a nasty kind of Nether missions are available (more than likely you will DIE some more).> Defending missions - the Safe Zone (yeah you will DIE).> Searching for everything - Not a mission but necessary to survival, no food guess what :) YOU DIE!> Loot Drops -  not a mission but provides some great free stuff (yep DEAD AGAIN if you're not careful)> Hunting other players - not a mission but provides an income (you may DIE or not).OVERALL:I enjoy this game!There is no grinding or running all over the map to get things done, day in and day out. No daily missions you have to do.So just take your concrete pill and harden the XXXX UP! Just get in game kill or be killed! Or survive until you DIE.Graphics: 5 / 10Game Play 7 / 10Reading Little Girls review's of  this game PRICELESS"
76561198031761985,Not Recommended,247730,8047212,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,[AC30] pistolwhip,WORST ♥♥♥♥ing game ever EVERNO controll settingsNO help menueWORST controlls everWORST graphics EVERTHIS IS THE SINGLE MOST BIGGEST DESCRACE OF A GAMEIFEEL ROBBED OF MY MONEY AND MY TIMEDO NOT BUY IT DO NOT EVER THINK OF WASTING ONE SECOND GOING THROUGH ALL THE INSTALL BULL♥♥♥♥♥♥FOR THIS CRAP
,Not Recommended,247730,7767851,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Sexy Cripple Sauron,WarZ with aliens.
,Not Recommended,247730,34448940,Posted: 23 August,all,NShift - Shifting,"was bad, still bad"
76561197964096634,Not Recommended,247730,18835801,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Zothen,"Unfinished, buggy, lack of content, sometimes nice visuals with often blurry textures, horrible AI pathfinding, monsters hitting trough walls, rather small map, no building and too many cheaters! You can somewhat play it but it grows boring pretty fast.Overall Nether would need a lot of work to spend more time with it and make it worth any money. But I doesnt look as if any more substancial development will happen! Wasted potential.Better play 7dtd instead (or other better developed survival games).The annoucement of modding tools can bring a change, but so far its not much more than a promise.We will see!"
,Recommended,247730,8826153,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,=GGS= Crixus,"THE best survival game currently on the market. Far better than DayZ & Rust. I cannot recommend this game enough.Great devs,Great game,Great Community."
,Not Recommended,247730,12585028,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Young Mahatma,There was a black person so I hate it.
,Recommended,247730,7870657,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Mew,"Hi!After hearing all the WarZ2 legends, pardon i mean Infestation surviver storys 2 legends.. i was not looking forward to this game. I loved DayZ and hated WarZ, and i imagined it to be a cheap WarZ double. BUT HEY! I am still playing it! And the game is developing into a really neat game!The game looks awesome and one big like is for the Nethers! I always wished a game where the enemies were not just the other players, i mean serious enemies, not the stupid airhead zombies from dayZ, and at the beginning the nethers are a serious problem.The game needs to develop and to be honest i would buy it later...Its just way to expensive and feels like a pre-alpha. BIG HOPES ON THIS ONE!"
,Recommended,247730,26175960,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,[Infernal Canine] RetroFox,This game gave me stage 10 pancreatic cancer
,Recommended,247730,12915559,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Equilibrium@DGC,I love this game.....but they really need to add more guns and equipment :P
,Recommended,247730,22829543,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Miles,"I am absolute sucker for survival games, and this is probably one of my favourites. The environment is stunning, and the map is really well made. I thoroughly enjoy playing this game, and really do recommend it if you're looking for a survival game that can be both PVP and PVE."
76561198103509544,Not Recommended,247730,8700960,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Pac,NO PAY 20$ FOR THIS GAME !!! REALLY♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME!!!!
76561198033316112,Not Recommended,247730,10352604,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,GodZilla,"It is a good chance it will fall over before Release.Save your money look elsewhere.All Servers will finish 9/26/2015.The game is Dead, the Servers are Dead.There is no game anymore."
,Not Recommended,247730,8168807,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Flying SkinS,"I waited for 5 hours allready to be able to play this game. Still nothing has changed since I purchased it. I don't recommend this to anyone, as they are gone over the weekend. So we Gamers have to wait to Monday till they are back in their office. Truly unprofessional.Wish some companies could be like Mojang"
,Not Recommended,247730,22881243,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,JoKayz,This game looked fun...I purchased it while on sale and then quickly regretted it.  I ran into only a handful of players.  It was not that fun.
,Not Recommended,247730,22713313,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Historical,You run around for about 20 minFind a candy barEat candy barRepeat
,Recommended,247730,8271728,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,A less then great operator,"Nether is something different indeed. Please understand before reading these reviews that plenty of Dayz fanboys/girls roam here, ready to criticise it's competitors.In my opinion, Nether provides something different to the zombie survival genre of games which has recently popped up out of nowhere. Not only are there variation in enemy type, the game has a PURPOSE. In similar games I found that what I was doing was running around to search for loot, and then use the loot to kill someone else with. It all seemed a little redundant. However, in this game, they provide you with a purpose. Such as heavy 'courier' packages which must be delivered for a reward. Airdrops of supplies, which are often faught over.People argue that this game is too focused on the PvP side of things, however I find that very hard to believe. If you see someone at a medium enough range (20m), and decide to fire upon them, that could very well be the end of you too. And I suspect that has angered alot of people looking mindless for PvP in this game.I also believe the currency in the game is far and balanced, after doing a few courier runs you'll find you have plenty of money to sustain yourself, for a little while at least!However, yes. The game is not ALL good. The animations need serious work. Players will often glide around the place without actually moving. I'm not sure if this is induced by lag or whatnot, but it is an issue nonetheless. The variety of weapons is nice, but some more could always be added. (I believe they are, with every patch comes something new!). The game runs terribly on my PC, it just can't handle it well. But I will stand by this game, it really is something else. Please, I emplore you, ask me questions about it if you are having second thoughts, i'll be happy to answer them!I hope this was usefull to at least one person out there.To all who already play the game.... Good luck out there!"
,Recommended,247730,8113034,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,☣ Лордус ☣,"Such a heart racing game, you don't know if you're being stalked by another player or what you should do if you see someones back to you while under pressure!Amazing so far and there will be many improving updates to come.I just finished playing and as I was walking through the streets with my gas operated shotgun and suddenly I see someone creeping around the corner with an MG, then BAM! It's such a rush seeing the loot fall out and then the rush just to loot and then get out of there since someone might have seen you!If you like scary types of demons poping out of the ground and scaling up buildings into new heights with heart pumping combat then grab this game now!I will warn you however, seting this game up and linking this to Steam was a pain in the a**, head to the forums if this happens..."
,Recommended,247730,24546500,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Grape Soda Man,Eh :/
76561198058949457,Not Recommended,247730,7756151,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,ezaccess,should be single player as well as multiplayer
76561198082123756,Not Recommended,247730,15733886,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Lil Broomstick,"Recently the orginal devs got back to developing this game so i decided that i would give it a second chance. Boy what a mistake that was. Two years literallly nothing new has been added. Same map same guns same everything. Instead of adding new content theyve removed content like the hunger bar and removing food entirely from the game. There are no offical servers online with only a couple of community servers online. There is hardly anything to do in this game besides shoot nether which and shoot other players or just wander around the map for hours just trying to find one of a nether or player. This game is horrible it isnt worth the orignal 15 dollars i paid for it isnt worth the 5 dollars its been dropped down too and it isnt even worth the 1 dollar it was during sales. This game should be free to play and i feel like i should be compensated for my time wasted playing this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. My stance hasnt changed so hey devs......................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\.."
76561197966205698,Recommended,247730,10847954,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,KusHPerkyP,Why people are hating on this game so much I do not have the slightest  clue. Sure there is a couple of glitches/bugs but nothing to make me write a big ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t review on how crap the game is just because everyone else says so. Had no problems joining friends or servers and gameplay is intense. Never been shot leaving the safe zone and  its good to lose all ur stats and items when you die as it makes you want to survive alot longer which is easily possible with a mate or two. I paid £2.99 in the sale and would have been happy to pay £15 or more.
76561198028150578,Not Recommended,247730,19273599,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Kainos,"This Autumn Sale had a good deal on Nether's new ""unistall simulation update"" for only $1.99....worked flawless."
76561198106831232,Recommended,247730,10351915,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Doge,Much monsters. Such fun. Wow.
,Not Recommended,247730,9239497,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Medical Pizza,Almost as good as war z.
76561198071073421,Recommended,247730,14019704,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Kuntz,i jumped off of a building and killed myself because of reasons...10/10
76561198060547904,Recommended,247730,12719757,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Mr P,"I think this game is a great game, it has everything I love, good graphics, good controls, and good setup. Its sort of like dayz where you scavenge for items and sometimes you come across other people and sometimes they will friendly and sometimes they will shoot you in the head. Well, Nether is just that except with a smaller maps and an easier and less complicated design for getting gear. Unlike dayz this game has a ranking system in which you can upgrade your skill tree by getting xp. I like to find guns and do what everyone hates, kill on sight. Of course this game has its downsides, #1 I have not met a single person who doesn't try to kill me even people without guns, the monsters (zombies) are way to easy- YOU CAN KILL THEM WITH A FRICKEN' BUTTERKNIFE- There are barely ANY items food and drink wise that you can find besides going to the frequent loot drops. So overall I will give this game a 8.2/10 and I recommend this to anyone who loves openworld survival/pvp games :D"
,Not Recommended,247730,8669453,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Teenage Dora the sex explorer,"half ppl cant run ""beta"" ,a great bowl of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ try sitting in alpha for longer"
,Recommended,247730,28750086,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Arttu motskari,"The Real Nether reviewOkey, You can now just forget those all negative reviews.. Im going to give this review like this game it needs.First of all, i bought the game when it came out and played it now and then, at first it was ♥♥♥♥en awesome, serves full of players and the new ""monster"" kind of scene was just horrifying, the game felt really scary and you was always on your toes. and it is like that to this day, the atmosphere is awesome. the level of detail is awesome, this is the most detailed survival game to this day, Just playing it gives you the immersion.. you just feel the apocalypse.Okey, then the developers f**ked up! they added pay2win elements, which broke the game and they lost their playerbase. But, They still listened them who didnt leave, they removed pay2win elements and now its completly playabele again.Im just saying that dont listen to these negative ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. This game is must have if you are survival game player, the atmosphere, immersion, gun play. everything is just solid and good. there is little to no bugs and everything just feels so good and the game plays even with your toaster, you will be scared, you will run for your life and you will have amazing PvP/PvE moments.This is real review for nether. Im not a huge fan, i have only played 40+ hours. But i can say that this is one of the best atmospheres on survival game market and you should even try it."
,Not Recommended,247730,12801988,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,alan sleep,the screenshots are a lie
,Not Recommended,247730,12255847,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,┐AkH└ Butcher,"A filthy cash grab. It's like playing a Chinese game, but worse."
,Recommended,247730,8033032,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,bobthebuilder,Fantastic Game has lot of potential please support!
,Not Recommended,247730,21114360,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,PringDing,"It didn't take me long to notice some of the problems with this game, I paid $1.99 and it was still a waste of my money (thank Gaben for steam refunds). Anyways the first thing that was pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥was the movement, I don't know what it was but it just felt very clunky. Then I sunk into the floor. That's when I quit and left the game and went to get my money back. So in my 10 minutes of gameplay I witnessed outdated graphics, bugs and glitches, and horrible AI that was too easy to kill in this so called ""survival"" game. 3/10 Outdated graphics, empty servers, bad AI, and bugs. There is a certain type of person that could probably enjoy this game but I utterly hated the thing. So if you do happen to get the game I hope that you either enjoy it or refund it before its too late."
,Not Recommended,247730,9620868,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Mr Roasted,"You have to wait 24 hours before you can even play this. You have to wait for your account to be ""verefied"".Dont waste your money, the devs are clearly clueless with their confusing account management, and they have convinently left out the part where it takes 24 hours to even get a chance to begin downloading....Gj."
76561198166028525,Recommended,247730,29801819,Posted: 9 February,all,Dragonslayer8623,Really good game with great graphics and awesome gameplay
76561198029996386,Not Recommended,247730,8195142,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,CloroxQueen,Micro Transactions! :D
76561198110041398,Recommended,247730,12575657,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Malachi Geer,This game is the best 10$ steam game i have ever spent on. The community is nice (sometimes) its exetremely better than dayz and not 35$. The things that kill you most are the creatures (nether) and its not that hard to get a low quality gun at first and you can put your stuff in a global bank. Only for you and so if you keep the stuff ion the global bank you can die and get it back. And the graphics are amazing and so is the adventure I TOTALLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME and i have no idea why everyone is rating it with a down sign :(
,Not Recommended,247730,8616162,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Strig,enjoy your kitchen knife ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198083809662,Not Recommended,247730,24626422,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,MemePolice420,Cringe
76561197996243113,Not Recommended,247730,9467041,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,iPunani,do not buy
76561198002237272,Not Recommended,247730,9097132,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,AMcGee87,This game is still in very early development and not that great yet. If that changes i will change my recommendation but as of now its very much crap and not worth your time.
,Not Recommended,247730,8465263,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,pizzinat0r,[DO NOT BUY THIS IT'S A FALSE ADVERTISMENT!]First off the Screenshoots are false advertisments and look nothing like the game. The screen shot look AAA next gen but really PS2 Graphics with terrible lighting. The product you see in the Store is not the product your paying for. Also this is a pay to win so don't cry if you drained your bank account on a game that is a scam. WarZ/Infestation is the same thing in many ways. The city looks great but is very laggy and since the devs are trying to do a quick cash in to finish their game before Dayz this means the game will look the same. But like I said the Steam Store pictures and videos are not what your paying for.
76561198061389802,Recommended,247730,10222070,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,dark_rossi,its a very very intense game
76561198149656908,Not Recommended,247730,24581869,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Sir.Juan,meh
,Not Recommended,247730,9468275,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,•MІЯЯОЯ•,average livetime 5 minutes until someone shoots you and steals your stuff. After 2 hours of playing i didnt even made it to level 2. I stopped playing. lemme know when they disable friendly fire.
76561198079891044,Recommended,247730,10292870,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,LAND LORD DANGLEBUNS,Good idea of a game still a work in progress i love it
,Not Recommended,247730,33141457,Posted: 2 July,all,Sneaker Bugger,i pley dis gayme wit gut compooter n nobooty en et!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,247730,17005667,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Fishken,"Alien demon banana people want your souls. and your money. Wait, thats just the developers."
,Not Recommended,247730,18809580,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Санёк228,Game settings are nice but NPCs and gameplay as a whole totally suck. Disappointed.
76561198022460201,Not Recommended,247730,24549664,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Savinwraith,Could have spent the $5 on coffee and gotten more and longer enjoyment.
76561198067126026,Recommended,247730,12017710,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Darkstorm,About as good as a Justin Bieber song10/10
,Recommended,247730,9039689,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Trap king,This an amazing game to play.when you have a froup it makes it even better. the gameplay is nice and the overall stuff you can do makes it worth it.
,Not Recommended,247730,8053959,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Ruffy,"Lets start at 10/10.-2: No party system.-2: RPG elements that are rendered absolutely useless because internet ♥♥♥♥ kill you on sight. (I wouldn't mind this if I kept my level and my perks through death)-2: No keybinds, or Audio settings-2: For making a DayZ clone in First Person-1: No NPC's, no quests, no story line advancement, no back story just mindless walking around, get shot, respawn and repeat-1: Instead of you paying ME to Beta test for you (Not even an open beta test for this garbage), you had me pay YOU to Beta testEnd result 0/10 would not suggest, will not play again unless at least half of the above is added. (I'll watch the patch notes for them)"
,Recommended,247730,8082481,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Erdinyo Barboza,Mail Man Simulator Extreme AKA Nether is a great game if you want to be a mailman or wonder what would it feel like! Btw the dogs can teleport in extreme difficulty which is the only setting!
,Not Recommended,247730,8111380,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Talq,Made me want to kill myself -Kenny_Kun
76561198107734948,Recommended,247730,8153150,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Fedora The Explorer,"I bought this game earlier today. I was sceptical, obviously, given the amount of negative reviews surrounding the game; too much emphasis on PvP, poor design... you get the picture. But, I do love myself some good ol' survival horror, so I bought two copies (One for myself, one for my friend) and we gave the game a go.Before I continue, I'd just like to emphasise that this game is indeed early access; it is not yet completed, and has a long way to go before it will be a finished product. With that in mind, here's my opinion,I was amazed. Genuinely amazed. The graphics are on par, if not better, then some high-budget releases these days. The games map style feels, to me at least, like a cross between Fallout 3 and The Last of Us; rubble and destroyed cars cover the streets, and nature has rapidly regained a foothold, with entire streets coated in near man sized weeds and grass. Building lay desolate, and fires were abundant. I felt as though I was stepping directly into a destroy, crippled world, which felt surprisingly fresh when compared to the relatively clean map design (that is to say, not destroyed) of such other survival games, like DayZ and WarZ (or whatever it's calling itself now). I had to constantly remind myself that this wasn't even the finished product, and that it could only get better.Secondly, the gameplay. The premise is simply, and has been done countless times before; you wander, looking for supplies to stay alive, whilst fending off other players and the enemies, which in this case were the bizzare, almost alien 'Nethers'. The Nethers are implemented great; there isn't too many, or too few of them. One moment, you could be walking down an abandoned street with nobody in sight, whilst another you could be sprinting up towards a rooftop with a whole host of those creatures after you. I've only played for a fair few hours, but the Nether didn't seem to grow tiring or tedious to fight at all, which is more than I can say for certain other survival games (*Cough* DayZ Zombies *Cough*).Walking around is still pretty buggy, but that's to be expected; sometimes you might walk through a pile of garbage or a desk, whilst others you might lag sligtly while jumping over something.These things need to be addressed, but they are no where near game breaking by any means. The loot system seems to work well so far as well; whilst at first I felt as though there was nothing to be found, once I got the hang of the game, I quickly learnt where to search to get my character going.And finally, we have what seems to be the biggest complaint I've seen about the game so far; its insistance on PvP.Look, this isn't the kind of game where you're going to walk around and find a group of people to join up with. That might happen, but it'll be rare. Finding people isn't as rare as it is on DayZ, but is still uncommon. People will shoot on sight. The game feels best when played with friends, people you already know and trust; don't go expecting people not to kill your for your knife, cause they will. So yeah, I can understand why people playing alone would complain about the PvP, because it honstely doesn't feel like a game you should play alone. Grab a friend or two and meet up, and you're bound to have a good time.This game isn't perfect by any means, but claiming that it's a 1/10 is just rediculous. As it is now, I'd give it a solid 7/10, and it really can only get better. At £8.99  as I'm writing this review, it is definately worth the cash."
76561198002922417,Recommended,247730,8156040,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,The Dude,"... but this game needs to ""cook"" a little bit more in my opinion. Looks amazing!"
,Recommended,247730,8187110,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,estebrunette,"""Rapture Simulator (insert current year here)""I personally think this game is great, it's got nice graphics, the gameplay is fun, the devs just need to update it more often, it would really suck if they were to drop the idea, the game has alot of potential."
,Not Recommended,247730,8072377,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Period,"I have bought the game on october 20.. I have yet to play it. So no, dont."
76561198019434826,Not Recommended,247730,8098268,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Tuschz,Never ever get this game. It promises so much and dissapoints sooo much. there is nothing survival about this game. it is picking up a shotgun and go bananas on other players.
,Not Recommended,247730,8155135,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,James Bong,"Looks Great, But its garbage..."
,Not Recommended,247730,8175504,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Helios177,"Don't buy this game, made by the people who made the WarZ"
,Recommended,247730,8182382,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,fizzy liftiing drink man,Nether is a open world survival mmo combining intresting monsters and combat with a beuatiful game world i highly reccomend this game.
,Not Recommended,247730,8112552,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,LameWalletChain,"PVP KOS ONLY!I love the trailer for this game but don't be fooled! This game isn't an Action RPG - it is a Player-Vs-Player Shooter.  There is little-to-no story, no characters, no point. You will log onto the game and promptly be killed by another player and lose everything. You'll have to start over and the exact same thing will happen again. And again.The fifth time you'll try sneaking around and instead of another player you'll run into a demon bad guy! You'll barely defeat it with your knife, your avatar will earn a new level and also find a cool gun! Before you've figure out how to equip your new gun another player who was hiding on the roof will kill you and you'll have to start over.So if you're the kind of person who is really into competive PVP games where the point is to just kill on sight (KOS) then this game is probably for you. Also we should not be friends.  Seriously - if you're into this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t you should really examine why you feel like you need to spend your leisure time trolling other people."
,Recommended,247730,10760469,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,z/z/z,This game is not fully finished and if you can't tolerate annoying bugs don't buy it. I find it fun but no worth $15 atm. I payed $3 and am thoroughly enjoying it. MAKE SURE YOU CHECK THE SPECS. 64 BIT REQUIRED.
,Not Recommended,247730,19058072,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,punani armani,2 many hackers not gud not gud
,Not Recommended,247730,19645267,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,thrasher204,such a terrible game i got it for 5 bucks and i still feel ripped off. i wish i was able to get a refund for this
,Recommended,247730,19705519,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Jesse-Star,"Fun, but needs more content."
,Recommended,247730,20624945,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,TheGreat(AF)Nando,*Give away*I Give this game a 7/10 its fun with friends and if you have a mic.*Story time*i used to be good looked for resources scavanged.. but then one time i went to look at another tribes base and saw that theres alot of money to be made in the creation of meth.. so i started to cook meth with one of my old friends after we got good and known we expanded then one of the other tribes came and told me to cook for them so i did and after some time i decided im not getting paid enough so killed their leader took over the business and now i have my own operation.10/10 would meth with them again.Want a free copy!?? and game play? >https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDhIwgByXKo
76561198120741779,Not Recommended,247730,19746870,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,CallumC1878,this game is a waste of money!
,Not Recommended,247730,20301422,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,KiZaczeK,This game works like Arkham Knight on release but worse.
76561198084135948,Recommended,247730,8079640,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Treeman™,"This game is AWESOME! If you have ever played DayZ before this is like that, But WAY better. At most times it gives you the feeling of being helpless, Also fear. Its the best zombie survival game I have ever played."
,Not Recommended,247730,9809165,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Estoric Surgery,"This Comapny is a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥and they are just scamming people like me, for money. I hope there ♥♥♥♥ing business gets shut the ♥♥♥♥ down and the reason why i am saying this is because...I bought the damn game about 5 months ago and i still cant even log the ♥♥♥♥ IN BECAUSE OF A STUPID GOD DAMN COMPANY CAN'T EVEN ♥♥♥♥ING FIX DIS♥♥♥♥♥♥AND I SENT A REPORT TO THEM AND GUESS WHAT...................THEY DID ABSOLUTE ♥♥♥♥ ALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,247730,19591548,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,.Turn.,"Nether, the only game where I was killed and looted inside the safe zone.I never loaded it back up after that....."
,Not Recommended,247730,22732465,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Stoobs,Dickeballez
76561198101156531,Not Recommended,247730,22747681,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Cebolexx [BR],It's horrible.
,Not Recommended,247730,23127128,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Squib,Not recommended if you have a weak PC.
,Recommended,247730,8526574,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Ares the Foxy,Better then DayZ
,Not Recommended,247730,13353423,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Susanoo,"Why the ♥♥♥♥ does the 'Tip"" always appear, what kind of gay♥♥♥♥♥♥is that? Why am I constantly dying because of whenever i got into a gun fight, the 'Tip' appear, why the ♥♥♥♥ do i always die AUTO-WALKING off the ♥♥♥♥ing building because the 'Tips' appear. Please do not buy this game until the dev do something about it. This game is garbage. Get the ♥♥♥♥ing 'tips' out of here, no one needs to learn that gay♥♥♥♥♥♥ they can learn after they ♥♥♥♥ing die that they cannot keep their current gear."
76561198137424341,Recommended,247730,19556501,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,PANDOR,i can't understand they do something nobody does working on their released game again why the reviews don't change anyway i give it a possitive for that only when i play a little bit i will say more but got to much survival to play it now.
76561197967039928,Not Recommended,247730,32195644,Posted: 5 June,all,MATOSCH83,"This game is abandoned, had a lot of potential. I repeat THIS GAME IS ABANDONED AND A LOT OF BUGS etc.I do not understand why this Crap is still sold here. This game doesnt really has a singleplayer option and servers are dead!"
,Not Recommended,247730,10851853,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,the-simian,"I cannot recommend a game that simply does not really run, or work.Firstly I bought the game at, basically full price (not on sale) in case one is wondering. I tried launching the game, and when I tried to use fullscreen, the game would crash immediately.Then an update pushed.Now, I could use the game fullscreen, but I found I was experiencing a lot of lag, gettign stuck in the models and so on. Finally, I timed out and was unable to play. When I loaded servers, the mouse would become unresponsive, and the game 'seemed' to freeze for a long time.Then an update pushed.Now at present, I still experience the 'frozen mouse' during the server load but it does, thankfully still eventually load. However, once I get in the game - my persona stays stuck in freelook/spectator mode and the game never loads. I can fly around the map and observe others- yet never play.At no point has the game ever really worked for me. For much less money, you can buy a much better crafted game. Perhaps the stalker series, or metro, if you like that gritty post apocalyptic feel?At least for now, avoid this one. It needs so much more work. So. Much. I wanted to like it, but its incomplete nature makes it, quite literally, a non-starter."
,Not Recommended,247730,13085910,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,¡Spookyversity,"Nether, a place that takes place in hell.This game is a real living hell. I played it, frames drop down to 15, my PC is good enough to handle Payday 2 over 60-80 FPS but this game won't let it serpass 15.Right as I walked out of the safezone, I died. Not by a player, but by the creatures, they're overpowered as hell.This game honestly is a money waster, I do not recommend buying it."
,Not Recommended,247730,12735065,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Love,Broken...
76561198008540168,Not Recommended,247730,23740780,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Daimon,stay away!!!
,Not Recommended,247730,23637520,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Cheeki Breeki Chebureki,Game was good before but now..... Now it is♥♥♥♥♥♥They say war never changes.....But the war in this game changed for the worst...
,Not Recommended,247730,30441120,Posted: 10 March,all,jumpman,why though
,Not Recommended,247730,10840781,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,TAHUBLAD,THIS GAME IS ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE. IT TAKES AT LEAST 30 MINS TO PROPERLY LOAD. THEN AFTER THAT HUMILIATION WHEN YOU FINALLY GET INTO A SERVER THE GAME CRASHES------------------------------TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY---------------------------------------
76561198014417753,Recommended,247730,9101190,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,CoraxxZ,a good survival horror game worth trying out :)
76561197969759474,Recommended,247730,9102832,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Tmank71,"Nether is getting better with every update. If you like survival games with a nice mix, this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,247730,9274532,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Silvershock,"Worst game i've ever purchased.. in the process of trying to get my money back...seriously, if you think this game looks like fun, its not.. and thats all under a HUGE assumption that it will actually work in the first place... which is usually somthing that most games do... work... you know then you get into the game and errors happen... well not with Nether. i've spent maybe 3 hours playing it, because the stars were aligned once and teh game worked for some reason.... since then when launching it thru steam it fails to locate steam, and then for some reason wont even load. Checked the forums, reinstalled, verified everything time and time again, have literally spent more time trying to get the game to just load than i've spent playing it... and after preordering it and now having waited MONTHS for this problem to be fixed and it still isn't well that speaks miles for just how crappy this game is. Maybe i'm juust one of the unlucky ones out there that have had every issue possible with this game... and that sucks.. but i want my money back because i didn't pay for an icon , i payed for a game... which is too broken to play... don't buy this.. run from it.. its a waste of money"
76561198119333991,Not Recommended,247730,9015930,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,chriscarmad,"DONT BUY DONT BUY DONT BUY DONT BUY DONT BUYIT DOESNT WORK!!!  you purchase the game. then it asks for login an username details, that DONT WORKits a con!!!!!!!!!YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,247730,9241992,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Dohfugwimee,Weak.Great idea..poor implementationPlay Dayz SA instead
,Not Recommended,247730,10237033,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Jackrabbitofdoom,"This is NOT a survival game.First off, there is no loot and you can only look in boxes which usually get you two bullets or an empty water bottle. Next, the enemies are far too overpowered and can go into the ground? I get that this is a ""survival"" game, but having enemies that ♥♥♥♥ on your screen then pop in front of you is not survival. I tried to give this game a chance, but it's more about the looks than the gameplay for this game. I mean, it looks ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, but the gameplay is ♥♥♥♥ing horrible. Again, looking for items in this desolated world is a suicide mission since the only thing out here are ♥♥♥♥ing demon ♥♥♥♥ babies that kill you instantly. So to say this game is good, would be like saying eating♥♥♥♥♥♥is fun. It's not fun, it is just a waste of $15 and a waste of your time.3/10 -Not a survival Game, just a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,247730,8359246,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Whispere,i get in the server list pick a server and then get kicked right back to the server list
,Not Recommended,247730,10814969,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Svarog,"The game was apparently pushed from beta to release without anyone knowing, it still has tons of issues. The server screen freezes every time and takes about a 5 minute wait to unfreeze. The mass majority of the population within game (99%) will Kill on Sight with no real repercussions. The loot system is just awful having the player feel more like they are playing a slot machine when looking for loot. I would even say DayZ in its Alpha state is a much more complete and better feeling game. Otherwise the game itself isn't terrible, there needs to be a lot of work done to it before you can comfortably play it."
,Not Recommended,247730,7948726,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Synthestitch,"Wouldn't be bad if people would grow some balls and stop camping the damn safe zones like a bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I will just wait for the PVE server to come up, so I do not have to deal with the Damn kids."
76561198082374519,Recommended,247730,11281837,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,VorteX_Xeno,"This game is very fun and has its moments but, it also can get very buggy with the monsters and there is alot of exploits that players can do to get money and kill other players. But still this game is enjoying to play with your self or with others! if I could I would give this game a 6 out 10 stars."
,Not Recommended,247730,11557352,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,DrabTShirt,PvE is non-existent.PvP is pay to win.There is currently nothing to do in this game except grief or be griefed.Don't waste your money on this game.
,Not Recommended,247730,25222755,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Bloopa79Aus,tried it for a few hours and was a real clunker. I dont mind a survival style of game but I can't recommend it to anyone to play
76561198096321036,Recommended,247730,24607048,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Deadbuddha,Don't listen to all the bad reviews. The original devs are back and they are un-f**king everthing that was changed. Very fun!
,Not Recommended,247730,30347989,Posted: 5 March,all,DD,"Extracted from the store page:""Nether is a unique (*cough* Rust *cough* DayZ *cough* Infestation: Survivor Stories *cough* The forest *cough* Zomboid *cough* no it's not *cough*), first-person (yeah that sure makes it ""unique""), multiplayer urban survival experience. Set in a post-apocalyptic world (ditto), Nether forces players to make life-saving decisions (like, should i play this crap or not?) in a fast-paced struggle against players and the environment (yes, one of those free roaming scenarios full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s looking to get your loot, and there's some monsters there too to distract you too). Join tribes, hold territory (meh), scavenge (otherwise how the looters will get their hardons if you don't have stuff) , craft (laughable), trade (why if you can rob people anyway) and loot (yeah that's pretty much it) your way to stay alive."""
,Not Recommended,247730,10979229,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,helix,"Buggy, boring, laggy."
76561197967342924,Not Recommended,247730,9061879,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,War,"OMFG THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!  REALLY? ""EVERY"" FREAKIN NETHER TELEPORTS...  WHEN ONE OR 5 SEE YOU THEY TELEPORT TO YOUR BLIND SPOT AND AUTO HITS YOU.. THERE IS NO RUNNING FROM THESE POS THEY WILL JUST KEEP TELEPORTING ON YOU.  IF YOU LIKE WASTEING BULLETS ON SOME CRAP THAT TELEPORTS EVERY 3 SECS AND HAVE YOU SPINNING 360 EVERYTIME TILL IT DIES FEEL FREE TO WASTE MONEY ON THIS GAME... THE ONLY GOOD THING IS THE PVP BUT YOU ARE TO BUSY HIDING SINCE YOUR LIFE IS ALMOST ALWAYS AT LESS THAN HALF AND THERE IS BAIRLY AND HEALTH STUFF TO FIND"
,Recommended,247730,13278380,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Isaac.exe,Do not buy through steam at least for me it is flat out broken
76561198048138514,Not Recommended,247730,22854368,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Heinrich Von Shutzen-Housen,sucks
,Not Recommended,247730,23253556,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Mack,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\...."
76561198003538057,Recommended,247730,10712355,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Swiiikarn™,"Nether is an Awesome game that keeps getting better!PVP is a strong part of the game, yet you can find lots of friends in it. And it is more fast paced and action paced than other games in its genre (DayZ warZ etc.)In my opinion this game is mostly enjoyable if you run around in a squad of 4-5 friends.And kill anything you can see :DBut i also love to relax with some music and run courrier packages (Gives you Xp, Cash and Respect) in the Wastelands.I totally recommend this game!"
76561198064565465,Not Recommended,247730,10179109,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,matt68comebackspecial,wow that was 1 bad game
,Recommended,247730,9337692,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Nelryth,Beast of a game!
,Recommended,247730,13871302,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,the name's baby yeeeerd,"Game has potential, but as of now it is hardly worth playing. Needs to add some sort of building, even if it is a makeshift shelter. Like the game probably has enough potential to be a 8/10 but for now its 5/10. Alot to improve."
,Not Recommended,247730,22181947,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,PLEXY,gey.
76561198152817111,Not Recommended,247730,13863691,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,DonJuan,HACKERS!!!!!! Too many hackers!!!!!! None of them ever get banned. The game is full of microtransactions. Pay-to-win ruins any possible balance. I do not recommend anyone buy this game!!!!!!!!
76561198083137157,Not Recommended,247730,24522653,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Dr.Ketchup,"Where da fk are the EU servers ? I haven't been playing this game for 1 year, now I want to play again, so wtf ? I fkin paid 40 $ for this game and the servers that Eu are suposed to play on aren't there ? Thats straight up scam"
,Recommended,247730,11012165,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,theycallmemrmann,"Played this game with my buddy. Got in, immediately jumped off side of building. Dead. 8/10"
76561198007254028,Not Recommended,247730,11621186,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,logansrun,boring waste of time should be called nether play that ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game ever again. waste of time and money
,Not Recommended,247730,17257277,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Lt. Mura McToaster,"Do NOT buy this game.  It is a dying if not dead game abandoned by its developers and filled with hackers.  If you do get it good luck, hope you do some how end up with a vac ban."
76561198039065940,Recommended,247730,8930841,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,hell_tower,it plays good lots of buildings and subways undereground and more but its an alpha with bugs and will get better there working on it well you know what i mean.
,Not Recommended,247730,11050544,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Murdoc - The Plague Doctor †,"Little bit more info after 2 years7 Apr, 2016After 2 years I tried this game again I people we're talking how good work they have done now with the original devs and the game changed it's name to ""Nether Resurrected"" so I was thing hey maybe they tried to wake Nether alive and breath? Nope I was so wrong that no man could be more wrong still no main menu only server list and exit button options are still poor I had even high graphics and hey this isn't even lie but seriously? These fuc*ing so called ""graphics"" are 10 years late Shi*t I tought I was playing with Playstation 2 wanna know little bit more? go ahead I warn you seriuously stop reading now! Okey you'r own fault so the game was sh*t when it was released and it's still sh*t now some buttons aren't working always like ""Press E to use trader"" nope nothing happening invisible walls in legit path where you should be able to move you can run trought objects like chairs, tabbles etc... Safezone is broken there was ♥♥♥♥ing 3 monsters after me in safezone Yes! in the god dam* SAFEzone I mean how hard it is fro these ""Devs"" to understand word ""SAFE"" yeah yeah okey back to the business... And I had only 1 knife so ofc I died there goes my character (Game what you want me to do?) speaking about characters it's still poor womens are still bold like mens but hey womens ""Yych yack"" also only couple different clothes and colors are available ""Wanna create your own character? well sure but you have to looks same as everyone else"" kidding? I'm feeling like Copy/paste... Copy/paste... everytime I saw someone. Now let'stalk about enemies 1. What the fu*k tell me have you ever seen in any apocalyptic game enemie what makes motorbike sounds? No you haven't you know why? Because no one with brains and common sense do that okey? Second thing fu*k I was in dark alley looting stuff no enemies around then I heard this scream and was like ""what was that?"" something like 7-10 enemies came to me and believe or not but my first reaction wasn't ""Oh sh*t I'm in trouble"" No my first reaction was ""Da fuq? Do they have wallhax? can they agro from over 50 meters?"" this is just so I don't know word ""poor"" isn't good enoug maybe the word I'm looking for is ""Cancer"" because yes this game is just 100% pure cancer and this ain't even lie I'm death serious when I quit the game I wanted to puke and I was getting anxious it was that horrible I think I need psychiatrist to get over with this. Only thing I noticed that was been changed after releasing was camera from 3rd person view to 1stperson view.3 Jul, 2014So I bought game from summer sale it was something like 2,50-3,00€ and now I got the feeling that it was too much because my first reaction was this is just crap there's only 2 things you can do in so called ""Main menu"" join to servers or exit damn I regret that I didn't press the exit button in first place anyway here's some thing's why this game sucks- When you try to join somewhere with the hope of good game mm nope because loading screens are sometimes just black so you don't know did the game crash or not loading screens also throw you back ""Main menu"" sometimes- Character creating is unbelievably poor also all womens are bald- Options/Settings are poor too you can't change almost anything- Inventory bugs sometimes so you can't press the ""Use"" so you have to restart the game from task management by presing Alt + Ctrl + Del- Sometimes you don't even spawn and the world isn't loaded there's just green water everywhere same thing here restart the game from task management but when this happens you can't play the game anymore ever it will do it always when you try to join game- You can walk through the items like signs dumbsters huge military boxes- There's no any kinda story except shoot to kill everything that moves and try to find food because you will get hungry something like every 1 hour or you die well there is somekinda ""missions"" where you deliver boxes but they are all kinda same walk 30 meters give the box and done that's it also those ""missions"" are bugging because you can't always give the box to some fu*king npc what you have to do in this point well restart the game from task management- There's also somekinda factions too but they dont have any kinda rules or ideology they just are so you can just choose any of those factions and it doesn't change your game at allI can't find anything good from this game I have never seen so poor game like this  please save your money for something better because this isn't what you want"
,Not Recommended,247730,10090366,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Simon,"Is complete garbage.It hardly works, I have a rig able to play pretty much any game besides this one on high settings. This game lags for no reason, server connection is terrible when I'm actually able to connect to a server. The world is bland and there are absolutely no resources to take, meaning that your gameplay of this is probably going to be, spawn in, waste some of the money you get (the special coin's or w/e that you get for being a ""believer"" or ""chosen"") die with the item that you wasted your money on and then respawn in without it.It seems that the people here are more concerned with getting our money more than anything else, seeing as once they released it they stopped patching immedietly."
,Not Recommended,247730,10090480,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Bizeboy,"until the developers add a server where there is no Pk, maybe with stronger nether, for people to just enjoy the game I vote thumbs down. The community is garbage and it kills the joy of a beautiful and well made survivor game- the nether invasions alone along with something of a plot or discovery of ""what happened"" could keep me playing and then jump over to pvp when I felt like it. But to spend a week trying to see all the game has to offer and to be continually shot in the back by fellow tribe members also is just plain irritating. create a balance or a consequence or something in this game. I'm not recommending it to my friends sadly because I thought it looked great but we are moving on to something else"
,Recommended,247730,13884571,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,TopHatCat™,"The Game is Different from when i watched many youtubers play it -I.E Markiplier- As you no longer can find weapons- you have to create them- godawful thing about it is then EVERYONE in the FRACKING GAME wants to kill you and loot you for gun parts or supplies.Over all i give it a 7/10 its nice looking but rough around the edges and need alot of attention before it can continue to grow- Pvp has ruined my expeirience AS almost everyone wants to kill you the second they see you, also very hackable. i just looked up ""Nether Hackers"" and craploads of reports came up. alot of game glitches and really awful first person animations on some weapons-like melee wepons-guns look great, ammo is scares enemys can buttsex you from behind, its fun and thrilling when its just you vs enemys! but pvp, like i said, is a VERY contraversial mechanic. I RECOMEND IT THOUGH IF YOU LIKE SURVIVAL GAMES (only if you find it on sale though) i got my copy of the 20 dollar edition for 6 bucks on sale! ANYWAY if you disagree feel free to let me know-AND if anyone has tips for noobs like me please leave them in the reply section as i want to find out more!"
76561198093502178,Not Recommended,247730,11240748,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,I'mPickleRick,"Bought,installed,and updated the game.  Would not launch. Spent 15 dollars on it for no reason. Very dissapointed."
76561198075047961,Not Recommended,247730,9874441,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Richard Nixon,DO NOT BUYit doesn't work at all
,Not Recommended,247730,9872943,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Dyce_Archimedes,"I really wanted this game, so I paid for it....I CAN'T EVEN LOG IN!! DO NOT waste your money on this GARBAGE! I'm FURIOUS RIGHT NOW! F. this game."
76561198121424449,Not Recommended,247730,15626530,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,o Phillip o,"Nether is a first-person urban survival experience unlike any other, no it isn't its every like war z actuatly. Set in a post-apocalyptic world, Nether forces players to make life-saving decisions, no it doesn't the only decisions you ever have make are wether to shoot the other humans in the face or the in croch.i tell you what im so glad i bort Watcher for £6.99 this game is not worth £14.99 it's so f**king boring and s&%t, ok its a city map i dont know what the city's called but i think its called copy and past vill i think i saw a sign on the in to the city and the maps quite nice building road building road building road, all the buildings are the same and they have no doors theres a door thief going around steeling all the doors and the buildings have no stairs ether they just have ramps on the inside or outside. this is not a survival game its a death match with a few aliens around, and the aliens are just a momentery anoyence if you have a gun apart from the tank type ones. i was never once amerst in this pile of s**t i was just bord out of my mindmy rateing is a 1/10 absolot s**t"
,Recommended,247730,9103643,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,be patient I have got autism,Nice but.. When is it available in 32bit?
,Not Recommended,247730,11556882,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Gibblez.,"Yay this game is the best ever! Oh wait I cant play it. Be wary 32-Bit operating systems, this is not the game for you!"
76561198121911862,Recommended,247730,13426355,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Trappin604,hey if anyone wants to play this game co op add me trappin604
,Recommended,247730,18777238,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Itchybum,This game was so promising when it first launched in EA. Then it kinda turned into nothing and seemed to be abandoned. Now that they're blowing new life into the game this could still be that promising horror survival game it wa shaping up to be. The atmosphere was there already Now crack on and make it the game it should have been already!
,Recommended,247730,22464873,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Smolt,"This game is amazing. Although there are some things I would like to point out;- Don't rush directly into the game- Don't challenge other players- Have a beast a** gaming PC if you're going to play this- Scavenge, fight, win- Collect as much as you can, travel to safe zones. stay away from large groups of people- Don't shoot unless you know you will hit- Aim for the head (obviously)Now along with this, I have come across numerous performance issues. I have a pc that can run GTA V on Ultra settings and run around 40-50 fps. This game, as it is still in the beta if I'm not mistaken, is poorly optimized. I have to run it on the lowest settings and I still get 20-25 fps on average. Sure, sometimes it runs perfectly, but other times it isn't worth the money I paid for. Overall this is a good game, good idea, and well made. I give it 6.4/10.0"
,Recommended,247730,22491673,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,CritiqualError,"I think this is a great game. Not amazing, but great. Even better if you have a friend or few.There are some very obvious bugs in this game, but unless you are deep into PVP, they don't really cause that much of an issue.Nether has two types of leveling up. You have each individual character leveling, and account leveling. When you die, you lose your character. But it isn't a total restart. Because over time your account will level up which helps you out especially when starting a new character. Even a slight boost helps. Also you have your storage which you keep through your characters. So if you can get back to a safezone, you can gear back up with some of your extra loot.The enemies are interesting. This isn't some boring zombie/mutant apocalpyse stuff. The Nether creatures warp around, are attracted by sound, and can sometimes be difficult you aren't familiar with how they work. When your first jump into this game they can be somewhat terrifying. Especially as you encounter bigger, or even flying variants. I'll never forget the first time I encountered this one that high glowing red eyes and acted like a sort of serveyor. If you were caught in it's sights it would let out a loud wail, and every nether, big or small, would come running at you. In large groups these Nether are a real challenge. However, If you have a melee weapon, you can quietly take out small numbers of these nether without attracting too much more attention.Some bugs that can majorly effect the pvp scene mostly come in the form of clipping errors. Many objects in the world have no collision meaning you can walk right through them. These objects incluede statues, building floors, rarely a brick wall, and even falling under the map at times. If you know where these bugs and objects are, you can have a major advantage in PVP as you can take out players who won't be able to see your, even if looking right at you. I find myself playing PVE servers a lot mostly because I'm killed in cheap ways by people exploiting these bugs and taking me out from places I can't see them. I won't lie, I've hidden inside a statue to avoid a few players before, but it's just broken, and really needs to be fixed.There is a crafting system where you can create ammo, items, and weapons. Some of these items are very useful, and others... aren't worth the materials. I found myself early on trying to build my way up to be able to get the ingredients for a weapon. But by the time I could kill the enemies i needed, I had better gear. But there are still some great items to craft and it does come in handy for when you need a certain gun, but dont have the money for it in the market.There is so much more to this game, but you should experience it for yourself. Its worth the price. (the new price, not the old price xD) I highly reccomend this game. Though I feel it could use just a bit more content. I'm hoping more of the map opens up, and maybe some new guns or special ammo types get introduced."
76561198013938178,Recommended,247730,8739994,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,BearOnBicycle,!!!
76561197966631344,Not Recommended,247730,10401780,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,76561197966631344,"dont buy it, really dont. check the forums on what they have done. now everything goes for a the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ keys you must buy what mainly most people will do for real money.. ahja just check the forums about this fail game. i bought it to think it will be a survival game but in the end its a pay to win game, not entirely ofcourse but still it got pay to win in it now that says to me♥♥♥♥♥this game and false advertising.. damn again screwed by a early acces. good that i dont do early acces games anymore..."
76561197963320643,Not Recommended,247730,15115173,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,USMC Recon,"Pure FPS is a joke of a ""company"" let's face it.  They cash grabbed the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta this game then left in broken and bloody in the corner while they went off to make another ""game""  They ignore the community that tells them what is wrong, they refuse to fix pre-existing issues with the game such as server stability and in game glitches.  The hackers run rampant and nothing is done about them.  Save yourself the money and RUN past this♥♥♥♥♥♥stain of a game as fast as you can."
,Not Recommended,247730,9903580,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Burgyiv,Can't even start the game i try to link my mber account with my steam account and it just doesnt work it keeps telling me to link it is so freaking annoying this game sucks *** don't buy it.
76561198067518878,Recommended,247730,8992185,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Bigby,awesome a bit like dayz super fun
,Recommended,247730,13742468,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Halex™,great
,Recommended,247730,9615013,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,☢ Alex The Great ☣,I said hi to somone then they shot me and I died 10/10
,Recommended,247730,24461101,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,digamio,i like just wish they updated it more :(   add more map and new things please
76561198121399322,Recommended,247730,14453700,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Baka,Fune game
76561198308063127,Recommended,247730,24500726,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,kylebennett-,It's a great game one of my favourite also everyone should at least try it its a bit lagy and sometimes it discounts me from the servers rarely but it'd really fun
,Recommended,247730,7721770,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,Moonie,Best survival game.... the theme just changes it all!
,Recommended,247730,10643202,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,KuroT1k,Pretty fun if you ask me.
76561197981140628,Not Recommended,247730,15716857,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Doomyon,HORRIBLE GAME!!!  DO NOT BUY!   full of bugs and hackers and completly worthless.
76561198079232929,Recommended,247730,8641963,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,superkick500,omg
76561198019346458,Recommended,247730,28543284,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Vulcan,"If somebody picked this up and improved it, it would turn into a real winner. Even in it's broken state, I enjoy the core game. I would still recommend this for friends to play together at lan parties. Host a server, pick out 2 teams, and go at it for control of the city!"
,Not Recommended,247730,9559573,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,n͝t̕y̨҉d͡1̸̧҉s̴̀,"Free-for-all deathmatch for immature players, with monsters in it."
,Not Recommended,247730,24293688,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Zilla,"could be fun if it ran at more than 1 frame per second, got my refund"
,Recommended,247730,24247739,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Adeptus Ineptus,"This is a pretty cool game, but it's pretty tricky (especially if you play single player) as once your character dies you have to create another and start from scratch. I highly recommend you play this online with others to increase your chance of survival so you don't have to keep restarting. The skill trees are nice and pragmatic (i.e. better sneaking, more stamina, more melee damage) and the game is built around a competitive, social online experience (i.e. tribes & relations). If you enjoy horror survival games such as Dead Island and Left 4 Dead, you'll enjoy this! ****"
,Recommended,247730,23391928,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,yourface.orgy,"I don't know why everyone hates this game, I actually kinda liked it. I found it a lot of fun¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
,Recommended,247730,10856250,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Kabuk,No 32-bit support (atleast when i wrote this) I made the mistake the hard way =D...
,Recommended,247730,11150987,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Pleebian,"(date) 7/9/2014(time) 10:05 amI have played tons of zombie apocolypes / open world. games and this brings a whole new style of gaming that i think many more companys are going to steal the ideas of. as nothing so to say is origional about this game. (teleporting enemys, vas semi destroyed and left in ruin city. the feel of the game is what i like to think of as a hybrid of many others, but the perma death is a pretty fun feature to have, getting fustrated about losing your gear and your levels becomes one of your largest fears when meeting a player with a gun to your face (and trust me my heart must have stopped or dropped so many times when i thought i was going to die), i do not think the game is done being patched. there at the time that i write this, is still fighting hackers in the game and fixing bugs and glitchs constantly. as an active nether forums member. its quiet obvious to see the effort the developers and game admins / mods are putting in to keeping the experience alive for loyal members. i have found many threads from back when nether was new and can see they have listened to their community from the idea's people have given them and see how that they took these ideas and made them real in the game. i have already spent 130+ hours in this game since i bought it but if you are that type of person that enjoys an open world source game. zombies (nether) and other players that kill you on sight most times. i give the game a 8/10 until they have the bugs fixed and these hackers gone. GOOD work on the game so far Nether team :) hope to see a lot more for this game in the near future!"
,Not Recommended,247730,24895485,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Doc_meth | auth✔,I´ve got absolutly  no idea what this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t is meant to be. I even bought the chosen edition and it´s dlc´s in a sale for total of like 7€ but for what? This is supposed to be a MULTIplayer game and I barely found any monsters. I haven´t even played 1 hour and am so tired of that♥♥♥♥♥♥already. Even minecraft does have less pixels and better graphics than that piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥DON`T waste your money on that!
76561198118430183,Not Recommended,247730,14101687,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Raven,DO NOT BUY!!!
76561198010468457,Not Recommended,247730,13914127,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Liendaar,Scam.
76561198117495691,Not Recommended,247730,12354925,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Fang_botttt,i ccant create an account. it keeps sayin status: creating acct... ive tried other emails and still same thing.. ive also tried leaving it on for several hours and still same thing.
76561198120282327,Recommended,247730,11467177,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Unknown,everything about this game is nice and has its good moments but never trust a single goddamn person or it will be the end of you 8/10
76561198054728410,Recommended,247730,11706658,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Hrothgar,"Great game, too many hackers lately  though."
76561198069482897,Not Recommended,247730,12078290,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Busta Baxter,"Severs take too long to get into and crash, dont even get to play"
76561198090034256,Not Recommended,247730,12354784,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Crystalyzerr hellcase.com,Looks cool but i cant play it says i need to run steam which I do to play. :(
76561198129450569,Recommended,247730,14831502,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,M16MERC556,Since they added PVE servers this game has become alot of fun!!! make sure to store your loot in case you die.  Lesson learned the hard way
76561198053493823,Not Recommended,247730,12363754,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,ultra227,"Too damn clunky, I also hate buying the game and then learning that its pretty much pay to win."
76561198131722623,Recommended,247730,14827772,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,NayGiggers,When you work so hard to level up in a zombie survival game and then YOU GET MURDERED AND LOSE EVERYTING.... I mean it kinda sucks but then you gotta play more because you realize if you dont your mom will continue to beat the crap out of you because shes the one killing you in the game then you go lie down and cry.
76561198041538130,Recommended,247730,11477618,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,TheJesusHitman,"If you can put up with a lot of the dumb crap that happens in this game and look at it as ""Dumb crap in games is better with friends"" then it's worth it. I feel like they should work out SO many of the kinks in this game mainly hit detection and maybe a bit more with the hackers. I see lots of potential in this game and hopefully server tools are released so peopel can play with JUST friends and not a clogged server full of people waiting by the safezone to shoot you."
,Not Recommended,247730,17004153,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,kid,No..
76561198072129367,Not Recommended,247730,30485876,Posted: 12 March,all,Ozone,♥♥♥♥
76561198109345830,Recommended,247730,23017206,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,JustSomeRandom,Nether is an amazing game but i wish there was just more stuff in it. It needs more content but that is just about the only problem with the game. I LOVE IT!!!
,Not Recommended,247730,10144853,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,AwYiss,I've made a huge mistake
,Not Recommended,247730,8473272,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Dick Bees,"Don't buy this game, it's created by the same company that made WarZ, Survivor Stories, etc. They just changed their name, and are hiding behind Phosphor Game Studios to conceal their bad reputation.Save yourself the money and time. Their policies and terms of services are also out to scam you.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. Keep in mind that you can't get a refund for this game if you decide to purchase it because it's a beta. Research your games throughly before you buy them, or you'll end up with regret and lost money."
,Not Recommended,247730,11557374,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Tonic,No idea what I'm doing.No idea what's going on.No idea why I bought it.10/10 would uninstall and never play again.
,Not Recommended,247730,24234167,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Inshazuki,"By far the worst game I have ever played ever. I played it when it first got to steam and it had lots of bugs that made it unplayable, so I gave it over a year then came back to it. Nothing changed at all. No one played it still, the ""giant"" world was quite empty of monsters, players, and supplies. The town/safe haven had I think 2 NPC's that didn't even move or interact; when you talked to them a menu would just appear and they'd give you a pointless quest with no actual point to it. Kinda sad considering it was a good idea, but very poorly executed..Please do not waste your money on this absolutegarbage♥♥♥♥♥♥terrible disgrace to games."
,Not Recommended,247730,8151099,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,RobotCowhand,Can't recommend this yet. Still far to buggy to be enjoyable and most servers are full of hyper leveled up PKers.
76561198045966388,Not Recommended,247730,8166964,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Acherrum,"There are tons of thing to be said about this game, both good and bad.One of the first things I was confronted with, per example, was the long wait time to get my purchase to actually go through. Apparently this was a 'one time' thing that had happened twice now, and was caused by a huge increase in people suddenly buying the game.But, once the purchase went through, I was dropped in a game.I played around for a bit, until my first character died, and here's my first real impression:the game has a long road ahead, but has a solid roadmap to be able to reach the finish.First of all, it's more a shooter than an RPG, considering there's no real 'progression' as of yet. But the developers do actually listen to players, they communicate better than most AAA title developers, so who knows what they might change/add in the future.And the lack of character progression gives it a little bit of a pointlessness to it, but then again, the atmosphere, the setting, the horrible monsters and the occassional other player do make for a weird mix. I took a couple of shots at another player, without 'luck' of killing them, and considered if this was the road I wanted to take with my character. It wasn't, but still, it was tempting to just try and shoot someone, to get some loot. As I had been looking all over the place, and had yet to find some decent goodies.This was one drawback that I hadn't expected, the endless search for bounty, be it food, weapons or ammo. Could be realistic, but it just made it more attractive to shoot some random player fighting Nether...At some point, I decided against it and ran off. I saw a Nether and thought I'd quickly shoot it, before it'd notice me and start screaming. It teleported, I killed it with my knife, and I thought I'd be safe for a second to spend my newly acquired skill point. All of a sudden 3 other Nethers had teleported into the building and I was getting killed. No way of fending these off with a kitchen knife, so I tried running. Alas, their teleporting skill showed superior to the speed at which I could move my feet...So I died a horrible death, but yet, it didn't sting as much as when dying in many other games, even ones where dying doesn't mean losing anything. It sort of even gave me a feeling of accomplishment, however weird that might sound. I had survived for a while and I didn't do too terrible, considering the safe point had been unavailable for the entire duration I was in the game.Anyway, the 'good' and 'bad' according to me summed up:+looks decent, although I expected a lot better graphically+feels realistic+atmosphere is just amazing+has lots of potential+devs seem truely interested in listening to the community and giving them what they want+great for team and solo play, room for all different styles and for both short and long sessions-is it really worth the 20 bucks? It is worth the 11 bucks I spent during Winter Sale...-it's lacking quite some balancing-there are missions, but there might be some 'goals' missing on the long run-if only there was more information about what you're 'supposed to do' while playing, regarding missions and otherwise...UPDATE: February 2014They have just updated the game, wiped all characters, added crafting and introduced 'tribes'.At first, this seems like a step into the direction I wish to see this game going: survival.But after playing around with it a bit, it's still the same game: walk around searching for loot, come across your first human contact and die because you thought you could be friends...Worst part of this one time, I was right about to enter the safe zone, the guy was just waiting outside the safe zone for someone to come back fully packed...I can't say this ruins the game completely, but it's still a while before this game really is a survival game instead of just another FPS...Currently, I would not recommend buying this game for anything more than 10 bucks."
,Recommended,247730,8177432,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,sjekx,"Im very into the hole ""zombie MMO"" so when i first heard about Nether i had to check it out! The game has a lot of bugs, but that is to be expected when its in beta. The game has a lot of good things such as a newly added subsystem. there arnt to manny guns right now, but as i have said, its in beta;-Carbine-RAB-47-M14-*Pistol*-Shotgun-TFC (KTS)-MP5-HAZ -3The game futures a viarity of ""nethers"" (zombies, if you would like to) every type of nether has its own type of combat system and abilitys, but something they all can is teleporting. There are also 2 boss zombies in the game. There are things like grenades, flashbangs handglides chemlits, flares..... The game is a LOT of fun, but no clan system or group system yet. The DEVS are very active at the forums. ONE THING THEY HAVE TO FIX, to make it so we dont need to download the hole ♥♥♥♥ing game very time we need to update -_-"
,Not Recommended,247730,8177963,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,YUNG $UICIDE,"Developers that are known scammers (project awakened kickstarter) and the publishers might be the same people that published War Z.Shoveling out a ""game"" claiming it to be Early ""Access"", got a load of stuff to fix before even have the moral privilege to call it ""Early Access"", leaves for the holidays and let it rot in hell. If you're planning on getting this any time soon, boy are you in for some♥♥♥♥♥♥0/10"
76561198006344156,Not Recommended,247730,8178667,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Hendrickson,"Don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ It can't synchronize you Steam and you game account, so you just can't launch the game."
76561198056345837,Not Recommended,247730,8180974,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,The Douchebag,Do not buy this game... High chance of not being able to login to it!!!!!!!
76561198018135987,Not Recommended,247730,8055013,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Veneficus,"Didnt like the controls, wasnt much of a fan of the enviornments, and nowhere near enough action. I had to go looking for trouble. It was more of an over size scavanger hunt for bags of chips and fighting a monster every half hour or so."
76561198049442140,Not Recommended,247730,8112841,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,bitchuwish,i would like a refund not working pro on my computer like it said it would disapointed
,Recommended,247730,8113628,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Kaplan,"This game is great.At the time of this review, it is currently still beta.I will update this when the full release is ready."
,Not Recommended,247730,8150918,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,AthenA,"I am not happy! AT ALL!After spending 30 mins installing the game itself, And signing up, The game will fail to launch!!It brings up a small window quoting ""Nether"" Almost like its home screen, Than An error message appears... ""0x000007b""And no matter how many times i re-install the game, The same error appears.I am not happy one bit!!So can someone inform me on what to do to stop this issue happening, Otherwise i am Emailing Steam and getting a refund as i expect to get what i payed for."
,Recommended,247730,8155443,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,☯ ✪ Criptin ツ cs.money,well... cant fricken play it but it looks amazing
,Not Recommended,247730,8154268,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Rabdsquirlz,"Do not buy this game. The first hurdle is to get their system to recognize that you bought their game through steam. The syncing just does not work. If you manage to log in through the patcher, the second hurdle is to prevent your box from going into an infinite restart loop trying to install an older version of .Net. I can't log in, my friend just managed to stop his box from rebooting. If I could figure out Steam support I would ask for a refund but at this point my money is down the drain. Small miracle that this game was on sale and not the full $30 they were asking."
,Recommended,247730,19262015,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,AWM,Keep the faith guys the game can still be good
76561197994862524,Not Recommended,247730,18957272,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,HappySpyke®,just♥♥♥♥♥
76561198119550611,Not Recommended,247730,19574510,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,ADamnCyberGypsy,this game is a lost cause i made microtransactions on may 5 2014 that are now lost. I dont care to much about the money but they could have atleast sent an email apologizing for this.Which makes it very disrespectful and i hope no1 else has to deal with this type of disrespect in the future.They blocked me on the forums so ill just right it on there review.The Gameplay is mediocre ai is to stupid and pvp dont happen anymore its like every1 became pacifists.Prosthe atmosphere and setting of the game look apocalypticConsthe buildings that u enter are barrengame cosists mostly of garbage and some carsnether wander around aimlessly some into cars and buildingsno horror aspects except bloody skeletons
,Not Recommended,247730,20497660,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Killer Dream,Please nether buy this
,Recommended,247730,19207718,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,[TDG] R2D2,"Got lvl 20 character, got gangbanged by a nether surge with full gear. 69/420 would bang againBut really, its a good game."
76561198070930488,Not Recommended,247730,20039511,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Mr. Creosote,"so far, i cant even load the game..."
,Not Recommended,247730,20510495,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Sweetz,"Needs work. Needs, a lot of work I should say."
76561198092764915,Recommended,247730,15789101,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,✪ Mez,a really fun game with friends but if your alone litterally just type that ure new and the community on  the servers help you they are some of the nicest people youll ever meet i game id rate this game :) buy it8/10
,Recommended,247730,23544275,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Xxx_Minecraft_xxX,no
76561197996020324,Recommended,247730,15675404,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Bazooka,Buggy in some parts but still awasome game
,Recommended,247730,15946040,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Doctor Fidoreous,>Joined game>Got killed by player>Gave different player supplies>Got killed by player>Realized player is a hacker>Realized there's nothing I can do about it>Got TFC Special>Sweetjesusoverpoweredgun.jpeg>Started preaching Spaghetti Prayers to non-hackers>Violently murder anyone who isn't a follower of Spaghetti11/10 would start a spaghetti cult again
,Recommended,247730,15243586,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Waking,its good
76561198103496217,Recommended,247730,15174971,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,agamerwithapc,"Ok There are several reasons why you should and shouldn't play this.you should play this because it is a very cool survival game with good mechanics. The concept of it is interesting, It is interactive as in there are sort of missions you can do. You shouldn't because pvp in nearly dead, there are some bugs due to devs giving up in the middle of development. There is also talk about hackers, but most of them have left.DEVS IF YOU EVER SEE THIS PLEASE START UP AGAIN, FUNDRAISE IF YOU NEED, BUT DON""T GIVE UP THIS HAD SO MUCH POTENTIAL. YOU HAVEN'T UPDATED IN A YEAR.To any one who is either good at programming or can reach out to devs, please help fix this game...EDIT: We did it the original devs have returned this is an amazing game that was never finshed, now it will be finished. CALLING ALL NETHER PLAYERS, TIME TO RETURN!!!!!"
76561198092416832,Recommended,247730,15167166,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Shay,needs more updates
76561198095153199,Not Recommended,247730,25262435,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Zone,Was this game suppose to be a joke? Because its missing the punch line.
76561198278537279,Recommended,247730,25833439,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,LobbyCat,"This is a great game, that is totally worth the price paid. I've played this game over 20 hours so far, and I absolutely love it. It's got great graphics, and the choice of single player or multi-player. This game is so much fun. I highly recommend it!"
76561198043471187,Recommended,247730,22639217,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Pacmikey,"Not that big of a community, but it's still fun. Don't expect many players."
,Recommended,247730,19972741,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Yeezus,It gud
,Not Recommended,247730,20111689,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Kevin Rudd,terrible....nothing more to say
,Not Recommended,247730,20138954,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Nuvena #LGBTQ+,This game is trash. Movement is ver corky and hard to use. Combat sucks. Still haven't got a refund probaly should.
,Not Recommended,247730,20154021,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Narkotikz,No.
76561198154189797,Not Recommended,247730,20316737,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Loxley,It sucks!!! ITS LAGGY AND THE MONSTER THINGY PEOPLE JUST WONT STOP RESPAWNING EVERYWHERE!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,247730,20337275,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Arschwasser,This games sucks so hard.
,Recommended,247730,12331867,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,IvanTheGreat0ne,its ok i guess low amount of players however not many  [fair}players too many cheaters wish this was on ps4
76561198075246918,Not Recommended,247730,12276198,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,OG Bobby Johnson,Please Upvote This is not a ratig of the gameplay nor the community that plays this game. i write this post in anger due to the fact that if you purchase this game 6/10 people will actualy be able to play it. BE AWARE GAME REQUIRES A THIRD PARTY ACCOUNT ALL YOU ARE BUYING FROM STEAM IS A LAUNCHER. If you cant create a account you are out of luck with the other ten to twenty thousand other people who cant. two seperate companies work on this game and NETHER of them care about the players this game is a money scam same as infestation survivor stories and stomping lands please upvote in the hope that mighty gabin will smite this game from the market
76561198019219503,Recommended,247730,15230093,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Zamey420,"This is a damn good game. Only the game produsers and the game editors need to kick thier♥♥♥♥♥♥into gear and fix what they need to and take thier time on perfecting it. i love this game dont get me wrong. but i will be damned if i see another BA game go under becouse of ""Hackers,Moders♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Thank you Keep up the great work."
,Recommended,247730,9070592,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Celery Man,"I like this game...that being said it can enrage me quite a bit...for example, i was doing a simple courier run from LSZ to MTO when i was ambushed right outside the gates! i tried to talk to the guy but was killed by his buddy. People are♥♥♥♥♥♥ and that is what you need to know when playing this game, people are♥♥♥♥♥♥and want your stuff! it could be a bag of crunchy bens or $30, they will kill you for it and the only way to not die is to either travel with a group or shoot first and ask questions later. but beside the me being angry part, the game is fun and makes you into a bit of a hoarder but is worth buying for the full $20 (even though i got it on sale) so yeah...buy this game"
76561198093002203,Not Recommended,247730,23726647,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Chia,It could have been great.But it wasn't.Not worth the get at this point.
,Not Recommended,247730,19697744,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Shadow Moses OG,I wished I had Nether bought this game.
,Recommended,247730,20023309,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Sevarack,"I don't know what happened, but dis is cwazy so heres my number don't play dis game! 441 666 8666"
,Not Recommended,247730,10040430,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Xowie,Got to play however still absolutly terrble glitchy game lots of hacks incomplete. Do NOT buy you have been warned.
,Recommended,247730,30044068,Posted: 19 February,all,JD,"I'll give it a positive, because it's not easy to make a game!But it's like playing with the recycle bin of your pc, except the recycle bin is well made and programed!Bugged monsters!Bad interfaces, menu, options etc!Well, just don't buy it, unless it's free (and yet you would spend the time to put it in your library)!"
76561198056842200,Recommended,247730,30024706,Posted: 18 February,all,Nekouda,It's different but fun
,Recommended,247730,8547341,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Evan Ponssa REALTOR®,"Great game. Especially with friends. Betray all of your so called ""allies"" and watch them cry as you steal their loot!! Or be a ""nice"" guy who ""doesn't KOS"" your pick"
,Recommended,247730,18866203,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Indieslayer16,"With this new update, Nether is fully back up and running, and the devs have promised reimbursment for the previous devs' in-app purchases. I am personally enjoying this new update a lot, especially with the addition of single player. Now, I do think a crafting system for shelters would be a great future addition. It would really add a lot to the replayability. As it stands, for $10, this is a solid survival shooter with huge potential."
76561198027481838,Recommended,247730,13516881,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Lemonkitty,Walking Simulator 20931
,Not Recommended,247730,14660428,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,BONK BONK BONK,I've still never been able to play this game.
,Recommended,247730,8214159,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Marsh,Cant even lanuch game my account is linked and i still cant play.
,Recommended,247730,10763997,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,iddqd,drank nether blood and died.10/10
76561197990964966,Not Recommended,247730,11288178,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,mihai176,Stupid game ever.
76561197973336174,Not Recommended,247730,11290438,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,colewalker,it takes forever to load and when i downloaded it i tried 30 times and also a file was missing
76561198114121892,Not Recommended,247730,17021357,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Lil H3ad4ss,Had good potential. Gave me HIV
76561198108868414,Recommended,247730,31404558,Posted: 27 April,all,Argo Gasai,─▄▀▀▀▀▄─█──█────▄▀▀█─▄▀▀▀▀▄─█▀▀▄─█────█─█──█────█────█────█─█──█─█────█─█▀▀█────█─▄▄─█────█─█──█─▀▄▄▄▄▀─█──█────▀▄▄█─▀▄▄▄▄▀─█▄▄▀─────────▄██████▀▀▀▀▀▀▄─────▄█████████▄───────▀▀▄▄──▄█████████████───────────▀▀▄▄██████████████─▄▀───▀▄─▀▄▄▄──▀▄███████████████──▄▀─▀▄▄▄▄▄▄────██████████████████▀█──▄█▄▄▄──────████████████──█▀█──▀▄─█─█─█───────█████████████████───▀█─▀██▄▄──────██████████████████──▄─▀█▄─────▄───██████████████████▀███▀▀─▀▄────█──█████████████████──────────█──▄▀──█████████████████▄▀▀▀▀▀▀▄──█──────█████████████████▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▄──█──────█▀████████████████▀▀▀▀▀▀──────────█──███████████████▀▀─────█──────▄▀──▀█████████████────────█────▄▀────▀████████████▄───▄▄█▀─▄█▀──────▀████████████▀▀▀──▄███──────████████████████████─█─────████████████████████──█────████████████████████───█────██████████████████─────█────██████████████████─────█────██████████████████─────█────██████████████████─────█────██████████████████▄▄▄▄▄█─────────────█─────█─█──█─█───█─────────────█─────█─█──█─▀█─█▀─────────────█─▄█▄─█─█▀▀█──▀█▀─────────────██▀─▀██─█──█───█
,Not Recommended,247730,17060596,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Nesko,♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥im sad i bought it :(GUYS LEARN FROM MY MISTAKES AND DONT BUY THIS GAME!
,Recommended,247730,22599620,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,TomRubin,"I bought this game a while ago and while I found the game fun, I'm just not a fan of PVP.  When I found out that a single player mode was implemented, I was thrilled! The game still has some rough spots, but if you are looking for a single player survival game, definitely check this game out."
76561198128610993,Recommended,247730,14134048,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Viking,♥♥♥♥ing dope game!
76561198076039723,Recommended,247730,15791596,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,dan,Does this game still get updates?
76561198027791825,Recommended,247730,15973317,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Vonage,I LIKE IT BECAUSE IT IS FIRST PEARSON SHOOTER
76561198060850636,Recommended,247730,10481721,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Lubinator 3000,This game is briliant. I recomend people to buy this game because this game has good open world. This game is challenging with all quest and PvP even if you get killed fast but at the moment i find this game best survival game. Its good to play with friends and SP. Cheating peroblem has been solved many bugs have been solved. You can earn money by delivering packeges to different outposts. You can spend real money but that is only for customisation. to thoes who like good survival games this is the one.
,Not Recommended,247730,14465658,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Maga,This is what I call a terrible game I cant even get past the login with out it glitching out and sayng your steam client isn't running and dont even get me started with the account creation..... In short it was a was a waste of 11 bucks
76561198054683473,Not Recommended,247730,24225165,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Rocky Raccoon 1968,"bad game, unturned still the best"
76561198053231534,Recommended,247730,9018988,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Gluech,Very Fun Game if you know how to play
,Not Recommended,247730,24491886,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Xen0 Crompton,"Before I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)After  I played:＼＼ ＿＼ ( ͡° ʖ̯ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　Lﾉ"
,Recommended,247730,10891089,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ploq tacku,My Mber account closed or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ this game.OLD REVIEWLaunched the gameServer list decided not to workGame wouldn't closeHad the restart10/10 and a big ♥♥♥♥ you from Phosphor to you!
76561198075376367,Not Recommended,247730,29300255,Posted: 16 January,all,Belphegor,another dev team deserving jail
76561198041213534,Not Recommended,247730,19855010,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,MandoKal,got really boring after a short while.
76561198123845906,Recommended,247730,14804730,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,LaRanFaunda,This is a Good Game
76561198102404240,Recommended,247730,23370075,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Peace Spreader Ali,I like how most of the bad reviews are people that have less than 30 hours played on this game. Those are the people who leave because they can't find a gun within the first 10 minutes.
,Not Recommended,247730,22739758,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Vladislov,"♥♥♥♥ this game, no servers, must-have dlc and you just keep spinning up in the corner. Unplayable 0/10 thuck this♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198022399700,Not Recommended,247730,22949633,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Krop,Another ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game that sounded promising and then went down the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198057896544,Recommended,247730,10947867,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,NeoZeo,"I would recommend this game, why? Because this game still doesn't seem well develop. It can easily change its whole gameplay and graphics easily if they just work way more harder. This game reminds me of infestation survivor stories. They both have zombies or whatever they are, and they got safe zones. Players can either kill or team up. Most of the time players fight players.  And the graphic on the other hand on this game does not look like the trailer at all unless you got a high spec computer. But those bad graphics make you feel like youre playing a old school game and it should mostly matter on gameplay. Gameplay > graphics. As long you enjoy this game with a friend or alone you shouldn't be bother with other reviews. It may seem like a rip off for the full price but if you get the game when really cheap, its pretty worth. My friend and i enjoy this game so it's up to you."
,Not Recommended,247730,10943931,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Gearmarine,This Game loses its♥♥♥♥♥♥at the server selection screen this should tell you what you are in for 13 out of blue
76561197971877162,Not Recommended,247730,10372979,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Asses of Fire,"Boring, dull game.  Another first person open world KOS type game in the same vein as Warz, DayZ etc etc...The Nether get pretty tedious very quickly as their attack animations are always the same and once you learn how to clear them, its the same fight every time.The graphics look dated to me, i dont know why people think the graphics are pretty good. The fire effects are downright dreadful.  It uses the U3 engine which is slowly getting phased out.  The game still has crashing issues when switching resolutions and the pathing on some of the nether is broken to the point where they dont even see you as you walk underneath a flying nether.  If you like killing on sight and ♥♥♥♥ing up someone's game then go ahead and throw down 15 bucks. IF not, then just wait for H1Z1...its free to play."
76561198104361263,Not Recommended,247730,18052340,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Taddy Mason,".2 hours is all the time i wasted on this game. it never opened, and it crashed my pc every time i tried. i just checked the store page today to see if there were any updates to it-anything that would help me play it, and nothing. just more negative reviews, so i'm adding my own. maybe you can get this game to play on your NASA style supercomputer, maybe not. ask yourself this-do you wanna gamble $10 that you can play this game, or do you want to move on and likely find something that's WORTH that $10?"
,Not Recommended,247730,25776920,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,BinkieMcFartNuggets,Sucks
76561198140439813,Not Recommended,247730,30438742,Posted: 10 March,all,DukinTonic,it was a♥♥♥♥♥♥game but fun really fun .... now its just♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,247730,12500252,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Roy,"Just trash. It's boring, flat, glitchy, ugly and there's really no point in playing it."
76561198007215017,Not Recommended,247730,8334535,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,telamiina,"""Nice game for early beta.""It was. It was full of promise but nothing really happened. Sure little more map etc. but it was released as beta."
,Not Recommended,247730,13213417,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,mikbhoy,"""Nether is a first-person urban survival experience unlike any other.""Nether is a mugging simulator. Within 30 seconds of joining some muppet will kill you for a stick and an enegy drink, join again same outcome, ad infinitum.Good idea totally spoiled by the people who actually play the game."
76561198058491900,Not Recommended,247730,23811881,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Goose Boy,heck off stupid game
76561198042686651,Recommended,247730,9558388,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,[LBC] L.Eagle,"I do really like this game i think it is amazing but please for the love of god can the devs fix thhe updater. It is by far the most broken thing in this game, it is really slow to update and it doesnt pick up where you left off, so for someone like me with not much internet usage to have to attemppt to do this patch over and over again is just so frustrating!"
,Recommended,247730,10197359,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,JDFrosty,"Great atmosphere, good gun play. Still in Early Access and already destroys Infestation (WarZ).Worth the asking price."
76561198094722660,Not Recommended,247730,10467781,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,☠☠☠,"I was hoping to really love this game, but unfortunatley after playing it for only a short while I have to agree with most of the other reviews. The graphics are abysmal; actually worse, by far, than graphics in games 10 years ago. To put that in context, this year we will celebrate Half Life 2's 10th anniversary. Maybe I just have slow internet (thanks Abbott) but seeing other players move around without even an attempt at leg animation is disconcerting.Following on, the servers are slow as all hell. If you do manage in a semi timely fashion to find and log onto a server, assuming the slow response time hasn't basically frozen your mouse, you will be greeted with some of the worst lag you've ever seen. Be forewarned fair traveller, you will think it's a one-off lag problem. Verily it is not. I have never actually tolerated this much lag in a game and it seems to be a pretty standard part of Nether so there's that. This of course makes combat a frantic button mash with little to no skill.At first I thought this might be why I can't seem to move smoothly, but then I realised that the entire world has been put together so half-assedly that physically conected land elements (like a floor and a ramp) might require you to jump over some imaginary partition holding them together. Clipping is, as you can imagine, basically just part of the ambience at this point.Then there's the game itself. It seems to have no idea how games are meant to work. There are safezones where you spawn when you die. In theory, in a safezone you can't use weapons, can't die, and the nether can't get in. This will periodically cease to be true and you have to run around repairing the anti nether devices. As a noob, you will be the ONLY one running around repairing anti-nether devices. Everyone else can survive without them just fine. When you aren't running for your life from aliens, which teleport by the way, utterly ruining the point of a zombie survival game, you're couriering parcels from A to B in the vain hope that you can scrounge enough bits and pieces from these transactions to craft a semi decent weapon. None of this is immediatley obvious to you as the game has basically no explanation of anything at all.Upon undertaking a task outside the safezone, you will rapidly become aware of the fact that the difficulty of the nether around you will in no way be tempered to suit your skill level or armoury leading me on my first run to take on a small nether army which included a golem (try to guess what they're like) with nothing by a can gun (one shot shotgun made from a spray can) and a sword. Needless to say I died.On subsequent attempts I found fewer nether, which was great for me, but alas this came at the price of having other players around me. It turns out that the average nether player is cut from the same cloth as a day Z player, and will galdy follow a n00b out of the safe zone for the explicit purpose of killing them and looting the $10 dollars they have. Fortunately for them, since they tend to already have automatic weapons and heavy body armour, this is an enetertaining and low-risk sport. For those of us trying to figure out the game, it is not.In short, I have yet to find any element in this game which I think is good. You find eclectic items throughout the world, all of which are terribly rendered and usually look like an entire stash of discrete items, much to your chagrin. You sort of have to guess which ones can be combined at the weapon smith and into what. Until then, you're lugging around 50kg of♥♥♥♥♥♥with no way to use it. Things pop up on the screen which I'm sure are meant to be informative, but mean absolutely nothing if you haven't had it explained before, and when you start out, your chance of survival is approximately 0. Since you spawn with nothing but what you could put into a global stash (I assume, this bit is a bit fuzzy) after dying, it makes it nigh on impossible to ever advance to any reasonable level. Statistically any level of enemy can appear anywhere (except the reapers) and players have trained themselevs to see all non-tribe-members are walking goody-bags/piñatas. The game has a decent idea behind it, and if it were designed by competent designers and hosted on semi-decent servers, with a reasonable how-to guide, and some mechanism giving new players are fair shot, it'd be worth the $15. At this point though, I wouldn't even waste the bandwidth on it if it were free."
76561198124884809,Recommended,247730,10476985,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,"Anders""Assault""Gentlenein",I can't play this game.Will the creator use steam name with this game because it's much helpful and I hope everybody wants to do what I said
,Not Recommended,247730,10477799,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Digital Cold,"To be honest the game itself is great, the graphics are pretty. But the whole gameplay and immersion relies on the ""Community"" who constantly kill on sight no matter who or where you are. Believe me I've spent hours multiple times having fun with the game and the enemies but the people absolutely ruins it. And by ruining it I mean no cooperation what so ever, I understand it's PvP but is there anyone at all who doesn't shoot on sight unless you're already stabbed in the back by someone whos been killed many times themselves? To be honest their slogan is right on the money ""Prey or Pray"". Before that the game was really great though I ""did"" enjoy it."
76561198026569542,Not Recommended,247730,10481913,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Valencewolf,"This game is still Early Access despite all claims to the contrary. The game is still buggy in areas that should have long since been addressed  (lots of geometry collisions, lots of server login issues, etc.), the inventory system is unimpressive, and the game content involves transporting boxes from A to B. Save your money, or spend it on another game, but don't waste it here. Come back in a year or so: assuming the game is still around, the bugs should be gone and there will be enough content to make your purchase worth it."
76561197981665137,Not Recommended,247730,10483857,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,WorkingClass0,Big waste of time and money but if you don't mind restarting all the time and losing your stuff this game is for you.....also if you have game rage issues this game isn't for you.
76561198038422984,Not Recommended,247730,10490112,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Mickatron,"Whilst the game is enjoyable, I have no idea how anyone at Phospher thought this was in a full release state. Its far from it, filled with bugs and majorly lacking in content particulary missions and things to do as a ""survivor"" other than run around killing others.I was really excited about this game when I first played it and thought the devs were planning on working through all of the blatently obvious issues with gameplay and and code. Although that's abviously not the case as they;re released it in such a horribly poor state I wish I could get my money back.They also have a horrible DRM which made me want my money back long ago."
76561198040172742,Recommended,247730,10475296,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,.Ottoway,do not use atv's i got in one and got stuck lost all my gunsNstuff and my paid for golden keys not happy what a load of crap
76561198119648566,Recommended,247730,8613249,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,[HS] Яeal Еnigma.ıl,This game makes you feel on edge with very littel bugs and a very supportive dev team
76561198064600203,Not Recommended,247730,10186302,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Easy Pete,"this game doesnt work, i died and now im permenently put in spectator mode. absolute♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,247730,16400240,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Skylar Wolfie,It's physics are a bit wonky and odd. But it's extremely fun and challenging!
76561198125189393,Not Recommended,247730,10165473,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Kanye east,it wont launch ive had it for a day please help then i will recomend it
76561197971248149,Not Recommended,247730,10175303,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,gulp,"So I purchase this ""game"" and I have yet been able to play it once. I can't get the MBER system to link to my account for more than a month. I've contact MBER support with no solution. Now I just want my money back. Save yourself the headache of trying to get this ""game"" to work."
76561197982631924,Not Recommended,247730,10178205,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,๖ۣۜReal-Deal™,stupid cant launch
,Not Recommended,247730,10189995,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Pajoro,The DayZ like  spawn campers ruin this game by shooting anything and everything onsite regardless of the reason as soon as the player leaves the safe zones and the protection ends.The game is somewhat fun...when that doesn't happen.Make pvp and pve servers.
76561198119021442,Recommended,247730,9974309,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Snazzytoast02,not allowing me to make an account it just sits there at creating an account screen when i click to create the account
76561198061016041,Not Recommended,247730,9857499,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,TheLastGuardian,♥♥♥♥ING SUCKS♥♥♥♥♥♥CANT EVEN GET PAST LOGIN AND STEAM AND NETHER REFUSE TO ANSWER SUPPORT TICKET DONT GET SCAMMED BY THESE 2 COMPANIES
76561198023535928,Not Recommended,247730,9857978,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,AdoukeNn,"Unplayable game too much nethers on you when you meet one, and players are all idiots... Strong human is making friends from enemies and not killing me for one bag with 2 bottles of water.No iam not recomending this game to noone because it looks awesome but its only one thing what is good on this game.Don´t buy it guys try to spend some money to more teamplayable games and not this."
76561198084631921,Not Recommended,247730,9689112,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,R1pJ@wx241,"Good consept but meh. You die you lose everything, ok not a probelm but when you spawn your fkin miles away from your team mates and spend most of the night trying to meet up with them again. No friends online? Dont even bother playing the game! The comunity is full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!!!!! You try to play and have some fun but every time you go it solo groups of people hunt you down and kill you for no reason! Many times i've been playing and leveling for an hour or so, come across some guys and either ask to join them or that they leave me be and i get killed and all my stuff taken, then start again! Absoulte joke! ♥♥♥♥ this game!"
76561198018679565,Not Recommended,247730,10643060,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,waffleofdeath,An Infestation rip off. Die and lose everything.... again and again. I want my money back.
,Not Recommended,247730,10775131,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Big Thot,Terrible game. Clunky feel and filled with bugs. Not reccomended
76561198058905995,Recommended,247730,8638472,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Mithos237,"This game is beyond fun. It has a dayZ feel to it, but its a unique experience. Even though its in beta, Combat is EXTREMELY smooth, and it is a lot of fun. I run it on low graphics and am fine with it, because even on low graphics the game looks beautiful. Kinda glitchy, but not glitchy enough for it to bother you alot. Need to smooth out jumping and some other small things, and the map is kind of small at the minute, but it should be expanding. But all in all great game! ~ 9/10"
,Recommended,247730,9867739,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,[ZC] UnRuleD,Pretty good game play an fun with friends.
,Not Recommended,247730,10704625,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Tap water is a Gay Bomb,It's so bad.
,Recommended,247730,8936124,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,(TCC) TheHoodedCreeperLord,This Game Is Several Things: Survival. Instinct. Lonely. Intense. PVP. And... The NETHERS
,Not Recommended,247730,10793826,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Exxoduss,"*** WARNING *** BEFORE YOU BUY -- LOOK AT MOST OF THE REVIEWS, YOU WERE WARNED."
76561198029177668,Recommended,247730,7928823,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Erra,Definitely worth the buy.
,Not Recommended,247730,10729021,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Weeaboo Jones,Keep crashing on menu. Really frustrating!
76561198046416317,Not Recommended,247730,10737870,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Boooop,pls no buyarino.
,Not Recommended,247730,10761745,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Political Giraffe™,terrible. Pretty but broken
,Not Recommended,247730,10754463,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Spartan,Game does not let you create an account so it is unaplatable
,Not Recommended,247730,10749702,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,whiskey,"*DO NOT BUY THIS GAME*Given the state of this game(tech demo), I have to assume it's 80% off is just a final cash grab before they drop it entirely... Please, prove me wrong Phosphor Games.Where do I begin, The are NO menus... anywhere. There is no main menu, no settings menu (audio, video, controls, game settings), you can't even INVERT THE MOUSE!. The game loads into a nearly blank grey server window where you'll wait some time for the list to generate. Click connect on a server (that offers neither ping nor any descriptions on anything) and 1 of 2 things will happen, you'll connect to the server or drop errorless back to the bland looking list.If you're lucky enough to connect, 1 of another few things will happen, you'll spawn clipping underground unable to move, you'll spawn as a free roaming camera or you'll spawn into the level properly... I have yet to have this last kind of important one happen.So, every time you load glitching into the ground you have to reconnect to the server but remember there are NO menus... anywhere. So you Alt-tab out and close the game through windows then launch again to the bland slate server list, reconnect... and so on. Really Phosphor Games? I want my money back."
76561198067457346,Not Recommended,247730,10749935,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Hofenshtein,This could quite possibly one of the worst survival experiences I have ever experienced.  It's bad.  But it was only 3 bucks so...
76561198063516677,Recommended,247730,10561191,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Mrderp upgrade.gg  hellcase.com,very good
76561198052301814,Recommended,247730,8869123,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Slayforlife,"bloody amazing, fun, exiting and most of all heart stopping when your getting shot at and being chased by demons... yeah its slow at the begining but its fun as hell"
76561198042903138,Not Recommended,247730,11051745,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,SurfySnail,"I bought this game after it was no longer an early access game thinking, okay yeah it shouldn't be too bad now. I have found this game unplayable, I have played alphas less buggy than this game. First off for the first few weeks of having the game I could only spawn in spectator mode and found no solution to this problem. After an update I was finally able to spawn as a character where I think I began some tutorial to deliver a package. The game spawned me as far west as possible and told me I had to deliver the package to the safe zone in the very east of the map. I thought yeah I'll make my way there eventually. After spending an hour searching every building and not finding a single piece of loot, in a server with 5 people (no way everything could have been looted) I figured I had to finish the tutorial so I set my sights on the safe zone. After at least another hour maybe two of straight running I reached the safe zone to discover I can't deliver the package for whatever reason. It says hold E to deliver but that doesn't work. I do not recommend buying this game and I believe this game should still be in early access or Alpha. A complete waste of money, the price is far to high for the content you recieve."
,Not Recommended,247730,10753117,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Spark ✪,This game is a waste of money. *DO NOT BUY*You cant even log in without having trouble.
76561197992044617,Recommended,247730,10737449,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,PurpleMikey,"After few hours I enjoy the game.Wasn't sure at first. People are complaining about the loots, campers, missions and all...I've been playing DayZ, Stomping Land, WarZ... so I don't care about losing everything and starting over. I guess that's the main concept of these games - try to survive.So I grabbed this title for 7$ and installed it. On my first try I got a shotgun and a handgun and I was shooting looting and having fun until I died because I had no idea of what I was doing.On my second try I got lost in the world of nether, walked 15-20minutes without seeing anything interesting... finaly looted hand grenade and 2guns. Killed few monsters and got killed cuz I was acting like rambo.On my third and last try I found the basics of the game. Made few missions, tutorials, escorts, capturing zones, found some♥♥♥♥♥that insulted me cuz they don't like my helmet and all that without a single gun but a katana. Finaly found a gun with a nice scope and one of the asses so I shot him down and ran away with the escort mission. I'm now level 11 and still alive.This game is fun once you know how to play it. My first play was cool because it was new, my second run wasnt that cool to be honest. And if I haven't played a third time tonight I would probably have quitted the game.You have to learn how to play to appreciate the game. And group play is way better. I had fun with a random guy until he got shot during an escort.7/10 - I recommend if you like ""survival games"" with humans being humans (unpredictable) and easier to play than DayZ can be."
,Not Recommended,247730,10935990,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,inlaw,"fun game, best part was the server browser. i totally recommend this master piece of scam."
,Not Recommended,247730,10073512,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,White Smoke,"Dont get this game, I bought this game watching VanossGaming. The game itself would be fun but Horrible lag i have perfect connection I play a lot of pc all my games are fine but this one I cant explain how bad it is. People say that this game will break your computer. That is true once you start the game your whole becomes laggy and you cant simply quit with the x at the top i have to hold the power button on my desktop (which is bad for it)."
,Recommended,247730,12428775,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Jaydan Y.,Great game that is based off of Dayz but I give it a 10/10
,Not Recommended,247730,12458931,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Alex Diersmit,It's ♥♥♥♥ing broken. By that I mean that it doesn't ♥♥♥♥ing work and is a massive rip off and I wish I never bought the game.
,Not Recommended,247730,10776719,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,123,Can't even create a account when ever i try to create a acount it says it is already taken even though i never created a account I want a refundEDIT:I created acount i am going to play before i can recommend the game.EDIT2: i would love to recomend the game but i can't because i CAN'T FREAKING PLAY! When ever i log in it says my steam is already linked i know that they are trying to fix but come on my friend has had if for 3 days and it is still not fixed I would either like it fixed for a Refund
,Recommended,247730,18038696,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,YourBoiKevin,need a decent computer to runadd me
76561198152690168,Recommended,247730,18062811,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,DirtyDan,Awww yeah
76561198187386318,Recommended,247730,17641993,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,WigglyWooBoo,this game is fun it puts you straight into action guns are not hard to find and there are plenty of gun locations on youtube i recomend you get this game and play with your frends and compite in the survivle with safezones always are not sucure when nether can atack at eny moment be carfullil give you a hint where a realy good gun is madison rode to the left of the safe zone on top of 1 of the 4 bildings you will find a mach 9XDD for reading
76561198068118809,Recommended,247730,12471198,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Niggle,"Great game, very fun and interesting. Alot of customization and♥♥♥♥♥♥you can do. Really good expirience and uniqueness."
,Not Recommended,247730,10892317,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Pakistani Warlord,cant even start the game because i didnt know i needed a 64 bit computer. i olnly have a 32 bit windows 7 laptop. I wasted about $3.00 on this game for nothing. F***  NETHER
,Not Recommended,247730,13151054,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Thumblesteen,"The issue with MMORPGs, is that the MMO usually undermines the RPG part. Why? Because of the marring effects that internet anonymity has on our social competence. Thing is, I'm not that competitive. I think it's rather pointless. It's who I am, I didn't ask for that disposition. I figured this game might be fun since my perception of roleplaying games is the emphasis on character development and immersion. To roam the wastes, perhaps with a couple of mates, doing the old wasteland safari. Maybe dine out of some of the five star dumpsters, enjoy the sights of rubble that was once museums and statues. Kill a couple of mutants, and perhaps share stories of what one had to endure out there. You know, ROLEPLAYING.So what did I get? I stepped twenty metres out of the safe zone and some blaggard decided to use me for target-practice. That's forgivable, I thought. After all, no greater losses, I'll just respawn and- Oh, my inventory is empty.Well, then. I guess that undermines the hope of, nay, insane dream of progressing in this game.If I wanted some PK shitpit where people roam about opportunistically killing one another as though it was the Glastonbury ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Festival, then, frankly, I'd just move to Ukraine. But I'm not doing that, now am I?I'm here, in my apartment, in front of a computer, trying to enjoy a game. But that's lost on me. Because I don't like being a ♥♥♥♥♥♥. I like building things, creating things, working WITH people. Not being some internet bully who strikes people down like some weblike carnation of Zeus. I'm just not that bothered about my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥size.So, would I recommend this game?Of course not, I measure to about six inches."
,Recommended,247730,17869499,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,SystemAnonymous,"Nether is a fun game.Ingame market is a nice touch. Its sells ::Items that change looks (cosmetics)Ammo for most weaponsAnd melee weapons!Does NOT sell guns!This stupid thing about Nether.Is the safe zone.. When your new, someone that has a gun, will follow you from the safe zone just to shoot you the moment safety wears off!"
,Not Recommended,247730,10800999,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,A FAT DONKEY 55,"Nether is a very fun game but way to broken to play. Just making aplaynether.comaccount was broken, once I finally got by all of the glitches and into the game it was loads of fun. But while playing the game I encountered loads of unnecessary frame drops and millions of annoying glitches. Overall this game could be good if it was not rushed out of early access and into a full game (thank god I only paid 3.99 for this title), but if you are looking for a multiplayer survival game go look else where for example Dayz stand alone."
,Not Recommended,247730,17609718,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,FluffehXI,This Game is a trainwreck on a care accidentReason's:No clipping on props(Litterally can walk through solid objects)player's are Cruel and moronic (when there are players)empty servers(played for a few hours and hadnt seen a single human player)run's like garbage(Ps2 graphics quality on highest settings)incredibly clunky gameplay and combatstay away this is not a good investment at the momentmaybe when developers actually start developing rather than slacking it could be a different story
,Not Recommended,247730,16629510,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Aidan Kozak,"I have been waiting a year to be able to run it and after creating an accout, it says wrong password, and I said ok whatever ill make another new one with one of my various email adresess, and it says that I have to link it because I bought it from steam agian, I said ok I click yes and it says failed to link account, another account has already been linked to your steam account can anyone help me with this?"
76561198102779656,Not Recommended,247730,12457131,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Tao,IM TRYING TO LINK MY STEAM STUFF TO MBER BUT I DONT KNOW HOW? CAN REAL PEOPLE HELP ME?!
76561198055767971,Not Recommended,247730,16302500,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,ShiniSaba,"Nether is a terrrible game. the graphics are lower than advertised, there a low amount of servers especially im my area (Australia). making it hard to play with the lag. The game is glitchy i found myself in the air at one point only to fall from the sky and die, vendors bug out and close conversation and no one play this game anymore.I regret bying this game as i bought the gold edition ( which is 20 usd more ) and i wish i could have a refund"
,Recommended,247730,10747639,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Eqm,"Nice game.... but i can't play because, he's not connect to any server"
76561198138646565,Not Recommended,247730,12060235,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Mr Woolysheep,wont even allow me to log in
,Not Recommended,247730,12061852,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,ionlord,Not worth the money. There is no loot anywhere to find but there are plenty of creatures that want your brain.
76561198065125586,Not Recommended,247730,10732299,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Zark The Shark,I keep getting this error message when I try to connect.  :Would you like to link your Steam account to your Mber account? This is required if you bought your game via Steam. I keep clicking on YES but nothing works...can't play...
,Recommended,247730,8839351,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Ha Whore,"I really Enyoy this game but sometimes you run into some jerks who kill you even tho you are only levl 1 it can kinda get irritating, I really hope they make servers where thre is no pvp. But other than that its a really fun and intense game."
,Not Recommended,247730,10832370,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,p1zz3r1nh0,"I dont like this game, better game is DayZ bros and girlz"
,Not Recommended,247730,10847006,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,phoonz,Looks like an awesome game until you buy it ! Have fun trying to get your money back as no matter what problem hits u wether  its the crashing freezing or bugging nobody will help you because nobody knows how to fix this. Hope steam does something or  talks to nether devs about this !!!
76561198124571181,Not Recommended,247730,9781632,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Thumperkinsman,THIS GAME TAKES YOUR MONEY AND WON'T LET YOU PLAY!!!IT'S HORRIBLE DO NOT GET IT!!!!
,Not Recommended,247730,7759295,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Cosmo,"If you are thinking about buying this game, DONT!"
76561198063455116,Recommended,247730,8341647,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Mr.Frog,great game!
76561198066034945,Not Recommended,247730,23693594,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,MP,Not supported by devs
76561198046670924,Not Recommended,247730,10087606,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,HYPSTON,stupid game will not launch
,Not Recommended,247730,10096631,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Rage,"This is one of the worse games I have ever played.  I'll start with the actual startup interface.  For those of you who don't realize this, it uses an outside interface (regardless of steam) to launch the game.  Their login is a complete and utter nightmare, and that's assuming you link the account correctly.  The gameplay is terrible, and pathing of the enemies is downright laughable.  AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE"
,Not Recommended,247730,10090155,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Thors,"Played for 45 m and found some stuff did a quest, got to a town... finnally crafted my first gun there. Figuring out some of the game while sitting in ""safe zone"" then all of a sudden killed dropped back down to lvl 1 and lost all my gear. Game doesnt feel smooth, combat ok at best. All in all, waste of time. Needs alot of work, do not buy."
,Not Recommended,247730,10374757,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Nylon Angel,"Many of the problems that Nether has had for months, that update after update did not fix, but where forgivable to a small degree by the fact that the game was still in development, are still present in the released game.Clunky, ugly and glitchy character movement.Invisible barriers in buildings.The Nether glitch into buildings, have poor AI and very bad models, textures and animation. Because they bring so little to the game it has become a PVP fest and not a very good one.The vast majority of the environment is put together with little thought to how an urban setting would look and function in real life and yet doesn't work as a good game setting. The new maps in particular have little love in them, they look like they where very rushed, buildings plonked down with no thought as to what would make sense, vegetation floating three feet off the ground, bugged ""deadly"" water to fill out the area and make the maps look bigger.Key rebinding that is still bugged out and doesn't work properly.Boring game mechanics.Little reason to care about the world or any of your characters as the game lacks any compelling or interesting goals.The game lacks vision and imagination. It feels bleak, not because they got the post apocalyptic world right, which they didn't, but because it feels like the devs just didn't give a frig about the game at all.A poorly made and lackluster game."
76561198077939150,Not Recommended,247730,10374686,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,ASSWAX123,"it wasnt all dat gr8 bruh, it lagged like hell cuz my internet"
76561198077348015,Not Recommended,247730,10375465,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,godseydg,"waste of time, maybe ill pick it in a couple of months and try again after a few patches, seems like it comming together. all servers feel abandoned"
76561198157177693,Recommended,247730,13120224,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Subject-???,ill rate this game a....... 7/10 only because it seems like fun i have no idea how to make an account but ive watched vids....
76561198082090327,Recommended,247730,8656243,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Maniac,yo yo yo buy this.
,Not Recommended,247730,11040208,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Zeevolte,this game takes forever i cant even play it  cause of lag and the errors
,Recommended,247730,25446878,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Miao,"Buy game at heightDoesnt workWait and starts working 3 years laterStarts playing, 3 servers up, all emptyStarts playing, no instructionsDies instantly to enemy that spawns on me11/10 ign would play until i die"
76561198104349408,Recommended,247730,10820378,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Solef9,great game see you there
,Not Recommended,247730,8159891,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,ein,"Imagine a fan patch for S.T.A.L.K.E.R. that made it into a sort-of MMO. Imagine what you would have put up with in 2006 if you could get your hands on that. You'll have to put up with that now that if you buy this. Buy it later.Update - With several months gone by, and the game now out of Early Access, it bums me out a little that I've got to stand by what I wrote above, and I can no longer recommend this game. It was not ready for release, the map isn't even close to being finished, the UI is sloppy, video options are lacking, and performance is pretty poor even for people with high-end systems. Gameplay has improved somewhat, and the game is still fun if you don't mind sub-30 framerates and general clunky behavior. Between you and me, pick it up for $2.49 in a few months. But for now it's getting the ol' thumbs down."
,Recommended,247730,8180681,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Carloside,The Netherr is More Likely Like DayZ but even Funner more Land to Adventure but the only thing thats scares me is the Screacher There the most Dangerous watch out they call more enemies to you Trry it mates it will Be fun To play Most likely have a friend in your side :)
,Recommended,247730,8266939,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,OLD Im using tilt controls,This IS my review of nether...BEST EXPIERIENCE IN MEH LIFE<3 <3
,Recommended,247730,8612352,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Mr. Meeseeks,"nether: well as a gamer i beileve this game has a big map, with many things you can do with your imagination. considering i was playing alot of horror games anything scares me now but i will say this game has a little bit of jump scares. keeping you playing is wanting to know what more you can do. but if you like the game and think your getting a little board just go play with some friends that always gets you going!"
,Not Recommended,247730,10745279,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Jazzy,Crashes on the server screen. No word from the devs dispite it being such a wide spread issue.
76561198067595879,Recommended,247730,13140692,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Pudding,"Just wanted to let the developers know what a thumbs up looks like, this is gross."
,Recommended,247730,22283767,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Drown,Great game 1/1
76561198117401930,Recommended,247730,13976744,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Qmac5415,"This game is amazing, 10/10 would recomend. It would be great if there was a chat bar, and you could direct a message to a specific person. It would be nice if you had the chance of not losing ALL of your stuff when you die."
,Not Recommended,247730,10782120,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Samurai Goldfish,"so it says iv played 7 minutes which is not true. iv played all of 0 minutes. game crashes on sign in, and no its nothing to do with my computer being unable to handle anything. i can handle every game available at the moment on the highest settings. tried multiple things to get it working but no solution yet. after a quick search online im not the only one. terrible."
76561198168415546,Not Recommended,247730,16032996,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,BENIS :XDDD:DDDDD,"Play bad rats, it's better."
,Not Recommended,247730,15891132,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Trixinator,game wont work keeps on saying need to have steam client running if not connect to mber account WHEN I HAVE STEAM CLIENT RUNNING!!! GAME IS A WASTE OF YOUR MONEY! ITS F***
76561198046797914,Not Recommended,247730,18136526,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,MikeaMatrix,Started out good. Each update made it worse. Currently not worth it.
,Not Recommended,247730,23658504,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Pekols,"I would really rather sit staring deep in my monitor while it was turned off, waiting for the girl from ""The Ring"" to come out and drag me into her well than ever play this again."
,Not Recommended,247730,18126547,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,*dognoises*,Someone told me to get this because we would have fun.......They lied.
76561198154713572,Recommended,247730,14890631,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,epickiller,the game is a little lagy when you strint but everything else is great
,Not Recommended,247730,23694599,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,JustOlive,"This game could have been good but the developers don't update it anymore, they gave up on the game. I would'nt even buy this game during the sale. Most of my hours on this game were just when it was buggy (which it still is) and i was struggling to even get in a game. Do not buy."
76561198131483500,Recommended,247730,10092875,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,McLovin,wast of money wont even let me play this game
76561198033725242,Not Recommended,247730,18115761,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Corbo,"Amazing potential, bad performance."
,Not Recommended,247730,17508096,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Amaria,i liquify babys in hydrochloric acid and inject em like sweet mexican black tar heroin 0-10
,Not Recommended,247730,24940962,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,dJw,- Bought it- played it- never ever played it again
,Not Recommended,247730,10804471,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,CopyPast3r,Can't get past server select screen game crashes.
,Not Recommended,247730,10805574,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,zackattack5117,It doesn't start
76561198006533071,Not Recommended,247730,9312188,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Hard Boiled Egg,"Been dropping in an out this for a while, but it just doesn't have anything going for it. Its a mediocre game, with mediocre gameplay, graphics, ideas etc. Its not awful, its just not that good either....."
,Not Recommended,247730,10734477,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,CyNinja3,Just don't. save your money for somthing else you'll be happy you did.
,Recommended,247730,13876999,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,(Most Likely Not) Tecknique,"It's a great game, however it still holds a few bugs and glitches from when it was in Alpha.It takes a while for the game to get kicking, such as finding the items needed to survive, leveling up your account for bonuses, and so on.I'd recommend this game only if you are willing to play with a friend. It gets pretty tedious when you're playing solo."
76561197974302284,Recommended,247730,8804847,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Vashx,most frustrating game... ever!
,Not Recommended,247730,9273324,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,I HATE BLACK PEOPLE,Dogshit. Complete and utter dogshit. The screenshots and videos are a huge scam. Game looks NOTHING like the screenshots or the videos.
,Not Recommended,247730,8737489,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Sacred Crimson,Even though early access the screen quality really suffers and can not be optimised for all screens. more lonley then Arma:ll/Dayz not very many monsters per map and can barly do anything to start with.
76561198128233355,Recommended,247730,13936962,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,╠Slippery╣,"I enjoy this game quiet alot, although you might die alot it's still a very fun game. The experiance is really fun and i enjoy the troubles it offers for survival."
76561197979183507,Not Recommended,247730,11800355,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Superjunk,"Garbage.  There was obviously some initial effort and ambition put in this title, but the developers ran out of steam and dumped it.  What a waste of time.  Uninstalled."
76561198096926751,Not Recommended,247730,9351598,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,...,no  never   this game should support gamepad  its  2014  those low  budget games are still  20 years  behind  stil running  on keyboard and mouse shame on you guys  otherwise  therre is no problem  its 40  doller game  with no gamepad
76561198053695074,Recommended,247730,11061141,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Mr Spits,i liked it its cool how you can make lots of cool things like a can gun
,Not Recommended,247730,10401822,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Islandshadows88,"This game is just like day-z and rust, not comparing the gameplay but the community, all these games are is that you spawn, look for items as soon as you think you meet someone friendly, they kill you and you lose all your items and repeat. I love the game's concept though, you must survive in a post-apocalyptic world with aliens and people who you trust basically just to screw you over and loot your body for items you worked hard on finding."
76561198044840335,Recommended,247730,8261427,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Alfredo,Awsome game!!!
,Not Recommended,247730,8540699,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,TheLeapist,Hasn't seen an update in forever. It really missed its window for real success. There are now so so many survival games with plenty better than this one. This game is vaporware as of current. Definitely don't purchase.
,Not Recommended,247730,18119490,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Korprate,"This game WAS awesome. It's dead now though, the devs have not updated in almost a year, very very small player base, please dont buy this game."
,Not Recommended,247730,23709236,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,The Star Squid,"It's a shame I wasted my money on this game. I had hope for it, but now its just a buggy mess."
,Recommended,247730,8456605,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,heroh // esportstickets.gg,"(LONG review, but worth the read if you are really interested in the game.)For those who NOT RECOMMEND Nether, either you are some frustrated WarZ players or you haven't played enough of the game.People complain that you die easily for players that have full gear, but since I can remember this happens with EVERY scavenging-survival games. There WILL be good players who will help you with supplies or even guns, and there will be players who will kill you on sight. It's part of the game, and that's what makes you feel afraid of dying and losing hours of looting and leveling, but as I said, It's PART OF THE GAME.Here are some features that make Nether a great choice between WarZ and DayZ:1- Immersive Gameplay: No, I'm not talking about some creepy and badly-placed ambience sounds. Nether will make you feel literaly inside the game. It's atmosphere will make you♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants when it's nighttime and you hear a Nether (monster) nearby, or when you hear shots from the distance without knowing if it's a guy killing Nethers to survive or hunting down other players.2- Easy loot, easy life: I'm not sure if the spawn-points for the items are all pre-determined and will never rotate or something, but It's easy to find items like Pistols, food and bandages. Within 30 minutes I was able to find a Shotgun, Mini-Uzi and tons of supplies. Of course, it depends on your luck, purely, but it's not like you'll walk a thousand miles without finding a single can of food.3- They're NOT Zombies: I like zombies. Everyone likes zombies. But in a world that survival games are all pre-determined by zombies, Nether innovated with these new creatures that not only make the game different, but enables the devs to explore a new level of map design. The Nethers (monsters) can teleport to where you are (IF they spot you), so you'll not be able to run if a Nether spot you, but there are nearly no monsters on the streets if you compare it to DayZ or WarZ. So it's like this, if you can stealth, you'll be fine, if you've been spotted, you have to kill them silently, otherwise you'll alert other Nethers and cause a chain-reaction.4- Urban Environment: It's purely a city. There is no jungle or giant forests. The map it's huge enough tho. Since it's Alpha, the map is limited, but the amount of details that you can find in this game is remarkable, and you can notice the details on the very first time you jump into the game. There are underground subway stations that you can explore if you have enough courage. And EVERY street is different. It's not a bunch of copyed buildings and houses and blocks, you will rarely feel like you're lost because every street is different.5- Buildings with levels: Since Nethers can teleport, they will be on rooftops and they WILL chase you even if you enter or climb a building. There are many buildings that you can enter and get on higher levels, but nothing unfair like multiples multi-level building with multiples windows that will make you get hit by a sniper without even knowing where he is (it happens sometimes tho).6- GORGEOUS graphics: Unreal 3 does NOT disappoint with the graphics, and even tho you can notice some flickering when walking above some objects or climbing a staircase, the beauty and details make it worth the play.7- Player leveling: You earn levels when you kill Nethers and players, and the skill-tree is actually VERY useful. You upgrade your melee and you can block an attack, upgrade it again and will increase your damage and decrease your stamina use when swinging your weapon. You NEED to upgrade your character. If you're level 1 and find a Sniper Rifle, you'll not be able to shoot a thing since your aim will be extremely shaky and unstable. You can level up to lvl 20 (I think), but if you die you'll spawn level 1 again.8- In-game Market: If you kill monsters they're likely to drop certain itens (I guess) and money (I guess too) that you can use to sell and buy things on the Safe-Zone. You also can store things on your safe-zone so if you die you can retrieve it later if you wish. You can buy guns and ammo and food too. I'm not really sure about in-game transactions, but they say it on the website that there are not. But actually there are, but I'm not sure if it's only because it's Alpha or if they will make it permanently. I totally disagree with these micro-transactions tho.9- Missions: You can grab a package and deliver it to another safe-zone in exchange for money and exp, and if you're lucky enough, you'll find tons of items during your trip to the destined area. Nether-Surges happens too, wich is like a massive Nether-spawn in a random area of the map, so look out when this happens. The Safe-zone can also be attacked by Nethers, and you need to cooperate with players to restore the ""nether-shield"" and make the Safe-Zone secured again. So it's not like you'll jump into the game, grab some guns and kill people, you have some objectives that you can do, if and whenever you want.10- It's Alpha! : The game is not even finished, and you can notice the amount of details that the Devs are pouring into this game. They also HEAR the feedback from the community and improve/add features as people play and give them their opinion.So, if you still think Nether is NOT worth playing, I suggest you to gather some friends and play it together as a Team. Of course, if you play it alone it will be boring sometimes, and if you get killed you'll be really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because you lose EVERYTHING you have, but hey, It's part of the game, and that's what makes it really fun and immersive."
,Not Recommended,247730,10724720,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Glowlog [Road to G.E],"♥♥♥♥♥basura que no funciona, comedme la polla!-zapatero"
76561198015244259,Not Recommended,247730,10786890,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,l3ear,This game does not work. Some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t about 64bit.Not even worth the $2.99 Summer-sale PRICE.Simply does not work.
,Not Recommended,247730,10709278,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Jaxi,The game was good. Then they made it bad. It used to be finding weapons then having fun shoot-offs with other clans. Now its not finding weapons and clans sniping you and stealing your stuff. They ruined a perfectly good game.
,Not Recommended,247730,10709789,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Solaire of Astora,"I remember this game popping up as early access. The whole concept after playing DayZ and WarZ seemed fun to me. The trailer looked even more epic.However, the graphics are nothing like the screenshots. The mechanics are nothing like WarZ was.For example: You can walk through walls, bookshelves and other furniture.Walking or running shakes the camera like crazy, so basicly you get motion sick from playing this game.And don't even dare to swim... you die instantly in the water!As for monsters... been walking around for like 10 minutes, haven't seen any, however I did die to starvation since I didnt find any loot/food either.Warz at least had loot spread around the whole map (mostly in towns), and even tho it was a gankfest, it had it fun moments.To me WarZ was way better than this and that aint a compliment for either of the 2 games, since both kinda suck in the long run!"
,Not Recommended,247730,10710755,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,RapeJuice,Possibly the worst game ive ever played. I bought it for 19.99.. it's now on sale for 3 euro and it's still not worth it/ Avoid at all costs.
,Not Recommended,247730,10720818,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Xaioa,Does not support 32bit and does not show this well enough in my opinion.I have seen Streams and Video footage of this game and there are enough hackers that will ruin the game.
,Not Recommended,247730,12359580,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Alpha Llama,This game has changed the way i buy games on steam. From the screenshots you would think the game has real substance and content. Think again. This game could have been great but to me it feels like whoever made / developed it gave up on it and only did a half job of the things that seemed to work.The enemies are terrible and consist of a very small number of different creatures.Building design and decoration in game is woeful.Gameplay ... well what is there to do but run around and gank people ?
,Recommended,247730,21181904,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,twistedTSD,"I don't think it's that bad. I didn't expect anything special and first I was actually like ""yep, there are bugs, annoying warping monsters and I just keep dying""...However, after a few hours I learnt how to play a bit and realized I quite like it. It can be an interesting stealth game with open world and a typical postapocalyptic atmosphere...just give it a chance and don't say it sucks after <0.5 hours of playing.+atmosphere+you have to be very careful all the time which makes it kind of thrilling+once you die, your character is...simply dead...which is a good thing IMHO+open world-not many other players on servers (but at least you're not attacked very often)-annoying warping monsters and stupid flying monsters :D-they can hurt you even through a wall-supplies ""spawn"" always at the same places...I'm afraid the game will turn to be boring after some timeEDIT after 17 h: I really think it's underrated and I enjoy playing it...However...I was playing with my advanced and very well equipped character (after hours and hours of searching for items) and I just fell into water and died, probably just because of bug...Well, at the moment I'm definitely not that satisfied with the lack of possibility to revive your character...:-)"
76561198134013077,Not Recommended,247730,21163608,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Dr.Fummbles,7/10 perfect
,Recommended,247730,8414705,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,M00NM00N,nether is a good survival horror game. Its mechanics are some what bugy but are bearable. Even though the game is a bit bugy I give it a 10/10
76561198097990286,Not Recommended,247730,11891662,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Drakotol,"Game is ♥♥♥♥ing dead, no update, no devs, give me my money back please."
76561198079471406,Not Recommended,247730,10727483,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,愛MR.SISTERFISTER雨,"ok this is seriously getting on my nerves, i dont usually get mad, and granted i only paid $7 for the game, but seriously, it wont ♥♥♥♥ing link my account, I've asked them several; times to send me an email to verify that it is me who bought it, and they never send the email...also, it keeps telling me i have to sync the account, but i cannot do so until theu get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together and do something as basic as send a damn email"
76561197968386351,Not Recommended,247730,10790721,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Krutchy,"Biggest waste of money ever. Game keeps freezing on the server browser screen and won't let you continue. I cannot seem to find a workaround, and the only posts from devs regarding this issue say that ""they are aware of it"".... back in December 2013. At the time I write this, it is 25/6/2014. Not even worth the $2.99 on special. Absolute garbage. Fix your crap before selling a broken product."
76561198251770004,Recommended,247730,24140611,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,(͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)﻿ RutzGaming,"Really good game with alot of potential....... If the devs didnt abandon it, it could have grown to be a game that would go viral and be in the top paid games but wasnt only buy this if your happy with bugs in the game and low populated servers."
76561198070810021,Not Recommended,247730,24700535,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Hero3019,"i baught this game a year ago it had so much potential then poof it just started dying out no more update until Netyher ""resurscted"" resurected my♥♥♥♥♥stuff you hand in a dead body and play around whith it you will see that its as boring has when its dead its the same thing whith nether... R.I.P Nether you used to be so good :(P.S at least there is no more microtransaction... thats a plus"
,Not Recommended,247730,10723298,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,donomonkey9,horrible please dont get it
76561198135489660,Not Recommended,247730,23968401,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,lost souls,i bought the game and it crashed while i was making an account so now i have the game but i cant pay it +1
76561198019333163,Not Recommended,247730,12381342,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,SeriousLogan,i can't believe i wasted 3 dollars for this♥♥♥♥♥♥ i would have had more fun buying a key and finding a ♥♥♥♥ing strange boston basher once i used that key.
76561198087370347,Recommended,247730,9742971,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Alberto,This game is amazing hours of fun with mates :D
,Not Recommended,247730,29947973,Posted: 15 February,all,CallMeSnake..,Where's my cash bruh? i bought a game that you didn't deliver.
76561198078390352,Not Recommended,247730,29946578,Posted: 15 February,all,xXold_schoolXx,is there any way i can get my money back? this game sucks by the way super slow and didnt work right i remember about a year ago a buddy of mine and i bought it on sale and forgot to check the reviews and both lost our money to a game that cant even work properly...
,Not Recommended,247730,29971390,Posted: 16 February,all,Velikan,"You could argue I should spend more time in this game in order to review it properly but I tried playing ""single player"", got dropped into a game and didn't understand what was going on other than me being able to knife some monsters. I joined osme multiplayer game, spent 10 minutes wandering about, knifed some more bad guys and called it quits. It's glitchy, bland and overall ""meh""."
,Not Recommended,247730,12695246,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,GERTY,horses cant go into the house because the cats will jump into the pool.
,Recommended,247730,10782260,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Thế Chột,"You know, my first impression about this game is frozen server list, and then stuck at spectator mode ! I want my money back, but still hope that the developer would fix these problem as soon as possible ! I really want to enjoy this game :("
76561197987773843,Not Recommended,247730,10726715,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Illuminato,"Complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ scam, not worth 1 penny. Looks♥♥♥♥♥♥ runs♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay♥♥♥♥♥♥ First review I think I have ever written on Steam, it just had to be done, let this be a warning to all of you. I am actually very angry even though I only wasted around £2, it's that bad."
,Not Recommended,247730,14738348,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,WastedHP,The game has let me down I had so much expectations and it did not meet a single one.
76561198083390653,Recommended,247730,30423259,Posted: 10 March,all,mspicer32,this game is awesome and fun to play with friends
76561198006255803,Not Recommended,247730,14294607,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,new_wave,"This was the first alpha I participated in. The gameplay was not fun and just plain frustrating. I checked back now and it's still not fun. Back than it ruined the alpha concept for me, but since then I tried some others which has been more of a mixed bag. Some alpha's I play regularly, others are as fun as this.I wanted to like Nether, I like the concept (I am a huge STALKER fan) but the game itself just isn't polished enough to be fun, not even nowPerhaps PvE will change this, but if I understand others correctly this game still isn't worth playing"
,Not Recommended,247730,13991598,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Retrex ✔DICKBUTTSUPREME✔,Severs are still down...
76561198054549584,Not Recommended,247730,12884620,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Cowboy King,This is a crappy game. Don't play this♥♥♥♥♥
76561197973770173,Not Recommended,247730,12890317,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,NocternalDaze,"caution don`t buy this game as there is no support what so ever for this game, wasted money best spent on a game where devs care about giving good support for a alpha game."
76561198040124634,Recommended,247730,10726918,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Chin,"is gaaaay , i ned rifind pls"
,Recommended,247730,9951994,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Heinrich Himmler✠,it wont let me create an acount please help me
,Recommended,247730,8214522,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Mayson,"cool game like dayz but diffrent, scary as hell"
,Not Recommended,247730,10753856,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,KRL hellcase.com,Don't buy this game via steam cuz this game doesn't work.. freezing in menu... you just can't play... and if u any miracle join on the server u will bee only spectactor... i want my money back... :/
76561198015744308,Recommended,247730,7979601,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Kasabyan,"The game provides the full atmosphere feelings it can give. Im together with my girlfriend totally in Chicago surviving and both thinking of where one should go. But, we lack uniting in groups and seing each other (in group)- on a minimap - it's needed because we don't have all senses like scent or real hearing of world around us - so it's twice harder to find your friends than in a real life."
,Recommended,247730,8226817,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Tippers,"Love this game... It is addicting! It scares the absolute ^&*% of you at first but once you get a relatively good weapon, you man up and it is very fun. But be cautious! Carelessness WILL cause in your death. Stockpile as much as you can!"
76561198053525772,Recommended,247730,9402563,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,joepothead,my xbox controller won't move my guy?????
,Recommended,247730,11043256,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,OGJudas,"the constant crashes, and multiplayer effects of this game make it non-worthwhile, the horrible places that spawn your character that had previously saved in a safezone (good, non-shooty type of place) make it incredibly difficult to stay alive in the mad chaos of the neverending enemies, other players (♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s) and constant loss of inventory because of the lack in development, for the past hour and a half that i have played total, the game crashed not once, not twice, not thrice, but 8, (yes i kept track) 8 TIMES, the games falsehood of just releasing updates does not make it a finished game, the lack in support of this game make it falsely named a non-early-access-game. i would have not bought this while on sale if i had realized the horrible excuse of a pvp, post-apocalyptic multiplayer game."
76561198003897940,Recommended,247730,10892649,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Megatr0n,"This game has recived a lot of bad press i belive it is due to the fact that in some way it is related to the War Z fiasco, and the fact that unlike most game you feel very underpowered. You can not walk in to the game and think this is COD and you will get 30 kills it is a survival horror game and should be treated as such Very Low ammo very low weapons food is always a concern, not to metion other players haha there is a lot to keep track of but when u do it is tons of fun.I recommend playing with a friend it makes the game more fun, yes there are some strange bugs but when you are with a friend they all seem very funny.I recommend the game its tons of fun"
76561198069516481,Recommended,247730,12587238,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,TheRealPapaSmurf,Buggy is Buggy
,Not Recommended,247730,33217279,Posted: 3 July,all,notpat,Would play for like an hour. Get a bunch of stuff. Get killed by some guy camping a safe zone. Uninstall.
,Not Recommended,247730,33299490,Posted: 5 July,all,Myles,"I didn't even get to play the game that much, but for the like 2 or 3 hours I did, it wasn't bad I found some players got murdered on site, found a gun instantly shot in the back, spawned in died, and this was years back though, like 2 years ago.."
76561198042701715,Not Recommended,247730,14567583,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,haze_warfare,THIS GAME IS BROKEN DO NOT BUY
,Recommended,247730,10988863,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Foxes,It's a MEH game
76561198161900570,Not Recommended,247730,33462412,Posted: 11 July,all,Mr_HardCore,no. just no.
76561198069402130,Not Recommended,247730,33446050,Posted: 10 July,all,Radicalpeanutass,Go ahead and just look at the last pic in the slideshow. That says everything you need to know. They didn't put it because they just forgot to care.
76561198040615764,Not Recommended,247730,11369546,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,kmole,A NASTY HORRID GAME I WISH I HAD NOT BOUGHT IT EVERY PLAYER IS MEAN ON THERE THEY CAMP THE SAFEZONES TO GET YOUR STUFF WHEN YOU DIE YOU LOSE YOUR SKILL PIONTS AND ANYTHING COLLECTED WEAPONS ETC YOU LOSE IT ALL AND ALSO NOW THEY TAKE HALF YOUR MONEY AWAY I AM NO PLAYING IT ANYMORE THE GAMEMAKERS MUST ALL HAVE NASTY STREAKS IN THEM BUT THIS GAME COULD OF BEEN GREAT IT DOES NEED A NON PVP AREA AS WELL MOST MMORPGS HAVE THESE BUT THEY CHOOSE NOT TO NOBODY MUCH PLAYS THIS ANYMORE I AM DELETING IT OF STEAM .
,Recommended,247730,33597041,Posted: 16 July,all,Gowther,I love this game just hop on here with a bunch of friends and have a good time.
,Not Recommended,247730,10773993,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,HortonHearsHotButtSex,Dont get this pile of trash.
,Not Recommended,247730,8239810,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,3mspoook,"You guys want to hear something funny? I have 79 minutes logged in this game already, and none of that time is gameplay. I have spent that much time re downloading this game. Over and over and over again. Thanks nether team. Let me know when you fix your corrupt downloads."
,Recommended,247730,8265923,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Mr. $te@m ☂,"Must have! yeah it's not DayZ but who has time to bind all those controls?This game is great fun to play, hard, but easy to pick up... unlike DayZ!Come help your friends beat the evil.... then they will shot you in the back and take your hat : (ENJOY!!!!!"
,Recommended,247730,8266052,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,chasescott9,this game is awesome just some linking issues and launcher needs some fixing
76561198027347563,Recommended,247730,13971118,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,PLKY,It's okay.
76561198041274889,Recommended,247730,13973721,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Myth,Started playing this game very early alpha till now and i have to say that they did a very good job with it i am enjoying this game a lot.
76561198012009162,Not Recommended,247730,8226657,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Moonman,"This game is bad. I know its in early access, but it seems that the devs dont know at which point you can show a game to the players. This isfar from being close to readyand it reminds me ofWarZ. Devs are on a warning list for their next game."
76561198019079286,Recommended,247730,10901334,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Anybody,i like the game its stin in alpha but is awesome
76561198119381612,Not Recommended,247730,10729405,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,sop,i cant even play
,Not Recommended,247730,8213287,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Hentai Overlord,Gross
76561198021301062,Recommended,247730,11059386,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Astronaut Sloth,It's good
,Recommended,247730,12179184,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Xarde™,"PLEASE READ ALL FOR PROPER REVIEW!Read this if you want an honest opinion of the game if you are thinking about getting it etc... When I first got this game i though wow this looks good however it really fu**** me off because it was easy to agro the nether it was easy to get killed and was just weird, this is where people get mad because they cant do it and rage quit make a bad review of the game getting it a bad review and BS status.... on playing this for quite a while single player and co-op, you begin to understand how it works and this also leads to you having FUN YES FUN!!!, you can loot loot loot and loot, you can PvP PvE, do quests / missions, team and kill BIG bosses that are solid!! you can do stealthy recovery mission like the SafeZone Recovery it is a MMO RPG APOCALYPTIC GAME THAT IS HARD but needs that little time to get into. dont hate on the game,  just buy it in the sale £3 ffs! and give it an actual go not COD FPS rage quit because you cant do it... if you are impatient then get someone who can play it via Google / Steam or Message someone like me and get them to show you how to play it, 3 of my friends bought it hated it and wouldnt play it, i made them play it with me after i gave it a good go and showed what to actually do and they love it and play it all the time, true story so yeha give it ago xD hahaha. 9/10"
76561198113156057,Not Recommended,247730,7948016,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,HyperTrophy,"If you dont like WarZ, do not buy this game.  It is 99% just PvP deathmatch die and respawn to die again.  Players Safezone camp and Kill everything on Sight just because.  There is not enough loot on most of the map, and too much in small areas.  Players go on ""loot"" runs and just farm up the loot (which always respawns in the exact same spot) to sell.The Nethers get boring fast, there are only 3-4 different ones and they ALL teleport which i think is just lazy pathing by the devs, instead of having to make nethers run around objects like fences and cars, they just teleport everywhere and through walls, feels like a short cut instead of a cool feature.Bottom line is, the game emphasises PvP waay too much, the community are not very nice and tend to troll/abuse you after they have killed you, Hackers are in the game as well.Survival Genre while awsome, just isnt working at the moment..."
76561198118437725,Recommended,247730,10735346,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,jbrum,this sucks b@lls
,Not Recommended,247730,21145079,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,{yellow}[gsk]crossfire ๑ﭥ,"this version of nether was rolled back to the version back in June 2014 after phosphor games took over after the old company who kinda ruined the game purefps, abandoned itthis current nether is still has bugs and game breaking glitches and is in un-optimised state so it might be laggy and stuff.losing hope in this game. no big updates. :( my last review was positive which was a month ago"
76561198122839652,Not Recommended,247730,21432317,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,bob,I got banned because a kid duped a bunch of guns and gave some to me. #freeya♥♥♥♥♥bob <3 :steamsalty: Kappa FailFish ( I am a dirty cheater on a lot of other games tho)
,Not Recommended,247730,21305613,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Jake,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥""Nether"" nerver buy it"
,Not Recommended,247730,21783818,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,V̵̝̎e̷̯͋l̷̦̓t̷̡̅o̵x,I don't know but I think it sucks gj for wasting my money :D
76561198091435276,Not Recommended,247730,10440854,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Klares Nein.,"First of all, I like the idea of zombie/nether/cull/whatever survival in a quarter-persistent world. The setting is nice, and strafing around the city block is quite fun.Combat itself is arcardy, just like counterstrike, and the main gameplay feels so too.You walk around, gather stuff to survive, and try to stay away from other humans. Or at least, you'd like to, because storage and trading is only available in safezones, which forces you through a killzone of camping Clantagwearers.This at least ruins the game for me, because it forces non-organized players to serve as a target for someones kids.The game itself doesnt promote any cooperative gameplay, it rather punishes being nice, which leads back to the counterstrike analogy: its a deathmatch with some zeds."
,Not Recommended,247730,21349272,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,🌙TØMATØ,"Forgot to write a review saying how trash this game is, my bad."
,Not Recommended,247730,21357315,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,5th dimensional real nigga,"The game has potential, it really does!!!The problem I have is... Its just not fun... I love the running animations, and I love the graphics, although the game is not worth it. The game has too many bugs and its simply way too hard.I suggest trying to re-re make the game with an (Even lower) graphics setting (my friend couldnt play it)  and making it easier,  and better.(add some type of parkour, and make guns easier to find, buy, and trade."
,Not Recommended,247730,21362220,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,SaibaX <Earth Dimension C-137>,"So far not terrible but not good either. Cash shop give some benifites that could break the balance.The random events are a nice touch. every so often you have to regain your outpost from the Nether. Then there are the elimination missions and courier missions. Overall the events don't feel too out of place or phoned in.Graphics are, mediocre. It's what you would expect from an indie dev. Medium resolution textures and meshes but the environment is so dark you don't tend to notice right away.The sound is decent enough granted I havent really focussed in on it. I've never been PKed so I really cant say anything about the sound and the quality of the positional audio.To sum a very short review up...4/10 I can't recommend this in it's current state."
,Not Recommended,247730,21578066,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,TheFriendlyFurry,"This game is terable for windows 10. Also, it's not fun..."
,Recommended,247730,22087343,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Wut the fuk?,"The game is not that bad as people represent it as bad. As for the devs, please keep maintaining the game, try to open few more servers and try to maybe add more stuff to the game.LACK OF LOOT makes me don't want to play, neither livestream it.. but I'll keep doing it to see if you're going to change anything."
,Recommended,247730,10787391,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Friguy49,Nether its cool
,Not Recommended,247730,16409233,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,MapSimulatorEnthusiast,"Nothing fun ever materializes out of this game.Good concept? I mean, perhaps, considering there's a million other DayZ clones out there better than this.But definitely nothing out of the special."
76561198066976521,Not Recommended,247730,8638595,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Kuzmacro,This game sucks...
76561198078464215,Recommended,247730,11406971,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,pal1d1nl1ght,"I really like this game... Its fun with friends and has a lot of stuff i like, like stealth and stuff."
,Not Recommended,247730,10797405,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Spannky,"omg...this game sux...so badly....befor getting started to play you must wait loading servers like 5-10 min. even after starting, can't realy play this she*t.anyway the advertising was good, thats why i have purchased this game, but sadly dissappointed after tested it twice...not the money worth, even so cheap.."
,Recommended,247730,10369098,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,MappaCrappa,"This game is awesome even though this game is in Alpha and needs a bit of tweaking (still really fun to play) I can garantie you will enjoy it, especially when playing with friends. I can imagine that the end product will be amazing!"
01000001010100100,Recommended,247730,8463518,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,CMXXVII,"Buy it only if you wish to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by a bear in the middle of a parking lot after you buy groceries.or don't, your choice."
76561197985376747,Not Recommended,247730,14363834,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Gram Master Dab,How do i get a ♥♥♥♥ing return on this POS?How did you guys ♥♥♥♥ this game up so ♥♥♥♥ing bad?NOW PVE?!?guys seriously are you even paying attention to ANYTHING that is being developed right now?You had it all. The skeleton of a great game it just needed a few things.WE TOLD YOU WHAT WE WANTED!And you went a ♥♥♥♥ed it all.Ferguson had more positive outcomes than this game.
,Not Recommended,247730,21226710,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,MintyPaws,dont touch it
,Not Recommended,247730,21242849,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,”-CoCo(☠)NuT-”,this game is a bad joke!
76561197973645321,Not Recommended,247730,21243366,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Supreme Hentai Spinner,Doesnt work the launcher is the worst thing since ride to hell retrobution
76561198044289258,Recommended,247730,8290008,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Hochmeister Anson,"Its good kill you try and get revenge on person, then get killed by him 5 times over becuase you only have a knife."
76561198096557647,Recommended,247730,8173646,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,[2nd] King Of The North,by god a heart pounding expirence must play worth money
76562198009681869,Recommended,247730,13609274,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,βõä ҢẫŊ€םςҜ,nice game and low price.
76561197970749843,Not Recommended,247730,10375464,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Anuenue Mahina,"Don't recommend this game yet if you are a southpaw like me (left handed). Key bindings are not left friendly, won't allow access to any of the right special keys - alt, ctrl, shift. I mouse with left hand, keyboard with right, use the right side of the keyboard. Being forced to use the left side of the keyboard is a show  stopper for me, in earlier builds you could edit the config files and add the right side keys but no more.Now I'm just waiting for a fix as I am unable to play this game. It's sad because it has a ton of potential."
76561197970891089,Not Recommended,247730,18138503,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,trumble,"This is nearly completely broken. I got it as part of a humble bundle ages ago, but it's not worth installing, and only a few people play."
,Recommended,247730,10413006,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,An ordinary Japanese bush,"It is very fun and exiting, but there are three things you must know when buying this:1: Your average laptop cant handle this without turning down veiw distance and graphics down.(This gives other players a huge advantage.2: There is no armour system in he game. So dont spend money on things becuase they are all look.3: You will die."
76561198079498047,Not Recommended,247730,14392110,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,bJAKEd,Play attempt 1: Would not startPlay attempt 2: CrashedPlay attempt 3: Asked for loginPlay attempt 4: Would not startPlay attempt 5: Took way to long so I exitedQuestions: What does the game look like?
,Not Recommended,247730,23624321,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Kinda Serious George,"its only $5 buts its so bad, knida annoying to play without friends basically dayz with demons"
76561198119128760,Not Recommended,247730,28316415,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Warthian,Worst game I have ever played
76561198078562024,Not Recommended,247730,13346959,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Yorkshire Didz,complete garbage
,Recommended,247730,10836147,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Jemobulas,♥♥♥♥ yeah I do! I recommend this game to every single 1st person player out there who likes to immerse himself into a good instantly-grabbing atmosphere of a game which already gives a lot & promises so much more! Go Phosphor Games GO!
76561198125454879,Not Recommended,247730,15861650,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Kinsie,im having some trouble... cannot log in or make new account!!
,Recommended,247730,15013708,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Phantom Thief Dante,"I dont know what to recommend for this game, but I have seen it played and it was really cool. But when I try to play I get a ""Status: Failed. Steam client must be running if you bought Nether from Steam and have not linked your Mber account."" While my steam was opened, same with the game. Does anyone know what went wrong?"
76561198073816232,Recommended,247730,14543040,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Hot Arie,gr8 b8 m8 i r8 8/8
,Recommended,247730,16677300,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,L1vingNightmar3,This games is fun if you play in a group like I do for you tube... not too many nether not too little... well ballanced... cheap and not greedy... you can get alot with the small amount of $ you buy in it...4 of 20will nether again.
,Not Recommended,247730,16652448,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,BlackWolf,Okay i bought this game and once it downloaded i played it and instinly it doesn't work i made a account i pressed save on that account and then i typed that in to the loading screen then it asked me if i want to sync it and so i did (you have to if you bought it on steam) then it goes to sync and nothing happens... This is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and a complete waste of time dont waste your money on this
,Not Recommended,247730,16933365,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,meLTY,this game sucks. dont buy it.
,Not Recommended,247730,16715498,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Beefwan,To many hackers
,Not Recommended,247730,14601573,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Lymbo,every time i try to sighn in it say its not connected to my steam
76561198111754521,Recommended,247730,25876011,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,stevo3338,"This game is great fun. PvP was great, PvE was great, the only problem is it takes quite a while to get around and do stuff. The time investment can sometimes make it hard to play. Overall it is really fun. Atmosphere keeps you tense all the time and playing with freinds is awesome. Also the hanglider is awesome and very original!Story: Safed up money on a server and bought a hanglider. I then proceed to find a tall building with freind so I can test it. He waits at the bottom and I shout ""LOOK OUT BELOW!!!"" ...I hear air whistling past me then... *Splat* I land right next to him."
,Not Recommended,247730,28222752,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Cian8900,Scam
,Not Recommended,247730,24717803,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,GummyDaddy,♥♥♥♥♥off
76561198069542977,Recommended,247730,26545269,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Apple Cedar,It was fun until I dropped my gun and the game told me it weighed 235lbs when I tried to pick it back up.
,Not Recommended,247730,28208813,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Auntie Sotaar,Fastest way to waste money before No Man's Sky was a thing.
,Not Recommended,247730,29756854,Posted: 6 February,all,ɹɯɐƃǝƃɐɹ,"Pros:Some good gameplay mechanics; markets, gangs, good fun with a mate or twoMonsters sound, look and act scary (theres something creepy about those rooftop watchers)Cons:Tough against new players (But I'm probably just bad)Looks absolutely garbage, colours mash and dark colours everywhere makes me hurt, and models are really wierdCant even run well on full specs on a high end pc (R9 390, full settings @1080p = 15-20fps)So many reused assets it feels like one section of the map was copied and pasted all over the map with a few changesBuildings are empty, and therefore boring. Just feels like a box rather than a building"
,Not Recommended,247730,28304341,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,OnlineSometimes,was an amazing game the first 2 months it was out then hackerz took over and game has dratically gone down hill since. DONT BUY THIS GAME NOW. IT WILL GIVE YOU CANCER
,Not Recommended,247730,26514523,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Jarmenkell,People like this ruin the kickstarter idea. money don't last forever. you ll die eventually and all thats left is your legacy. and♥♥♥♥♥♥as it is.
,Not Recommended,247730,26480573,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,NicKy,this is one of the worst games i ever played i prefer miscreated more then this no offense but this game is not worth your money
,Not Recommended,247730,28216819,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Bookshelf,"SUCH A♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME, WASTED MY MONEY ♥♥♥♥ YOU♥♥♥♥♥♥ASS DEVS"
76561198122852624,Recommended,247730,25663442,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,im dyslexis,This game has so much potential. Even Erin Height thinks so.
,Not Recommended,247730,21842604,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Juicero,"I have a decent 3.6hgz intel processor and gtx 970 on me, and this game manages to still get 20 fps on the lowest settings.At least if the graphics were good, but no. Its terribly coded, and i cannot reccomend it right now."
76561198080187315,Not Recommended,247730,21738841,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,NsK - ChAOTiC,101% ♥♥♥♥ this game
76561197993672009,Recommended,247730,21356206,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Arebee,The developers really know what they're doing with this game. By adding no content over such a long period of time they've really successfully lowered the player base. Gives the game a really good post apocalyptic feel. I can't commend them more for the great job they've done
,Recommended,247730,10825859,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ArtCore,"Honestly, I don't see what the big fuss is about. Yes the game is a bit confusing, yes the AI is hard but if you stick to it a bit, it grows on you and it's not NEARLY as bad as people say. Yes you lose all your levels on dying but they don't see how easy level is, it's not rare to get 2-3 levels in a turn in. Hell I saw people do nearly 20 levels in a few minutes. And the tribes help a bit not to get shot by everyone on sites. There are territories to control. No seriously, all the previous people are just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who enjoys easy game."
76561198087475407,Recommended,247730,13766621,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Doctor Dan,"Nether gets way more hate than it should. It's a well thought out and successfully created game. Sure it has its problems. Crashes, hackers, glitches, but damn near every game does. You just have to deal with it. Play alone and this game can be terrifying and exciting. Gather some friends and move as a death squad through the city. A great game that will continue to take up my hours."
76561198065106677,Recommended,247730,8789351,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Sugarmama1234,"If your into fallout but also like a fast paced fps game than thi game is for u. this game has a somewhat concept of dayz but much more simple controls with the inventory and movement. gameplay is something new and fresh giving a differrent subject to fps mmo's and enhancing its gameplay. the setting of the game is something i havent seen very much besides fallout. and for tose of you wishing fallout was multiplayer this is basically that but could use some more story variety. In conclusion this game is very new and fresh and since its is beta it may be able to become even more enhcened and give a new name to survival, mmo's and the fps genre"
,Recommended,247730,7585896,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,scatward shitstains,"Great game, too! Its a change from the usual zombie scene and I swear, its hard and gritty as ♥♥♥♥. Ive been crawling around with sweaty hands around a skyscraper when I suddenly alarmed some nether, and in mere seconds I have a army of them on me and got mauled. This game is a great game, but in my opinion, this is one of the games youd rather play at weekends, or days where you have no school / work to do in and have the whole day and night to play, because as epic as it is, its time consuming as ♥♥♥♥. Takes alot of time to gear up enough to be able to take on 1-2 nethers, and the usual scene has about 30 of them on you xD. Overall, 9/10, because its still in beta we shouldnt forget."
76561198166501952,Recommended,247730,13716819,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,CS GO PRO,it won't work it won't let me make a accota
,Recommended,247730,13787632,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,kev-,game is very laggy i do recomend it to people who like to get loot and kill people
,Recommended,247730,13717057,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,KiiNG™,"The game is ok but needs some fixes and you will need a PC that can run well on a game for example Crysis 3, otherwise its a lagfest."
76561198082168080,Not Recommended,247730,24014894,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,RankoYS,"Damn... this used to be such an enjoyable game with so much potential.I installed it again after a very long time to check it out, see if anything has changed and oh boy was I suprised.Seems like developers just kept going the♥♥♥♥♥♥path they took that lost them more then half of their playerbase.Now it looks like some free to play pay to win game. They even ruined the looting system and tried replacing it with some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t pay too win model. You literally buy keys with real money and open ""special"" chests around the map to get good loot. WTF?!Such a shame... so much potential just thrown away.♥♥♥♥ you developers, ♥♥♥♥ you!"
76561198101058508,Not Recommended,247730,13256578,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Priestman,"After a series of deaths (killed by players all the ****ing time) I somehow got to the safezone.When I had enough of asking players for a group, I decided to go out.After going out and walking a few meters away from the safezone entrance, I noticed another player following me outside.I thought this guy read my requests for a group, so he might wanna group up.I asked him, if he wanted to group up with me.Instead of answering, he pulled out a handgun.Then the safe timer hit 0.He started shooting me, I started running away.I was close to the safezone entrance, when he switched his small gun for a machine gun.That stupid coward blasted a whole ****ing magazine on me, not to mention that I was unarmed and not a threat at all to absolutely anyone.Just dead once more."
,Recommended,247730,7669926,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,sykoste,"Greatest MMO, Post-Apocalyptic Survival game  Bar None..."
,Recommended,247730,7541681,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,[Chooty] GentooXativa,"Really nice game, need some improvements, but is awesome!!!"
76561198044515210,Not Recommended,247730,10723814,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,perqr,"yea... so small problem... i cant open the game... it refuses to ""connect stam and mber""edit #1 After two days of getting support from them, they linked the accounts for me- but the steam version of the game wont work because ""steam is closing"" or something-im trying to download their version now..."
76561198017157066,Not Recommended,247730,31231569,Posted: 18 April,all,W4S73D,"why is this scam of a ""game"" still on Steam?"
,Not Recommended,247730,31163216,Posted: 15 April,all,SpudButter,"Just awful, it's like DayZ had a demon baby"
,Not Recommended,247730,31193540,Posted: 16 April,all,Baitisback,this game needs to be reworked sorry to say i like the game when it came out but now its just a pain now
,Not Recommended,247730,31231976,Posted: 18 April,all,BigGuyHuh,It didn't work the first time I played it.
76561198033966793,Not Recommended,247730,17494755,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Ben™,t6his is thw worts game ever how di delet a game
,Recommended,247730,10378401,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Dysentery,overpriced garbage for trendy hipsters
,Recommended,247730,10215927,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,the pedofile slayer,really fun    (untill you die)
,Not Recommended,247730,12919774,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Demonic Howitzer,Abandoned Garbage - f These devs.
76561198082987841,Not Recommended,247730,10709643,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Chocolate Reign,It's too rpg focused for how easy it is to lose your only life. Did I mention that you have one life? Die and all that experience is damn pixie dust.
,Recommended,247730,8248873,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Ratsalad,Gewd game pretty hard to find decent loot though.
,Not Recommended,247730,13302933,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,n9nedone,Do NOT buy this game. It is down right terrible...
,Not Recommended,247730,25458157,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,FizzY,NO
76561197963624644,Recommended,247730,31354622,Posted: 25 April,all,♛,get the new one
,Recommended,247730,22229050,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Tivion,I would recomend playing with friends or it can become boring
,Not Recommended,247730,22217763,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,D4RKenergi,asd
76561198043335419,Not Recommended,247730,16371401,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Mrtman007,"Just... no...  this game has it all P2W, Hackers, aweful map, but worst of all is how blatent of a early access money grab this is.  Devs promised so much and gave so little."
,Recommended,247730,9375676,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Bob,THIS GAME SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!! RIP OFF!
,Not Recommended,247730,10734720,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Cheeki Breeki Iv Damke,"0/10This game is so♥♥♥♥♥♥that I can't even play it! For some reason everytime I join a server, I'm stuck in spectator. Waste of $3.00."
,Recommended,247730,9931721,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,iSnipe,"This game, regardless of hackers and the often-encountered player killer, is a really good game. The map is semi large, with loot scattered throughout. There is a good system that stops server-hopping item farmers. The in game experience is dramatic and evil. There are some annoying bugs, such as the teleporting NPC's which alot of the time just pop up and hit you with very slight chance of defense. It is hard for any beginning player to keep his health at an adequate level thanks to lack of healing supplies. And of course- you have campers and hackers. But the experience is enjoyable. 6/10 with room for improvement but still a good game."
,Recommended,247730,8634598,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,iDeeJaay,i loved this game ...with all the glitches that people are talking about but it still way better than all the other game in my opinion
,Not Recommended,247730,10774639,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,matt,this game sucks all it does is crash when you pick a server still havent played the real game yet just the crashing server menu
76561197993363721,Not Recommended,247730,14341201,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Omega,"Yeah !!!!! Fixes !Fixes! Fixes, yeah and updates yeah, awesome and.......when fix CHEATIIIIIINNNNG ??? FU**I like this game but it's unplayable.....100mph run.......wallhack.....aimbot.....bag cheat60hrs in game and now ......I'm going to drop my screen through the window...TO-TA-LLY unplayable, DON'T BUY IT (or maybe if you want to try/use cheats without any retaliation, this game is for you)How to play ? By use cheats myself ? I think its the ONLY WAY for some players who wants to play...not for me !!!I bought the chosen edition......ouch i'm hurtThe game health is not very good, when i see the total of players/server.......just the truthMaybe i'm going back if PVE servers opens, like loooots of people (forum, coms......have a look)No and never PVE ?.......Bye Nether and my IG Money (useless, just use cheat......its free)"
,Not Recommended,247730,10734641,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Dclyde,"I want to recomend this game, I really do, but the devlopers need to get there  ♥♥♥♥ together and actualy listen to the community. This game really should still be an early access game still."
,Not Recommended,247730,15497723,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Skeet,Cant even make a account...
,Not Recommended,247730,10731763,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Ugg?,"Thinking about getting nether? Don't even bother, I had to reinstall twice to just enter the server screen. Once I logged in what do I get? Lag, massive amounts of lag that for no reason lock up my entire screen. When I finally connect? I get a spectator mode, the only fix is to wait it out for 5 to 10 minutes. Is this another Warz? Because it might as well be. What a flaming piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I didn't even go into this game with any hype (I bought it because its the price of a ♥♥♥♥in' candy bar) but jesus christ what did these people do with this game? Just another typical money grab, time to move onto the next game."
76561198093806198,Recommended,247730,8592731,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Factory New Titty Sprinkles,"Lots of fun so farAs of today 7/30/14 the game still has a handful of players. Some days I get on and there is about 12 people in the server, some days there are 2. To be honest I still perfer this game over the dayZ standalone even though the devs stopped working on it. The only problem is the spectator bug. I go into spectator mode on all the servers except one so I guess I'll stick to that one lol. Would still recommend if you have a little bit of extra money and are looking for a pvp survival game."
,Recommended,247730,8262795,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,SnowbiWan,"This game is only in Aplha, or Pre Alpha (whatever) and im LOVING IT! i had the sync error and after a few hours, i resolved the prob and got into it! So much fun, Especially with a friend! Although, some parts of the map are slightly glitchy when lying down/ crouching its amazing! (Aplha rating - 9/10)"
76561198005090958,Not Recommended,247730,10383971,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,hazza59,"NOBODY BUY THIS GAME! I bought it months and months ago, and I haven't been able to open it once. Complete waste of money. How can they release a game so broken that paying customers can't open the game for almost a year?! Don't buy this game, useless."
76561198027081388,Not Recommended,247730,10732559,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,AK47,"please fix this game, and BTW if this is fixed then do not purchase"
76561198067510922,Recommended,247730,10381841,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,karrenn,be pacient :P its a good game
76561198077425443,Recommended,247730,25381430,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,ShrekWazowski,10/10 slayed reaper
,Not Recommended,247730,32446479,Posted: 15 June,all,Camper,really really bad game
,Not Recommended,247730,17225440,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Mem.Mori,"God it's horrible.  At first I was misled by their big ideas and statements of ""oh it's just alpha.""  I'm now sure they meant ""oh it's just alpha quality"" because this game has not gotten better and still looks like a 2005 apocalyptic shooter."
76561198231813468,Recommended,247730,30912275,Posted: 2 April,all,DEATH22626,"This game is amazing, i hate that it doesn't get the attention it deserves. It's not perfect, it needs more updates from the developers. That doesn't change that this game is super fun especially with friends and very addictive. It's different from other survival games, the environment is amazing and the enemies are cool and it's just a crap load of fun."
76561198062137403,Recommended,247730,11053623,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Czech,AMAZING
76561198012344591,Recommended,247730,11053455,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Alienrups,If you get to the 120 min marker in game i have great respect for youTipsbuff stamina always to maxGreat game
,Not Recommended,247730,11050974,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,ZaQ,I am Nether gonna play this again
76561198098722788,Not Recommended,247730,32780109,Posted: 25 June,all,James_BMTH,TAKE THIS OFF THE STORE!!!It's not worth it at all and it's a dead gameremove it. please
,Not Recommended,247730,32603550,Posted: 20 June,all,Terry A Davis,Looked Promising but 3 years later this game is about as dead and forgotten as your great aunt
76561198074160867,Recommended,247730,8827026,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,ryels1983,despite all of the problems i do like this game and hope the best for it.money well spent.
76561198005507174,Not Recommended,247730,15781595,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,reyvakys,"I can't play this **** cuz you have to creat an account and it doesn't work. The games servers are suspect, IE block it and I want my money refunded!!!"
,Not Recommended,247730,15770071,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,General Waste,"I'm not sure, i heard bad about this game but on utube it looks alright but i cant seem to play it I tried making an account but it just said 'creating account' for hours and I couldn't be bothered waiting any longer sooooo"
,Recommended,247730,10521448,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Elkane - SFM Art,"THIS GAME KEEPS ON SAYING ""login failed"" HOW THE ♥♥♥♥ DO I ACTULLY GET TO PLAY?!?!?!?!?!?!"
76561198116370672,Recommended,247730,10548238,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,zombiekiller2099,really fun game
76561197995030385,Not Recommended,247730,10518642,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Middi,Don't work don't get a refund this game is poo poo
,Recommended,247730,10697386,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Richard Zane,"Like DayZ, without the extreme amounts of trauma from dying. 12/10"
,Recommended,247730,10699818,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Asterzine,"This is an absolutely wonderful game. It will let you believe that you are on top of the world and then tear you back down with ever-increasingly dangerous foes. The world and other players are all against you, and sometimes it can be a bit frustrating. Make use of global inventory as much as you can, as it saves between deaths. Also, trust nobody. Every player out there is looking for a noob with a lucky find to make their life that much easier. 9/10."
,Recommended,247730,10523333,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,sync54,this game is fun
,Recommended,247730,8236430,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Arcaeic,"While the game looks very interesting, it's very problematic at the moment. Many people are having problems getting through the launcher, and even then the server browser.If you're interested in this game I would hold off purchasing until some of the gamebreaking bugs are fixed. The launcher is absolutely unusable to me right now, rendering the game unplayable.Website:https://www.playnether.com/Forum:https://forums.playnether.com/forum.php"
,Not Recommended,247730,16294585,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Blyatmagic,I regret buying this game. Hacker infested garbage title which should be banned from steam.
,Recommended,247730,20619964,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Mystery`,well now i can launch my game up
76561198078804113,Not Recommended,247730,10543461,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Crook,"Everything bad about Rust, none of the good."
76561198116786246,Not Recommended,247730,29450764,Posted: 23 January,all,Poxey the Burgertarian,game was amazing at the stat but then they added a few new tweaks then just started dying was great at first so much potential but just died dont buy this game :( bought it when it was 60$
,Not Recommended,247730,29796203,Posted: 8 February,all,Gayboy,i paid 20. i wish i hadnt.
,Not Recommended,247730,28534930,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,nobody,just no
,Not Recommended,247730,28568560,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,✪ Sniffing-Glue☠,"To be honest i brought this game because it looked good, like look at the pictures of the game they look amazing and the description sounded awesome to, but after playing the game i found out that  it was pretty rubbish, like it was so dead and there was hardly any loot to scavenge for, whats the point if theres hardly anything to find or do? atleast up the graphics because there rubbish aswell and put loads more stuff in, instead of ruined buyildings completly empty and the od loot container which houses nothing but rubbish.wouldnt mind i brought the dlc aswell because it looked so good and it gave me nothing still started with the same default build with nothing extra atall...then on top of that, everything i got and worked hard for was completly wiped clean, now im level 1 with nothing wtf?? i had loads of everything...waste of money and a waste of my time,."
76561198080285993,Not Recommended,247730,28617761,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Kappatalism,"Was a good game a while back. Then they handed the game over to another company that made it pay to play and ruined it even more when the original game devs picked it back up. It was an attempt to salvage a game and they were on the right path until they completely went off track once again.The original game was entertaining, addictive, and enjoyable. It still had bugs and some of the weapons were imbalanced but the heart of the game was where it should be. PvE was a major priority when you first start but PvP eventually becomes the objective once you get a couple of weapons. It was the most fun when random people on a PvP got together and played it PvE.Don't buy this game now, there's literally no reason. It's nothing like what it was. The community is dead because the game has been trashed twice over now. Goodbye Nether, you were good times."
,Recommended,247730,13539955,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Abdullah,Picked this game back up after a horrible early access.Ifinitely a better game now.
,Not Recommended,247730,10723907,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Anterk,"Nether dosen't look like much, yet I encountered significant lag and stuttering during gameplay, and the initial server browser that serves as the game's main menu consistently freezes for almost five minutes for no apparent reason. So, anytime I want to  play or quit the game, I have to wait an extra five minutes for the stupid browser to finish whatever it's doing.The game itself isn't worth this much trouble. There is nothing in the game world but players, traders, and monsters. Nothing about it feels alive. The monsters themselves are standard MMO stupid, walking back and forth endlessly as they await the next player to come along. Most monsters will teleport as soon as they see you, and will then reappear somewhere aroudn you. Initially it seemed then that it was impossible to not be hit at least once by every monster, but in practice it's possible to avoid damage so long as you keep your eyes and ears open. It's still annoying, though, and bigger monsters that don't teleport will happily come out of nowhere to assist thier smaller allies.Problems arise whenever you try to get past a large group of enemies or even engage in combat. There is a stealth system, but it's not reliable, as the range of sight for the monsters seems to vary. In combat, lag can lead you clicking the mouse and seeing no response as a monster slowly chips down your health. This is a big problem, as you will loose everything on death. Guns make things slightly easier, as there seems to be no way to miss an enemy so long as you aim in the right direction. However, gunshots attract all nearby enemies, severly reducing the value of most guns.On top of it all, there are the other players. It's possible to avoid others on servers with 20 players or less, and it's totally valid to play on your own. However, when deaths do happen at the hands of other players, they can be far more frustrating than any monster encounter. My first death came at the hands of a player with a rifle; I had only just seen him when shots rang out. Bang, game over. So, on top of the lag and everything else, there are player hunters with weapons that can kill you in a mere few hits.It would be easy to dismiss all of this, if there weren't a leveling system. It would be all too easy to get to level 11 or 12, then get killed and have to start all over agian. Over and over agian. And that, on top of the lag and possibility of near instant death, make this no fun."
,Not Recommended,247730,12364735,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Leafy Greens,"Unable to even start the game. I try to create an account, and the login info that I just created is rejected. Really wish I could get a refund."
,Not Recommended,247730,33590917,Posted: 16 July,all,The Red Ghost,sneeze.
76561198097161212,Recommended,247730,7922670,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,BloodStorm,really soild point to what they want to do and i cant wait for the full map to be relesed
76561198065957590,Recommended,247730,10697504,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Bicoma,Game is really addicting and fun to play survival is awsome and if you die you lose all your stuff so it makes it that much more intense!!!
,Recommended,247730,10703853,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,skabbs,"OK Here it is. Like others have said, if want to join a tribe and run in a group, this game is for you!If you don't want to, DONT GET IT !!! You will hate it. I Love it as much as I Hate it !!Sound stupid?Well it is, but When I'm playing by my self, Its Scary as can be !! You do not know what the heckis going to be around each and every corner !!!!!     Its REAL FEAR !!      Its Not predictable !!At All !!I LOVE IT! AND HATE IT! Not to mention, you lose your  STUFFF !If they had SERVERS with missions where you go and  search for missing women and children,AI of course, and escort them to safty?  And level up that way!! They would have lots of better reviewsfor this game !! And more people buying it."
,Recommended,247730,10695959,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Daddy,game..... god.....
76561198050756516,Recommended,247730,10517816,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,"Koala ""Bear""","Great game, but i think its being over shadowed by games like rust and DayZ all together good interface, and monster pathing is actually works."
76561198076091204,Recommended,247730,10552035,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,XDJoeJokerXD,how do i unlink a nether acount from my steam i have forgotten the details and need to create a new one.
76561197987845893,Recommended,247730,10700554,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Fraener,"This is a very nice game, still undergoing development, so there is bugs and glitches as well. Driving a vehicle is only for the brave, as it will pull a lot of attention and rough edges as well as poorly implemented cars (so far) will make the car dance around the map"
76561198068036324,Recommended,247730,10700818,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,MrTiddyWinkle,"Great game, needs to fix a couple of bugs but has potential"
,Recommended,247730,10687317,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,KOS_Acka,I have watched enough hentai to know were this is going.
,Recommended,247730,10550184,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Ben_Dover,Da♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,247730,10693329,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Dralus,"it's like a downgraded version of Day-Z where there are less options but the zombies are scary as ♥♥♥♥ and they can teleport to you.Basically, the monsters in this game are arguably just as big of a problem as the players.It's still kinda fun."
,Not Recommended,247730,28850964,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Jesika,"So I got this game way back when it first came out. Back then I absolutely loved  it! The Devs where working on the game, there were plenty of people online, and I made a lot of friends. Then there started to be a hacker problem. At first it wasn't too bad since my friends and I had racked up over 100 hours on the game and they weren't too hard to kill. But then the hackers really took over. You would try to  report them but the Devs didn't do much of anything to fix the problem. Then the game died for about a year. Then all of a sudden they picked the game back up (resurrected). Complete garbage. None of the problems were fixed. I honestly miss this game and it was great in the beggining, but now it can hardly be called a game."
76561198032974582,Not Recommended,247730,29408585,Posted: 21 January,all,ntab22,Well.... I really haven't a nice thing to say. They gave me something to waste a bit of money on I guess.
76561198028325214,Not Recommended,247730,29470671,Posted: 24 January,all,Oyo2,shut down in 2015 DO NOT BUY
76561198026774070,Not Recommended,247730,29481067,Posted: 25 January,all,Cauldron Borrn,rubbish
,Not Recommended,247730,16363651,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,PhunkieZero,"I left when the game was in an ~okay~ state, I came back and it was worse than when I left it. The game is not worth buying."
76561198271415787,Recommended,247730,30515117,Posted: 14 March,all,scottmsmith80,a fun survival game the community is really in the Us-1 server but it's a great community compared to others even though that server id pve no one tries to kill you fthe only way in pve is with grenades and also if you need something the community is usaually nice enough to help you out!
76561198047372475,Recommended,247730,9949856,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,xSammy,Very fun game sometimes scary but really fun to play this in a group
,Recommended,247730,9035354,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,One Crazy Ass Moose,"Its the Super Hexagon remake that everyone has been waiting for! Its alot more like Skyrim now, but has less sex and booze.5/5"
,Not Recommended,247730,9710470,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Blacjac,Buggy and a pay to win. Just get dayz
76561198271949510,Not Recommended,247730,24843359,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Frankie220,"Would not recommend game. Bad communities, over-powered monsters (screaming black things that attract other monsters all over the place right next to you so automatic death), CONSTANT breaches of safezones which is the only real safe places in all the map. Only good things I can say is the map is huge and there is a single player mode if you want to just play by yourself."
,Not Recommended,247730,10725699,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,kratFOZ,"Not a very good game. Servers are limited, and sometimes dont work. In-game levels are not hard to gain, but are not easy either. BUT THEY DONT MEAN ANYTHING. I was level 28 or something (at that time level cap was 30) and a level 1 guy killed me with a pistol within literally 1 second. Also, hitboxes are very bugged. This is not the final game, but even still I cannot see room fo rfurther improvement."
76561198078306736,Not Recommended,247730,10988075,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Slender,"EDIT: Well after all the time i spend in game i just got randomly got shot in a safezone lost all my stuff and for what.. this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥like everyone says, i used to like it but no thanks, ♥♥♥♥ this game and the creators, no logic in dying in a safezone ,This game has suprised me so many times, i have dayz , infestation ,Rust and State of Decay, i love post-apocalyptic games, but i prefher playing nether to dayz or any of the other games, this game is really amazing and fun ,"
,Not Recommended,247730,21644271,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Simmal,"I played Nether for a bit 2 years ago, it was rubbish.Tried now Nether: Resurrected and it feels even worse because in all this time there are no chances or improvements for me in this game. JUST DONT!"
76561198081363266,Recommended,247730,14057918,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Jakey_Fire,I love the open world aspect is amazing
,Not Recommended,247730,7572671,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Phenix,I think I paid like $35 for this game about a year ago. I went out on a limb thinking this game would be fun.It isn't. Now they're selling it for $3 on the summer sale. What a joke... You're really gonna sell it for 10x cheaper than what most of us paid? Before the game is even finished? What a slap in the face. I wish there was a way to remove this junk from my Steam library.
,Not Recommended,247730,9024447,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Lloyd Clive,"its another ♥♥♥♥♥♥, money grab, clone of dayZ. the spwan system sucks, the community are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and theres no voice chat. spend your money on DayZ instead, it might be in alpha but its much better than this."
76561198021545455,Recommended,247730,8406695,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,PVT B. Niki,better then Dayz9/10
76561198008485334,Recommended,247730,12025449,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,T3KZ-UN|T3D,Yeweaaaaaaa
76561198032317085,Recommended,247730,12094457,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,nosgill,good game but the process to link accounts is unbearable. you have to relogin over and over and it never works .support SUCKS♥♥♥♥♥ and even though i love the game i will never play it again. it is just to difficult  of a process. oh and one other thing it is a player killers dream. here is where thr Trolls reside. if you do get to play. the nether isent whats dangeros everyone in  the game they just kills each ouher for whatever little crap thay might find.
,Recommended,247730,12132666,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Qwert.exe,this game is absolutly great
76561198017180651,Recommended,247730,11518830,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Jooky,"This is a very gode game, if you like surverviel games! And i like it is a game where you can craft. when i thing on it only is a Alpha or Beta so is it very good!"
76561198030243148,Recommended,247730,11973386,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,TheDarkFume,"This game has quite a lot of potential but is lacking, the fact that you have everything against you and no where safe (when safe zone is down) makes the world almost impossible to fully get into. Recently played the game again since the Update. Got up to a level of 23, low on food/water source I went towards town and the safe zone no longer was safe, got jumped by a horde of Nether in which case eventually killed me. There is no real set goal in the game which also makes it quite boring. why play a game where you work hard to get all these items just to have them taken away from you and bring you back to level one?It gets old fast."
76561198146460686,Recommended,247730,11442498,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,stevenwaters16,WTF!!!!! fix the current download its not installing the whole program. i saw a play through and it looked great plz fix so i can play it.
,Recommended,247730,11853581,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Emo,"I bought this game in Alpha and at first i played it alot ignoring the bugs, cause you know its an alpha. updates come and go and bugs dont get fixed then all the sudden the game gets released out of no where, this game should not be out of beta let alone a full release there are many other games of this genre that are much better than this. I regret buying this game i truely do."
,Recommended,247730,11954623,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Poppa Ganja,games awesome in my opinion xD
,Recommended,247730,11962193,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,mrtattootoyou,to be honest i dont see what all the fuss is about i think this is an ok game for the price i actually enjoy this more than dayz but i could just be lucky and not ran into hackers etc id recommend this game to anyone
76561198066992763,Recommended,247730,11968606,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,sonicgottagofastcsgolive.com,thes game is so cool
76561198125379340,Recommended,247730,12099327,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,cammyriley,it doesnt let me play after buying the game?
,Recommended,247730,12134561,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,minecraft805,"hello, im just saying that i have seen game plays of this game and it looked reallllyyyy cool but, when i played it on my computer when i pressed play it just stays there and nothing happens i want to know if there is a soultion then i would love to know im not saying i dont recommended it im just saying if there some sort of way that i can try it"
,Recommended,247730,12363084,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,[Cpl] N.Cook [PTF] (Dragonborn),THIS GAME IS SICK GET IT
76561198075633117,Recommended,247730,11472097,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Xeriton,"Its ok but every now and then it will crash, then you got hackers, then you got people from your own clan killing you soooo i would say buy at your own risk6.5/10"
76561198115156132,Recommended,247730,11852638,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,CrazyJoeFro,"UUURRRRGGGHHHH I bought this months ago for £11.99 (Watcher pack) and then it was super laggy on my computer, and tok hours on end to update from the launcher.But now, while it is much cheaper and I have not actually played since it was so laggy and took hours to download, the 'Recommended' requirements are lower than my computer specs.Thanks, Phosphor.Anyway, I'm about to re-download it and pray (or prey HAHAHAHA) that it works properly now, it seems hopeful.WHAT I MEANT TO SAY WAS it seems like a good, fun game, like Day-Z but much scarier (?)"
76561198045523056,Recommended,247730,11837655,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,AlexP,Scariest mmo style horror game would play again 10/10.
,Recommended,247730,16463715,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Xykan,"I bought this on first launch, really it wasnt bad.. but i didnt like the mechanics.You quickly learn to exploit the AI, player base has fallen to tiny numbers..Several times i have deleted this game and re downloaded it to see if it got better..Don't get me wrong, currently its a cheap game, and it delivers a good thrill, but if your after a ""Rust"" like experience you will not find it here. Personally i think its better than Day Z or H1Z1, but thats just me.I'm not overly stong feeling either way, but i'll give it a thumbs up since its fairly cheap, and not a bad thrill for the price."
76561198066311983,Recommended,247730,14713851,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,AceKillaH Hellcase.com Bets.gg,Really nice game but you must update it to play in 32-bit systems :/ please
,Recommended,247730,14814425,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,HappySpleen,"I got this game just about a year ago from this review. When I got it it was just about unplayable. Lag, DC's, and once you got in the gankers were so bad you could hardly leave town. After a LONG time I started this game back up and played on a PVE server to get back into it. I have to say the game loads quicker, runs smoother, and I never had a DC.Pros-Has PVE for more casual players.-TONS of hiding spots for great PVP action-Is not pay to win-Great environment/atmosphere-Difficult but not impossible enemiesCons-Hacking can be an issue-GUI is a bit clunky-Servers are just about empty (As of the time of this review 6pm EST)This game is worth what I paid for it in my eyes so I would recommend it."
76561198066272254,Recommended,247730,11785737,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,the_clorax.exe,this is a pretty good game its got great graphics and is very similar to rust... but recently ive had this issue where i cant connect anymore because i dont have the gold uprade
,Recommended,247730,10422762,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Pencil Fox,an amazing game with great graphics and very few bugs!!
,Recommended,247730,10426748,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,twitch.tv/clayzilla2k,no
,Recommended,247730,10424324,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,prT,love it
,Not Recommended,247730,8734788,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,InertFurry,"I'm not a fan of DayZ and I was hoping this would be a smidgeon different, but it has the same issues as DayZ.  Nearly empty world (verticality isn't a big boon for it) and a lack of world interatcion (read: loot).  During the entire time I played wandered, and explored, I never found a single item."
76561198094643282,Recommended,247730,10385763,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,crazyamerican,game =♥♥♥♥♥
76561198067034914,Not Recommended,247730,15865526,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Cryght,"others will just say dont buy it, without giving a full reason..  heres the jist of this.. 1 :Hackers, 2:its basically the same as infection stories w/e itscalled now. the generic day z ripoff.  it was not even worth the 1.50 when it was on sale."
76561197971431977,Not Recommended,247730,10817508,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Topher,Don't waste your time with this POS. I want my money back.
76561198125412523,Not Recommended,247730,16973352,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Tweakin Deakin,ABANDONDED GAME.......... i bought it for $25.00..at least its worth 10.00 now..however it should be free...free ps4 and xbox 1 games are more complete then this bull♥♥♥♥ of a♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,247730,16980786,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,I collect Zippo lighters,worst thing ever you need to make an account to play and when u forget password or username you are basically ♥♥♥♥ed game is abandoned by devs many bugs just don't buy this not worth it. wish i could get a refund
76561198147929278,Not Recommended,247730,17007318,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Kaneki2022,it won't let me on any severs and there are hackers also the devs left but it is a good game!
76561198040532097,Recommended,247730,16982994,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Spiffy,"So you want me to tell you a story? A story about success and failure? Let me tell you about the early access game Nether.  Nether is a game I dream about.  I purchased this game at its peak, when you had to hope a server had a few slots open for you and your friends.  This game was a masterpiece.  I got this game when it was in the trio of rival survival games, DayZ, Rust, and Nether.  I spent HOURS of research on all 3 trying to find which game would suit my primative survival needs.  I had just enough money for this game and Rust so I promptly purchased and installed both.  Nether was the biggest pain to install, causing me to download and make another account for their own launcher ect.  It was quite the pain overall.  I go to run the game and of course it requires a 64 bit system which I didnt have.  Fast forward a few days (I wanted to play this that badly).Finally get to playing it and I have NO clue what i'm doing.  Now they have a tutorial but of course back then it was a ""learn as you go"" system.  I LOVED THIS GAME.  This game was the best looking survival game on the market and my god I loved the way it ran.  Everything looked so smooth and polished for a survival game, and they where still updating it!  I was hooked.  I craved those clutch situations of pvp battles.  Was I any good at them? Nope.  But I still found it fun.  I stopped playing this game for a few months and came back when they added a tutorial and it was more friendly for some friends to join me.  The game was fun.  I still found it entertaining.  Was it perfect? No.  Not even close.  But we still had a hell of a time playing it.Now let me tell you why I still dont play this game.  First off the Developers abandoned it.  NOW SERIOUSLY HATE IT WHEN THIS HAPPENS.  DEVELOPERS I HOPE YOU READ THIS BECAUSE IM GOING TO TELL YOU HOW TO SAVE THIS GAME.  The developers out of nowhere said oh yeah remember that Nether game? We're handing it off to another studio Called Nether Productions.  This was there first mistake.  Second mistake was totally throwing the game out the window when they did this.  They stopped developing  or even trying to make it look like they still worked on the game.  Yeah they gave the community PvE servers basically where you can go to find people that dont hack the game but other then that nothing.Now don't get me wrong this game is still fun, but PLEASE DEVELOPERS READ THIS.  All they need to do to save their game, is give community support.  Believe me the community for this game is still very strong!  All they need to do to keep it going is let the community take over the game.  If you game us the ability to create private or public servers and give the community the ability to make structures, produce new weapons, maybe even create new nether!?  The game runs on the unreal engine which to my knowledge is an open source software (correct me if i'm wrong).  It would be like handing off a project.  Give it to the community and the game will be remade.  There will be a blossom in creativity as the game becomes A THING AGAIN.  LET THE GAME BREATHE.With that rant of hope aside I am recommending this game only because I had fun with it.  Enough fun for me to consider this game a purchase even if it was still a $25 dollar game.  Now that it's ten dollars I think that people can still enjoy it.  The game is a successful mmorpg with a working cash shop to the point where it isnt a pay to win game, just a pay to improve (; This game has great graphics, still a partial community, and when played with friends, is still a great time.  If the developers respond to this I would be MORE then thrilled and if anyone that has had any contact with the developers read this please comment or send me a message.  Thanks for Reading!"
,Recommended,247730,16080273,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,✪ GRANDØMX,nice game
,Recommended,247730,16067529,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,linux,all i can say is insta boner
76561198111860069,Recommended,247730,16091922,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,WhiteBoiiLuke,"Game is good, as long as you play PVE, but if you're a KOS kinda person play PVP, while the game hasn't been updated I enjoy running around getting supplies and killing Nether's. Game overall would be 6.5/10. *Only get if you are into exploring and fighting with your friends.*"
76561198059545326,Recommended,247730,16065332,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Von Wicked,This game is fun and enjoyable to play. the gameplay is different every time you join because of the new players. i recommend this games to any free roam gamers.
,Recommended,247730,17832821,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,happycarrot50,"One of the many DayZ likes that were made at the height of it's popularity.The twist is better engine, aliens instead of zombies, smaller more manageable world and easier to play with firends.9/15 - ""Good DayZ sytle survival game"""
76561198058711316,Recommended,247730,14606918,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Booman,Hell mad game
76561198086898776,Recommended,247730,10423825,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,[CoT] Deathgrip007,I bought this game and now I cant login
,Recommended,247730,13506119,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Daniel.S,Really good game but the one thing i don't like about it is that when you die and your friends dies you can get put far away from him
76561198124654173,Recommended,247730,13511423,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ILLUSIV3 5TORM5,So much fun!!! SRP!!!
,Not Recommended,247730,15441654,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,charlieplays,"I would like to get a chance to play the game but can't get past the registration page so i don't really know if the game is good or not. Don't waste your money buying the game though, its so buggy i cant even get into it. I have a brand new lappy and the newest windows to day, everything is updated and should not have any problems on my end...so dont waste your time or money on it right now."
,Not Recommended,247730,15447135,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Rmiles,Good Game...... but if you forget your password you cannot get a new one. I wasted 10.00! i could've gotten terraria on sale!
76561198087133135,Not Recommended,247730,13109384,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,NocturnalOdin,this game used to be good you could survive for more then 30 seconds outside a safezone with out being shot and killed for fun now this game is full of wankstain KOS butt buddy bandits this is no diffrent than any other 'survive the  post-apocalyptic world' ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that has been focused on recently for ♥♥♥♥s sake make pve servers. And atleast give no reward for killing. Like i said it was great tons of fun now its a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥in the corner. its not even in the same league asDayz Standalone in that you atleast have person to person interaction nether your a bunch of mute running around killing each other great fun for ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s not so great for the one who want to play it and survive with a group of non pvpers who want to experince the game for what it is all this game is now is a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥s killing on site for ♥♥♥♥ing fun anyone who doesnt runs away from you beacause they think your going to kill them the only good way to play this game is to have a large group of friends like 10 to 30 all sticking together so if someone does attack there ♥♥♥♥ed. any way piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥DONT BUY full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥s KOS bandits no where near as good as standalone .
76561198072251262,Recommended,247730,8640251,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,old_school_soldier2000,"This Game is a chilling terror filled, paranoia fueled pvp rich Game that can only keep getting better i love it you will to cu there"
,Not Recommended,247730,25004692,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Apinaheebo,Fun with friends but extremely buggy.
76561198028065789,Recommended,247730,21007132,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,wycior95,rlly cool and oryginal game   some things are missing but game is good
76561198037277954,Recommended,247730,20496762,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,ig83,Got this up and running with the Oculus Rifthttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmLbUyxHujI
,Recommended,247730,20551235,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Son,Mailman Apocoalypse Simulator 2016. The game is strongly atmospheric. Still needs plenty of work.
,Recommended,247730,19019415,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,"Your Mate, Scully","At first, I thought this game one just another one of those horrible attempts at making a post-apocalyptic surivival games that would probably never make it through the year. That is, until I played it. The atmosphere of this game is lonely, dead, and dowright creepy. I'd jump whenever a noise would echo across the wasteland, such as gunshots and the grunts of those horrible things that are devoting every hour of their time to nibble on your gibblets. I'm glad the devs have come back of updating the game too! This game has great potential, and I'd hate for it to be sullied by bad reputation the community forced on it. 11/10, would survive again!"
,Recommended,247730,19022949,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,EliteDoota,"Bugs, glitches, internet trolls, hoards of monsters that will kill you around every corner. That is Nether. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,247730,20241172,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,✪ DeVilE,very fun but boring to play alone
76561198044114434,Recommended,247730,20280394,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,TheMongol,"Better late than Nether.In all seriousness the game improved upon itself dramatically in a short period and is back in the realm  it should be.  A dirty, heavy bandit, hard PVP based game with some PVE and singleplayer to help ease  the frustration of losing  everything.I've  never seen a game comeback  from  the dead.  This game is doing that slowly.  Nether say Nether, it's Nether over.  Puns will Nether end.  Nether.Also note 11 hours on record =/=  total playtime.  I've been around since the start.  Just getting back into it recently."
76561197979059835,Recommended,247730,18981422,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Ben,"High stakes, survival game."
,Recommended,247730,19928895,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Makruta,"Since the recent update, I have removed my previous negative review of this game. The Developers (or new team of Developers, I don't know), seem much more interested in what the community has to say. With continued hard work, I believe this game will once again become the type of game I look forward to playing."
76561198064947769,Recommended,247730,20324152,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Whalelord,"Nether this game is so bugged it isent funny but i think thats the charm of it espically with the severs for every continent. Honestly the community is quite a laugh and i find as more of a casual game becasue when you get together with about 3 other freinds or people in a ""3rd party program"" its just a huge amout of fun and laughter. Any I really enjoy the game hope you do to!!"
,Recommended,247730,19141477,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Sargilli,"Seems with the resurrection this game has potential to florish again, might be worth a look at in a month or two"
,Not Recommended,247730,10707508,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Erd,Avoid this piece of crap. That is my professional opinion.
,Not Recommended,247730,25657816,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Dmitri Negus,"This game was a great game a few years ago even with just the official servers, would be nice if they added the ability to create community servers, but from the reviews that I'm reading from this game apparently all of that has gone down the drain in this game has just become another dead part of history.This game was actually really fun to play a few years ago but apparently it's really gone downhill.It was fun while it lasted."
,Not Recommended,247730,12452054,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Orychan (Not a weeb),"Was a truly fun game in its early stages until they made weapons craftable, so you spend hours crafting guns only to be spawn camped by someone.Hacker galore♥♥♥♥♥♥ aibuggy as ♥♥♥♥incompetent devs.... nuff said"
76561198089855807,Recommended,247730,33688073,Posted: 20 July,all,Metro,I love this game if only they didnt give up on it.
76561198120365698,Not Recommended,247730,8848921,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Rim job master,login is terrible and game get slightly boring after you get a gun.
,Recommended,247730,14198482,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Hbfv,Getting a player kill just makes me feel happy xD
,Recommended,247730,8404117,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,verock24,"Me gusto, buen juego"
,Recommended,247730,18975877,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,its10am,"This game was and once again is, AMAZING! i know when the other company took it over it went to complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ that is why is has so many bad reviews. After a few updates they should readvertise it or something. Explain to everyone what happened, tell them how hard you guys are working and get this game popular again! If this team sticks with it this time and advertises right, this game will be amazing."
76561197976304481,Not Recommended,247730,8163878,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,[DGC] Nighthawke,"Buggy implementation of the server menu should've warned me off at the start, but I'm a hopeless optimist and went forward anyway. Missing floors (texture present but nothing solid), invisible walls, missized textures and something about the way EVERY AI teleports as its main means of attack/movement in combat suggests that the animators were less than certain in their ability to handle terrain otherwise. That said, this game has promise, the albeit buggy environment did lend to the sense of atmosphere, and the beginnings of an RPG system are good signs, but this game is far from ready. Maybe when some more fixes, especially the movement, both of player and AI, are done, it could be somethign nice. Until then, not so much."
,Not Recommended,247730,8172274,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Blakout,To me my impression of this game is that it's a quick money grab scheme. I would not buy again but I do hope I'm wrong and they fix the miriad of issues that plague the game.
76561198114521258,Not Recommended,247730,8176020,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,someone,Do not buy this game! Servers are always down and the cheaters are rampid with horriable patchs that fix nothing! I wish I could get my money back
76561198055556154,Not Recommended,247730,8176587,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Superior Clam,"I wish I could say this game had potential. I wish I could say this game had promise. I wish I could say I could've PLAYED the game... But I can say nothing about it. This comment is not so much for the game itself as for the people who've made it. If you're willing to spend money on this game, then expect this to come with it:The game, for quiet a few people, is purely and simpy unaccessable. Login will not work, support will give you meaningless methods of restarting the launcher, and if you hope to see a patch to fix any of this, you'll be disappointed.Now, I am not bashing the game itself. I did, after all, try to buy the game because it looked fun and enjoyable. To that I say the game is worth it. However, the developers are not OVERKILL, makers of Payday and Payday 2, and close listeners of the community. To those who have problems loging in, having glitches and having your currency reset, then you have the title of SOL. Seriously, from the hours I've spent doing as they told me to fix the game, I have lost all hope.I understand this is an Early Access game, but if thats the case, then the developers should have the common courtacy to inform you of the MANY errors the system has.My last words are this is not a discouragement. This is a WARNING. You will have a good chance of buying into a PROBLEM."
76561198069568882,Recommended,247730,8177559,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,TheTacticalWanderer,They have been fixing all the problems people have been having and I've been able to actucally play it! Like the game so far just wish I would not get shot or slashed at on site but that's the game SURVIVAL!
76561197983859499,Not Recommended,247730,8180713,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,kensand,"Nether. I would like to recommend this game, if only i could play it. After downloading it and spending a couple of hours trying to get the game to start, i gave up. This game is not ready for sale on steam. Any help from the forums proved fruitless. Avoid until  login problems are sorted."
,Not Recommended,247730,8184227,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,The Braxman,"I've spent nearly a half hour trying to get this game to work. Looks cool, but it'll get a thumbs-down from me until I can get it to  work within 5 minutes of installing."
76561198104358609,Not Recommended,247730,8184453,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,"O.J. ""I Did It"" Simpson",Cant even get connected to the game
,Not Recommended,247730,8066116,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,mr.viruS|#[           ],"Basicly really good game, IF you have never played anything better. Looks nice , if you have a nasa pc i gess. Ermm gameplay of cod with zombies but no zombies just like these "" nethers "" or w.e the ♥♥♥♥ they are. Overall game lacks in any gameplay mechanics, weapons are terrible , microtransactions .... Waste of money dont buy."
,Not Recommended,247730,8151255,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,SamTomoTank,"An overly ""punishing"" game. Thats my general thought on this title. While the atmosphere is good and it can be fun scavenging supplies with friends as you're stalking around the urban wilderness, the fact you lose all skill progression and the game spawns you seemingly miles away from your last location on the world map if you die makes for a frustrating and a not-very-fun experience.Losing all skill progression everytime you die creates a situation where gaining skills is pointless. It also can create a vicious circle where you end up spawning with just a knife so you take refuge in a safe zone, but you can't go out to scavenge due to the high levels of nether creatures without food and medicine, but you can't buy it as everything is expensive and scavenged stuff is worth very little, so you can't go out etc etc and the circle goes on. I don't recommend this game in it's current state. 20/12/2013."
,Recommended,247730,8175461,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,McNeilage,"Not played the game much, but I do think that the DayZ standalone is  a similar game but with more to do and I personally find DayZ better"
76561198003085963,Not Recommended,247730,8177095,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Daearen,"This was a money-wasting purchase. It takes forever to get signed in just to play. You have to link your steam account and that took at least 5 minutes. Trying to log in took another 15 because of lag or whatever. Trying to get on a server was almost impossible, totally ridiculous because NONE of the servers were even remotely full. After trying at least 10 different servers I finally made it into one just to find out that I can't do a damn thing. I couldn't move, open inventory or even pull up a menu to quit the game. Just stuck there watching the wind blowing  through the weeds and the sun setting. I understnad that this is early access and there are bound to be some technical issues but this was absolutely horrendous. What's worse is I also gave this as a gift to friend, it'll be the lump of coal in his christmas stocking this year."
76561198081355675,Not Recommended,247730,8109371,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Frank,not worth 30 dollars im sorry its really not
,Not Recommended,247730,8143856,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Trampo290988,"Right at this moment, I can not recommend this game. Do not get me wrong, this game will be fantastic, but there is a lot that needs to be implemented into it before I personally can say 'yes buy it'. Below is a list of what I think needs to be changed or improved to make the game worth the £30.1. PRICEEveryone has said it before but £30 for a BETA? that is a lot. I had no problem paying that much because I think this game will be worth it on final release, however many people would be hesitant to part with what is essentially a fully finished AAA price, for early access to an unfinished indie game. I would say a price of £20 max would get a lot more people talking about this game.2. GRAPHICSThe graphics are great. they are not up to the standards of say Battlefield 4, but for an indie developed game, they are right up there. The wasteland you travel is strangely beautiful and you could spend hours just looking around it. It could use a few tweaks, such as putting a bit more detail into the buildings, other than that they are fine.3. GAMEPLAYThis is where the game looses me. I am all for PvP games, I play TF2 on occasions and am a big fan of COD/BF etc. However they are mean't to be that type of game. Nether actually has environmental enimies which can get quite difficult to beat (finding one is easy, but finding a hoard of them sometimes hitting double figures can make it nearly impossible), what I do not need whilst trying to kill these is a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who insists on sitting atop a building sniping everyone in sight. THIS GAME NEEDS PvE SERVERS ASWELL. It is that simple. You can keep the PvP servers and have groups of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s killing each other just for kicks, but I, and many many more people I have spoke to about this game, say they would rather be able to group up and try and beat the Nether surges together, than be shot at from afar because the other guy can not be bothered to go out and find his own items.Talking about items, they are few and far between. I get that it should be a challenge, having only a kitchen knife to start, trying to find bigger, more powerful weapons, but there are not that many in the map. There are plenty of bullets, walk into almost any building and you will find some. Food is not as rare as you would think. Bandages and pain pills are rare to find, even in the back of abandoned ambulances. Guns and melee weapons are very rare. I think I have found 1 pistol, 1 SMG and a crowbar in all the time I have played Nether. Water is impossible to find, I am not even sure if that has been put into the game as I have never come across it.4. SAVINGYou can't. It is that simple. you die you start from scatch, which makes the douches from before even more annoying. It is not a big problem if you are level 1-4, walking around swiping at the enemies and you get killed. It does become a problem however when you hit say level 7, you have leveled up your guy (there is a levelling up system in game) to be better at sneaking and melee, found a great gun and plenty of ammo, food and other supplies to actually be able to survive, then get shot at from someone who can not be bothered to look for stuff, or he just does it for 'a laugh'. This game needs a save mechanic. I don't mean you can save when you like. It needs to be when you hit certain levels. You can still loose all your stuff, you can always find that again, but it is annoying as hell when you have spent HOURS levelling your guy up, for it to be snatched away by ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I would recommend it saving at certain levels (2,5,7,10,15,20,30).FINAL REVIEWI personally can not recommend this game until a save mechanic and PvE servers are added. Without these I am finding it hard to say why people should pay £30 for early access. Yes the graphics are good, the atmosphere is outstanding, but thats it. It is not worth playing if at the end you loose everything . Why should I plough good money and hours into a game with absolutely zero pay off? Why should I get my friends to buy a game where you can not save your progress like it was a Sega Megadrive game and you had to complete it in one sitting? A save mechanic and PvE servers are the most requested things for this game, Add them and you will make a lot more money to add more detail.UNLESS YOU LIKE WASTING HOURS ON SOMETHING WITH ABSOLUTELY NO END REWARD, THEN BUY NETHER. IF YOU PREFER TO BE ABLE TO SAVE AND BE ABLE TO WALK IN THE OPEN OF THE WASTELAND WITHOUT FEAR OF BEING SHOUT BY A ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, WAIT UNTIL THEY IMPLEMENT THEM, BECAUSE (HOPEFULLY) THEY WILL, AND WILL MAKE THIS GAME EPIC!"
,Not Recommended,247730,8160880,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Reaveth,"Although the amount of time has been rather short this is only due to the fact that root canal treatment is more fun. The game is poorly designed and executed and one can only wonder what the developers of this dross were thinking other than the $$$. Although the enviroments look quite good at first glance this is shortlived and will soon realise that they are actually rather half arsed, the multiple tower block buildings  seem to be designed for the handicapped as they have no stairs but rather ramps, The rest of the map has been decorated with garbage on such a grand scale that it would appear that this city was infact the worlds garbage dump.Loot is pretty much non existent and on the off chance you do actually find any it will more than likely be ammo for guns that you do not have and probably have never seen or vendor items that provide such a small amount of cash that the only reason to even bother picking them up is because there is nothing else in your inventory.Enemies are easily avoided if you can be be bothered to ""stealth"" your way around them which involves crouching and slowly walking around them, making crossing the street feel like an eternity. Combat with enemies is rather poor seeing as your melle attacks interupt theirs until they teleport behind you and hit you with their being very little you can actually do about it unless you can predict where they will reappear.The community is rather unhelpfull despite there being coop missions designed for players to work together the general consensus appears to be kill on sight regardless of whether not you are allready being attacked by npcs.For those looking for a survival game, any other choice (Rust, DayZ or Infestation: Survivor Stories) is better than this and I would also go as far to say that Nether makes Infestation: Survivor Stories look like Shaft.I would like to say that Nether is still in development and could still improve and actually become worth your time but considering this is in Beta and DayZ SA and Rust are still Alpha then the chances of that becoming a reality are slim to none."
76561197993600875,Not Recommended,247730,8166694,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Traveler,"Purchased this morning. Havn't been able to download the entire game yet because the game is not functioning properly with the steam sync. Every connect results in ""you're not synced. please sync blablabla"".Beta or no beta, this is not a acceptable. If the producers behind the game are unable to make syncing a proper functioning thing this game should not be for sale yet in a STEAM SALE.I've read some players, even after 12 hours, are still not able to login and download the full game.I am considering asking for a refund."
76561198047682876,Recommended,247730,10895323,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Tumbleweed,"15/10 Spent 3 hours finding loot on my way back to safe zone two feet away get shot by unknown sniper, would do again and again!"
76561198096223270,Recommended,247730,20278496,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,dog,Non-functional car simulator
,Recommended,247730,20352995,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,PopHerCherryMaccy,FIX graphic performanceBetter main menu designOptimize graphics for LOWER computers.
76561198118218860,Not Recommended,247730,8159325,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,chanman1998,Cant Log in at all. tried to log in with steam. nothing. dont buy. very mad.
,Not Recommended,247730,8160088,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Kaine,"Let's review this cash grab shall we?Let me start by saying NO ONE should EVER EVER EVER excuse a bad game with the excuse ""IT'S JUST ALPHA"" or ""IT'S JUST BETA"".....that might work in the land of unicorns where we can all sit around a camp fire and dream up in our imagination an illusionary fictional future for the game....but here in the real world most games that suck in alpha or beta will suck at release. QUIT USING THE ITS ONLY ALPHA/BETA EXCUSE! I bet these are the same people that line up to vote for a president when the electoral college picks one for them....moving on....IT IS A PAIN IN THE♥♥♥♥♥TO EVEN GET INTO THE GAME AFTER YOU BUY IT!After several people bought the game they realized that they had to create an account on the Nether site. Once you create this account it will not let you log in until you link your steam account. You will then click a link that takes you to a website where you can ONLY enter in your Nether Account name but it will not let you click on ANYTHING else on the page making you unable to link your steam account. You will have to leave the page...CLOSE EVERYTHING....reopen nether on steam....log in....THEN manually type in the URL of the page you left that did not work...and ONLY then will you be able to type in your steam information. I for one do not believe companies should make steam users jump through hoops AFTER THEY PURCHASED THE GAME!!!! It should be launch from steam...done!YOU WALK THROUGH EVERYTHING!I walked through walls, refrigerators, shelves, trashbags, the ground itself, cars.....at times you feel like you are playing war z again with all your no clipping hacks turned on.BLUE SCREEN MULTIPLE TIMES!I'm not going to go into all the specs of my PC but I'll just say its a high end PC running a 7970. There should be ZERO reason why I randomly get blue screens over and over. This is the first game I've been unable to run flawlessly.WANT TO COMMUNICATE WITHOUT A MIC? YOU WILL BE COMMUNICATING TO THE ENTIRE SERVER!There is no proximity chat or /say...nope...there is only ONE chat channel...and that chat channel is to the entire server. It also disappears constantly and most do not even use it. So even if someone responds to me I'll never see the message unless I press Enter every minute or so.AT NIGHT YOU MIGHT AS WELL MINIMIZE THE PAGE, GRAB THE LUBE, AND PULL UP YOUR FAVORITE ADULT WEBSITE....BECAUSE YOU WON'T BE SEEING ANYTHING ON YOUR NETHER SCREEN FOR A VERY LONG TIME ANYWAY!There is no gamma or brightness cheat in this game...nor is there even night vision goggles. Nope. It's just you with a rusty kitchen knife running through empty buildings for toilet paper and doritos.....and I assume like Halo there is an incentive to throw all these bags of doritos around...since it is the only item I ever find!THE COMBAT ANIMATIONS WERE STOLEN FROM MINECRAFT!Watch the trailer again...tell me how many times you actually see combat animations? THEY DO NOT WANT TO EVEN SHOW THE ANIMATIONS IN THEIR OWN TRAILERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!IGN must have their corporate headquarters located in a state that has legalized marijuana...because these guys were high as hell when they posted a video saying that the combat is fluid. This is by far the worst combat I've seen in a FPS game. The melee weapons have 1 animation....the guns are static....do not get the impression that the combat is going to be even remotely close to battlefield 4.THE AI HAS DOWNSYNDROM WITH TELEPORTATION ABILITIES!While fighting an AI on a top floor of a building surrounded by a chain linked fence.....he decides to teleport outside the cage...stared at me briefly like Wile E. Coyote from the Roadrunner cartoon....then falls down several stories. Another example of the AI is while a gorilla was humping a tower I hit him in the back until he died. I also saw an alien using a fence as a trampolin. A few AI's that were on buildings at least 100 yards from me would teleport over and over basically flying to my building to attack me!GUNS ARE SCARCE!If you are expecting a lot of guns and action do not play this game. You have two options for a gun....either find a subway or exchange sexual favors for one at a safe zone."
76561197961799498,Recommended,247730,8160248,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Jeff7181,"Now that the login issues are resolved it, the server list page needs some attention.  It's slow to load the list of servers and freezes as its loading.Other than that, I'm enjoying the gameplay the more I play it.  The PVP aspect can be frustrating, you just have to know that on higher population servers, you need to be more stealthy.  Can't go running down the middle of road even if there are no Nether.  Get up high when you can easily to scope things out.  When using a main road, walk along buildings and fences and in tall grass.  When possible, stay off main roads and walk through or between buildings.Paying $20 to get in the closed beta might be a bit much for some, but I feel right now, even in beta, the game is worth $20."
,Not Recommended,247730,8161970,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,AIRONAX,"At this current stage in the games development, i would not recommend spending money, yet! this game really needs to sort its♥♥♥♥♥♥out. the mass pvp and the fact that there is no reward/ progression just makes this game feel like a mindless FPS ""Survival"" (only just barely) game... it seems most people like myself really want a PVE survival game were the human race work together (yes i know people will turn against each other but thats what teams can fix). the major disapointment is no progression, someone called this a rpg, no progression, no rpg, sorry.being a big fps rpg fan i really this the producers need to take a page from a game like fallout. Rust is on the right track but it seems Nether has kinda had a great idea that could be great but has dropped the ball at this point in time.all in all:- No i don't regret buying this game in the hope they improve the idea of the game- This is a pc and laptop friendly game and handle well- This game focus more on PVP then survival- No Progression= dose not matter how good you were, you die you start again from scratch- Great game for those who love to give self gradification and pat themselves on the back.And finaly i will be keeping a eye on this game for if/ when they make good on the replayability of the game :)"
76561197971250207,Not Recommended,247730,8168311,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Ronin,Can't configure Keyboard bindings... sooo NO!
76561197984796981,Not Recommended,247730,8168330,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Haile Selassie I,"If you could actually play what you've paid for, that'd be great.Would NOT recommend this game as you can't even play it."
76561198116069770,Not Recommended,247730,8168578,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,mosti,"Avoid this game if you have no time or interest in spending hours upon hours to successfuly link your steam account and launch this game for the first time. It's been 24hrs and I still havent been able to get on the game.Google it, everyone is having problems with this. Support doesn't reply. Left a sour taste in my mouth and possible ruined the game for me regardless of how good it may be (if i actually ever get on).Paid with paypal and will be making a dispute to get a full refund."
,Not Recommended,247730,8171846,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Dr Death,"I have tried many Betas and love them, you expect a few bugs here and there but when you log in and the server selection screen lags, that is a bad sign.  Then when you finally get lucky enough to actually connect to a server, it would be nice to be able to move around.  I am not sure if this is a windows 8 issue but it is not playable for me or my son.It does not mention this on the store and this is important.  If you get killed by a NPC or player you go back to level 1!!!There are players from reading the forums that crouch down is areas and become invisible and they just PK people sending you back to 1 while they level.  This level backwards is enough I would not have purchased the game if this was told up front. Reminds of of early EQ of losing XP and going back a level except this is worse."
,Not Recommended,247730,8172271,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Pensiun item for sell,tons of problem I can't even join a lobby(very lag) and my system recruirement is more than enough
76561198009736601,Not Recommended,247730,8175364,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,DForDan,"Servers are always down, not worth spending money on yet."
,Not Recommended,247730,8175876,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Guns and Drums,"Would get rid of it instantly if I had the chance, do NOT buy this game at this point, you won't get to play it anyway, been trying for almost 4 hours now, still kicks me back into the menu, I've tried googling everything..EDIT:I somehow managed to get the game to run, it's quite interesting, although the courier system needs to be completely redone as it's overly complicated right now.The community is...well...you would hope for people to try and work together, truth is, the first one to get a sniper rifle and lay hidden in a garbage dump is going to slay the whole server, don't pick servers that are very populated.Controls and handling is quite good, overall, it's not a bad game but the community is ****, hopefully the game will get better with the upcoming updates. But right now, don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,247730,8176698,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Animal Rapist  #STi,"If you like spending money on a game you will never get to play, this is the ""game"" for you."
76561198095082782,Not Recommended,247730,8177793,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,<3 U 2,"I'd love to review this game. Unfortunately, Phosphor Marketing decided to include it in the Steam Sale without anticipating how unreliable their services are in the face of so many purchases. The game cannot be logged into by many dozens of thousands of people, and the developers and QA, through no fault of their own, are out for Holiday Break. Terrible PR move, terrible service, terrible archaic log in system, terrible website back end. It's sad, because the sale will end and these reviews will remain, and this game will die because of it."
76561198009988712,Not Recommended,247730,8181289,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,SildSnake R18,cant even play it wont link to steam
76561198026566253,Not Recommended,247730,8187751,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Heavy Metal Zinc,"Wait until they get some more bugs ironed out.1) Apparently, a lot of people cannot get their steam accounts to link to the playnether website correctly.  This happened to my friend but worked right for me.2) The installer has a weird bug.  The MSI .Net installer is configured to auto-reboot your PC on update.  The game attempts to install .Net 4.0 and fails if you have .Net 4.5 installed; thus, rebooting your machine without your consent.  On reboot and user login, the installer auto-retries and fails again and force reboots your machine.   If you have this issue, you can ""ctrl+alt+delete"" process kill the nether installer and .Net installer.  Unfortunity, I needed to use a restore point to stop the installer running on boot.  You can get around this by explicitly uninstalling .Net 4.5 and reinstalling .Net 4.0, but this may cause any applications that need the newer version to... implode?After getting the game installed, gameplay seems fun.  Players seem to kill for my experience.  The enemies aren't balanced well for new-comers since characters start with a knife and item(s) seem pretty rare.  Took 2 hrs of gameplay and 3-4 character deaths to find another weapon.  On death, you lose everything but money and item(s) you put into your global inventory at death.  It's interesting, but dying is very easy and restarting with nothing gets old quickly."
76561197993120260,Recommended,247730,8188037,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,-tGx-Noreiga,i have bought alot of♥♥♥♥♥♥games in my life. and all of them launch but this game wont even do something as simple as launch because steam can't sync with nether login server's now thats some♥♥♥♥♥♥u wouldn't think would be possible what makes me angry is there is so many ppl complaining about it and steam nor the nether team are even attempting to fix the♥♥♥♥♥♥i wouldn't recommend this garbage.. to anyone until they get it fixed Well they fix it.. congrats to there team even though it took a couple of days the finaly fix it good job guys...
,Recommended,247730,12298472,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,㊚ Kr❂ni✗  csgooffer.me,Here Some Nether First Look Gameplay/Impressions XDhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PydMAtUnUqc
,Not Recommended,247730,23804731,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,mister1553 (goobz),"pure♥♥♥♥♥♥ refunded it, bought it back when game had GOOD reviews, (as nether resurrected), then the devs who clamed they could save the game ALSO abandoned it, SO I REFUNDED it, so DO NOT BUY, waste of money, nobody plays it anymore, so if you are looking for a survival game, go play rust"
76561197995194217,Not Recommended,247730,8184109,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Empirical,I think games should not charge money till they are at least to a beta stage.  This game feel just so amature.  It can only be fun if you have hours and hours of to waste before you can do anything but cower.
76561198070915461,Not Recommended,247730,8146648,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,NoilDiesel,It keeps saying Failed To Launch NETHER when sign.
76561198023497848,Recommended,247730,19981921,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Poopy,This game is alright since it got resurrected by the devs but i am experiencing frame drops  with low settings but i will fix it and lets hope the game get more popular.WOULD BUY THE GAME FOR $0.99 RIGHT NOW
,Recommended,247730,20307467,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Sckiz1,I recommend this game to pc user maInly because u need a powerful one to get quality.Good concept but not for the shy gamer 3/5
76561198050228330,Recommended,247730,20407122,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,TinyAssMan,"Spent an hour walking around. Got ambushed by another player armed with a kitchen knife, shot him in the face with can gun. Kept walking, Ran into a player armed with an assault rifle, instant death. Respawn with a kitchen knife. Awesome."
76561198013116333,Recommended,247730,18955857,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,bikerush,NETHER...IS...BACK! with good devs let's hope they can make it better
76561198041673985,Recommended,247730,19138111,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,XNAGOLSX,Its really  great but scary
,Recommended,247730,19830676,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,devinblox - skinhub.com,"Now that the game is back in good hands i give my full support for this game! Its a greate concept and it is now really fun for you to feel the fear of your player. Help or kill your fellow survivors in this action packed game! Although a greate game i fell it should still be in early access, as it still has many bugs.8/10 IGN Would die again."
,Recommended,247730,20138385,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Moistbobo,a nether got stuck in a garbage can and killed me because the garbage can became its shieldi experienced emotions that i never thought i would feel10/10 would feel again
76561198110617198,Recommended,247730,20214303,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,DeathIncome,"same as Dayz, kill on sight."
76561198046397962,Recommended,247730,20242505,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Green ♛,"To anyone who doubts Nether for its past stereotype should be frowned apon. Nether is currently clean of hackers, if there is any able to get through they will be quickly banned. Please keep reading if you want to know Nethers story of why it has gotten a bad taste and why it is now a top noch survival game :)   (420 hours)I started playing Nether in early 2014, even though I would run the game at all low settings at 25 FPS, I still loved it. Currently being developed by Phosphor games. The game currently has nothing wrong with it besides the fact that it is in early development with small bugs. The game had an average of 350-700 people playing and enjoying the game.  A few months past and now a hack has been going around, but not enough to the point of no return. A few weeks later the hacks spread around a bit more and Phosphor Games has been offered a deal for the ownership and development of Play Nether. The development team PureFPS is now in control left to figuring out a way to get rid of some hackers and fix some bugs. They did a decent job of cleaning them out, not good enough to have the game playable. The game is now in the lowest prime of its time, all servers were PvE (Player vs Enviorment) and hacks didn't mean anything have a effect on that. PureFPS added a ''survival of the fittest'' kind of gamemode where you would fight to the death and the winner, well wins. A couple months later Phosphor Games is back and gets rid of the gamemode and resets all globle inventories due to the hacked inventories, at this point there are rarely any hackers found. Players of nether are able to pay for there own server or host it with modded shops (Each server has different globel invtentory). Then here we are now, the hackers are a one in a million chance to see and if so they should be banned quickly. The game is currently in a state of having a bad catch because of its past, to any veterans out there, please try out this game again. C'mon give it a shot :)-Agentneff (SWK Clan member)"
76561198090626841,Recommended,247730,20384720,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,JSwizzle554,Good Game.. 8/10
76561198075725930,Recommended,247730,19326827,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,MCPO iiDevon,This game used to be an absurd amount of fun. Then♥♥♥♥♥♥happened. It became unfun.Now? Original Dev team is back and I'm looking forward to an absurd amount of more fun.You can ♥♥♥♥ing hang glide from rooftop to rooftop....What kinda of sniper wouldn't want that?The tribes are the best though. I've made a lot of money killing other tribes...because I'm a bandit....A Butter Knife Bandit...The Butter Knife Bandits will rise again.
,Recommended,247730,19393898,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,$HARKY,i was very upset for the first time in this game i died many times whenever i left the safezone .but still love the game bcuz there is one server where u can not kill players and it turn out great tho so far i was  very satisfied for the pve server
76561198093331070,Recommended,247730,20005128,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,"✪ [VG] Tarkin ""Swag"" Pierce",great game glad its back in the orignal dev hands so i cant wait for new things ;p
76561198104657132,Recommended,247730,20401924,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,TheUltimateGamer,"this game is amazing ,but it lacks for offical server , legacy browser for servers so i can put my server on favorite , and guns , and it have ALOT of glitches , such as glitching throw ground and buldings ,"
,Recommended,247730,19467126,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE,Lacking ghasts
,Recommended,247730,20311220,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Robm,COME ON DOWN TO THE OVERPRICE CITY WHERE THE ITEMS ARE BAD AND THE PRICE IS ♥♥♥♥♥♥!
76561198272373882,Recommended,247730,20412870,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Y0uKn00w1,"This game allows the player to enter a world of uncertainity, a world based off of thrill,terror and survival of the fittest. i recommended this for gamers who seek challenges ranging from stravation, to fighting off opposing players and mutants etc... I myself love this gaming and would recommend it to anyone."
