user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,248390,13019886,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,ivanx,"Okay so, I'm not exactly sure if i should upvote or downvote it, because both would be true.First of all the good part. The first 10 hours of the game or so, maybe a little bit less, 8 hours - seem magical, astounding and absolutely amazing. It reminds you of old masterpieces - dungeon keeper, Knights and Merchants, even survival games. It's all great - I mean you can dig, create stuff, decorate it, smash monsters, level gnomes up, craft, you can craft a lot. More advanced crafting requires gnomes with specific skills. So the idea's great, you unlock more and more recipes by crafting newly unlocked stuff, the world seems a better place with this game around.And then you get to midgame.You start lacking resourses, especially the most important resourse ingame - iron, which is non-renewable. You start going to edges of the map, which takes gnomes forever to just reach, not to mention they prefer spending their time doing something you didn't really even ask them to do. Even with teleportation to the right place, you just no longer control them, the AI gets dumber the more you build and explore, while gnomes never get faster, nor you get a huge army of them. By midgame you require at least 5 times the amount of gnomes you have!The crafting turns into hell, because you need to unlock 5-10-15 more levels to reach a needed crafting level by crafting stuff you clearly do not need need in huge amounts: like 50 book cases, or 15 stone statues. You exhaust your resourses on trash, just to get over it. You also got to build that trash, which requires you to use pretty inconvinient system of placing the newly crafted item into one of 20 fast access slots, which in midgame are already filled out with important things like spells, food, walls, bridges etc. And then restore the previous one the same way.By that time you get the feeling that you'd rather stare at the wall doing nothing, than play on.Awful late game balance and AI management completely kills the game.But at least you can enjoy first 8-12 hours."
,Recommended,248390,13455810,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Lowen,"This is a nice 2d dwarf management game, kind of like a mix between Dwarf Fortress, Terraria and Minecraft. I've enjoyed the time I've spent playing it and I recommend it.However, it does have a few problems.I wish levels didn't take so long to complete: I've played this game for 60 hours and I've only completed 2&1/2 levels. There's no real reason for the game to be so slow, there's just not much to do on a map after you've secured your fort except more of the same stuff you've been doing from the beginning.There's a research tree, but it sucks. New techs have too many prerequisites. You need all of the prerequisites and most of them don't make any sense. Resetting the tech tree each level is also pointless and just makes levels take longer.Dwarfs are also pretty dumb and still get lost while pathfinding. They'll also gather up junk resources like dirt and sand which you simply won't ever need or want again after a certain point.I'm not sure why this game has a Minecraft style crafting grid either. It just means every time I want to make something I need to drag each item onto the grid. There's no need for this, the game gives you the recipe, it could just give you an inventory count for the ingredients on the crafting grid so that you could make stuff and be aware of how many of your raw resources you're using without any dragging.Last but not least I would say the game is very easy. Just kit out all your dwarfs with some good weapons and armor. A few melee dwarfs and the rest with bows or wizard staffs and you're set. You can also just armor your base well and wait out the hourly monster sieges.I guess that's a long list of complaints but I really do enjoy building up my fortress and fending off the monster waves while I gradually expand my mines deeper and further away."
,Not Recommended,248390,19342861,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Echoes and Specters,"Please don't let the Negative review fool you- Craft the World can be a really fun game when it wants to be. I bought this game after Terraria, Gnomoria and Dwarf Fortress were feeling a little stale, and after reading that from the Store Page that it draws so much from similar games, I thought ""Well, this is the game for me!""CtW does a LOT right- it has a great allocation of resources, a Tech Tree that rewards the player (though still in need of a good bit of work on some of the later technologies), graphics that inspire a friendly and positive player experience, and a great base-building simulation.So why is it a Negative review?Because it's a Mobile game. Everything about CtW reeks of ""The App Store is our major goal"". No key bindings, a crafting menu COMPLETELY designed around touchscreens, and even a big Dwarf holding an iPad when you load up the game just ruins the experience for me. Despite it's initial release on Steam, Craft the World makes PC users feel like an afterthought. Everything is dragging, everything is awkward, and you'll need to head to the wiki if you want to figure out any Hotkey shortcuts. However, my overall negative review comes from more than a moral standing-The game fails to deliver on population management completely. If you select an enemy, ALL of yours Dwarves will drop everything they do to fight it. If you mine a tunnel, you're going to have a conga line of Dwarves picking up resources in the LEAST sensible way possible. If you start a task, cancel it, and restart it, you're going to have a Dwarf standing around while another Dwarf, often from the other side of the map, comes to handle the task for some odd reason.The Evil Portal event feels like an artificial restraint on my fun, making me have to pause everything I'm doing for a night while trying to herd my Dwarves into their home quick enough to survive, and the zombie waves are just a lot of ""keep smacking them until they go away(win)/until they break your door down(lose). The Goblin events are frustrating at best; I don't know how the developer thought putting in a random surge of enemies without ANY warning would be a great idea, but it's still more fun than the Evil Portal event.A lot of mechanics are frustrating to deal with and calling them unintuitive would be a major complement. Selecting a single space and having four different options for that space pop up makes me think ""How much better could this have been if they'd put effort into making it better for Mouse/Keyboard users?""All in all, Craft the World is fun. Sometimes. Every time I play this game, it wants me to have all the fun in the world, right up until it trips over its own shoelaces and falls face-first onto the floor. When Dekvoir makes a release better tailored for PC users, I'll gladly change my review. Until then, don't pick the game up until it goes on sale."
,Recommended,248390,14037830,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Dynastron,"First 10 hours - AwesomeNext 10 hours - FunNext 10 hours - okNext 10 hours - TediousNext 10 hours - Arrrghhhh!Ok, so why overall positive review? Great value for money! You will get 30 hours of fun out of this game, which makes it money well spent.What happens that makes it a mind numbing tedious grind? Basically there are 3 worlds. You start the first and work your way up in tech to fight the final bosses and move on to the next world.  Now here is the kick to the nuts, every time you start a new world, you start completely over!! I started my third world and couldn't take it anymore. The worlds are a little different so that is kinda fun, but the tech is the same.  Grind fest by gameplay hour 40.Still, would reccomend you try it. 30 hours of fun! Better bang for your buck than movie or amusement park."
76561197970359777,Recommended,248390,32148342,Posted: 3 June,all,HOD,"One of my favourite ""Dwarf Fortress-lite"" games. Very accessible (almost feels casual at times). The only real downside is that it can get a bit grindy late-on. Works great on a tablet too (Surface Pro 4)."
76561198062930115,Recommended,248390,14693068,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,DG Dobrev,"After much deliberation, I decided to give the thumbs up to this game - but with a bunch of stuff in mind.First thing's first - the developers made true on their promise, and this game is indeed a mix of Dungeon Keeper (you can control one of your dwarves, which is actually recommended during difficult encounters), Terraria (2D mining, hidden underground rooms and enemies, nighttime attacks) and Dwarf Fortress - well, dwarves and equipment for them.Secondly - this is not a game that will keep you glued to your PC as your dwarves are being killed left and right. Actually, this is a game that doesn't really take itself seriously - you have unlimited freedom over the things your dwarves do - sometimes, it is just as fun to watch them go about their daily stuff (sleep, snore, eat, talk to each other, make funny sounds, etc.). It is a pure sandbox game with some survival factor. Let your creative juices flow, and build yourself a nice fortress or castle. Experiment and take pleasure in it - completing the level isn't really mandatory. Sometimes just making something cool looking just to screenshot it and post it somewhere is just as much fun as completing a level. With that in mind, be aware that your little dwarves will♥♥♥♥♥♥you the hell off quite often.As far as replayability goes, you can expect to be dumping a lot of hours in it. Completing a single level is 12+ hours on a small map.Let's quickly outline what's good and what's bad about this game.The Good:- Sandbox game with huge replayability- Very pleasant graphics and cute dwarves making all kinds of funny sounds- Rewarding exploration of the world above and below- Extensive tech tree- Promotes creativity- Player is actively involved in everything that happens- personally, I haven't played a more relaxing game in a long time, without feeling any constraints or need to finish a levelThe Bad:- Dwarfs AI - the dwarves are plain stupid (look at me using both US and GB plurals in one sentence). Hmm... on a second thought, that is an understatement. They are brain dead and really need you to react to situations or just plain do something before you start... um... how to put it mildly so I don't get banned... Ricking your dipps off.-- And this is a huge gripe. It outweighs everything else. If you do nothing, you will see your dwarves doing the same idiotic thing over and over again, likely resulting in death. Example: in a Boss fight (Big Undead Guys with lots of HP, good armor, using sword attacks and hurling fireballs which you need to kill to advance to the next level) if you lose a dwarf or two before the fight is over, you are in very deep sh... trouble. Unless you explicitely order your dwarves to stay inside the shelter, they will go one by one to pick ther fallen comrades valuable gear, in essence getting slaughtered themselves in the process. You can decimate a whole 10+ dwarven colony like that easily. HOpe you have nerves of steel and don't ragequit.- the pathfinding - oftentimes you will see the dwarves taking weird paths to their goals (can be remedied with portals, thank god)- Techs need grinding - unless you have something specific in mind, expect to be building the same thing over and over to advance to the next tech- Resources are limited - some resources can be recrafted (like coal) but the valuable ores (iron-mithril) can't, so you might face a mineral shortage- Bosses can be cheesed out - if you manage to put the turret just outside their range and you are patient enough, you will have yourself a dead boss.Conclusion: as you see, only the combat part of the game is actually a problem. Everything else promotes casual gameplay, sandbox feeling, relaxation, laughs and smiles all around. I would characterize this game as a builder with softcore survival elements. It is the perfect thing for the casual gamer who likes to throw in an hour or two in it, have some fun and switch it off. If you are a hardcore survival game fan, stay away from it, as you will likely be terribly disappointed."
,Recommended,248390,7757757,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Junbo79,"If you are looking for that next crafter/builder sandbox adventure, then this is the one.  It has the basis to be great as long as you understand that this is an Early Access game meaning there is a lot more to come.Better graphics than Terraria and does everything different enough to keep it interesting.  Instead of a single hero, you get a team of dwarves to do your bidding.Tough to rate an Early Access game and would suggest Steam considers against it.  Tough to speak negatively in a review on an Early Access game when I have no idea what will be added until considered released.  So at this point, all I will say is it has the basis to be one of the great ones.Update #1 (3/1/14):   The dev continues to update this game, it continues to get better and I still feel that it has a strong enough foundation to be considered great.  Add mods and this could be legendary.Update #2 (4/14/14):    Same as the last update.  The game is continually being updated with fixes and additions.  A perfect example of what I expect from an Early Access game, and trust me when I say that it's only a small fraction of EA games that get updated this frequently."
76561198030733581,Recommended,248390,8792135,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,exteel.golem,"I just broke 100 hours this weekend with this game, so figured it was time for a review. I've been on Steam for years now, and this is the first review I've ever written here. While I've enjoyed other games as much, or more than this one, what made me want to write a review, is how ""quiet"" this game has been. For being so immensely fun, I had never heard of it, quite the sleeper, even more so than Terraria was.I'm a big fan of Minecraft, Terraria, Dwarf Fortress, Gnomoria, and Don't Starve. This title is definitely as good as those, combining elements of all of them but still delivering a unique gameplay experience. The graphics are superb for what I've come to expect from this genre, and add a lot of character to the game. If it didn't have the ""Early Access"" label I wouldn't have known it was.Do not let the ""Early Access"" label stop you from trying this if you've had bad experiences with them before, so have I (Towns, Castle Story.)  This is not like those and will definitely deliver. The fact that the developers consider this early access makes me really excited to see what else they have in mind for the game, and it gets updated quite frequently.My biggest gripe with the game is the lack of a job priority system like other village management games have, and it can really frustrating here. As of the writing of this review, I frequently have to de-construct/re-construct crafting stations to get my dwarves to craft at all, and their highest priority seems to be hauling right now. Great. -.-I've gotten used to the system now, but it has numerous quirks the player will have to learn and get used to. I could definitely see less patient or experienced gamers quickly getting frustrated with their dwarves and some of the glitchy behavior.That aside, unlike almost every title I mentioned above, the game comes with a built-in tutorial and task-based system to guide you through the game. I really liked this and thought it was really well done. For those who don't like to have their hand held or just want more freedom, there is a custom sandbox style mode that has a few settings to play around with.TL, DR: Great ""Early Access"" game that doesn't play like ""Early Access"" at all! If you enjoy Minecraft, Terraria, Dwarf Fortress, Gnomoria, Don't Starve or any other game like this, add this title to your collection!"
,Not Recommended,248390,25217239,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Undercover Alien,"This game showed a lot of promise when it was first released. Now, only four levels have been created , it still has annoying errors and they are trying to get customers to pay for extra things that should just be part of the main game, like female characters. Also, once you have done the first level it starts to get boring because the next 3 levels have little difference. It's just the main graphics that change really, but the items collected from the gathered blocks are the same graphics."
,Not Recommended,248390,13328206,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,noobule,"Nope. Not a fan. Looks good from the outset but it's really poorly designed. The biggest and most pervasive issue is it takes way too long to get anything done. I put in at least 15 hours to complete the first world and almost all of that was waiting around while making decisions of very little value.The Dwarf AI is really terrible. Their prioritisation is all over the place. You'll have a dwarf with 90% mining skill and your best pick cutting trees while your brand new dwarf with no skills and no gear will be haplessly hacking away at the toughest rock in the game.  Your cook won't cook. You'll set a job to kill a chicken and find every dwarf you have chasing it around the map. Possibly worst of all - your dwarves regularly refuse to pick up after themselves, rendering all the work you (finally) got them to do moot. What's the point of chopping down trees to collect wood if they never bring the damn wood back to the storehouse? This last complaint is mitigated somewhat by the spells you receive later in the game but they are neither a solution and they invoke the game's fairly terrible magic system (but I won't get into that).The tech tree is really awful. It's mostly linear - if you recognise a tech further down the tree you need you generally have to unlock everything that comes before it, regardless of that tech's use to your or relation to the tech you want. Perhaps this is somewhat permissable as a way of gating your progression through the game, fine (though its a terrible one). But when the tech tree is 50% useless decorative elements it's just infruriating. Decorative stuff does have some use in the game (though its effectiveness is extremely unclear) but generally you'll be forced to produce far more than you'll even have the room to use, let alone the desire. In a game where it can be hugely frustrating to produce the items you  DO need - like a sharper axe - it's just insane to have to sit through the AI's nonsense and the giant travel times to produce items that have both no use and have been forced on you by lazy developers.To add to the nonsense and the endless walking-in-molasses feeling of playing this game, the items that are most useful - extra stockpiles, minecarts and elevators - are all at the very end of the tech tree. After spending the whole game managing dwarf travel times with the portal system (again, utilising the terrible magic system), actually reliable and interesting transport solutions show up at the point in time I didn't need them anymore - I could have just finished the game at the point I was at and was simply closing out the tech tree.There's heaps of other issues I could get into (holy crap the 'Minecraft inspired' craft system is awful) but I'd be here all day.I do not recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,248390,23407814,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Fetid Rotting Anushole,"I've played Craft The World twice, in two sittings, the two of them equal the playtime you see with this review.What the hell was I doing? Why is this review negative?I got roped in, I got sucker-punched with the all too psychologically powerful allure of mobile-game design.I understand that phrase is considered an ill one in the gaming community, it smacks of tedium, tasks drawn out to the most painful extent possible, and constant, tiny, new goals that move you a modicum forward for dozens of minutes of effort.That's really what it is. I mean, what's here is done fairly well.Your dwarves are automated little cretins with terrible AI who go out, collect resources that you assign them to collect, build what you want them to build, and come back to sleep in their shelter when their health is low, or eat food after they've exerted themselves and built up some of them good old munchies. The game works, it's relatively bug free (I had one crash, and sometimes dwarves get stuck trying to get out of water, that's about it), the mechanics are fluid, and the game is generally competent. Whoopee.At first it's impossibly addictive. This game is deceptively simple, and what I mean by that is that there's a great illusion here of this game having a lot to it at first, you look at the fairly large tech tree, the needs and behaviors of your dwarves, the monster waves with the promise of ""tower defense"" style strategy, and mechanics like farms and being able to husband animals in them.It's fairly cool at first look, but everything here is surface level. There's very little automation of tasks, you can't instruct your dwarves to automatically sheer sheep, or plant, harvest, and replant wheat, or automatically build and rebuild structures. I'm kind of stretching here, but with games of this type, I expect a certain amount of ease of use features to make it more fluid to play, but like I said, this is a mobile-style game, meaning they WANT you to perform as many actions as possible to drag out the playtime.That basically means doing every little simple thing takes a very large amount of button presses, if you want to craft something, you first have to manually arrange the recipe yourself, then craft it, then drag it to a hot bar, then place it, then wait for your dwarves to put it down, after they've dropped it off at the stockpile, then picked it up, and finally gotten on their way.It's that kind of maddening tedium that somehow becomes addictive for a brief period of time, and in my tiredness and desire for something completely mindless to distract me it did its job, but when I finally finished the first level, I felt a profound sense of disappointment and a total lack of feeling of accomplishment when the endgame portal appeared with a ludicrous green ""EXIT"" sign above it.There's not much to get out of this game, moment to moment it will suck the minutes away from you as you fiddle away with its time wasting mechanics, but the game isn't difficult, it doesn't require much thought, the combat is mindless and so is defending yourself against the hordes of enemies that appear. I felt tired after playing this game (yes I know I spent an insane amount of time in single sittings on it).Honestly I really don't know what was going through my head, it must have been my profoundly apathetic mood at the time, but somehow I slogged through this game twice a year apart.I'm still completely confounded by it. My soul drifts through the aether looking for answers it will never have.I don't recommend this game. If you want to waste your time go play Skyrim or something, or hell, play Dungeon Keeper or Terreria or anything that has an actual sense of accomplishment."
76561197985572546,Not Recommended,248390,17967088,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Isaac-Sama,"It looks like a simulation, but don't be fooled. It's an obstacle course. You must build six items from group A to build 8 items from group B to build 10 items from group C to finally build something that you actually want. So you have no meaningful choices. You can run the obstacle course efficiently or inefficiently, based on how well you understand the system. And learning the system is fun for a while. But once you've learned that system, you'll play every map in exactly the same way. There's no room for individual taste or trying out different strategies. To win, you must do exactly what the designers intended for you to do."
,Not Recommended,248390,28922849,Posted: 1 January,all,geofflee,"BEWARE: This is not real co-op or multiplayer. You cannot play the singleplayer game with another person.The ""co-op"" mode basically involves inviting a friend to a mini-quest in a small arena world from your existing singleplayer game to defeat a boss. You cannot save the game in the ""co-op"" mode, but at the end, you can bring back some of the supplies to your singleplayer world."
76561197990994295,Not Recommended,248390,30153089,Posted: 24 February,all,Lhetre,"There are two main things to like in this game, that isresearchandbase building.Your research progresses proportionally to what you build. What a nice idea. You build some useful things - also many useless things - and after a while you reach the next level. New things to build are always fun. The first time, that is.Base building is agreable, the many decorative blocks available allow to personalize your castle, to set up a workshop, to improve morale, but also to fortify against zombie attacks that happen regularly. Which is one of the mechanics the game uses to slow down your progress.The interface is clear, easy to read, even the tutorial is well done, and the cartoony graphics are nicely drawn.Why the negative review then?Because you lead a band of morons.Most of the game is spent exploring and retrieving resources far away from your base. You select a resource and your dwarvesshouldgo and fetch it. You even have a magic portal to travel instantly from your fortress to the resource.Instead of seeing your dwarves do their job, you'll watch them stay idle around the totem chatting - you can see the icons over their heads - and laughing their asses off. One, sometimes two, dwarves come to observe what you asked them to do, then decide that there is no path going to the task (what? it's in front of you! collect this damn rock! I opened a portal so you can do your job!!) and think about the best path to stay where they are. Meanwhile the portal timer goes on and the portal closes before they can go back home. This is the moment they decide to walk back.You'll end up digging straight tunnels to different parts of the map, which puzzles the dwarves considerably, as the icon over their head shows. They must think a straight tunnel is too easy, maybe it is a trap, let consider every single other path for the next five minutes.Attacks happen regularly, a clock tells you how much time is left before the next evil portal opens, spitting out each time more dangerous enemies. Not really a bother, your dwarves can take up a fight,because it is still better to fight than go through a portal to collect the resources needed to build a better fortress or better armour.Iron and coal - main resources to build armour and weapons - are limited. Once finished you will not be able to build more weapons. They are not regenerated. The last resources are so far away, and your dwarves so lazy, that it will take ages to dress them all.The game seems unable to manage more than half a dozen dwarves, the others stand there idle, chatting and eating and laughing at their own jokes.All things considered, this game became tedious before the first planet was even finished. I don't like watching these dwarves idle whatever I do to make them move. I don't like being forced to send the dwarves at the very end of a map to collect three miserable pieces of iron ore, because there is no ore elsewhere. I don't like seeing them thinking about a path for MINUTES (real minutes of sixty seconds). If you ever click on the wrong block, then click on the good block you wanted to dig, the ♥♥♥♥ing dwarf that was just there ready to dig the block stops, thinks for a minute, then wanders away, all the while other four to six dwarves are doing nothing in the middle of your base.The same thing happens during an attack : dwarves with limited life which are ordered to go to sleep don't know where to go (go to bed dummy, this is the order I've given you), they stay there and can eventually be killed, because they can't move.Settlers 3 (1998) had a better characters management than this game, and far more settlers to deal with. You had things to watch, because of the great number of units the game moved, some of them where lost, certainly, but they were so many you could play with the others. Contrary to this game, where the extremely limited number of dwarves means you can identify each one of them, and see that they mostly spend their time doing nothing.So, depending on your ability to resist frustration, this can become a very long and tedious game of watching lazy dwarves chatting.Oh, and do not believe reviews of people that haven't reached and played with at least 12 dwarves. As a matter of facts, the game doesn't allow more than 20 dwarves - sign the AI is not able to compute for ""so many"" dwarves."
76561198127672857,Recommended,248390,32451974,Posted: 15 June,all,Slavic Hunter,"It's an enjoyable little game with a very good concept. I think they could grow on the game, but the core gameplay is definitely there. The AI is pretty well made and the interface is pretty easy to use. Bosses and night attacks force you to progress through the game, but the shelter building could use some work. All in all, it's a short, fun game that isn't too expensive and will hopefully continue to grow."
76561198026987938,Not Recommended,248390,9808924,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,memory31,"I am going to add a weak ""not recommended"" review, though I should be clear that that applies to the game's current state -- there is a ton of potential here, but due to some questionable design decisions I don't know if that potential will ever be realized. For reference, some of my favorite games are Gnomoria and Dwarf Fortress, though I did enjoy Terraria a lot.First the good:* Cute art and adorable dwarves.* Detailed and interesting world design, though with very limited ecology.* Deep and varied tech tree.* Solid-seeming tech foundation for a builder/sim game.* Ant farm full of dwarves!The bad:* Terrible user interface:* tons of superfluous click-and-drag for crafting -- it gives you the recipe but you still have to click and drag into a grid. Maybe for the first time but subsequently producing an item should be easy. Few games make me long for DF's UI.* generally lacking polish -- highlighting items won't tell you what they are, meaning you spend time guessing what an icon/sprite means. You cannot speedup time and the game proceeds at a glacial pace, a 2/4/8x bar would be nice, especially in early game.* obnoxious leveling system -- this is by far the worst part of the game. You don't tech up by building structures, doing research, etc, nor is the entire tech tree available ala Banished -- you tech up in two ways. By crafting 10 ladders you don't need so you can make torches, etc, and by ""unlocking"" recipes that are ""locked"" by earning XP -- yes, a builder game with XP grinding, like some casual Facebook game. this mechanic might be able to be kept in if improved, but as it stands it just makes the early game a boring, frustrating clickfest. And the game pauses while crafting, which compounds the already slow speed.I know these sound like minor complaints, but taken together they really ruin what could be an enjoyable experience. This game has solid technical design and ideas, but I'm not sure where the authors are going with it; the concerns I mention raise alarm bells, for me at least.I still got some enjoyment out of the game (not done playing yet), and it might be worth picking up on sale, but I really can't advise paying $15 in the current state. Maybe once the dev gets further along or the price drops."
,Recommended,248390,8184247,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,theartofscience,"I've played DF, Towns, Gnomoria, AGoD, and other more or less failed attempts at making a Dwarf Fortress for the common man.Craft the World is the first successful attempt at making a playable, entertaining, and aesthetically pleasing version of Dwarf Fortress. It has a somewhat less ambitious scale but that is perfect in that it makes the game accessible and opens up this style of game to a much larger audience of gamers.A lot of people have misconceptions about this game and seem to be comparing it to Terraria or Starbound which is really a faulty comparison. This game is nothing like those. This is more like a strategy/simulation game in which you manage your resources and utilize your dwarf's time wisely.The graphics and music for Craft the World are top notch. The big sprites change appearance to reflect the armor/weapons you give them. The luch color palette is easy on the eyes and makes identifying different types of material easy.For an Early Access game this is in amazing shape. No crashes for me in 20 hours of play and very few bugs. The balance feels good and really it seems the only thing the game needs before going gold is more content (which they are working on, we should have another world soon).If you are on the fence about this game I encourage you to give it a shot. If you are fascinated by the Dwarf Fortress style of game but are daunted by DF itself and found the other DF mass market attempts wanting as I did then have no fear this is not another Towns.This game was one of my big surprises of the year and I believe before all is said and done I'll be putting 100+ hours into it once all of the difficulty levels are implemented."
,Recommended,248390,7701034,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,Crash,"I bought the first day it came EA on steam.  Best purchase I have made in a long time.  I play this over CoD:G and Bf4.  Those games were a release disaster... being a ""finished"" product that was not ""finished"".  This game is EA and is more playable/enjoyable than most retail games.  The devs are a refreshing suprise too, constant feedback and replies on the forum.  A patch has been released each day since launch, most are fixes for what the community has reported/suggested.  The community on the forums are helpful and supporting too.  All around, this is too good to pass up for 14.99$.  Join us and support this game, lets make this a great title!Get it!  That is all..."
,Recommended,248390,7747173,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Darlas,Super fun game - i would argure to say the most finished Early Access game out to this date.Everything is working except some minor bugs.I already poured more than 14 hours into it.It's like a simple version of dwarf fortress in 2D.It's worth the money in my eyes and the developers are fixing bugs fast!Great game for the price!
,Recommended,248390,32832669,Posted: 26 June,all,tN|Steve-nC-,"I needed to hit up the wiki to figure some things out because the in-game tutorial is sadly lacking clarity. The pressure to fight off the horde every hour is stressful, but enjoyable. It gives you something else to think about other than exploring and building. Your dwarves respawn in the event they die, so there does not seem to be much in the way of death punishment. You even get your structures back when the horde breaks through walls, so there is not a lot of negative reinforcement to get aggrivated by.It's a charming mix of terraria and minecraft that you can casually play at your own pace. I'd definitely recommend it to a friend."
76561198004251515,Not Recommended,248390,29315004,Posted: 17 January,all,Morse,"This game is fun for some time. The idea behind it is certainly nice: you are building, exploring, and nursing your gnomes. Until you notice how bad the AI is.It is atrocious.Your smith takes a break after every smelted ingot and goes to the other end of a castle for a little chat? That's normal.You mark the ore deposit and some random gnome starts to pick it with the basic tool while your master-miner chills out nearby? That's normal. Your gnome picks the armor piece you just crafted and goes with it through half the map to pick a ball of dirt? That's normal. You click on a snail and gnomes all over the map drop everything to charge for an attack? You see a gnome who picks one piece of ore but not the other because the other is assigned to some other gnome who is currently on the other end of the map? You order the ladder to be build and the gnomes do it by bringing one piece of ladder at a time althoug they can carry 5? This is all very normal.So in the end you have no control over your gnomes. Bunch of them are going through the map looking busy, but you never know who is actually doing what, and when anything will be done. By this point the game stops being fun, and becames frustrating."
76561198087738131,Recommended,248390,13079995,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Rothana,"At the Time of WritingGame:Craft the WorldPrice:$21.99*Genre:Simulation/BuildingTime Played:95 hoursPersonal Enjoyment Rating:☺☺☺☺☻Links I Found Helpful**A Youtube lets play bypaulsoaresjrhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1FF8kgUIy-UThis video pick might seem strange since it's episode 18, however I felt that it would give you a good idea of what the game is like. If you enjoy exploring a new game for yourself, then you perhaps don't want to watch it!GeneralI bought Craft the World about a year ago during Early Access. This game has been a good experience for me. Although there was a bit of a rollercoaster when it's OS requirements got changed from a minimum of Snow Leopard to Lion. A few of us objected to the basic OS requirements being changed because it meant we could no longer play the game, and the dev did change it back. I was very appreciative that he listened to us and was able to stick to the original game requirements.However, you want to know whether the game is fun, not how honourable the devs might be. It's very fun, although sometimes I question why it is because it can get quite monotonous and I begin asking myself what the point is. And yet I keep playing.GameplayYou control a bunch of dwarves. As you gain exp you gain levels, and with each new level you get another dwarf. Don't panic if a dwarf dies, because after a few minutes (you'll see the timer) he will respawn. You get your dwarves to execute two major actions - dig, and build. They will also gather materials that are on the ground by themselves. It may not sound like much, but now consider the zombie hordes that will spawn as the game progresses. You need to build strong walls and a good defence against them. The ultimate goal of each level is to complete five portal pieces to rebuild the portal and move onto the next world. If you're the sort that likes building games though, you will definitely get distracted along the way as you experiment with building a fortress for your dwarves.ControlsAlthough you can control everything with the mouse alone, it makes life easier to use the keyboard. WASD lets you pan around, and there are various hotkeys for selecting dwarves and telling them to go eat or sleep.StorylineThere isn't really much of one. I'm not sure why I'm controlling these dwarves and sending them through portals. I have no idea why there are dragons. I haven't even grasped why the zombie hordes are attacking me. But considering how many hours of my life I've already had consumed by this game, I guess I don't really care too much either!SoundIt can get a little monotonous, but on the other hand I find the music is quite addicting. I'll find it starts playing in my head when I feel like coming back to Craft the World for another session. The music is informative, telling you whether or not you're under attack, or whether it is night time. Otherwise, there isn't anything phenomenal here, the sound supports the game.GraphicsAn interesting art style that I quite enjoy. The inventory and crafting screens are a bit clunky in their design and functionality, but they get the job done. I enjoy the bright colours and the various monsters. The trees are quite fun to watch grow and get chopped down. An important tip for players concerned with aesthetics - for things like paintings you can right click a painting with a painting and it will change the image that is being displayed.Pros+addictive and fun to explore the world and build a fort+digging+building+hotkeys+zombie hordes to destroyCons-bit of a clunky UI-not sure why I'm playing it-dwarves are stupid, and with time they get even dumber (dwarf AI needs work)Help Me Help YouIf you did not find this review helpful,I would really appreciate your constructive criticism - tell me why it wasn’t helpful for you. It’s my hope to make the reviews that I do take the time to write up, as helpful as they possibly can be.Rothana's Steam Review ArchiveFor those that are interested in seeing more of my reviews, I have set up an archive of them at an external website. I don't earn anything off of this at all, it's just a little side project that I add to when I can. Steam won't let me create a direct link though, so you'll need to make your own way to the URL I describe now (sorry):rothana dot weebly dot comFootnotes*Prices are in CDN because that's what I see.**I will not be keeping all of these links up to date, if they are broken I apologise. Remember that these are external websites and I'm just trying to be helpful, I'm not responsible for the content on the other end.Edit Log27/11/2014 formatting18/02/2015 added ""rothana's archive"" section10/03/2015 edited ""rothana's archive"" section"
76561198034878249,Recommended,248390,7710749,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,SeVeRaNCe,"this game is actualy Quite Challenging, very fun, although it just got released on early access there are only a few minor issues when commanding dwarves. well on its way to becoming great"
76561198131340495,Recommended,248390,23732830,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Ockham,"I absolutely love this game. Been playing it on and off for a fair amount now, maybe a year in total.It's a bit like Sims, you'll go out marathoning it, then maybe put it down for 3 months, but then you find another update and you're right back into it.Though I think this is the longest I've been playing it because of the new Biomes feature. Skip off to another world with/out friends; destroy and strip mine the place- come back and you've got a bounty of goods waiting for you to start your crafting all over.I've built libraries, castles, bridges and countless other things. With the new updates it all gets better.I love this game and honestly have spent WAY longer than I probably should on it hahaha. The time you see there is literally a 6th of my actual game time because I started on my mate's account, loved it so much I bought it myself."
,Recommended,248390,27385915,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jexel,"Its Terraria except you issue orders to a small group of dwarves rather than directly controlling a single character. Combat involves just marking targets and watching your dwarves do the work. You can directly control a dwarf but I only found myself doing this in specific building situations where the AI was inefficient.Pros:- Fun and fairly simple building sim with just the right amount of recipes and crafting materials.- Randomly generated worlds with lots of things to discover underground.- Great way to lose track of time.Cons:- Dumb AI, often getting themselves killed- Earning all of the recipes takes longer than I would like- The invasions (large swarms of enemies) come too often- There are only a few options for defending your baseThis game is a fun little time sink that doesn't make you think too hard."
,Not Recommended,248390,13822268,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Commander,Ultimately I feel like this game isn't actually finished. It still feels like early access to me. So the fact that they have been working on ios and are now supporting two platforms for the game is a bit annoying.The biggest reasons why the game still feels like it's in early access/ beta are:- The Dwarf AI is still pretty bad. I find myself frustrated by it more often than not- The AI still feels clunky and not very friendly- Lack of control over dwarfs. Seemingly not enough buttons or commands to do some mass orders- Lack of ability to just tell a specific dwarf to go somewhere. Instead I need to manually move him there- Pacing of the game just feels off. Most people seem to be finishing the first level in around 9-11 hours- Game feels too easy but is just a tedius waiting game most of the time. The difficultly is in staying focused for so long to play a level- Tech tree still feels like it needs work to be more fluidTo address some of the comments: If what all of you said is true then they would have addressed the issues more before releasing and before deciding to divert attention to an iOS version.
,Recommended,248390,12524738,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Sanctum,"This is a fun little, casual, game. Won't satisfy any hardcore gamers' gaming appitite. However, it is a great game to pick up and play for those casual moments.This game is a lot like Terraria meets Dwarves. A bit of a mix and match genre. You have your 'craft the world' genre, allowing you to build anything your imagination allows you to. Combat system for stratagies. Tower defense. Exploration and minning (reminds me of Miner Miner). Instead of playing the whole game as you control the player, you are more the overlord telling your minions what you want done and when.I was dissapointed by the fact this game feels very much like any game you play on a smartphone or tablet (pretty sure it was designed for tablets). It takes too much to click and access certain items. I really think the crafting system needs an overhaul just to be easier to use. If not an overhaul maybe: 'one-click reciepes' instead of constantly having to add the items to the reciepe box. 'Auto craft' items like food, where the dwarfs will automatically craft food and/or fill the table.I would love to see more customizablity to the game, such as making your own dwarves. Assigning jobs or duties. Being able to sell stuff to the shop. I would also love to see more item options in the crafting menu and tech tree!! What this game REALLY needs is more tower defense items to help against the attacking hordes. More traps.If they can step away from generic tablet app design and more cross platform full feature game design, this game has a lot of potential.(sorry for any misspelling)"
,Recommended,248390,13537316,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Mr. Debbie,I looked at the clock and it was 7:45.Checked it again ten minutes later.It was 10:30...What the Hell...?
,Not Recommended,248390,20130231,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Cr8ter,"Me: Hey, go build a bridge.Dwarf: Okay. Oops, I fell.Me: Um, why did you walk off the edge?  I told you to build a bridge, not jump from it.Dwarf: Okay.  Oops, I fell.Me: Useless. I'll do it. *takes control of Dwarf* There, see? Now, walk across that bridge!Dwarf: Okay. Oops, I fell.Me: Off the bridge? Seriously? It's a straight line in a 2D view, how do you fall off? There is no depth to fall from!Me: Go collect that stuff.Dwarf: I'm tired.Me: Go rest.Dwarf: No bed.Me: Okay, you need wool, go kill that sheep.Dwarf: I'm tired.Me: ... Fine, don't sleep.Dwarf: Oops, I fell.Me: How do I craft this thing?Game: Make this picture with stuff.Me: Dragging things one at a time?Game: Of course! The more time you spend in the inventory, the less time you spend building or worrying about the dwarves jumping from your bridges!Dwarf: Oops, I fell.Me: Dude, go put some sand and dirt under the bridge.Dwarf: I'm tired."
76561198026908390,Recommended,248390,32647813,Posted: 22 June,all,orcef,"One of the few games I have been able to play for years. Normally I'll get really into a game for a week or a month or occasionaliy even a year, but CTW has always been a game I could come back to."
,Recommended,248390,9818539,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,iGZ`Mumzhar,"One of the most fun(*) and enjoyable game I played since a few years. It involves lots of dwarves mining, crafting, drinking and striking the earth together. Good replayability and different challenges depending of the world you are in. Example : ice world => no apple, need to thaw the snow and ice to get water, snow falls recovering the lands and buildings, farming underground...One of the most finished game available for early access. Regular and numerous updates and bugfixes.* : you know Dwarf Fortress' definition of fun, don't you ?"
76561197990188583,Recommended,248390,17550835,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Sinatr,"Very nice combination of Terraria and Lemmings. I definitely recommend, it's very casual, relaxing and enjoyable game with nice graphics, sounds and music.Cons:- AI need some work, the way how AI select which dwarf do what is crappy, very annoying thing is to order dwarves to attack enemy, seems AI just remember the destination and until dwarves reach it, they ignore anything (aka other enemies on the way, or even that enemy if he moves, dwarves just keep running ><);- Some things are not easy to discover and they definitely needs to be in tutorial with a good explanation: deconstructing, farm + trap, comfort level, professions...- AI basic control of dwarves is not the best one, it would be much better to select dwarf and give him an order (or even set of orders), portal spell is a good way to set priority (because dwarves always choose the job close to stock and portal ""move"" that point to stock in reachability).- Some predefinition are wrong or missing clear hints: level at which tree grows, at which snow falls, at which anything grows in cave. Digging one tile lower and suggenly you have no more resource (as wood or grown food) to replenish. E.g. different earth color placed by player could indicate that.- Grow rate is broken and annoying: tree may keep instantly grow at place where previous one was chopped, preventing that peace from digging, there must be a delay at given tile after removing resource from it, will it be a tree, bush, mushroom, crystal, etc.- Teleport spell should cost 1 mana and last longer, this is the only right way in the game to travel. On large map it become very annoying to move dwarves back/forth (it take too long to travel), elevator is bugged, train is not reliable and required investments (inculuding time), which not worth it.- Even after finishing game I have NO CLUE how many resources can one dwarf pick up or what 100 archery does. Tooltip and ingame help is way too casual.- Balance issue (archery is the only way to go, melee makes health management more intense, while magic is simply not reliable), swarms of enemies required escaping until tesla tech, then BAM, they are not a problem anymore at all suddenly and further gameplay become less intense (and more boring).Pros:- It's simply beauteful game with variaty of activities.- Company, while consists from only 4 maps is in fact quite a long journey: every map is different, brings something new and each map took for me 30+ hours (!) to finish."
,Recommended,248390,13947016,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,VG Purist,"The Ugly:  UI is extremely clunky where you have to manually drag and drop items to craft objectsThe Bad:  If you're not ready for the long haul, games and progression will take a long time to complete (40 hours on one area) This could be a plus if you're looking for something to really pass the time with.The Good:  Pretty fun and addicting if you are able to look past the 2 above.http://youtu.be/TR5QmN_seBA"
,Recommended,248390,8513526,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,RooksGambit,"What happens when you cross an RPG, an RTS, Lemmings and Terraria? Fun! That's what happens.Craft the World has you controlling a group of Dwarves, a group that will grow over time. You begin by researching a tech tree and building a home. After that you can keep expanding on the home while exploring the world for valuable resources and treasure.Each dwarf has an inventory where you can place items such as armor, weapons and tools. Each item can be crafted with upgrades available as you progress the tech tree and more resources become available. Each dwarf also has a set of skills which can also be increased by finding skill books throughout the world.While you build, research, craft and explore, the game will send periodic waves of assaults on your new Dwarven home. Each wave is advertised with a countdown timer so you have time to build defenses, set traps and prepare.All in all, Craft the World is a completely unique and thoroughly enjoyable experience. Recommended without hesitation."
76561198029178396,Not Recommended,248390,24274833,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Myst,"I really, really enjoyed playing this game, but after 30 hours the bugs and the half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥programming becomes unbearable.I have to stress this: This game is great fun! It's like any other Sandbox game, but with better graphics.The game has been out for years and yet it's very obvious mistakes are still not fixed, addtionally a DLC was released which on the one hand features new content, but on the other hand it contains basic things, which should be included in the game anyway (we all know that kind of DLC).About the game:You order your pack of dwarfes to do various and all kinds of quests, gathering and processing resources mostly. The processing becomes more advanced throughout the game, just as the fighting. The graphics are sweet, the music alright and theme specific. There are different biomes and there is much to explore, although it's kind of all the same, after a while (unlike Terraria).Now the bugs/annoying things:Dwarfes sometimes won't do anything, instead of carrying out pending tasks, which is really annoying.Dwarfes fail to find a way back, even if there is no obstacle hindering them (e.g. a portal is above them, on a block and they won't climb upwards in order to reach it).Dwarfes cannot attack certain foes 1v1, if the enemy is one block above -> the knock back will cancel their attack, thus a Yeti can kill a dwaf with end game armor/weapons.Sometimes Dwarfs stay in/enter a fight with low health, which results in quick death.Not bugs, but just annoying parts of the game:The crafting system: Where to start? You have to follow the technology tree and in order to build the better stuff, you have to go through a lot of redundant bad stuff, every single time you enter a new world. You always have to build a lot of furniture/vanity items, which drains your resources and you don't need that many, not - at - all. You end up with a lot of items, which you have no use for, never had.Furthermore you have to drag and drop the crafting recipes every single time you are on a new map: Once you crafted the item, the pattern is safed, but if you enter a new map, you have to do it all over again.Dwarfes have perks, like miner, cook, fisherman etc. which allows them to fulfill certain tasks faster! But when there are any number of tasks queued, dwarfes fulfil them randomly and then the fisherman ends up mining, while the miner ends up fishing -> the perk system, a core feature of the game = uselessYou cannot prioritize certain tasks, which makes it hard to keep all dwarfes busy, while at the same time have the important tasks done!Often Dwarfes won't pick up goods/resources and instead they will do -> 'nothing' again!(TL,DR)In conclusion I have to say that the game is definitly not worth 20€, though you may buy it if it's on discount. It is playable, but not for too long, it gets repetitive and the bugs will become very apparent and annoying.Highly addictive at first, but that wears off, after a while. Great for Terraria-players!"
,Recommended,248390,14293264,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Cilerium,"Craft The World is an amazing game. It's challenging, it has depth, and allows the player to just dig in, have fun, and design their little world pretty much how they want it. I've logged 100+ hours already. My only gripe is that in spite of the best efforts of the developers, the little dwaves are frustratingly stupid. However, since the devs are aware of that fact (likely, painfully so), it's something that is very easily overlooked."
,Not Recommended,248390,31027356,Posted: 8 April,all,Ole Greg,"Craft the World: 6-7/10.-4 World types to build the ultimate dwarf fortress.-Each world has it's own unique dangers and environmental challenges.-Each time you get a certain amount of experience points, you get 1 more dwarf (up to 13 I believe) and unlock new things to craft.Con: A very poor crafting system. Each recipes has to be hand placed the first time, before you're allowed to mass produce an item. When you have dozen upon dozens of crafting recipes these can be very irriating. Plus the craft tree made you have to craft every recipe to get to the higher ones, with the game progression this often meant having useless gear that just needed to be crafted to get to the next tier of crafting. Mindless grind.Con: Complete lack of a storyline, even though story like elements appear in the game.Con: Each dwarf has three skills that can be leveled up. Although those skills don't seem to actually benefit the dwarf in any noticeable way. Nor are the dwaves drawn to their choosen profession. Just because a dwarf is a logger, doesn't mean they'll be the ones cutting the trees down (and again the skills don't actually add anything).Con: And this is huge. While the game doesn't take up much space, every time they come out with a new DLC, it automatically downloads into your game and needs to be unlocked (purchased) to be used.  And what's more the DLC's all seem to be a feature that should have been part of the initial game. For instances one DLC allows for faster dwarves that look vaguely female. Another allows for multiplayer. If you're going to download it onto my computer, and then require me to buy a feature that should have come out with the normal game, it's going to♥♥♥♥♥♥some people off. Honestly while I'm normally against pirating games these DLC's make me want to break those personal rules.Conclusion: I know I've listed mostly con's, and if you can pickup this game at a large discount I'd recommend buying it to try if you like sandbox games. But overall it's a very shallow game. It has a tablet game type feel that tried to be a real PC game and failed horribly.Overall with the fact it automatically downloads the DLC without purchasing the game and then requires you to unlock it, when the DLC should have been a normal feature of the game instead of a ""we want more money"" DLC; has me thinking I'm going to avoid games coming from this company in the future.A side note to the Dekovir Entertainment. Here's a suggestions for a future game DLC. Call it the ""Options"" DLC. For just 10 bucks you get the ability to adjust sound settings, maybe change screen resolutions."
,Recommended,248390,18538501,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Aurumlamina,"Though not a Game of the Year by any means, Craft the World is a fun game that will keep you entertained in short bursts.  It can be best described as Terraria if it were an RTS where you were in charge of a tribe of dwarves instead of just your hero and, of course, there was significantly less content to discover.Your tasks in the game include gathering resources, feeding and caring for your dwarves, researching technologies, building defensive structures, and digging deeper and deeper.  Each and every dwarf is an individual with skills that can be learned and improved and equipment that can be upgraded as you develop the technology and acquire the neccessary resources t ocraft it.  Though it was exciting to acquire new technology, it was often tedious working through the previous tech to fill your research bar as you are required to craft the same three or four items many, many times.Though it is enjoyable and I believe that it is worth it at a sale price under $10, the game does grow old rather quickly and, if you're anything like me, you'll find yourself burning out toward the end of the first of five worlds.  I recommend this for fans of resource gathering and building games (Terraria/Minecraft), though, as stated earlier, it is more of an RTS as you are in charge of several dwarves at a time."
,Recommended,248390,19018395,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,moira.dawn,"This game has ruined my life...I got it as a gift for my father knowing he'll like it, using my account, as I didn't think I'd need to create an account for him; how foolish I have been...I have now lost access to my laptop, as he is obsessed with the game.He loves the game, and from what I see and hear, it's totally worth it. The game is challenging, though.I will probably update the review when my father decides to tell me his views on the game."
,Recommended,248390,11573274,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Viss Valdyr,"This game deserves to be looked at. Made by a russian developer, this game doesn't fall short.Pro:+ updates, Updates, UPDATES! This developer stands for early access, this game never laggs behind and delivers new content on a very common basis.+ Gameplay: this game is morelike, you give orders, and somedwarf will do it. If you dig for this ""indirect commanding"" this is your thing... if not... take controll of the dwarf and do it yourself.+ Progression: there are many things to achieve, enough to build and enough to kill.+ ""Settler-effect"": you can see those little dwarfs running around your monitor, and watch them doing the housework.Neutral:* Grafics: it's a matter of taste, if you love this tableski style of game, alright, if you want battlefield-4-grafic's engine... well, tough luck* Progression: You can't craft everything ""right away"" you need to, build enough of the previous items in the ""itemlist""... it's not for everyone's taste.* Sound: also matter of taste, I switched off both right away (snoring dwarfs... snoring dwarfs everywhere)Negative:- routing and object-retrieving: it's still not very polished, right now. Still some issues with the ""item-grabbing"" from far away. You can't tell a dwarf to ""pick something"" up.... he has to do it himself.- no defined jobs: While now dwarfs have skills, it's still not save to give a attack order, and believing, just melee dwarfs (or archers), will get to it. No, gueriilia-style. You can loose your best miner/workshoper, when he fails to retrait.- skills are only gained, if they know the basics. They CAN use the item (cooking-base, while no cook is around), but won't gain any skills; while a cook would get some. New skills can only be unlocked with books. There are pretty rare.Overall: Solid game, worth the money and effort. If you are not sure, wait for the next sale to come up. I recomment it fully!"
,Recommended,248390,12590038,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,☭Mourning Star☭,"My eyes are hurting, because my first session of this game lasted 12 hours.  It's like crack!"
,Recommended,248390,7815754,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Michael Wilson,"Warning:The following was written during Update 0.9.006. [Prior to 12/1/2013]0.9.007 Introduced key updates which show improvement and updates, including a sandbox mode.----Warning: The following was composed while the game was released inAlpha 0.1.0.IntroductionCraft The World, the beta has a great deal of potential; it highly depends how the development of the beta goes to see if I would recommend this game when its finished.There are many features of this game which are interesting; it is just that the methodologies of the features are really monotonous.GraphicsYou’ll notice that most of the games graphics look highly polished in a nice 2Dish format.InterfaceThe interface is highly cumbersome, there is only one direct toolbar to utilize things, place things, and cast spells. Otherwise you are working with a really cumbersome menu system to either equip, craft things, view objectives. With all honestly at the current stages of development it feels like much more time was spent on giving it a glossy look rather then utility of the interface; like this game was made for a tablet, or a touch device. My opinion is it that is lacks greatly in the interface and should utilize an in-game expendable interface, expand the quick slots and expend the use of shortcut keys. This happens to be one of my current gripes with the game, same with the Dwarves AI, Crafting and Materials.Sounds / MusicSound can start to be annoying after a while, which is fine. Music has a problem where it just stops playing until you either exit and resume the game or exit completely and start it again.CraftingAdvancing you have to follow these blueprint tree layouts, which means you have to build useless things a good amount of the time to advance. Within this case it would benefited from a type of freeform of crafting or trees which actually make sense. One of the examples of this is, early game you can gain access to materials for better weapons and armor. However you are unable to actually build them until you craft the other things to build them; which are completely unrelated.It should be noted that many resources are highly used however are rare or hard to get too. Which makes the early stages of the game completely unbalanced, which will be noted below.DwarvesGenerally the Dwarves have their own ideas about things, this concept is generally alright; worst part is the AIs decision making process; it is extremely hard to affect until later in the game. Currently the AI likes to run off and basically die on whims, until you are able to advance up the crafting tree; however that make take 30+ minutes to actually have the Dwarves somewhat manageable.The first 30 minutes or more of the game you should expect to lose Dwarves a good amount since you will not be able to properly equip them, or deal with the feeding system. Path finding for the Dwarves can be problematic also; the portal spell they tend to ignore. You are also able to take control of a dwarf however that does not do you much good and the interface seems to be rather ‘make shift’, at an attempt to fix their path finding from being broken.Also feeding them, you’ll find the AI will refuse to eat the same things over again; this becomes a problem since you have limited resources and must advance up the crafting tree.HousingThe housing system is interesting with the comfort concept, however it is far to easy to create problems with it, or the totems all and all stop function until the game is restarted. For the most part of the game, you will just have a wood house and walls since you have to horde materials to move up the crafting system to actually build anything good, or make it so your dwarves do not up and die. So currently do not expect your house to be really grand until you wasted a good amount of time hording materials. Housing and comfort items needs to be in their own tree of advancementMonstersThe monsters are alright, late game they still cause problems due to general AI decision failures. There is also the problem they can become overwhelmed easily. Monster waves are currently broken to the point that you can make it so your house is level with the rest of the ground with two doors and build everything downwards or upwards. By doing this the wave will either come from the left or right and you can position all your dwarves inside with bows and just fire from the inside. This will disrupt the mob from breaking the door and killing them over time.SpellsThe spells need to be in their own tree and should be completely revamped. It takes far too much time to actually make them useful, beyond the portal spell. The light spell is useless early game until you start abusing it to find materials underground. The growth spell is useless; you can just basically craft a line of flat dirt and have better results and not waste mana. Fireball is received to late in the game due to the crafting system.ConclusionHopefully while the game progresses things change before the end of beta.Work HistoryUpdated: Dec 09, 2015 @2:58pmFormattingAdded Work History.None of the complied review text was changed."
,Recommended,248390,13090856,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Armani,"Edit: Reviewed for Multiplayer Below.If you love giving orders to minions, watching them build a shelter and defend themselves, and then proceed to build an industry to survive in an unkind world you'll love this game.In all honesty, one of the very few early access games I would rate highly. Its fantastic at what it does, and it gets regular touch ups to fix bugs (at this point). I've played since it was a much earlier beta, and I can safely say the game has definitely improved over time (except maybe the font, which used to be much simpler and more elegant).The developers have also recently added multiplayer to the game, and I'm going to be blunt: its not great. Not to say its not fun, its more like its rather... unusual. Coop is fun especially if you get to spend it with friends. Versues is ... uh... rubbish? It would be fun if it wasn't so mind breakingly boring to watch I guess. Its odd, building up to fight is fun and strategic, actually fighting is a cross between trench warfare patience and looney toons violence. Its not ideal. PVP isn't really worth mentioning to be honest. I just pretend it doesn't exist.Personally would rate 8/10. Its not action packed, but for a lazy building game its ideal. Great singleplayer game, passable multiplayer game (its about average, lets be fair). Would easily bump up with the inclusion of slightly more content (for example: pets/farm animals, real risk attacks, prayer system [to get additional mana, by sending dwarves to pray], higher difficulty, more items, etc.).------------------------Edit: Would honestly rate it closer to 7 out of 10 right now. As the game has developed theres been a few things which have stood out to me as existing problems. These are as follows:1) The largest flaw the tech tree. It is extremely grindy. You essentially are forced to produce garbage that you wouldn't want or need normally, and produce a lot of it. Should be an unlock system where you produce 2 or 3 of the items in that block and it unlocks the next tier.Now not to hammer this point home too hard, but this turns what otherwise would be a fantastic building and survival game into basically a furious grind at time. You grind for resources to proceed through the tech tree. You produce mountains of things you don't want or care about. That is the reality of the tech tree in Craft the World.2) Dwarf AI is better, but still leaves something to desire. This is sorta a nuetral point honestly, I dial up the speed to 2x so I don't have to deal with it normally, and when I do its easy to control one and do it myself. Recently, the focus has been to fix it, and its gotten much better.3) This might just be me, but the store really needs to be focused on more. Would be nice to have an ability to turn 10 mana into one gold just to get some money to replenish unobtainable materials. Lot of maps where I just simply ran out of coal for cooking or had to resort to waiting on minion waves to get money to buy basic metals because I couldn't find any. For example, the elevator requires a wheel, a bit of gold, and some other things I can't be bothered to remember. And its basically a must buy - no question about it. Building 10 of them though gets to be expensive on rare resources."
,Recommended,248390,13062299,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,KawaSeadrake,"If you want a short summary, this game isn't anything special, but it IS fun and worthwhile if you're willing to be patient. The main problem is it's relatively slow-paced and all its flaws make it SLOWER.  If you like games like Banished, this might be up your alley.  If you're looking for something where you can get a fully functional base up and running in an hour or two, pass this one up.The good:-The art style and graphics.  You can tell a lot of love and care went into making this both look and sound cute and pretty.-The overall idea.  It really does combine a lot of what made Dungeon Keeper and Terraria good.  A healthy amount of variety in what you can build and encounter, enough differences in the maps to make different environments stick out, etc.The bad:-The AI... has character.  Dwarves are prone to hesitating, double-taking and getting confused on occasion.  It's not nearly bad enough to ruin a game but don't be surprised if one or two of them die simply because they backed into a corner, then just stood there taking a beating.-The dwarves have to actually pick up items and carry them back to your stockpile after harvesting, mining, etc.  They can only carry 3-5 at a time depending on how you equip them.  This isn't a big deal at the beginning of a level, but the further away they need to go the longer it takes.  They walk at a leisurely pace, and while there IS a teleport spell to make things easier, it isn't perfect, and it costs mana, which also regenerates slowly.-The difficulty curve.  It's a halfpipe.  The vast majority of the enemies, while plenty dangerous in the very beginning, can be dispatched by a determined horde with leather armor and maces with relative ease.  What passes for 'mid tier' enemies are generally only found in the most dangerous places on a map, and the one legit endgame monster species can send even the best-prepared army running for their beds, battered and bruised.The downright ugly:-The tech tree.  In the campaign mode, you advance through the tiers and learn new recipes by crafting a set amount of components, tools, etc. in a particular category.  Sometimes it's intuitive, you need to forge iron weapons to get the knowhow for steel.  More often, and especially in the mid-late game, it's ridiculously arbitrary.  For instance, you'll have to make precious vases in order to make stone sculptures to build battlements to weave yarn to build couches to FINALLY get that shiny silver sword you've been eyeballing.  And all that decorative crap you just made?  Well, if you weren't planning on using any of it, you've just spent a ton of resources and hours of time making things that are just gonna sit in your stockpile.  Because of this, worlds that should realstically take 5 or 6 hours to complete take like 10.So would I recommend it?  Well... yes, if you've a lot of free time on your hands and a lot of patience.  I got this half-off, and frankly 8 bucks, even for a deeply flawed gem, ain't bad."
76561198006941995,Not Recommended,248390,21651705,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,joboscribe,"Why, you might ask, am i not going to recommend a game that i have played for (so far) roughly 150 hours? Well, most of my complaints are similar to others who've reviewed the game, but i'll enumerate them all the same.Firstly, i found the UI to be either merely acceptable at best and cumbersome at worst on the PC. Why make me click and drag to craft things for the first time? It feels like an attempt to copy similar mechanics from similar games, but here it feels much more forced.Secondly, controlling the dwarves is extremely frustrating, as there is no way to assign particular dwarves to particular tasks or particular types of work. Designate an area to get tunneled out and it's anyone's guess which dwarf will actually get started on it. Have an enemy at the door no one's paying attention to? Well, you could click on it to tell your dwarves to attack it, but then everyone nearby will drop whatever they're doing (or carrying) and run over to attack it.Lastly, the portals feel like a failed attempt at applying some pressure to the player. In the beginning they're not bad and maybe even a bit fun in that i get to watch my dwarves beat up some undead, but eventually they're simply something that i have to sit through for several minutes so that i can get back to business.So why have i played it so much? Because i bought it and sometimes italmostscratches a particular itch i have. That and my kids enjoy it.But, overall, whenever i play it i just wish it were better."
76561198126531915,Recommended,248390,9318992,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Cinnamon Bun,"This game is good, it feels like ants when you go underground which is awesome. I like the night setting and visbility of the underground caverns needing light. This game is worth getting. At first I was a bit frustrated with the AI and a couple of other things so left for a week, decided to give it another crack and was suprised the developer added such needed and major (imo) changes. The developer does listen and is helpful in getting this game to where it needs to be; polished. Being early access it's just gonna keep getting better. So hang in there if you like it now, I hope this game goes far. It's worth the wait.The changes with the tech tree being able to see and craft specific things more specifically feels like it opens up the game ALOT more, like now I can say this games for me. I'm crafting that because I'm want to not because I have to. I like the new AI it seems alot smoother but will keep an eye on it as it progresses.All in all, if you ever liked the game Sim Ant, or Plants vs Zombies this is for you. Have no regrets with my purchase and glad to see how things become of this already awesome game. Two thumbs up."
,Recommended,248390,7719570,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,DasMatze,"Great game, very polished and complete for an early access game!"
76561198072017110,Recommended,248390,30519569,Posted: 14 March,all,Ssenkrad_II,"@600 hours the game deserves an upvote from myself...1. First 10-20 hours you will love everything about Craft the World2. Next 20-40 hours as your dwarfs get further away from home and the enemy waves get harder you will be suicidal*some might drop out at this point, ♥♥♥♥♥ about the AI and leave a negative review*3. Next 50-600 hours you learn how to work with dwarf AI while countering all wavesIf you like base building, colony style, tower defense style games you will get your money's worth out of this game, period (20 hours). If you have the patience and brain power this game could become your ""go to time sink veg out game""  for the next 500+ hours."
76561198101666749,Recommended,248390,28295935,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,irwin.ciara,"Absolutly love coming home from a long day of work to play some Craft The World, its challenging while not being too difficult."
,Recommended,248390,32579659,Posted: 19 June,all,Yoyi,"This game is more than worth it for the cost. Yes, dwarf AI is pretty dumb but it adds an extra layer of challenge.Do not get it expecting a masterpiece of base building gameplay. But it is a very fun, casual builder to pass the time."
76561198022606111,Recommended,248390,14386800,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Sokkezus,"First of all, if you do not enjoy games with levels that take several hours (or days at higher levels) to complete, Craft the World is not for you. However, if you are a patient player enjoying the more long-term building games, then Craft the World is a very fun and addictive game that gets you hooked for hours. You dig your tunnels, collect resources, build your stronghold and fend off attackers. Although the UI could do with some updating for the PC version, having played the game on both PC and tablet, both are very fun and easy to play."
,Recommended,248390,13076303,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,BigAzzKrow,"Looks a lot like games such as Terraria and Starbound, but plays more like a Dwarf Fortress/Dwarfs?!, macromanagement style of game. It's a lot more fun than I expected and I have fairly high expectations for its future."
76561197963348938,Recommended,248390,12691747,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Ducati,"This is the game I wanted Minecraft, Terrarira and Dwarf Fortress to be.With a steady and constant state of progression, tons to explore and discover, colourful and polished artstyle and a huge and intuitive tech tree this game gives you buckets of creative freedom and is well worth playing."
76561198063291142,Recommended,248390,13753366,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,yansolo814,"I did nothing but mine day in and day out. Everyday was a fight for survival. I must put food on the table or everyone would starve. Every night we were attacked by countless enemies surrounding our home. When will this end? The attacks never stop, but we must continue fighting. I dig deeper seeking precious stones and metals. Everyone is tired and injured and hungry. When will this all end? Our destiny is revealed now, we have found a purpose. We have to decide if we step into the next world or stay and rebuild what has been taken from us."
76561198064322239,Not Recommended,248390,24146944,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Butterlord,"Fun game for a time, eventually I realised that the vast majority of resources in the game are non-renewable, which coupled with the lack of any sort of dismantle/scrap function, ultimately killed the game for me. Also the game seems to lack replayability since the maps are semi-samey and the gameplay doesn't change.Ultimately still enjoyable and you should try it if it's on sale but don't expect to play a single game forever, so if that's what you like to do, try something else first.Edit1: As Corsaer thankfully pointed out in the comments, there is a scrap/dismantle function. However not everything can be dismantled, Edit3: thanks to mad_myke for letting me know that any item crafted in multiples can't be scrapped.Edit2: The ai in it's current state needs work, dwarves often don't listen when ordering them to rest and won't consistently rest on their own. In addition, could use an option to have dwarves drop everything in their pack (Items theyre carrying not the ones they have equipped) when running back home to rest since a full pack slows them down significantly. Extremely frustrating to have your best dwarves die this way."
76561197991399408,Recommended,248390,12332946,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Cricketz,"At first I thought it was going to be a waste of my time, now all I do is waste my time on this game!There is alot more to it then first meets the eye. Balancing deffensives, food harvesting, general material harvesting (mining and such) and much more, really keeps you busy and wanting more.It IS a slow-ish pace game to start off, and feels like you're going nowhere for the first bit untill you start getting about 10+ Dwarfs, but then it starts kicking in and you're getting things done.A lot more planning and thinking goes in to this then originally thought, take care of your resources, plan around them, or you might just find yourself in a delema and hard pressed to get out of it :)"
76561197966721701,Recommended,248390,25711900,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Father Ribs,"I have almost 500 hours played for this game.  It has some fiddly bits, but I think there is plenty to reccomend this.I'm not sure exactly how I would describe it; ""town builder lite""?  It is an excellent game for wasting a few hours then putting it away until you get the bug again.  It is great comfort food, and if you pick it up on sale price, you're getting a great deal.The main con up front:  Pathfinding can be annoying...especially as you fill the earth with miles of tunnels and shafts.  This can be alleviated by closing off old paths you don't use anymore, and putting thought into just how you develop your ""settlement"" and mining.  It is not game breaking, but it can be annoying when you want one thing done and the dwarves instead run across the map to pick up a loose stone.There is a large tech tree, which you advance by making whatever is cutting edge at the time.  There are multiple tiers of armor, tools, weapons, structural components and acrhitectural items.  Dwarves themselves have up to three skills each, so you should put thought into what skills you give them.  Skills make a big difference and also affect which dwarves get sent to do which tasks.  Between gear and skills you can make dwarves very effective if you plan them out.You can directly control one dwarf at a time, and that is very useful for speed purposes (especially since they don't have to run back to a stockpile to grab items you want them to place on the map), but in general, you set up tasks and the dwarves do for themselves.  You explore, do a LOT of mining, build, cook, fight, and perform other tasks.  Your ""goal"" is to  build a transport gate from one world to the next.  There are multiple worlds, and each provides some interesting twists.  There's a generic world, also an ice, desert, and underdark-type maps.  There are also escalating enemy attacks that portal in every (45 minutes?) that you have to prepare for.Overall, this is a nice addition to your game stable if you would like a break from more complex town sims.  I also like that graphically it is clean and attractive, which many of the popular town sims are not."
76561198011705247,Recommended,248390,13634123,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ntkach,"Very, very good!  One of the first games in several years that's kept my attention for longer than an hour or too!  Highly recommend both this and its recent iOS port!  Opinion heading downhill.  It's great and I'm still playing, but it seems like the developers have slowed way, way down in making any kind of improvements to the dwarf ""AI"".  The choices the dwarves make seem to get dumber with every game."
76561197978770722,Not Recommended,248390,13151057,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Warlock Kepy,"A game of Dwarfs, huh? Well, let's take a look at.First of all I must point out, that while this game is quite interesting — I had a difficult decision on whether It should be recommend or not. There are good sides to it - it's quite fun, that good ol' fun.Not ever since minecraft had digging into the mother Earth's crust to be such a delightful way to spend some time over a game. It's just like terraria, except that instead of one goof you control a whole bunch of em! And they don't cope with you well! Think of dwarf fortress, indeed like the game states, but increase the IQ of your minions by two handfuls of fairy dust, add a splash of hair balm and there you have it - Dwarf Terrarius! If you're a fan of such games — you should give this one a try.Next stop on our list is — the way you command. Just with one push of a button you send out your minions to chop, dig, fish and slaughter in your Godly appendage! Yeah, there isn't much complexity into it, as far as I got - one click and there ya go, no Blaze blue combo memory required.Step number three — crafting! The tech tree is quite big. It contain plenty of stuff that will help you turn your dwarfs into raging digging machines filled with roasted fish, salads and beer.But like the good sides of this game there are a few bad ones, especially for me, which later from just bad turned out to be extremely frustrated.The tech tree. Yes! I know, I just said that crafting was a good thing. B---u---t.... it also makes it a bad one. From the start you can see the whole tech tree, so you won't get any surprises at all. You can take a peek at what goodies you'll be getting in the end. Not to mention that a lot of tech is just an upgrade of previously used one, as with weapons, cooking or furniture - it just gets improved a bit.  Oh, and to finish the game you pretty much just need to develop all the tech tree to the end. And each time it's just the same - chop, build easy sheit and then build enough of it to get tech to make improved sheit. After one level you can pretty much turn the table and say - I beat Craft the World. Go take a sip of champagne, slice the celebration cake - you are the winner! «Can't you beat the game without improving all the tech to max?» - you'll say? No. No you cannot do that. The problem is that at the end you need mithril bars to make parts of the gate to go to another level. Not to mention that the recopies for those are dropped from an extremely deadly mob that, frankly, goes down fast if you use mithril weapons on him. But they are way back at the end of tech tree.Developing the tech tree is frustrating as well, especially on the first level. The amounts of recourses you're needed to build up the tech tree is just azz. Not sure how others play, but I found myself lacking those a lot. I just had to dig over almost the entire map to get enough to acquire some mithril and then just send out my dwarfs to murder and get murdered by the guardians of the gate recopies. That's how frustrated I was, just rushing, to finish that 12,5 hour long game which was going out at 2x speed most of the time. And I don't have anything about long games. But this game isn't long, it just psz you off by making you have to dig all the map over, chop/rechop thousands of trees to get the tech levels up and gear.And it's not necessary. Not at all. I'm not even kidding, there actually isn't much of ""world crafting"". Not at all. The first level in all its ""glory"" will be your bane. You can't send out dwarfs to ""chop trees"", you need to click every single tree (or right-click swipe em) to get those lumbers down. Then you wait for those to grow back or use magic to grow some at an instant. And then you can sit back to recover your mana for a couple of real life hours.You can't just build fun stuff, you need to develop tech, and you develop it by making useless, not needed, simply wasted items you'll barely use.  At the end my stockpile was filled with loads and loads of sheit like traps, cages, etc... which consumed a ton of resources and didn't do much favor in return, other than increasing the tech-o-meter.The lack of resources is another thing — there are certain resources that are limited on the first level that much, that it will make you pull your hair out of your nostrils due to that. Especially iron and coal... oh God... and trees.... It will make you rage. Oh, and those recourses are required by a lot. A lot of tech uses it and as we all know - you can't win without tech!In the end I decided on placing a ""don't recommend"" on it. The game is hard, but it's that very bad type of hard here. It's not difficult, but it turns the game into a routine. You just do sheit over and over most of the time, thus increasing your playtime by a whole god damn much. And it's not fun. DF was fun, because loosing was fun! In here you just don't get much fun. The game is a jack of all trades but a master of none, it took juicy parts of cult games, mixed it up with their creativity and in the end that sweet, sweet cocktail, that should go layered is just mixed up into brownish liquid. Cheers!SO currently it's not worth it to get the game, maybe later it will work out but now- go download DF and lose fun!"
76561197997488189,Recommended,248390,8638925,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Jorge-De-La-Selva,"Ignore for a moment the fact that this games visual presentation gives the impression of an Iphone app. Once you've set that aside, this game turned out to be a shockingly good building title in which you grow your force of dwarves from obscurity to prominence. The tech tree is enormous, there's loads of gear to craft, furniture to be whittled, and more than enough randomness to keep the gameplay tongue in cheek. I came into it expecting very little, and ended up publishing a full series through my youtube channel on it simply because I felt like Craft the World had snuck under most people's radars. I'm glad I gave it a chance, and would urge others to do so as well. In all respects it's a fun, lightweight civ management title.8.5 / 10"
76561198005255981,Recommended,248390,13024913,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Twisted Gray,"Craft the World is a mining/building game.  In it, you play a clan of Dwarves who must brave the elements and the local hostile fauna to find the Great Portal and escape... to a bigger, scarier planet where you do it all again...This is a 2D side-scroller like Terraria. Unlike Terraria, the graphics are designed to be slick and gorgeous, rather than deliberately retro. Your characters are adorbable, grumpy little Dwarves, each with a special name, look, outfit and job. You can have cooks, miners, climbers, swimmers, fishers, mages, lumberjacks, etc. They go about the world collecting resources so you can help them build their fortress/castle/home in the manner you see fit. And yes, you really ""Craft the World."" Crafting is the major goal of this game. You can play in craft-tree mode, adventure mode or sandbox mode, learning each new crafting recipe and building your repetoire of wonderous items you can make, from armor and weapons, decorative building blocks, furniture, foods, potions all the way up to a Tesla device to help fight off hordes of rampaging skeletons (or mummies, or yetis... or goblins...)You can equip each Dwarf with items you have them craft, bettering their skills for their jobs, and protecting them from baddies. You can also take control of an individual Dwarf to speed up the building process if you like. There are also several magic spells you can use to help out your merry band of Dwarves, such as magic portals, fireballs, magic imps who will help them carry resources back to the stockpile, and more. The maps range from small/med/large (sort of like Terraria.)The first time I played the game I said to myself ""this is only in BETA?"" It looked finished to me. Then Dekovir, the creators, kept on adding new content... tweaking AIs, finding and fixing glitches... It's a blast, and I highly recommend it.Gameplay - 7.5/10Visuals - 8/10Sound - 6/10Replay Value - 10/10"
76561198185539566,Recommended,248390,28383438,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Tim Stryker,"Very good game all around & is pretty much what youd expect & hope for from a game like this & is mostly what youd expect from watching the store vids of it.  Wont bother going into great detail on all the pros/cons as many other reviews nail it pretty well.I will say in brief summary that for what this game does & is sposed to be & advertises itself as ( excluding MP ), it does it very well & is one of those very actual few games out of the vast majority that does manage to pull it all together very nicely & makes the single player quite enjoyable & fun to play & gives you that worthwhile feeling.The 2 main cons I can think of that to me are really worth mentioning are that yes; the game does kinda get a bit stale & repetitive after completing one level & then jumping into the next level.  Different environments but basically like 90% the exact same thing as previous levels; really just feels like starting over from scratch & rebuilding & redoing everything all over again, just to complete that level & once again do it all over again on the next level & so on.  Not quite as bland as that may sound, but for me, wasnt enough for me to want to keep progressing through each level.Which brings up the 2nd most prevalent con to this game.  When there was talk about MP being added, myself & many others were very interested & really looking forward to the exciting new life that MP would breath into this already good but somewhat repetitive & eventually boring single player game...but then it happened...this games version of MP was released & ended up disappointing a great many players & causing quite a bit of upset & disappointment.The MP that was added was not what most of us were waiting for & wanting & expecting & hoping for & instead was made so that you have to play single player a while & then can shortly thereafter join up with another random player from their own single player campaign & then play one of a few random, isolated solo mission maps together, completely outside & separate from your own individual main campaign maps...While this version of MP was definitely somewhat unique & original, it felt like & still feels like, that should have really just been added after, & only after, Real proper online MP coop campaign/sandbox mode was put into place first.  But this is the MP we ended up with & to date, real MP has not been added & may not ever be.Its understandable that the devs designed this game to be single player focused from the beginning & not coded from the ground up to easily be real MP friendly, but its still a shame & to me will always be a bit of a blemish, on an otherwise pretty solid & well made, fun game to play.  Theres been a few improvements to the originally introduced version of this games version of MP from what Ive read, but to me & a lot of others, just still isnt enough to make me care about it, as it just isnt the MP that many of us really wanted for this game.That all being said, this is still a pretty solid, pretty good game & most people cant go wrong with this game & should still give most people many hours of enjoyment from the single player end of things, for those that like games like this to begin with.  Despite the couple of main flaws, this game still does a lot of other things quite right.........for single player mode anyways...also seems to be quite a few posts about bugs & other related issues from some people, but it seems maybe those are mostly isolated issues for a select few people out of the vast majority.  Out of the 100+ hours, I cant recall a single game breaking issue or even small bug that occurred that even made me think twice about it or ever took away from the gameplay experience.All important single player gameplay aspects combined scorewise; Good solid 8/10 Id say."
,Recommended,248390,9240382,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Deadlock,"This game has restored my faith in Early Access / paid beta releases, so Godus, FortressCraft, Space Engineers, Castle Story and Kinetic Void take note: this is how it's done and you are shamed by it - if you are asking for money, try giving people a game like this one, that is actually playable. Although not fully featured yet, Craft the World is highly polished with excellent music, character design and attention to detail. Gameplay is highly addictive - if you like RTS or other micromanagement games but thought Terraria was a steaming pile of pants, you'll find that this game is what you were missing. My only wish is that it were voxel-based. Craft the World 2?"
76561198004497065,Not Recommended,248390,29344050,Posted: 18 January,all,coralvanda,"This game was fun initially, but the repetitive nature of harvest > research > upgrade quickly became stale upon entering the second world in the campaign.  There was almost nothing to differentiate the experience significantly from the first world, and I soon lost interest in making another, identical trudge through the technology tree."
76561198098775295,Not Recommended,248390,27631953,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mascot,"This game is awsome in the first hour than you start to realize the glitches and you get more and more disappointed. After a few hours in the game I became so frustrated I had to quit. Main reason is the AI. Your dwarfs are SOOO F...ING DUMB. If they mine a block usually they don't mine the neighbouring ones just standing there like a huge pile s..t looking their legs or something and waiting for another dwarf to do the job. Can't prioritise job types nor individual works so you just have to wait to the ""important"" stuff to get finished before the job you would like to be completed. I can't stress enough how frustrating it is. It's just needlessly time consuming. The inventory and qiuckbar system is complicated to use, should be a lot more user friendly. And so on so forth...Playing this game is like doing math, you have to be enthusiastic to enjoy it otherwise it's slow and painful.Shame, 'cause it could be a good game."
76561198061306443,Recommended,248390,26308640,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,elchali_5,This is a good colony simulation game. It is not the ultimate simulation dream and is far from being flawless in terms of bugs and technical performace but still it is a solid game. My only complain is the amount of grinding getting on the way every time you want to start a new map. I just can't imagine a good reason behind the tech tree design other that forcing the player to see all the content. It is kind of a questionable choice but again every developer does whatever he/she think is best for his/her audience. I do think it was a poor desition to have such a intrincated tech tree but again that's just my opinion. The game is solid give it a try you may have a great time.
,Recommended,248390,13371427,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Neptune,"Craft The World is a funny, little game, easily swallowing up some hours of your life. It is easy, even though the AI doesn't always follow your intentions as in controlling your dwarves.In short: It is your interactive antfarm, and you don't even have to watch out to not knock it over."
76561198141914115,Not Recommended,248390,34243321,Posted: 14 August,all,MisterWaterlily,"This in one of those review that I would like to have more options that just ""Recommend? Yes or No?"".I like the game, but I can´t really recommend it to anyone.Pros:- The graphics and sound/music- The overall quality and feel- The main concept of not mainly controlling individuals but more give an order and then the dwarfes perform it.Cons:- The fighting. Every 45 min huges waves of monters span and attacks your house. This means that you spend most of your time thinking about this and looking at the clock so you can send your dwarfs back home in time.- The crafting. The crafting itself is excellent, but the technology tree is just too long and makes you craft stuff you do not want. This would have been fine if I just had to go through the tree once. But in every new level I have to start over. Annoying.Those two cons makes each level take 3 times as much time as it would need.I still play the game from time to time but after one level you know it all it just repeats."
,Recommended,248390,8974102,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,VisibleDucts,"Really addicting game where you are tasked with helping (via giving commands, casting spells, etc) dwarves build and maintain a base while mining for minerals, crafting items, exploring the underground, and fighting off the waves of the undead (and goblins, but mostly undead) that lay seige to you every 45 minutes. Nearly everything is done through indirect control. You mark where to dig, and where to place items, tell them what to craft, who to attack - as of now (I should state I'm writing this while the game is still in early access/beta. So things are still being added and tweaked and balanced and etc) there are a few things you are more actively doing - during bigger fights if your dwarves health gets low they'll run away, at a point you'll be able to tell them to craft health potions. Right now, it seems the only way to use them is by you using them on the appropriate dwarf when their health is getting low. You also have a few items you can place and remove without the dwarves doing it for you - the main item that you'll be using in this manner is scaffolding that you can place to help the dwarves climb up something that would be hard to climb on their own and you only need a temporary item for them to use to climb. Portable ladders...)Er, anyway, the description of the game says it's inspired by Dungeon Keeper, Dwarf Fortress, and Terraria. I can see the Terraria inspiration, but the gameplay is not like Terraria at all. I'm pointing that out because Ive seen some comments on this  game lamenting (whining) about another Terraria clone and the ways that Terraria was an inspiration to the developers of this game are not ways that led to a clone. I would say the graphic style and some of the mechanics for what defines a home are the big things that seem Terraria inspired.Anyway, it's really fun and I can't wait to see what each update will bring! So if you like buildy, crafty, strategy, dwarfy, explory, games then I totally recommend this game. And I would even recommend it in general since it feels like it's a game that is not so heavy (*cough Dwarf Fortress cough*) that you have to be hardcore about the style of game to get into it.In short, RECOMMENDED. *imagine a loud kind of stamp hitting a document sound...like ... I don't know, it seems like it's used a lot in crime shows and court shows. USE YOUR IMAGINATION*"
76561198026488752,Not Recommended,248390,21394714,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Rex Wladislaus Dragwlya,"I like this game, however, there is only 3 levels to sandbox mode.  After playing 3 levels, I was stunned to find out that I was finished.  The developers need to spend much more time developing the Sandbox mode and worry about ""multiplayer"" later.   Appart from having only 3 levels total, there are pathfinding issues, balance issues, a non-existent story-line, the tech-tree (although kinda cool) doesn't flow well (especially on level 3).   Overall great concept and great graphics, but because the developers have been side tracked, this game is missing it's spot light and will soon be doomed.  People will move on to other games and by the time the developers figure this out, their game will be dated and eclipsed by a smarter one.  So sad."
76561198058971916,Recommended,248390,24870042,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,jakesnake,"Been playing this game for awhile, really enjoyed it at first though there was quite a learning curve figuring out how to get past the first world in campaign mode.  Not a bad thing though, made it feel very rewarding when I did get the hang of things and stopped getting overrun by monsters before getting far enough.But now that I've put some hours into it and gotten to later stages in the game it's quickly becoming less enjoyable as the increase in difficulty reallly brings out some major flaws in the game that have been mentioned before, but I'll say it again.  The UI really needs work.  And the dwarves AI needs major work.  I don't know how many times I've gotten to the point of screaming obscenities at my monitor because no matter what I do the stupid dwarves just act like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and run straight to their death, without even being told to.  Not to mention how often they don't do what you want them to, run around in circles or go way over to the other end of the map for seemingly no reason (path finding is horrendous) and seem to build things in random order, to the point of where you told them to build something important 10 minutes ago but all they want to do is build stupid crap that you end up cancelling because they won't do what you already told them to do previously.  Gets to the point where you feel like you have to only give them one build job at a time if you want them to get done in proper order, which makes the whole process way more tedious and time consuming than it should be. If you want to build a ceiling to a new building or new upper floor of one you literally have to take manual control of a dwarf and build each block yourself or it will never get done.  They can't seem to figure out how to build one block, and then the next, and then the next in a series.  They instead just build one and then give up because they can't get to the one way out in the middle or somewhere instead of THE ONE RIGHT NEXT TO THEM.  DUH.Extremely frustrating, especially when little things like this really start to make the difference between life and death in later levels.  Really fun game otherwise, but really needs a lot of work on these issues before I'll continue playing it any more.I get that the developers probably want to keep adding more content to the game in order to keep people interested and make it more appealing to new players, but I feel like their priorities are a bit off.  Multiplayer, quite frankly, seems pretty pointless and poorly executed.  You're in the middle of a level, got a bunch of dwarves and everything, then you open a portal... to an entirely different level, where you have different dwarves and start out from scratch again and can't even go back and forth between this entirely new game and the one you were just playing.  At least, not until you finish this entirely new level which takes so long you don't even remember where you left off in the last one, and in the end you're not even left with much to show for it as you can't really take much of the stuff you got back with you.And frankly I think they should be more focused on trying to make the exisiting game better, fix the major AI issues and the like before worrying about adding extraneous features like this ""multiplayer"" which doesn't even seem to have much of a purpose to begin with."
,Recommended,248390,8767945,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,0|\|3,"Think Dwarven Fortress/Terreria/Minecraft. It's very addicting and you'll always wanna try a new build to make that ultimate fortress that can stem the hordes while you get busy mining. Be the the foreman of your own dwarven mining team.Hi ho, hi ho!"
,Recommended,248390,13024600,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Goldenhelm,"Bought today, already got what? 8 hours played?Tech trees, dwarf managing, items, treasure, danger... this game got it all!The UI is a bit bad, there was no need to use the minecraft-like crafting system, just hurts my fingers."
76561198050433002,Recommended,248390,15976747,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,rcjenn40,"This game is insanely addictive. So much so it should come with a warning label.It's basically a side-view version of A Game of Dwarves. It's very easy to get into, and once you do your creativity can just run wild as you harvest, craft, dig out or surface build tunnels and rooms at your own pace. What you want to do and how you want to go about things are totally up the player.Lots of different resources, buried treasure and small caverns. Cooking, fishing, mining, logging, farming...pretty much a crafter heaven. It has optional quest-related goals that you'd eventually probably be doing anyway, so you're never really taken out of your comfort zone when it comes to your play style.Four different worlds, involved developers...I could go on....but I want to get back to playing so I'll end it here. Did I mention how addictive it was....?Honestly, if you're into crafting, world-building, exploring, playing at your own pace then you should already be clicking the Buy button on this gem."
76561197999540105,Not Recommended,248390,30686999,Posted: 23 March,all,The killer,"I bought that game for the multiplayer, sadly that mode is really bad. First you have to play solo and build something that allow you to play multiplayer, the idea looks pretty nice. Then you appear in a multiplayer world with your buddy, first off, theses are only underground maps. then you have the vision of your buddy that you have to kill. in between each bases their are some monsters, but there is no monster waves, you cant really play with your mate.The way they created the multiplayer mode turn me off quickly.As i mentionned before, i bought that game to play with my friend.And for a solo game i would highly recommend Gnomoria instead of that game."
,Recommended,248390,9822029,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,saltmummy626,"I thought it was surprisingly good. at first, I thought ""egh... another one of these huh?"" the good reviews though seemed to work in favor of the game, so seeing as it was on sale I grabbed it. what ensued was four hours of exploring a decent new game and gawking at what looks like some fairly ""bleh"" graphics from a distance, but are actually rather nice graphics when you actually look at them up close. the update log for the game shows updates being a fairly regular thing, meaning fixes for bugs (I only saw one bug and that one crashed the game) and new content could be always just around the corner. the game is also surprisingly well polished for an early release game. in my mind I see the devs saying ""yeah, its good as it is, but it can be better."""
76561198083019651,Recommended,248390,31582879,Posted: 6 May,all,rosswp,"This is a lovely little game which I keep coming back to. I must have had it for about two years now and the Devs are still updating and refining it - and how many games can you say that about? Sure, a couple of the features are DLC which cost extra and some people feel these are items which should have been included in the original game, but personally, I have no complaints. I'm not interested in multiplayer so I haven't bought the Dig With Friends DLC and can't comment on any issues that people may have experienced with it, but Sisters In Arms is great and worth a couple of quid of anyone's money. Even without them though, I'd still give the basic game a thumbs up.You can play in Campaign mode, advancing from one world to the next, or choose a world and play in Sandbox mode with adjustable difficulty settings to suit your style of play. It's easy to learn how to play for the most part, (though some things aren't well explained and you may need to refer to the forums for help), it looks good, is entertaining and amusing and though there are some issues with the dwarves pathfinding, I've never found it to be much of a problem.All in all, I can't recommend it highly enough."
76561198014669052,Recommended,248390,12247316,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Absani,"For 14,99 this game is an absolute killer. The graphics are cuddly, the gameplay itself is immensily entertaining and complex and you get sucked into it the very first minute.I bought the first copy for my wife as she wanted to give it a shot and 13 hours later that day realized it was time to go to bed. Most addictive game since the original Lemmings in my opinion.Sadly it only allows one upvote here, b/c this game deserves more than one.11/10 would become addicted again!"
,Recommended,248390,12287348,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,ButteredNoodlez,"i have played this game for a while now, and i see it as a game to waste time . like if you have nothing to do for a couple of hours than hop on it and build a small colony of dwarves. This game is nothing like terraria, some people will think its just a clone of it. But unlike terraria you dont control a single person. you kinda boss around the dwarves and if you truely want to, you can even take control of one if you want. Some people on the forums have complianed about bugs, crashes, not beenable to start it. but sense ive owned this game(i bought it last march) i havent had any crashes or bugs. the only problem i have had, is that the dwarves dont always take the best route. but i think it is TOTALLY worth the &15 there asking right now9.5/10 very addicting and different than most games out there"
76561198118473843,Recommended,248390,17353825,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,weeblecat,"The 2-d world and resource harvesting mechanics are very much like Terraria, but having a colony of dwarves instead of a solo adventurer means it also fills the void left in my gaming life by Towns dying in a fire. Some bits of the tech tree are not terribly intuitive (why do I need to learn weaving before I can make steel armor?) but my guess is they're laid out where they are so that you can't just ignore half the tree until you've built a complete powerhouse dwarf crew who are threatened by nothing, and then finish everything else at your leisure. The rain mechanic is really nicely executed, though you can accidentally drown your entire sheep farm if you lay things out wrong, and the difficulty of the monster waves ramps up at a pretty good pace.It made my old computer (a 2009 MacBook) crash occasionally if I was trying to run other programs simultaneously, but that was definitely a function of hitting obsolete hardware limits. Bought computer made in this decade, no longer have crash issues.48 hours in this game in the last two weeks and I'm jonesing for more. I really like that the campaign mode gives you a series of goals to accomplish (and then re-accomplish in the next world), because completely sandbox games tend to lose me after a while. I get a base built and stable and equip my guys and... then what? Well, start over, I guess. Campaign mode makes starting over into progress. The resource limitations in the ice world are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ but it's livable and gives you all the more motivation to get the portal rebuilt and get the hell out of there.The thing I'd most like to see in future releases is the ability to set standing orders so my dwarves have tasks they will return to any time a condition is (not) met: when food in inventory drops below 10, grill meat. When wool in inventory drops below 5, shear sheep/llama. Lower on my priority list but also good would be an option between the current ""stay in the shelter"" and ""go wherever"" modes for the dwarves' movement range -- either a defined distance they could forage outside or a set of markers you could place to limit how far they explore, so you don't have lone dwarves trudging off to the end of the map and getting lost because there's a ball of dirt to pick up somewhere.Good stuff, though. Totally glad I bought it."
,Not Recommended,248390,26349706,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,SilencerNate,"For people looking for a single player experience for a Gnomoria/Dwarf Fortress game with a Terraria feel, its not a horrible game.  However, if you are thinking ""Great, the game has co-op, I'll invite a friend into my world and we can play toegther,"" think again.  The co-op and PvP in this game are basically like an instance/deathmatch.  You have 1 goal, succeed, and the game ends, both players are kicked back to their own single player worlds.  Until this is fixed, I cannot recommend this game."
76561198064490201,Not Recommended,248390,24143341,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,DragonReloaded,"Honest feedback after 27 hours of gameplay!1. The Enemy Waves getting extremly big... my 12 dwarfs where killed even with full mythril gear.2. After 24 hours still just two portal parts (out of 5) guardians way to powerful... for 12 times mythril gear...3. slow players are doomed to lose, if you enjoy slowly playing through your game, don't buy4. I checked the wiki for the other worlds cause i can't reach them... they are jsut the smae, nothing new on the items side5. DLC for female dwarfs is useless, it should have been added for free6. Pets are useless as well, they bite the enemy, nothing else... my first weapon deals more damage.7. Multiplayer-Mode has to be unlocked with 6 bucks... you have to pay for multiplayer... ♥♥♥♥ing serious?"
76561198090913520,Recommended,248390,11811326,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Lenkdrache,"I've played the game for many hours now.... and I find it both interesting and addictive. The graphics are perfect, and the game stability is pretty good, with only one crash in all the time I've played so far.The developer is quick to respond to my detailed bug reports, and that says a lot... most game dev's couldn't give a rat's♥♥♥♥♥about bug reports, or the community.As a player of Dungeon Keeper (hundreds of hours both when it came out and later as abandonware) I was pleasantly surprised to find a game that fills my need to control minions."
,Recommended,248390,12727159,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Krysset,"This is a great game! I played this alot and i never get tired of playing it. But everything cannot be perfect... I´ve found to flaws with the game this far. The thing is the AI is not always as you would like it be (it´s a bit stupid) and becouse of that the second flaw comes, the dwarwes die easily of enviromental things when there are other ways...  So lets think that youre favorite dwarf goes to colloct some stone you found in some tunnel you dug. and then u put up a portal and what do he do? He travels over the water instead and drown, so then the resources and next dwarf comes and get it and you have to stop it and use the imp spell or the collect spell that transport the items to your stockpile and you loose a dwarf for nothing. How will you get a new dwarf like that? You wonder later, and the thing is you have to wait until a dwarf with the right skill comes and then you need two new books to give the dwarf the skills you wanted it to have. But that can take a long time. So becouse of the not so smart AI it comes a second flaw. You cannot replace skills. Overall it dont ruin the game experiance that much and i would give it a 8,5/10."
,Not Recommended,248390,30663446,Posted: 21 March,all,InertFurry,"DLC seems to be this game's answer to endemic issues with the game, such as gameplay that slows down exponentially and resource choking that leaves the player eager to not craft anything other than what is absolutely required for progression.This really feels, in many ways, not least of which its design, like it should have been a 4.99 Tablet Game, not an 18.99 game with 8.98 worth of DLC that adds so much less than 1/4 of the game's original content or functionality let alone half.Avoid this unless you're so into this kind of management/base building game; the kind of person who buys twenty DLCs for Train Simulator kind of dedication.  It's average amongst its peers but its DLCs feel more like the kind of updates that would be sold add-on to a free-to-play game, rather than a Feature Product build for PC.Edit: Oh wait, it IS a 4.99 tablet game!  Right there on the App store! Steer clear of this price gouging."
,Recommended,248390,20238599,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,[OO] EnigmaX,"This is a fun and relaxing game.  You guide a small clan of dwarves through a crafting tech tree and you guide their search for all the materials for crafting via mining, hunting, etc.. There is a timer for monster attacks....and their are random monsters.  I'm basing these comments on having played only the first world.  Starting the second world now.There isn't any real tutorial so I recommend looking a guide briefly to help avoid some of the tediousness ....Some tips....- you can disassemble any item once you have better tech- you can place portals to transport your dwarves directly home- later you can use imps to transport raw materials home- you can SPEED UP THE GAME during slow times, just click on clock in upper right corner of the screen- While holding a block, you can click on an already placed block to change it's orientation- you can craft coal and iron etc..later in the tech tree"
,Recommended,248390,10807225,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Pyrostasis,Amazing game. Highly recommend it. You can see my full first impressions video on youtube.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EjTlp35zFQw
76561197992525142,Recommended,248390,12369429,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Captain Trips,"This was my first jump on to an early access game, and it has been well worth the investment. From the get go, it felt more polished and enjoyable than many complete games I've played. To be sure, there are still some rough around the edges, but the devs are actively updating and improving the game. The game is fun NOW, but you also get the sense there is room to grow. I hope the devs can flesh out the games real potential."
,Recommended,248390,13084507,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,nexionly,"Exactly what I wanted in a game. Good mix of 'city' building, tower defense and a huge list of things to build, find and manage!Love it!"
76561198296507817,Not Recommended,248390,34003452,Posted: 3 August,all,cstoneburner,"My recommendation refers to folks like myself who are primarily interested in the building/crafting part of the game, not the fighting. Also who are interested in single player rather than multip player (mp is generally not my thing and I haven't tried it so can't offer an opinion).  There are many fun enjoyable aspects to the game but there are a few that, at this point in its development  make me have to not recommend it.First off a number of pathing issues.  I can understand significant delays in pathing once one has made a complex maze of world but when you are just starting out and dwarves can't find the block literally in front of them or on which they ar standing, this is a serious problem. These time delays can end being lethal which brings me to the second point.Second  is the lack of ability to truly keep  your dwarves safe.  You can not single out behaviors well, both due to limited to controls and due to lack of a pause button or at least decent hotkeying for each dwarf.The lack of pause with ability to move coupled with a lack of priority buttons makes identification of resources to be harvested messy and, again, potentially lethal.  Having to go back and find resources while the clock is running is not good.The tech tree is mostly fine, although the late arrival of coal is not good, especially given its high and varied usage. This is especially true on any small or normal world.   Also there are entire levels that produce nothing I would want to use, especially in the decorating part, requiring me to waste resources better used elsewhere.   Railroads are pretty much worthless on small worlds (although very nice for large).The sandbox is misleadingly named as it is nothing like what I'd expect a sandbox of this world to be (all of the tech tree accessible, no or togglable combat).  It's current setup simply leaves one without necessary tools and no good way to get them while leaving one with all the dangers.The inability to save in such a way that one can retry the same set up with multiple tactics is irksome.The end portal setup is frankly annoying.  Its failure to bring the dwarves you've shepared through to the next level makes it in many ways pointless as a campaign tool.   The fact that the rooms clutter up the custom worlds then fail to even take you to the main menu is nearly as bad given that I lose spaces for things I want for fights that don't interest me for resources I don't care about."
,Recommended,248390,23010899,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,FatBird!,"This game is extremely addictive and very good.It's a sandbox game similar to Terraria, yet it certainly remains distinct.The game looks very beautiful. And, it's fun. It's fun to control all of these dwarves, but it can be like trying to herd cats at times. You have the option of controlling one dwarf, while ordering the others about, or you can take an overview of the map, and tell them all what to do. The AI is pretty good, and they usually do a great job going where you tell them to, and taking the best routes. They're very responsive too.There are a ton of things to craft and learn how to build, along with a ton of materials to discover. The enemies can be very dangerous at times ( e.g. during waves).The controls are not very intuitive at first, but once you catch on it's pretty easy."
76561198103485831,Recommended,248390,13085012,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Stan Monstro,"I've sunk a good amount of time into this so far, since it was in early access. This game tackles many different ideas at once to great effect. It's got the 2D sidescrolling world of Terraria, above ground and below ground, but not as vast in size. It's got the god-game system of Dungeon Keeper, in which you can give orders to your dwarves and have them go about the business of accomplishing it (or take direct control of one of them specifically, also like Dungeon Keeper). And you've got the fortress building aspect of...well...Dwarf Fortress. This is one of those interesting games where starting out can be brutal, especially for a new player, but gets easier as you go, as opposed to other games that start small and scale in difficulty. But that's really one of its strong points, as it has you learning on your toes and makes you think about your next move and how you spend your resources. But that doesn't mean it'll let you off easy, even after you've learned the ropes.Like most sandbox games, CtW gives you time to build up, and time to be wary. Daytime offers a peaceful chance to work and get things done, while night brings the potential of undead raids on your treasured home. Every 50 minutes of real time play, a portal raid will begin to truly test whether you've prepared properly, or not. And they keep getting harder as well, to force you to think faster and beat the level to ultimately survive.The crafting is smooth and easy to manage, the graphics are bright and colorful (never really feeling dull thankfully), and the fighting system isn't complicated while still offering plenty of room for strategy to aid the dwarves. Seriously, you'll think of plenty of tricks and traps to make the deadly portal raids easier as you go along, and coming up with said strategies is a large part of the fun.You'll see some people complain no doubt about resource shortages in the late game, but resource management is important, and it isn't a game problem, it's the players fault for wasting items. This isn't just a sandbox game. It's a multitude of genres at once. It's a sandbox-fort building-management-strategy-survival game with three worlds each between 20-40 hours a piece. It's not about making a beautiful world like Minecraft or Terraria (though you'll love building your fort/home) it's about the brutal survival of moving your dwarves to the next world, towards (what they hope) will be their new home in escaping an undead menace.10/10 Easily one of the top games of 2014. You'll start playing and look to realize in horror that you've played for hours on end and it's time to sleep. But you won't sleep."
76561198089905553,Not Recommended,248390,32518714,Posted: 17 June,all,Garendel,I have to give this game a down vote for the fact they charged for Multiplayer DLC. If you want to play this game solo it is easy to burn time if you like a building sim with good micro challenges during high difficulty invasions. I personally found this game to be enjoyable but I highly disapprove of a very late PAID multiplayer...
,Recommended,248390,18981379,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Hobbes,"Dwarves, check. Fortress, check. Stupidity, check. Deaths and hilarity, check. Nice graphics.. wait what?Craft the World is for want of a better term ""My first Dwarf Fortress"". It's Dwarf Fortress made accessible to the market, and it's about time someone actually got around to -doing- this. Initially released in Early Access, this title has been something of a rough gem that has, over time steadily been sanded and milled into a shining diamond, just waiting to be plucked from the dark underdepths by grubby, stubby hands and long, curly beards.All of the dwarves, none of the terrifying ASCIIDwarf Fortress is a very ""marmite"" game, because in part it's one of those games that requires the kind of in depth understanding of all the systems and sub-systems that go into it that usually come along with multi year degree courses. Not so in Craft the World, no, whilst the Dwarves do exhibit elemental stupidity in buckets, much like their DF cousins, they are quite able to follow simple instructions and they are able to manage their tasks in a vaguely dwarfish manner. Those skilled in their jobs will prioritise things accordingly, and the dwarves with weapons will actually kill things, as opposed to stabbing themselves in the foot. There's none of this ""Fey mood"" malarky either, thank dieties. Instead you'll be dealing with nightfall bringing undead knocking at your door and ghosts who wreak havoc with your stockpiles.A rich and engaging system that will have you whittling away for hoursWhilst the tech tree was ""servicable"" to begin with, now it's a monolithic thing that requires time and effort to unpick, with dwarves being forced to live in fairly basic digs with leafy beds before they are given homes suited to their dwarfly status. The game systems now support farming, fishing, and a full complement of other activities, so provided you can keep your dwarves alive, you can eventually have a busy, thriving little fortress, able to stand up to the worst that the world throws at you. Well, most of the time...Throw in trading with the locals when you acquire precious gold coins, skill books which teach your dwarves such vital skills such as how to climb without plummeting to their doom and a simple RPG-lite system of skill building and you've a recipe for quite entertaining gameplay. It may not have the absolute depth of Dwarf Fortress, but it certainly will slake the thirst of anyone wanting to get -into- the DF genre, and in that, it serves as an excellent introduction.Dawwwwh, they're so cute...The graphical style is well thought out, opting for a very cartoonish and well furnished design that uses sweeping colourful flourishes and a wide palette, ensuring that there's always something interesting going on, and that the dwarven holdings -look- the part. Furniture goes from being something that shames you to being something that shines. Enemies range from comical looking skeletons to nasty beholders and trolls and goblins, all well thought out and whilst not perhaps going to win awards for animation, they -do- look well designed and everything in the world is consistent.The sound? Well. I'll be diplomatic. If I hear dwarves snoring one more time... *eyetwitch*Closing thoughts.It's ""My First Dwarf Fortress"", and it's a very good place to start, there's been other efforts, and those have done pretty badly in comparison, this one however nails the mark, striking a good balance between being accessible to the newcomer yet offering enough of a challenge to keep experienced players at the whetstone long enough that they should feel suitably stretched out enough to consider graduating to the 'real' Dwarf Fortress, if that so pleases them.Verdict :Recommended - Especially to fans of Dwarf Fortress, or to people looking to get into the DF genre.Writer and columnist forJust Reviews, where you can get similar fine reading material. Join our group, follow our curations, and throw me a like if you would like to keep up to date with our efforts!"
,Recommended,248390,13155645,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,strangewires,I bought this game awhile ago and played it for a little bit before giving up on it. I picked it back up again yesterday and I haven't been able to put it down. It's definitely an accesible Dwarf Fortress with elements of Terraria. Really digging it. Oh look. I made a joke.
,Recommended,248390,7701734,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,weemcast,I'm having a lot of fun with this after just a few hours and looking forward to playing a lot more. Check out my initial play of Craft the World here:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qts7NB0Ono
,Recommended,248390,13040035,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,boonys,"Hi everyone this is a calm quiet game where you just build stuff and have the time to be creative with castle's and making the dwarf super mine or forteress so the zombies dont get to you . Graphic are good , the game hasnt bug on my computer at all . The only bad part is the dam AI for the dwarf there so stupid that might get to you in the long run but since the game it still being tinkered with maybe one day that make a rally point so they dont just stay where your building and are in your way . And with the hrs you see i have in the game yes yes yes i have to admit i let them die LOLSo i would is a great passtime but not for adrealine junky's or pvp addicts :)"
,Recommended,248390,32917579,Posted: 28 June,all,tieio,"Holy addictive crack game. I thought I liked Terraria, this game is that and so much more. Do play this if you liked Terraria. I wanted to challenge myself without having to feel like a game was purposely created just to be “hard” for the sake of it, and those types of games are very rare. This is that game for me, a terrific challenge that increases at a decent increment. Dig, dig, dig all day long."
,Recommended,248390,24491251,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,h4yla,"I started playing this game when it was early access, been enjoying it a lot. I'm also pleased that the developers still make updates : ). A request to the @Devs, please allows to create our own dwarves, that would be awesome!"
76561198026628070,Not Recommended,248390,23295487,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Bakuretsa,"I really wanted to like this game , the concept was good . But there are just too many issues that are just irritating about this aswell.  Here are just a few points.#1 COMBAT : Getting knocked around by a starting level zombie every single time it hits a stout heavily armored dwarf in steel/Silver/MITHRIL armor. IS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ . I would understand if this happened without any gear on . But its 100% all the time knock back.#2 The HOARD : The undead zerg that attacks your base every 45 minuts gets out of hand the longer you play a level making it almost impossible to enjoy the game when all you want to do is max a level before moving on . Making the game less about enjoying the core of the game and more about HURRY UP AND GET WHAT YOU NEED TO ESCAPE.#3 Combat AI : They are mentally handicapped . Having one dwarf charge into a group of 12+ mobs just because he is melee only to have him hit one mob and get juggled around due to the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ knockback system in the game is just beyond stupid.#4 NO SHIELDS : You can make alllllll this special gear . Auto turrets (that barely work) LIGHTNING TOWERS , TRAPS  but you CAN""T strap some wood together and make a SHIELD....... that logic .#5 Can't SELL : I don't know but the idea that you can only buy stuff from a store ....... kind of stupid also . I guess the devs never heard of a bartering system . Later on you ammount masses of USELESS items ......that just sit there .#6 Crafting Tree : The crafting tree is ok , but it lacks a lot of common sense . As some of the most BASIC ideas such as burning wood to make coal and farming for example are among some of the highest tier crafts .All in all the game needs a decent ammount of work and balancing at this time . So it's not worth the price for the overall aggrivation it causes ."
,Recommended,248390,8376476,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,<CG>Flareside,A fun game that becomes more complex the more you play. Well worth the money. Kind of like Minecraft only in 2d side scroller stylin where you get to lead your dwarves to build bigger and cooler structures.
76561198067542266,Recommended,248390,7754177,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Malleus,"My main concern with Early Access games is that it's sometimes hard to tell if you're getting something in a close to release quality or if you're going to buy a game that has another 2 years of development before it's close to worthwhile. While there is currently only one level available, with some minor glitches, it is definetely release quality.Beyond just the state of the game, it is pretty addictive. I played until 1 am last night and didn't even realize it was so late. I've played about 13 hours and I'm only about 2/3 done with the tech tree.  The leveling/task system does a good job of guiding you through the tech progression and guiding you on what you should accomplish as far as base building.I'll admit that it did take me a little while to figue out some of the basics. I didn't know that after you placed a backround block of dirt/wood that placing a second one will build a solid wall. I didn't realize right away that when one of my dwarves die, they respawn. Also, I didn't realize that the ""2"" next to the Portal spell ment that it cost 2 Mana not that I only had 2 uses. Admitting this does make me feel like kind of a noob but considering that these weren't readily apparent to someone who has played similar games, such as Terraria, to completion, it would be helpful to have a better indication of this.(Maybe tasks that make you do these things)The AI could use some improvement, the Dwarfs won't automatically use their highest skills when you queue a task, but over the game is well worth its current price and is a lot of fun. I would highly recommend it in it's current state and I'm looking forward to future updates."
76561197973545135,Recommended,248390,32827741,Posted: 26 June,all,Staypuft,"Very relaxing game that will eat up hours upon hours of your time. The gameplay seems kind of slow paced but there are always things to be building,exploring. Towards the end-game however, all that free time you used to have will be nothing but a nice memory as you struggle to craft,assign,renovate,defend,equip,feed,farm,mine, all simultaneously.Haven't tried the multiplayer yet but I bet its pretty good aswell"
,Recommended,248390,20057386,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,DansGame EXPLAIN?,"Needs:- Actual sandbox, where you can craft item without scrolls (I do not know whether if it can be done or not if you play it the second time, but certainly need fixing so new players can enjoy the game.)- AI needs to improve, not the sharpest foes and dwarves.- change recipes, eg. expensive coal and cheap bricks (8 woods for 1 coal)- Assigned bed, where bed have dwarf's name on it.- Sheep farm needs to improve, after shear multiple sheep there stuck on the same place, and cannot cut the uncut sheep.Otherwise it's a fairly good game."
76561198047252249,Not Recommended,248390,26875871,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,lyty,AI is too stupid it make the game progress slower than it should
,Recommended,248390,24161129,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,TTianmaa'r,"SImple, cute and fun game!No difficulty setting, morale or similar stuff, and no pesky micromanagment.Its for ""casual"" worldbuilders, though it is building slowly to be more and more feature rich game!Multiplayer is not the best there is, but its OK for few hours of fun more."
76561198117391036,Not Recommended,248390,24172330,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,DustBust,"Its a great game but...100hrs in, had to mod the game (or its awfully ""slow"") but I'm only giving this negative review because the devs keep going in the wrong direction and won't fix problems that the community is screaming for.Dwarfs have horrible AITower Defense style combat that was somewhat lost in translation (you'll see what I mean when the hordes get big)Extremely slow (I mod their movement speed, Devs increased block durability... to slow you down more)The levels are Worlds, which you have to beat to unlock the next, no biggie but if a bug prevents you from proceeding, lol start over. (they took care of most of these) You have to pump in tons of hours to get through these worlds, so getting there and reporting a bug to which no Dev responds in the forums is a waste.MultiplayerJust browse the forums to see how messed up this is. Let's just say less than 1% have the achievement that they played it.The recent DLC release...Playing as a female dwarf costs money... okay, well they also added pets which automatically kills rats (which they introduced in the update with the DLC) but if you don't have the DLC, you have to manually kill rats that pop up in your base.... a lot.... see the forums to know what I mean.Great game but wish they would listen to the community. I'd grab it on sale and you'll enjoy it."
76561197973605843,Not Recommended,248390,20716643,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Malsqueek,"There's a lot to like about Craft the World. The art is good, the music is great, the theme and overall gameplay is pretty good.However, you progress through the game by either chewing through the entire tech tree (Dozens of hours worth of work), or by taking out two preposterously tough creatures which require mid-grade gear to have a prayer, and high end gear to reasonably take on.Once you beat a level, you get to move on to a different biome theme and grind the same tech tree over again until you either research everything or take out a couple preposterously difficult monsters.On top of this, the ""quests"" really don't give an indication of the end game, just that you need to build seventeen flower pots to level up so you can learn the next weapon crafting so you can learn farming.If they revisited victory conditions, and the tech trees, this would be a really pretty cool game.As an example: Forest Biome - Accomplish 3 of the following (Create a lake of X size, Harvest a bajillion wood, Build a keep of X size, Kill supertough badguy, Complete the tech tree, etc). For the tech trees, if they split them out into Military, Resource, and Keep trees with specific recipes requiring levels from other trees (such as traps being in the keep tree, but not being available without iron weapons) it would go miles, as currently it seems like the progression is driven by a pattern rather than a logical progression.There is a lot of good in this game, but progression is stymied by the victory conditions literally being ""grind tech for ten hours to get to the next level to grind tech for ten more hours"". I can't recommend this game as a result."
76561198016292979,Recommended,248390,28796125,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Krilldor,"I've played for 25 hours while writing this review. At this point I just finished setting up a solid basis for level 2 after several attempts. (I don't play a lot of management games, which this is).Level 1 was a lot of fun. You get a dwarf, explore, gather, build. More dwarves, more stuff, more eploration. After a while I found this game to be a lot about improving processes. You start doing something and you see what works and what doesn't so you improve. Exploring how to get the whole show running is a fun process and now at lvl 2 this gets harder, so more learning by doing.I recommend this game because it's fun and you wanna improve on what you are doing. I gotta say that the dwarves sometimes are really stupid, which is annoying. If you wanna mine a 4x4 piece of earth you have to guide them through it. Otherwise they hack away to later find out they can no longer reach the top pieces. Also if you wanna close off a dead end, they sometimes close it off in a way they trap themselves in. Another example is them going kamikaze on bosses. All in all they work well enough and actually guiding them around their stupidity seems like just another challenge.I can easily see myself spending another 25 hours to reach higher levels to see what they have in store. (I haven't done multiplayer yet, but it's there)."
,Not Recommended,248390,31008721,Posted: 7 April,all,UncleTom,I bought that game for the multiplayer like everyone to play with my brother but multiplayer mode really awfuland DLC multiplayer it should be free like other games *Too salty*
,Not Recommended,248390,34002139,Posted: 3 August,all,HungryHobo,"First, this game is quite good.... but then why do I not recommend it.Because grind. I reached the third world and just couldn't go on because I couldn't face grinding through the same damned tech tree again, making 30 of something I don't need or want so that I can make 20 of something I don't need or want so that i can build the next highest items.This game is solid and fun in many ways but it just started feeling like work. Hence the recomendation against it."
,Not Recommended,248390,25760142,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Fogg,"I'm annoyed because the could have really been a good game but fell short. The Dwarf AI is garbage, they constantly will mine blocks they are standing on and fall, block themselves into tunnels, and poor group priority makes them into a digital joke about union workers. I guess it was worth it for $6.74, but the money would have been better spent to Starbound or Terraria."
,Not Recommended,248390,27136137,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Microsoft Excel,"Boring, grindy, mobile interface. Avoid"
,Not Recommended,248390,25704721,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,kaiomm,"It's a game that brings us a certain amount of fun and a little laughs, with easy learning and complexity and medium difficulty. The individual dwarves control of the dwarves gives it an interesting peculiarity, I felt like an improvement over ""Lemmings"", though it's complicated to control them one by one when you have a lot of workers and the game AI kinda force you to do that because it seems to take your pawns to horible places and taking awful paths. Multiplayer mode seems too restricted, looks like an unfinished job... Low replayability, probably only in multiplayer mode for fun with friends (not nearly the appeal of Terraria and similars). It worth the 75% off sale price, not more."
,Recommended,248390,13582594,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,James,I think I have a problem .. but the game is fun. Edit to add XP & I'm 2 hours from pure evil =P
,Not Recommended,248390,31094851,Posted: 12 April,all,Dave9789,"You pay €18,99 and get a good game. But it was before they released The DLC. The DLC for this game are all things that need to be in the main game. I had fun in the game but not anymore!Salve game! Buy it in Sale!"
,Recommended,248390,8199157,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Wizminkey,"Yes, it looks and sounds like just another Minecraft/Terraria clone, but it's far from it. Instead of being the lone adventurer out to build a massive sprawling castle or making pretty blocky statues and such, you're the overseer of a group of dwarves. You select where to mine, chop, fight or build and they do their best to fulfill the orders while acting autonomously.Many games let you whip together every item as long as you've memorized the recipe. In this, we see items gatewayed behind a Tech Tree, which requires you to build and equip/use/place each type of item to unlock the next items. The game also presents you with a series of Tasks, mostly boiling down to advancing the Tech Tree, but it helps guide your building and exploring instead of endlessly digging through random terrain. You always have at least one goal to work towards.Your Dwarves will require food and shelter and protection, as the denizens of this world will actively seek to plunder your resources. Build your defenses well and craft new weapons and armour to keep it safe. Each Dwarf can learn up to three skills which help them in combat, crafting or movement; a new Dwarf starts with one random skill, and the second two can be added by you with Skill Books which are found throughout the world.While Craft the World may look like Terraria, it's closer to a 2D Towns or Dwarf Fortress or Dungeon Keeper. For an Early Access game, it's feeling very much like it's close to launch-ready. I'm sure there are more features to add in and refinements and optimizations to go, don't get me wrong, I just mean that it's a very well-done beta; it feels like a full game instead of a skeleton with promise.The initial learning curve is fairly easy as long as you stay focused on building a proper shelter (I recommend underground) ASAP. It can be easy to get distracted by exploration or mining and then night falls and your Dwarves are all tired, hungry and under siege by skeletons or goblins."
76561198074076427,Recommended,248390,20026590,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,VincE,"Examples of flaws in this gameI told my dwarf to fill a tiny gap in the mine but he decided to moonwalk and drop to his death in a pit of lava.(Not going to lie, pretty fancy way to die)Every so often you get awavehordeof enemies that attack you to keep the game a challenge. But if today is not your day, then you can simply place some dirt combined with some ladders (toreallyconfuse them)  in their path and you've fixed the problem, they wont be able to pass. SImple as that.An entire freaking army blocked by DIRTkinda sadThe local wildlife are all phycologically unstable, and thus have come to realise living is not an option. Most animals commit suicide through drowning in tiny puddles across the plains. If it rains you can find corpses of deceased animals littered around.The tech tree is a cool idea, but        I dont want to make a goddamn roof    IM A DWARF FOR THORIN'S SAKE  WHY DO WE NEED FANCY ROOFS TO MAKE WEAPON'S OF WAR. FLOWERS AND STUFF ARE FOR ELVES.This brings me to another problem, RAIN IS LIKE FLOODS. If you decide to burrow underground you will have a free aquarium.But honestly the game is not bad.The art style is nice, I enjoy the content and the dwarves are all adorable :3. i really wish that the devs could improve on it though. By making the characters more custumizable. If one of my dwarves die, like the one stated above, I didn't feel much 'sadness', just another dwarf that was suicidal. i just wish that each dwarf is more unique to the others, and when he gains skill level he gets power ups or miscelleanious changes, so that he is different to the lot. I enjoy the game but it sometimes becomes boring due to the tech tree which is a forced manufacture of items you will never use and are expensive to make in order to reach the things you acually want, this concept is in its primary stages and has the potential of improving the game, but at it's current state, the tech tree is more like a forced line of actions, not a choice based decision.So please devs, improve the A.I., make each dwarf more unique and special to the player, and make a better tech tree."
76561198004782951,Recommended,248390,35012326,Posted: 16 September,all,Woot [PoE],"Pros:Dorfs!Charmingly cartoony graphicsMany hours of gameplay45 minute raids break the tedium and give you something to plan forPets (from Sisters in Arms) are pretty useful guard dogsCons:Can be very repetitiveOnce at level 12, leveling is very, very slow - bad because leveling refills your mana barEven with elevators & trains, you'll want to rely on portals, which grinds through your manaOn larger maps, Dorfs seem to get confused by pathingSome of the house decoration parts of the tech tree are irritatingly grindyOverall, though, it's a fun game that has enough challenge to keep things fun without overwhelming you with options.  The developers are also to be commended for continuing to update and support their product."
76561197971825130,Recommended,248390,8023312,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Haapy,"So much dwarvy goodness. Great game, and more added regularly. Definite thumbs-up."
76561198024696860,Recommended,248390,7964000,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Jezlore,This game is really fun. I look forward to the full version.
76561197996142467,Recommended,248390,8070872,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Danger Boy,"READ!!This game has a lot of potential. It's like terraria with minions that do the work unless you take control of them.The building aspect is a lacking and doesnt interact with neighboring blocks really well. For example all the brick blocks have only one texture so they look like checker board when you lay them down like the brick wall. One item takes at least a whole block. If you place a wall block, its limited to what form it can take which could lead to some walls looking sawed off instead of aesthetically pleasing. Theres other pet-peeves here and there.The game currently doesn't feel like they have an end game content since there's no plot, missions, many point of interest or crafting/building is still limited. However in the time I did spend with it, I did enjoy. I'm expecting the devs have a lot of great plans for this game.It's irresponsible for any reviewer to bash this game saying its a Terraria or Minecraft copy. It has some similar traits but the play style and visuals are different. We can say all the platformers are copying Mario or the puzzle games copying Tetris.-= Suggestions for Devs (since I'm lazy to post in their forums) =-- Simplify the crafting. It can get tidious with the whole drag and drop thing.- More variety of items, building synergy and textures- A sense of direction. I feel like I'm just trying to grind my way up the tech tree because i dont want to waste my limited mats on stuff that'll be replaced quickly in the future.- Giving quests, main story and the like gives players a stronger sense of purpose along with/or besides the I just want to build s**t.- Defeat epic enemies to unlock powerful spells, uncraftable items, building technique or technologies? No different than the tech tree style.- They can choose to partake in these quests/story or just explore and build stuff. For the uncraftable stuff. It could be randomly crafted through a machine or craftable in sandbox mode or something.There's more to recommend but these are good starters.It might seem like a negative review but I actually recommend people to give this a try. I'm expecting this game to be great in the future!"
76561197972076777,Recommended,248390,17490900,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Jellycrusher,"A very nice Terraria/Starbound type game, with exploring, gathering resources, building, crafting, monsters, technology, magic, beer and DWARVES. Neat funny graphics, quite big technology tree, numerous resources, mobs and items. I have a lots of fun playing this game. As for the disadvantages, I see three or so:1. Need to start every level of the campaign completely from scratch, with one dwarf, no tech, no home, no items.2. Basically only 2-3 musical themes - menu, nice/day and spooky/night. These become annoying after some 10 hours of playing and you're probaly not far on the first level yet then.3. Artificial Stupidity of the Dwarves and, fortunately, monsters.The gameplay in a world consists of three stages:1. Balancing on the brink of doom.2. Building a vast and well defended keep.3. Sweeping the world in search for THE five secreet rooms to rebuild the portal and advance to the next level.And one piece of advice - do not try to build anything above the ground in the first step - go under."
76561198027431716,Recommended,248390,34423318,Posted: 22 August,all,rolfejr,"Such a fun game! It's fun directing dwarves around to mine, collect resources, fight monsters, etc. You get to craft furniture, weapons, armor, items, and more and equip your dwarves to defend your fortress when the night rolls in. It can be aggravating sometimes controlling the dwarves especially when quick actions are needed. And they are really stupid little dwarves so you have to treat them as you would ""lemmings"". They will blindly just walk off a cliff or something. I definitely recommend this game!"
,Recommended,248390,7893946,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,thrAsher,"Call it what you want, this is a dorflike with a bit of Minecraft inspiration, all wrapped in a beautiful 2D/3D engine. The attention to detail graphically is astounding, and the gameplay is a mixed bag of casual (UI/controls) and hardcore (depth and difficulty). It may be Early Access, but that doesn't mean there isn't a heap of content here already. Given time, this could turn out to be something very special. If you like sims and building games, you'd be missing out by not picking up Craft the World."
76561198004742585,Not Recommended,248390,30761166,Posted: 26 March,all,Xiphon,"I'm sure you've probably read already that the dwarf AI is broken.  It really is, and it only gets worse when you add rails and elevators.  Add to that the Dig With Friends DLC which really should have been a game patch given the almost nothing it adds for the money (multiplayer which should have been included from the start given the Steam listing).  I can't give that the thumbs up."
76561197971020249,Not Recommended,248390,25702850,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,HeartAttackBob,"Don't bother with this game.It's dearth of content is masked by dragging everything out to a snail's pace.The only slightly interesting element is the tech tree, but advancing up it requires building a whole ton of♥♥♥♥♥♥you don't need, can't put to good use, and don't care about."
,Recommended,248390,8232809,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,MaxxtoN,"In the state that I've played the game, Craft The World is far from finished. Bugs are still being ironed out and features are added. Does that mean that the game is un-enjoyable? No, quite the contrary. Even though the game is not a finished product I've enjoyed every single minute of gameplay that I've had the chance to experience so far.The learning curve may be a bit steep (not compared to Dwarf's Fortress of course) and new players may have a hard time getting a proper shelter built before the waves of goblins and hordes of the undead start to harass your poor dwarves. You will however get the hang of it after some time, patience is a virtue after all. A small tip for all the other new players: If you want to get a good first impression of the game, do not make your first map a huge one with sandbox mode and permadeath. It'll drive you insane. Go for the campaign instead.The graphics are similar to games like Terraria and Minecraft but every dwarf still has a nice and personal touch to them and the world is looking lush and fancy in general, do keep in mind that I have yet to try the snow map.Gameplaywise I find it hard to describe what other games this title is similar to, especially since I've only played a few hours of Dwarf's Fortress and I haven't even tried Gnomoria (it seems like CTW is most commonly compared to these two titles). There are some occasional bugs here and there, longer work queues tend to make your small workers utterly confused and the not having the option to move your original stockpile may feel a bit annoying at times but for me that still doesn't prevent me from having a good time.Overall I really enjoy Craft The World and I would recommend it to anyone who's a fan of sandbox-style games, crafting and dwarves."
76561198009468643,Recommended,248390,8716707,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,mjoensson,"I normally do not buy ""early access"" games, simply because I hate paying money for an unfished buggy game that only contains a fraction of the content you have been promised. And I am also too impatient to wait for the game to finish before playing it, so I always end up with a bad experience of the game.After seeing a video of the gameplay for Craft the World, I fell in love with the simple design, yet rather good looking. I have to admit that this is no AAA game with perfect graphics like Crysis, but it is not anything like many of the Indie games you find on greenlight. The artwork is good looking, and the animations are just good.So, what works?Pretty much everything. Although there is currently only 2 levels out of what seems to be 5 when released, each level still offers about 10 hours of gameplay before finished. This does not include the ""endless game"" option you also have, which could have as much as 50 hours of gameplay. Each level can also be continued, as you don't have to go through the portal into the next level until you want to. Nice touch.I'd like to state that this game has a few bugs still, but the devs have been very good at fixing these. I saw 3 patches just before christmas, a week apart, fixing pretty much everything I had to complain about.So, what doesn't work?Well, the pathing of the dwarves (your minions) is sometimes strange. The UI cannot recognize a ladder, and when you take control of the dwarves it gets worse. If he is climbing while you possess him, he will fall down the ladder. Apparently dwarves cannot multitask.Also sometimes when you have possession of a dwarf he will not use the ladder but tries to scale the cliffs himself, but the code does not allow this as there is a ladder. So there are a few annoying bugs, but most can be solved simply by stop possessing him for a second, before regaining control. Annoying, but something that is being worked on right now (read more on the forum for known bugs).Conclusion:I have seen many released games with more bugs (X-rebirth anyone?), even big AAA titles (Yes Rome2, I'm looking at you!). Had this game contained all 5 levels (As it seems they want to include in the final game - I still hope for more levels as DLC), I would not feel this was a bad purchase for 12-15€ or whatever I paid for the game in its current state.With the developers being very good at maintaining a frequent patching frequenzy I am sure this game will soon be without bugs. Then this game is an absolutely must buy!Final verdict:Graphics: 7/10Gameplay: 9/10Replayability: 8/10Value for money: 10/10roughly 10 hours gameplay pr. level time 5 levels = 50 hours of fun gameplay. Add another 50 if you want the endless sandbox mode and want to obtain everything.So 100 hours of gameplay for 1/3 the price of an AAA title? This is a must buy title!!!Oh yeah, and when the Dwarves charge to battle, they scream something incoherent that sounds like ""On to da turd"". For that laugh alone the game is worth it's pricetag."
,Recommended,248390,11467253,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"This is a really fun game with quite a bit of depth and craftables. I'd recommend it at full price, but on a sale - it is a must-have (especially if you are a fan of Gnomoria, Terraria, etc.). What you see is pretty much what you get."
,Recommended,248390,8802578,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,skyscan29,"Still in early stage, but updates are frequent and a blast to play :)"
76561197971288377,Recommended,248390,11929592,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Maniifold,Terraria meets Dwarf Fortress.  This one is a fun little sleeper that you'll lose sleep to.  I just wish you could sell items to that shop!
,Recommended,248390,11913287,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,josen5108,"A great game that will draw you in and then never let you go.  I have restarted this game who knows how many times and each game play just makes it that much more fun.  The developers are constantly updating so no fear that you are buying into a ""dead"" game.As for the game itself it is a sandbox styled game that is reminiscent of Minecraft. (Hate to compare games, but when the shoe fits...) Instead of having one person however you have a team dwarves that go around and complete your assigned task.  I will note that this does not seem to be a perfect setup as several times I have had major needs unfulfilled and yet my team is off digging randomly.In short, great game, few bugs in my opinion really worth giving a go.Thanks!"
,Recommended,248390,11667612,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,HX.billymom2,wished they added a cheat mode were you can spawn any blocks but still be game play like creavite sorry for bad spelling other then that it a really great game
76561198065796494,Recommended,248390,11810494,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,LondonInFlames,"The game is pretty solid already. It's a good casual game which allows you to play it as you want. Additional points game gets because of the developers - the game gets constantly updated and polished. £12 pounds for this game is perfectly justifieable.Get it if you like this kind of games, it's doesn't feel unfinished and can be played as long or as little as you want."
,Recommended,248390,11943893,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,DSniper,"tldr: a very fun game with a good tech tree and progression, the game can only get better with time as the devs have been pushing out a lot of content, including correcting many of the things that had been mentioned in the cons section of the most rated review here done by ""memery31""."
76561198034613365,Recommended,248390,14398130,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Starkilla,"I recommend this game to anyone who is thinking about buying it. This game is an enourmous amount of fun and as it is still in its beggining stages and its already as good as it is, i can only assume future updates will make the game even more fun and user friendly. For anyone who is thinking about buying it but still is kind of wondering what its about and what the game will bring, let me give you a basic rundown of my experiance with the game. I am currently 46 hours and 23 minutes in and im just beggining to bring my world to life. There is endless amounts of things to do and in this game no matter what you do theres always a way to expand onto what you already did. The monsters are very creative and at 46 hours and 23 minutes in they are not to be taken lightly. So really to anyone thinking of buying it, it is well worth the 19 dollars or however much it is when you are reading this."
76561198017663033,Recommended,248390,8047546,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,LcplSiebold,"This game is great, easy to learn but a challenge. Great gameplay and some fun moments. I have enjoyed it a great deal. Cant wait for the new content!"
76561198044258115,Recommended,248390,32992590,Posted: 29 June,all,Bonobo,"I really am enjoying this game. It's pretty challenging at times and for the most part the controls make sense (although the controls for selecting and cycling through the dwarves is suboptimal IMO).The graphics and sound are charming and relaxing. This game doesn't really get my heart pounding which is nice sometimes, I have plenty of other games for that.I also think it's cool that the individual dwarves gain skills and level-up. Being able to equip them gives a personalized feel and results in a connection to them as individuals so they don't just all feel like ""drones"".Once a band of (fairly inexperienced) dwarves decided to build a ""house"". Materials were limited so it was mostly made of dirt.So the dwarves endeavored to tunnel deep into the earth and find the very valuable minerals among the deep dark secrets of the world. And soon they had dug a deep, steep pit and lo and behold, there were very valuable minerals there!But the dwarves lived in a rugged land where the trees were few and they had not wood for ladders. They had dug the pit too steep and too few of them were skilled in climbing.Soon, in their fervor and greed to reach the precious metals below, the dwarves each in turn lost their grips and slipped and tumbled into the deep pit to their grievous injuries and deaths.And thus ended the little band and a lesson learned to me; Don't dig straight down without ladders unless you have climbing skill.Did anyone else think this game's mechanics would work really well for an ant colony simulator?"
,Recommended,248390,7917106,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Leana Tora,"I've been looking for a game that looked like this,  bit of terraria but then with group of dwarves. instead of you alone."
,Recommended,248390,11416158,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,ryry117,"**WARNING** This review is extremly bias towards the game as I find it amazing and a shame that these awesome devs are not more popular, so here's my extra two cents to try and help the game out.Let me tell you about this beautiful gem of a game. It starts on the outside with very light dwarf fortress gameplay meets gorgeous terraria like art, but that's just what you observe without playing it.First, the community, players are super helpful at answering questions, content sharing is a bit on the low here, the subreddit has more of thathttp://www.reddit.com/r/CraftTheWorld/. This includes the devs, I've wasted around $30 on ♥♥♥♥♥♥ early access games that take the money and run, the constant news and updates here are looking promising that this is not the case, I see a lot of potential still in this game and hope many updates are to come.Now, actually going into the game, first thing I noticed just looking around, the artwork, again, is amazing and unique. The background, the sky, the underground all beautifully polished. Next is the amount of resources, wool to mythril resources and everything in between are in the game, I'll let you mostly imagine the possibilities this leaves, but I'll name a few: Statues, carpets, walls, bookshelves, ect. Pretty much whatever you want your base to look like, you can, and it will turn out awesome, I'm guessing you can't picture this through my words so I've taken a samplehttp://imgur.com/F3LYqH8.What was guarding his base you ask? Turrets, definitely something new brought to the genre with this game is wooden and tesla turrets that protect your base from the waves of monsters that come. These turrets are well balanced and on their own don't completely wipe the monster waves, normally that's up to your men while the turrets support, though, as seen here, you cheese base designs to effectively let turrets do all the work if you so choose.Next the monster, anything from your average skeleton and zombies to goblin tribes that set up shop acrossed from you and giant underground demons are in this game, if you've played terraria, the large demons are close in scale to their bosses but changed gameplay wise because of this being a rts.Well, I hope I've done the game some justice, ultimately it's your decision on if you get the game or not but I STRONGLY recommend it. Cheers!"
76561198006529095,Recommended,248390,18110155,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Bvycvt,"First time playing, dig, dig, dig, accidentaly find below the dwarfs a giant mob (later found out is called scroll keeper) so I command my dwarfs to mine some blocks above his home, little did I know that his home had a hole at the top and stuff mined by the dwarfs dropped is home at his feet. So my genius dwarfs go inside to pickup the loot and take a f- ton of damage. I opened a portal for them to leave, but they keep coming back to get the loot! Ahhhhh... they all died trying to get the loot.10/10 - Would watch Dwarfs loot again"
,Recommended,248390,17901975,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Sreyb,"This game is GREAT. Very fun! Just one high note, the workers are intelligent; they will pick up jobs that may be on their way to a destination or other job."
,Recommended,248390,18216925,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,The Cotton Candy of the Jungle,"This game is incredibly fun but isn't without it's problems.The AI is often a bit weird and clunky.. I found myself watching my dwarves going about their business and sometimes getting frustrated about their pathing and who does what. Even attempting to manually control them via giving them commands to Eat or Sleep can be weird, sometimes I found myself having to give them the command more than once before they'd actually go and do it. Taking direct control is also clunky and usually not even worth it. Even with their AI and pathing problems it's just easier to let them figure it out themselves than to take control and immediately feel confused about how to do anything and be slower about it. They also aren't 'smart' enough with some commands, like digging.. if you want them to dig in an area you have to be ready to babysit them a bit, because if you mark a bunch of stuff at once the game will sometimes cancel all the options because the blocks behind the first block are not 'reachable'.Still... I did enjoy this game. I would honestly have more hours on it if I didn't keep myself from playing it, because once I start I keep on playing until the afternoon of the following day and I regret it. It's incredibly easy for time to slip away from you as you play this, it's a very 'well one more action here, and oh, i found some new stuff, and I need some wood, so I'll queue these up and then I totally will take the dog for his evening walk oh♥♥♥♥♥♥it's already 4am' sort of game."
,Recommended,248390,18691963,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Kitsune Dzelda,"... This game is an interesting introduction to casual games for me.I chop a tree.  You get an experience.You kill a skeleton.  You get an experience.You learn how to put a wooden helmet on.  You get a lot experience.You mine rocks?  Oh wow, I must be amazing or the Second Messiah or something!... I think Ive played so many games that actually encourage challenge and immediate death to your vitals that playing a game like this is much like shaking a rattle in front of a baby who is in fact armed with a morninstar and several gallons of Red Bull.After gaining several levels in the first campaign consecutively for figuring out how I did a Torch, I am so afraid of progressing in this game simply because of the PTSD flashbacks from Dark Souls.  I didnt even know you could get those from a video game.Regardless, play it.  Have fun.  Because its a casual game..... right?   Just...  Im watchin you game.  Any game that gives you THAT much stuff at the beginning is plotting death at the end.  Im onto you."
76561198118440474,Recommended,248390,11565016,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,CommanderSyfe,Such a great game they made it so much better with the update and its a great game in all. Maybe in the snow world and desert world they can have a differnt tech tree and ores for coal put sulfur and titanium for mithril? Great game highly reccomended. Multitude of playability. One of my all time favorite games.. Serioulsy. Probably the best $18.99 i have spent on an early access game. Highly reccomended for people who enjoy bossing little people around. I just really wish the developers would think about different tech trees for even more playability.
,Recommended,248390,11734240,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Celador,One of the few constantly updated and improved early access games i bought. It resembles Terraria but blocks are a lot bigger and easier to manipulate. There are some bugs left and AI could've been better but it seems that developers are dealing with this at the moment.I still don't like fighting waves and would've preferred to build and mine more.
,Not Recommended,248390,30825168,Posted: 29 March,all,Grand Soft Kuma,"I bought this game years ago, played it on and off, and I actually enjoyed it. I came back to it recently, hoping to make some similarly good memories.Bluntly, I was disappointed.While the crafting is easier than it was, and the dwarves seem slightly smarter, those are the only praises I can sing. The enemies seem stronger AND more numerous than before, and the ore in-world actually seems more sparse, leading me to believe there's been a ramp to push the DLC; one gives you mini-biomes you can get ore and coin from, the other adds female dwarves and pets that can fight for/with you. The end-game bosses (Scroll Keepers) have also been jacked up SIGNIFICANTLY, forcing you, the player, to equip all of your dwarves with end-game gear you'll need to farm coins to buy, or purchase the DLC to visit biomes to make. I'm not against people making money -- I'm an artist, I draw commissions for a living. I've dabbled in game design.What I AM against is people forcing DLC to make a game playable without farming -- it's not quite pay to win, but it's not far off. If Steam had a way to roll back before the updates that were DLC-balanced, I'd definitely recommend this game; but in it's current state, unless you're willing to buy the DLC, and have friends to play with, it's a grinding simulator atop a buggy game."
,Not Recommended,248390,33110926,Posted: 1 July,all,aetheriality,"the game itself is definitely fun and addicting, kinda like terraria or blockheads, but the dumb AI and several bad designs like the UI makes the experience ultimately frustrating. i would recommend the next version if those elements are improved."
,Not Recommended,248390,30825159,Posted: 29 March,all,Stalker1o2,Dwarf AI is garbage.
76561198042793353,Recommended,248390,20399302,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Nedrial,"7 pm: hey, a new game, let's try it out, looks funny. I'm not really a fan of side-view, but this looks nice.1 am: hm, I wonder how much time has passed.. let's look at the... oh,♥♥♥♥♥♥ I have to go to bed, I really have to.. oh, my dwarves get attacked and hey, they found silver ore! Just mine this real quick. 5 minutes..3 am: several 5 minutes later..Long story short, love the game!"
,Recommended,248390,7866268,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Lehkeri,"Rarely I come across a game as addicting as this one. The graphics are awesome, and the dwarves are hilarious, albeit a bit simple. The premise is also good, dig stuff up, craft objects from materiel and defend your very fort, the fort you yourelf built from scratch. Even as an alpha, this game is highly recommended!"
76561198052194793,Recommended,248390,9818025,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Brassmatic™,"Awesome game! When I first bought this I poured many hours into it, it was barely even early access, had a big ton of content. Highly reccomend if you like this type of game!"
,Recommended,248390,10751432,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Martinovdz,"This is a great game, somewhat like terraria but in this game you control a tribe instead of one guy.The crafting system is very solid. There is loads of things you can craft. The craft tree unlocks more crafting recipes the more things you craft which makes this game really fun because you discover new ways to protect your base and you do this how you want it to be done."
76561197972362577,Recommended,248390,28471217,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Grinnij,"As of late i've been pretty picky about what i play and dont get to dedicated for a game for more then a few hours unless its immediatly intrigueing in some way or draws me in.This is one of the special ones for me, I had this sitting in my library and never even touched it for quite a long time, out of boredom i decided to try it and the first hour or so i wasent to impressed felt like something people have already done similarly but as I learnd the game i found out just how great it really was.So the biggest factor about this game for me is probably the versatility in what you can do. you have to have food. you have to get resources to build your structures and better equipment and theres a multitude of ways to go about it all.The dwarfs get bored if you dont feed them a variety of foods. theres constant dangers even after you get pretty well situated theres not really a way around the challenge as i have yet to come across.The replayability is also there. one thing i fear only playing for the 20 or so hours i have. is that once you do it once you did it all but..the cool thing is theres different environments which add unique challenges and makes you think about things a little differently the next time through. and there is definitly a learning curve to efficiency.Another really nice bonus about the game that i really enjoyd and one that i didnt realise was in the game untill i playd it was the fact that each dwarf is unique in himself. you give him the equipment you want, and they all come with a different skill. you can also get them new skills so it's like having a bunch of mini playable character. except you dont play them. although theres that option aswell to a extent.while everything in the game doesent sound all that impressive or new. its the combination of it all. it's got a little bit of everything in it and i think thats what makes this game ultimately great.Another good thing about it is the devs are still working on it and its continually getting updates and they even go the extra mile to add in holiday events and do their best to respond to what the people are interested in most.this game is well worth it as is, and in the future this game could be perfect. i would spend good money on this if i knew what it was before i playd it. and im a bit of a tight wad.This game in its current state though does have a few bugs i dont particularly appreciate but it doesent break the game for me at all its still incredibly enjoyable. just ocassionally frustrating. all games normally have something wrong with them and atleast the ones ive expirienced so far doesent degrade its value its very well built and polished considering the minor issues ive expirienced.With that said i would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a fairly casual sandbox/rts/simulation type game. anyone who likes games like Terraria, 7 days to die, minecraft, city builders, and other types of games like that im sure would enjoy it. it's worth trying out if thats your thing and your looking for a new game to play for awhile."
76561198029754254,Recommended,248390,10647433,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Blueapple820,This Game is quite fun. A little confusing at first but once I got the hang of it I found myself playing for hours. A game you could really lose track of time with.
76561198013228153,Not Recommended,248390,24626310,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Go vegan or eat my butthole,"Game is very promising, but fails. the AI is terribly designed.Why come out with DLC when there is plenty of bugs to fix in the first part of the game, don't waste your time with this crap."
76561198169452473,Not Recommended,248390,31109521,Posted: 12 April,all,枪法随缘,"Ridiculous AI. Not even close to rimworld. If you delete your file, you have to unlock all levels start beginning."
,Recommended,248390,26257512,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,mario is my bro,This Game satisfies my hunger for side scrolling -  rts - management - bulding and crafting games
,Not Recommended,248390,10709517,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Nightwielder,"In a nutshell the game takes influences from Dungeon Keeper, Dwarf Fortress, Minecraft, and Terraria.You start out with a single dwarf who has to pave the way for a maximum dwarven industrial revolution on a pristine world. Your only hindrance being native goblins, ant nests, and rampant undead trying to make your day worse. The gameplay is rather casual, and involves a lot of waiting, but the presentation is fun, and you end up staring at what your dwarves are doing as they go around their menial labour that you've set out for them. The biggest challenge seems to be the first few days in the game, after which you have probably, and hopefully, unlocked more dwarves, and cleared most of what the game has to offer. Rest is just going down the technology tree towards the final unlockables, which by estimation takes around 10 hours of gameplay, after which you have the chance to start again on a slightly larger map with a little bit more challenge.Sadly, the game gives all the crafting recipes as unlockables, so there is nothing to actually discover, and you end up moving the ingredients one by one into grids. All of which could have been replaced by simply having a craft menu with required ingredients listed. Makes one wonder if the function was added for the sake of copying Minecraft.Many hours of fun if you're into designing your own private haven, sadly the limited resources mean that you have to restart the cycle in order to keep the game fresh. Apart from building, the game has very little to offer, and I would suggest taking any of the games which the game takes influences from. They all do what Craft the World does, except better in their own niché.The game title is misleading, you don't craft the world, you make a base in it and exploit the natural resources."
76561198020822205,Recommended,248390,28980632,Posted: 3 January,all,Y'Golonac,"This is my chillout game.AI is far from perfect but i gotta look after my dwarfs, yo.Lot's of fun.Good balance of chillax and challenge.Hope there's more DLC's.Sequel would be winning.I would advise you buy this game if it seems good by the reviews you've read.Read a few, get an idea.I got over 250 hours in.Events can be fun but rock your dwarves some OP stuff.Fun but a button to switch events of would be nice.I wanna go back to vanilla.Anyway all in all a fun game and relaxing yet challenging."
,Recommended,248390,13032797,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Chixdiggit,"Text review below video.http://youtu.be/wE3PUGk-pZwI really like Craft the World and give it a reccomendation, though I do have some issues with it.Keep in mind that I have never made a game in my life. Well I made some simple ones with the help of programs like RPG maker and the such, but I really can not speak on how difficult it is to make games of this scope. The reason I say this is because all though this game is a lot of fun and totally worth a buy it has some problems that seem like they would be very easy to fix.Why on earth for example do we need to drag and drop every single ingrediant to the crafting table? Or why do the right and left mouse buttons do different things depending on what you are clicking on? Why can we not change the key bindings? Many other examples of minor but annoying design issues exist that seem like they would be a quick fix.Still, nothing that you can't get used to. The annoyances are worth the fun."
,Not Recommended,248390,30891217,Posted: 1 April,all,慕长风,"I bought this game for playing crafting things and the sense of freedom. But I was so disappointed and didn't feel the freedom as I espected. The dwarves are so stupid and the settings of this game is so unfriendly.The settings of the workers AI are terrible. To build a long ladder, I have to watch the little foolish dwarf go and get just one piece of ladder from the base which is so far away and come back to install it ........AND repeat it again and again.Of course I can directly control one of them, but when I intend to build a big house or a huge one, I finally find it very inefficient. That would be a disaster...........Besides, the mechanism is very unfriendly, especially the tech tree which is made so complicated. When I want to make an iron pickaxe, I find that I need a furnace. Then I intend to make the furnace, but I find that I need water. Then I intend to get the water, but I find that I need a barrel. Then barrel, But timber. Then timber, But workbench. Then workbench, but table. WTF!!!Finally I made the workbench, but why it is working so slowly?! Oh! I forgot that you can not make an iron pickaxe when you find iron mine, cause you need to make enough things to unlock the corresponding part of the tech tree. what a rubbish setting.Compare with this, minecraft is much better. After you got a workbench, when you found stones, you can make stone pickaxe; when you found iron mines, you can make iron pickaxe after smelting the iron ores in the furnace which is so easily made; when you found diamonds, you can directly make a diamond pickaxe on the workbench without any other redandunt, boring and unfriendly processes.Oh!! What SHOULD NOT be neglected is that    this game is d*mn buggy!  The bugs just made me want to throw the developers out of the window of a ten-storey building.After finishing this review, I even want to install minecraft right now.......:(So I don't recommend this game."
76561197962657563,Not Recommended,248390,32550845,Posted: 18 June,all,Drat,"Not a horrible game, but not what I'm looking for.  I was lured in by the tower defense tag, but this is NOT a tower defense game at all. There are a couple of useless towers but no tower defense strategy.  As the name implies, this is a crafting game.  You craft tiers of stuff that you don't need just so you can unlock more tiers of stuff that you don't need.  The monster waves grow stronger over time making this a race to gather mats and unlock crafting tiers so that you can craft stong enough armor and weapons for your dwarves to survive.  You just have to craft a million chandeliers, decorative chairs, and wall ornaments to unlock the next tier of armor.- The rushed pace prevents a casual exploration and defense building play style.- since monster portals open right next to your base, you pretty much have to accept partial base destruction and just rebuild.- The world you're on is VERY tiny,  Maybe seven screens wide and four screens deep.If the world were large, like other 2D survial games, and you were able to explore at your own pace, build a defense, and then summon monsters when ready, this would be a good game.  As a hurry up and craft a million things game, it's boring."
76561197970461867,Recommended,248390,17260994,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Kameroo,This is a really solid little sandbox game. Takes a lot of elements from games like Dwarf Fortress. Add an RTS element and gives you a retro 2D perspective with tons to explore like Terarria. Really solid graphic design also. The learning curve is a bit steep but it's really fun once you get going!
,Recommended,248390,8510315,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Clawdius,"Craft the World is surprisingly polished for a game in Early Access, there are some relatively minor issues with the game but nothing that can't be overcome to find an enjoyable experience. While it takes quite awhile to really get your dwarves to the point where they can defend themselves in an unforgiving world, most of the progression is relatively straightforward. Some of the early game quests could be ordered in a more logical fashion, the game won't mention that you have to place food on tables in order for your dwarves to consume it until well after your dwarves are complaining of being hungry. *This has since been addressed*Some resources are still being balanced as far as scarcity in the early stages of the game, but the recently introduced store means that if you're in need of some wool and haven't seen a sheep in ages you can always buy some for a few gold coins which you'll find interspersed throughout the landscape.If you enjoy 2D sandbox style games you owe it to yourself to check out Craft the World, an attractive art style and entertaining gameplay along with regular updates ensure that this title is well worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,248390,8393569,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Butt Mom,"For an early access game, this is quite good, though highly frustrating. At this point the problems are things like the AI being annoying and there not being a stop/cancel action function, really poor pathfinding, enemies spawning too close to your house (including at the door past your defences!), but otherwise it's okay. My biggest problem is that the tech tree is rather boring as you have to progress through every menial object including about 5 types of window to get to the good stuff, lumbering you with heaps of useless items which you don't seem to be able to destroy (and having crafted them, they're permanently marked in your inventory even if you don't have stock).Basically it's very annoying, but addictive...for a while."
76561198080735307,Recommended,248390,8182853,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,PsyChucky,I found this a refreshing new playing style. Play at an relaxed pace and with a highly addictive style. Just after a few minutes you cannot get enough of this game. Its in Alpha now but i see in the changelog that the dev is on top his game so i have no worries about the game reaching completion. in my opinion this is a musthave.
,Recommended,248390,8193797,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,lart,"One of the more polished early access games that doesn't really feel like one.It's a mixture of games. Overall it plays like Dwarf Fortress and a bit like Dungeon Keeper in a side-scrolling Terraria setting with Minecraft crafting.The Dwarf Fortress part is obviously not that complex, but you can still feed, name, equip, somewhat skill your dwarfs. Dwarfs get tired, claim beds, need comfort, run to/from fights and complain.The side-scrolling 2D setting feels like the best compromise as of yet to abstract DF interface and the not so great tries of building 3D representations of other games.There is a lot to craft, in the typical Minecraft way, though the crafting process itself is a bit cumbersome.The game isn't easy, at least in the beginning and the pacing of the game can be best described as slow.Graphics are great and polished, the music and sound effects are also nice, though the snoring of the dwarfs can be a bit annoying. The only technical difficulties right now are Dwarfs getting stuck, but you can take control of any of them and fix this."
,Recommended,248390,8207883,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Ripp Torn,Verry good casual game
,Recommended,248390,8212351,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,arcanumveritas,fun little game ... minecraft + dwarves as a platform game ...Very few bugs that I've found.
76561197969131571,Recommended,248390,8212441,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,The Irish Guard,Great Game
76561198022863717,Recommended,248390,8223733,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Jakkal,An exciting mix of things we've seen before.
,Recommended,248390,8231345,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,octo-antina.py,"It's awesome! How the game looks, presents itself, the small things like skeletons making a ladder out of themselves helping other foes get your dwarfs... fantastic. I've played Dwarf Fortress a bit, seen Gnomoria and played Minecraft and Terraria a lot and I'll say that Cratf The World is indeed a combination of those mentioned above but still provides a unique experience.On the other hand, there are some bugs (it's early access game and you really feel it sometimes), the AI acts weird and restarting or replacing dirt helps new trees grow... seriously xD I run out of trees/wood and had to restart the game (not start over from scratch, just turn off and on again) to get some.Despite bugs it's still quite playable and I personally can't wait for the final release. Good job devs! I've been waiting for something like CTW for quite a while. You've got my pickaxe!"
,Recommended,248390,8239603,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Alex101,"Great game and loads of fun!Slowly loss of interest as you contine, however take the game slowly and remember its only Alpha!Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,248390,8749016,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,DaScorpion,"I have been a long time fan of Terraria and also Minecraft, so I was a little hesitant about getting this game in the fear of it falling way short. I was badly mistaken. This game is a great and addicting game. The artwork is great, the gameplay is loads of fun. It's Terraria meets tower defense. Plenty of items to craft lots of space to explore and build. What I like is that you have these elves that you control and have them do your deeds. If you like the game Gnomoria, this is exactly what that game is, only so much better graphics and sound. I bought this game during the Winter Sale 2013 and I'm glad I did, but even so well worth the $15 it's on the store. Again, if you enjoy those types of games, this is a must to own."
,Recommended,248390,10945226,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,willpill35,If your the kind of person who likes to command people and build buildings of your own design then this is the game for you at the time of me righting this review i have about 70+ hrs already logged into this game and have only had it about a week.  This is a must for anyone that likes to build and command
,Recommended,248390,11020392,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Reaper Venomhowl,so fair ive love plying this game just made to the 2nd world and its a bit harder to get everythinggoing but im making do with it
,Recommended,248390,10696315,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Beppolope,"holy jesus the addiction is real, stupid name though"
,Recommended,248390,10709175,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,knxrb,"This is a really good game, that's super fun to play, and looks great :)Definitely my current favourite game, and worth buying even when not on offer."
,Recommended,248390,10736514,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,alana.swanson,"Surprisingly addictive, yet also relaxing.  There is sometimes a problem when my computer screws up (overheats or locks up), I have to go to the directory, delete the files and use the .bak files for it to have the progress.  Learned that the hard way."
,Recommended,248390,10801340,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,T ⚓,"Keeping this down to the point.If you're into games that consist of constructing, this game is great & you'll be entertained for hours to come.I would not play any other game mode than the story line, because the game will get rather boring if you do.It is like every other game, once you beat it/get to a certain point, the game gets boring.But! For $12 on sale now, or regularly $15, I would say it's worth the purchase.Looking to see multilayer added into the game. Until then, 7/10"
76561198049269016,Recommended,248390,10881633,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,soul_gem,"This is a fun little crafting game where you control a group of dwarves. You start off with one dwarf who has nothing but a knife and you collect basic resources from the world, such as wood, earth, food, etc, and store them in your stockpile. Once you begin to collect resources, you are able to craft different items (for example, wood + stone = pickaxe). You can make armor, weapons, furniture, cook, fish, and a bunch of other things. Crafting allows you to level up. Every time you level up, your population of dwarves grows by 1 and you are able to accomplish more in a shorter amount of time. You will want to build a shelter before too long because monsters come out at night to attack your dwarves. You can either try to fight them off or hide in your shelter instead. Your dwarves can die, but when one does, another one generates in 5 minutes to take his place, so it's never really an issue.It's a pretty easy game to get the hang of and you'll probably play for hours at a time like I do. The only negative thing about the game for me is that your dwarves can be kind of stupid at times (especially when you have a lot of them at once - I have 10 at the moment), such as attacking monsters when their health is low, getting lost in tunnels, doing things that don't make sense, etc. But I think that's a small price to pay for such an addictive game. I'd definitely recommend picking it up, especially if you can get it cheap. I think I got it for $7 and it was worth every cent."
76561197970479835,Recommended,248390,9409411,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,iainh666,An almost flawless combination of Dwarf Fortress and Terraria.  It's very polished for an early access game.
,Recommended,248390,10676001,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Dogmaticus,"It's difficult to write a ""review"" after playing a game for less than one hour. However, I do feel like sharing my impressions.I never got into Minecraft, SOE Landmark seemed nice, but got me bored quickly. For some reason I felt like I should try this game. I bought it in Steam summer sale, and... I'm absolutely enchanted. It's a great management game, combined with cool crafting. Yeah - it's 2D, but my imagination is more than enough to see how amazing my dwarven halls are becoming! It's like being the force behind crafting Moria :D.Really cool, interesting, engaging game. It makes you think, plan, and above all else - HAVE FUN!It's hard to imagine that it's still Early Access, as it's already pretty polished!"
,Recommended,248390,7921552,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Warkarma,"A really fun game even in its early access.The game is a nice mix of Dungeon Keeper, Minecraft and Terraria."
76561198055212194,Recommended,248390,7922669,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Asurian,its like virtual crack
76561197976884847,Recommended,248390,7976184,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Aether,"This game is awesome! Lives up to expectations.Still a few minor bugs, and tweeks needed for better game balance, but you can already get a deep undertsanding of what the game's about in the alpha.I played till 4am... I just couldn't stop,"
,Recommended,248390,7978293,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,defect55,Fun combination of Minecraft and Dungeon Keeper
76561198043611724,Recommended,248390,7990181,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Homalox,"This is like Terraria, bu-u-u-u-u-ut it's not Terraria!"
,Recommended,248390,8022248,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Osati,"Great fun, Like a mix of Terraria and Dwarf Fortress.. with the addition of dungeons and regular foes."
76561197972304541,Recommended,248390,9484545,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Gidbot,"I have really enjoyed this game, I have.  There are a few things I think would make the game more enjoyable, and in some cases less of an aggravation.1) Allow the  sandbox mode to eliminate the regular invasions.  As of now the invasions occur about every 40-45 minutes, and they last quite awhile and often times early on it's just too much to handle without incurring some losses and more importantly the loss of time it takes to recover from said invasion.  If you are like me, and you've played through a campaign or two and you just want to build, the 40-45 minute invasions, while it may seem a long time is much much too regular and completely aggravating when all you want to do is clear out that last tunnel to make room for your long railroad. As of now, Tech mode, Sandbox, and the campaign all allow for these pesky massive invasions.2)More actual useful spells.  Magic light isn't all that helpful, imp spell doesn't help a whole lot and in some cases crashes the game, horn spell can be buggy.3)The AI is a bit odd, it would be nice to be able to assign multiple dwarves to specific tasks rather than have a few dwarves pass up the loot on the ground to go after that one block you qued up a long time ago at the very edge of the map.4)Speed up dwarf movement a bit or increase the carrying capacity.  I know the portal spell is suppose to remedy this situation for large mining excursions but damn they still move slowly when burdened and lug only, what 3 items?5)A second earlier back up save to each game might fix the problem I currently found myself into the game.  30 hours in and I have a critical crash bug at the point where the game decided to save.  So now any time I attempt to load this game it immediately crashes to desktop.  No I did not use imps, just 11 dwarves, massive invasions and way too much loot got to be a bit taxing I suppose.That's all from me I think, As I said before, I've really enjoyed the game and I highly reccomend it.  I really hope some of these issues are addressed in the future, and look forward to what's to come."
,Recommended,248390,17814147,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Snowy,The Good:A very good game with a decent storyline.The Bad:In the end it can get kind of grindy.The Ugly:The Bosses Are Very Hard To Beat!
,Recommended,248390,17996176,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Boboscus,"A great game, worth every penny, if you like challenging but fun games you should give this a try, you won't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,248390,14739411,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Jetpack John,"This is a very enjoyable game.  Perhaps the best short description would be a cross between Dungeon Keeper and Terraria.  It is a 2D side-view game and the sprites and graphics are really quite well done.Unlike Terraria, however, you do not control a character (well, you can opt to temporarily assume control of an individual dwarf).  Instead, you indicate what you want done (mined, built, attacked, etc.) and the dwarves will take care of it according to their AI priorities.  After the last major update I think any remaining AI pathfinding issues have been resolved.  I've played for many hours post-update and I haven't had any problems with dwarves getting stuck or being unable to find their way home.  Due to pathfinding, at least.One minor annoyance concerns filling in tunnels or pits.  If you order a bunch of blocks filled in, the exact order is unlikely to be the order you clicked on them.  As a result, depending on the layout of the tunnel/pit, a dwarf can be stuck at the end/bottom if the other end is sealed while they are busy filling the correct part.  Then you need to micromanage and reopen the area and fill only part at a time.  Fortunately, this particular issue does not occur very often.Even with my extremely positive view of the game, there are a few minor cons:Occasionally, there are some game mechanics which are unknown or confusing to the player (such as what a shelter is supposed to look like, or getting water on world 2).  A quick Google check will fix this, but the info should be in the game.You can't make a shelter without walls, a roof, and doors, but these items lay several layers into the tech tree.  The problem is that your dwarves cannot heal until you have a shelter with beds.Those are my biggest annoyances, but in the grand scheme of things they're rather minor.  A number of other reviewers have complained about the tech tree resetting when you reach a new world (there are a total of three), but I would liken it to starting a new game of Minecraft on a newly generated world - you don't start with anything advanced in that case either.Actually, I happen to like having the tech tree available.  It allows you to do a little bit of planning ahead, and having the recipes in-game means not having to check the Internet.  The first time you craft something you must drag materials onto the crafting grid, which is a bit silly.  Fortunately, after the first time you can simply click on the build button and the grid will be automatically filled for you which saves a lot of time and means there is no need to memorize the patterns (and there are a lot of them).Given the price to hours played ratio, getting this game is a no-brainer.  Even if I had no interest in playing the second or third worlds it would still be completely worth buying.  If you enjoy world building sandbox type games or you enjoy building-by-proxy type games (ala Dungeon Keeper) then you'll certainly enjoy Craft the World.  It's worth buying at full price, and if you see it on sale then you should immediately jump on it."
,Recommended,248390,10071646,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,kecin25,great game very fun to play when you got about 5-10 dwarves to play with.
76561198136314580,Recommended,248390,10104308,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Calz20,This Game IS SO GOOD i played it for 3 hours all together  and I haven't gotten too far but its still awesome
,Recommended,248390,8566158,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,henryforprez,This game is still in development but I think it has a lot of promise. I got a good 15 hours out of it in it's current state and I imagine I will put a lot more time in once the full game is released.
,Recommended,248390,10526043,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,lefirenet,"I bought my copy ages ago, still an unfinished game.Tried and gained my approval; three thumbs upI played straight 3 days, it didn't bore meThen I went on and off then on and offStill fascinates me every time.I just finished a world just now.And hell, I enjoyed it a lot.Then I noticed the version on the screen...""What the heck, its still an unfinished game"""
,Recommended,248390,11322728,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,HellsX,"Craft the World...what can I say except that this is Early Access done right! Now, be mindful, this is a very niche type of game. It's a 2d crafting/strategy/survival type game. You guide your dwarves to victory by showing them where to mine, cut, harvest, and fight. You gather your resources, build yourself a secure base and then seek out the parts of the portal to the next world. Survive, thrive, and build through your technology trees and ultimately build the portal and head to the next world.The pathing is a little goofy at times but in those cases you can take direct control of a dwarf and provide a bit more direct guidance. So far I have been looking for the downside to this game and I really can't find anything that stands out. It's well made, fun (if you like this type of thing) and good for spending lots of casual hours exploring, crafting, and in general just having a good time with your stalwart little fellows.It has a fairly large technology tree and the only one I had a bit of trouble with was the rail line which I am sure was my fault. I look forward to seeing what they come up with next. More tech, more enemies, and more fun? Maybe guns or crossbows?Either way, I am sold on this one and if you like games of this type then pick this one up for sure!"
,Recommended,248390,11769883,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Nirrtix,"Do you like terreria?Do you like funny Dwarves?IF so you will like this game. This game is like terreria with better sound and graphics, except you control many dwarves by guiding them in what needs to be done. It is jsut as addictive as terreri as well.Downsides... it is single player... (sadface)"
76561198085933243,Recommended,248390,11382261,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,jellykryptonite,"Only 3 more minutes until the next wave of undead.  After that, I'll go to bed.  I'll still get 5 hours sleep before work.  Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥  Mithril!  Better get that so I don't forget tomorrow.  Okay, only 5 minutes before the next wave of undead.  After that I'll go to bed.  I'll still get 4 hours of sleep before work.This game ruined my life."
,Recommended,248390,25789437,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Child of Promise Galatians 4:28,"Craft the World ReviewTL;DR - For those of you who don't want to read a ""wall of text"" this is for you. The game can be addicting, there is a lot to do, however, there is a lot of grinding involved and if you do not micromanage your dwarves later in the game you'll often find that they're off dying to something underground, on the surface or at night when you are telling them to go somewhere else to do something just because a ""threat"" is near the base.If you like grinding, repetative cycles of doing the same things over and over or mindless games where you click on things and watch your own personal minions...errr dwarves doing things then this game is for you. However, if ignorant AI killing themselves would seriously frustrate you then I would stay away from this game because later on the dwarves get their brains eaten by zombies.If you can master building a good base, good defenses early on, and get your dwarves with some decent gear on and pets (MUST HAVE SISTER IN ARMS DLC) then it can help a LOT. I highly recommend making everyone but your archers wear solid armor, shields and weapons. Otherwise the beholders and bigger skeletons make mince meat of your dwarves.The Long Rundown of CTWPositive:Immersive gameplay with a lot to do. There is a bit of a grind and it takes HOURS to get to different tech trees (although some of the tech trees make no sense like why do I have to know how to make beds before I can make a spear to have better weapons than a stick to bonk zombies on the head with) The more you unlock the better comfort you can have in your home and the happier your dwarves are in general when they rest, they rest quicker, and plus it does look nicer (who wants to sleep on a wooden shelf of a bed anyways).The graphics for the game are quite nice and it's lovely with soothing music and it flows together quite nicely.Early on when the monsters are NOT overpowered and you have a decent base up on a hill, a tower of stone (2-4 bricks thick) or something of similar nature then you're almost impervious (later on though it's quite awful we'll get to that later on) and you can have fun building, mining and etc without much of an issue. If you can get some walls up blocking the entrance to your base, and then make your base only have one entrance you can avoid some hordes, night raids and put lots of traps down to make the monsters suffer before they try to rush you and kill you. Later on though the monsters can be a bit difficult so learn the tech trees ASAP for better weapons arnd armor.There are a lot of helpful ""guides"" on Youtube and some people that can give tips on the forums/discussions. The player base is usually friendly and willing to help if you ask a question. There is a wiki on the game too that is also helpful.There are a lot of save files and you can do Multiplayer coop maps for more resources and things so you don't run out on your ""base map"" so you can keep going almost indefinately until you ""complete"" all the objectives like killing scroll keepers, finding underground areas to explore and other things. They now have a multiplayer DLC where you can ""survive"" with friends and build a base to defend against the monsters, renewable resource veins and some other things to do so there is more ""replay"" value if you have friends who play CTW.Negative:Dwarves as smart as a box of rocks, and I mean a box of rocks...even the box is made of rocks. Later on in the game you'll have dwarves run into Troll areas, into lava, or into other areas that they shouldn't even be in. Warning signs are your friends and you have to use them liberally otherwise all you hear is the dwarves ""battle cry"" and a message popping up saying "" x Dwarves have died"" and their little Dwarven souls flying away. If there is an area that is ""dangerous"" such as an ant hill, troll area, etc, then it is best to put warning signs on BOTH sides of the area (use portal spell to get the dwarves there) so they don't EVER try to go into that area. If you don't ""block it off"" then they're likely to run in there and try to 1 vs 10 ants just to get eaten.Monster waves becoming increasingly and liberally more overpowered and bigger later on. I mean every game should have a challenge but when you're at level 10, you can't make steel armor yet or anything that's decent comparable to the enemy waves and you have 20 skeletons knocking down your door, some flying gargoyles, giant trolls and beholders coming in to eat your face. You know it's time to pack up shop and use your ""horn spell"" and have your dwarves rally somewhere else (but then you run into problem 1 and they fight stupid stuff on the way and die sometimes).Finding resources underground can be a bit obnoxious at times. Sometimes you'll find BIG clusters of iron, other times you find a few sparse areas here and there and the biggest issue is when you find some but it's the lining around an ant colony. Good luck fighting them any time soon in the game to get resources. You'd best dig elsewhere or you'll be meat for the masses and they'll pick their ant mandibles with your Dwarven bones. To face those foes you need solid armor, weapons, and all your dwarves fighting them at once with your fireball spell to help clear them out (the Horn spell will rally the Dwarves to the area you want just make sure they have no other assignments anywhere before battling ant hills or boss monsters).NOOOOOOO in depth tutorial. There are a few tips here or there about ""use this thing, use this spell and make sure you upgrade Dwarves"" but there is no in depth ""use these weapons against this type of enemy, or use this armor for this type of person, or this Dwarf is best if you use him here, or there and etc. It would be nice to have an in depth tutorial guide (not campaign) that says what you need to know to learn, do better and not be stuck later on going ""how do I decontruct tools, or what's a horn spell do, and etc"" and you are left searching Youtube to find answers to things you don't know or spending a lot of time on the Wiki trying to figure out how to progress when you get stuck or run out of resources on single player only to learn you must make a new portal to go to a ""multiplayer"" world that you can go into alone to gather coins, come back, and purchase what you're missing, rinse and repeat.There is no guide to the icons above Dwarves heads. Sometimes they have no meanings but other times they do have specific meanings. Like a mountain with a blue arrow means they're trying to find a path to what they need to be doing. Sometimes they'll have the same icon over and over and I can only wonder what my tiny little min....errr Dwarves want or need.The ConclusionIt is an aboslutely FUN game, but later on in late games when the Dwarves all lose their brains, die and can't do anything without dying it becomes an ABSOLUTE game KILLER until you learn how to manage them, keep them out of harms way and it's frustrating for new players. Once you understand what to do it's okay. If the AI was a bit smarter, we could get some kind of Workshop mod to fix their pathing, judgements on decisions or an option to ""retreat sooner"" so they don't wait until they have low HP it would be great. For the standard gamer that wants to kick back, relax and have some fun I have to say it can be frustrating. Maybe they'll put in a tutorial, scale down monster waves,  or make tech tree pathing unlockable in different ways so you can get better armor, weapons and other items you NEED sooner.Hope you enjoyed the review and I hope you found it useful. Thanks for your time reading this review and have a great day! :DEdit 1After purchasing SISTERS IN ARMS DLC the game is easier and more fun to play. I HIGHLY recommend the DLC to enjoy the game, so I am changing it to recommended."
76561198037141754,Recommended,248390,9106584,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,tsem13,"One of the most addictive games you will ever play.To the oldies : Have you played Lemmings ? , well you will find lots of similarities with Craft The World.So lets review :+Addictive as Hell !!!!!!!!!+Very nice Graphics and Sounds+Easy to learn+Unique game+Lots of improvement since Early Access that I've made the first review + a DLC (which I am afraid I still haven't been able to obtain it , I hope I will it this xmas) Very nice job here Devs.Lets go to the few negative ones-Only 4 world in the main Campaign-Music repeated all the time-Task Bar is a bit hard to master I would love to see it expanded so more items could be inserted.In General the game is awesome , it is a definite YES to buy it , worth every cent , 100% of fun and Developers really into it and updating very often.Dear Devs I wish you the Best with more success.Thanks for a great gameD.T From Hellas (Greece)"
76561197972732823,Recommended,248390,8457595,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Black Stormy,"This game gives you some actual purpose for digging to the core of the planet.  Many other crafting games have a good crafting system but don't really give you a reason to craft other than decoration or for fun.In this game, the baddies come for you at increasing ferocity and not crafting means not surviving... :)"
,Recommended,248390,8463082,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,neddread,"Awesome game. Now I'm not going to sit here and throw names like Minecraft and Terraria and Towns or Gnomoria at you......fiddlesticks, I just did. :pLook it's a little sprinkle of all of those titles with some great retro kids TV character animation. Been playing several hours and haven't felt that I was in an early access experience yet (you know the feeling). All current content looks polished and ready for the market and can't wait to see whats to come.Did I mention this is an awesome game?UPDATE Nov 2015: I am still playing and still enjoying this game after nearly 2 years. I can only say that about a few games spanning decades of play. Brilliant game."
76561197963000130,Recommended,248390,8355408,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Tabraxis,Highly addictive
76561198001536645,Recommended,248390,19730333,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,ajrarn777,"Surprisingly good game. And most of all, fun. Easy to learn, fun to play. I have a lot of fun to build a village and explore the ground. I need some learning to understand how to build a house, but once mastered it is easy. The crafting system is the BEST I have ever saw.My only complaint, they should NOT display all the research tree from the beginning.Also, it get a little repetitive. The research tree doesn't open new possibilities.My second complaint, why we can't use magic in single player... disappointed...My third complaint, the monsters are very hard in the beginning of the game. Damn goblins...."
76561198024630019,Recommended,248390,8941751,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,AtheosisX,"This is a great game.  It's not particularly original and it has some rough edges. but for an early access game it is very good.  Personally, I enjoy this game more than Terraria even with it being unfinished, but that's totally personal preference.  For me the slower pace and more strategic nature are perfect."
76561198040446853,Recommended,248390,8968763,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Poppa DM2,"Great start to what could be an epic world builder game. This game combines many games mentioned by others such as Minecraft, Blockheads, Lemmings and many others... I love the added danger of attacks which makes this feel like there is a reason why you must continue to strengthen and build your home/castle/base.... Can wait to get to the defensive towers to keep the baddies at bay... Highly recommend this well done game for just Alpha stage....Looking forward to beta and full release....KEEP AT IT VALVE!!"
76561197992579201,Recommended,248390,8944376,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Zé do Caixão,"Most excellent game!IMHO this game is not alpha, it's beta can't wait for the finished product it seems so close.Get this before it goes gold and the price goes up."
76561198047325793,Recommended,248390,8800114,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Scye,"Very fun and recommended game. My main and basically only problem with it is the pathing. It seems pretty buggy. The dwarves go back and forth a lot, especially on ledges."
76561198045944432,Recommended,248390,8764008,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Toadx,Very entertaining.  The tech tree really gives you a clear reason to keep moving onto the next step.  The way that the game gives you natural progression really keeps it interesting.  I'm interested to see what they have in store for the upcoming patches.
,Recommended,248390,8836855,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Sunbyn,"Not bad, since it early access. Room for improve, but as it stands worth the $15."
,Recommended,248390,8697664,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Dexterm,"This game is actually very good and i've had plenty of fun playing it. Absolutely was worth it to get into the early beta, many games at this stage are not as well polished. There are bugs, and it seems they do updates fairly often that help. Personally, i've not gotten to the point where i've unlocked everything in game because enjoy the starting point of it so much that I keep restarting."
76561198012199835,Recommended,248390,8655705,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,krashnik,This game is just epic.  I mean epic.  I enjoyed every second so far and will keep enjoying for a long time!
76561198117099911,Recommended,248390,10830220,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,MatrixMelon,its de besttttt
,Recommended,248390,8784402,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,roflgrenade,Very clever game that traps you in for hours at a time.
,Recommended,248390,7809070,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,TheBlazingPearl,"I love it so far. Need help doing more stuff, like how to get more of the crafting recipes. I hope I get the review answer. Thank you for letting me have the game."
,Recommended,248390,32841680,Posted: 26 June,all,Leekebot,Cheaper than drugs. Twice the addiction. 10/10 Would waste time again.
76561198004574208,Recommended,248390,16964930,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Dryani,"This game has INCREDIBLE depth, both literally and figuratively. It took me 10+ hours to get through the first stage in the campaign, and I enjoyed every bit of it.The gameplay is masterfully paced in a way that delivers a persistantly fun and longlasting experience."
,Recommended,248390,16880318,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Luna,"It's fun for what it is. A simple goal driven game with a random map generator to keep it intersting. I do wish the crafting was actually fun..It's not. it's just the means to get to the next level.   One gathers the required resources each round, craft, and go to the next harder level...with the exact same crafting goals.Even with that said, I do recommend this game, as I have had a lot of fun playing it. I LIKE resource gathering and hunting for that last boss room."
76561198129988822,Recommended,248390,17051737,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Westfield1990,"One of the most addictive games I've played in a long time, it reminded me of playing Dungeon Keeper in some ways, building your dwarves home, collecting resources, advancing them in level, tech tree upgrades and fighting off enemies, I simply love the gameplay.I like how more stuff keeps getting added to this all the time, I don't know about replay value yet as I've not put enough hours into playing, but it certainly is value for money so far in my opinion."
,Recommended,248390,16874501,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,yamitami,"When I first got this game I sat down to play it for about half an hour to try it out with the intent of moving on to other games I bought. Four hours later I was still playing XD It's definitely addictive and for all the right reasons.The game is straightforward in its mechanics and so I didn't have to muddle through a long drawn out tutorial. Just here, have some dwarves, you should build a shelter, and then further prompts were given through the missions/quests. Crafting recipes made sense and nothing was unreasonably expensive. The things that were expensive were either the really strong stuff or the luxury decorative stuff. I also really liked that wood was not slow to get. A lot of games that rely on crafting will have the trees grow unreasonably slow and since wood is a component in just about everything that can really drag you into a waiting game. In Craft the World the trees resprout quickly so it's just a matter of getting your dwarves out to cut them down.A lot of games like this will have you research a new technology and then after doing so give you the option to craft. This game skips that and you fully research a technology by crafting. Given that you don't have a huge number of dwarves to work with (so far I've gotten to 12 dwarves on the second world) this choice makes sense and frees up a dwarf from being stuck on a research table. Like the crafting recipes the tech tree has a reasonably logical progression.Equipping them is also straightforward with your usual grading up from leather and stone to iron and onwards to mithril. There's a good mix of melee, archers, and mages. The difficulty curve on the monsters matches fairly well, you don't see or can avoid the stronger enemies until your dwarves are reasonably outfitted. Once you hit level 4 you do get monster portals which unleash a wave of monsters on you so proper planning and fortification of your dwarves' home is a must, but that's what online tutorials are for XD It does get a little rough after a while when three portals are opening at once, but you can either build a stupidly thick wall with eight doors or go into the game files and tweak the numbers so the waves aren't quite as brutal.That's really the only major sticking point, though, and as I said there's options! It's definitely not enough to bother me for long. There are a few tiny bug issues, like sometimes when you call the dwarves home they'll get stuck, but if you take control of that dwarf for a second they bounce back and are cool, things like that which take a second to fix if that. Honestly the thing that annoys me is that there's no way to delete or possibly break down for resources older gear. My kids are running around with mithril, they don't need ten stone axes cluttering up the inventory XD But again, that's a nitpick and nothing that kills it.What I was pleasantly surprised about was the curve up. In campaign you have four planets that you unlock one by one. I was a little worried that the only difference in the second world was going to be a slightly larger map and maybe a few more monsters. However then out of nowhere the screen shook and my dwarves nearly got eaten and I probably shouldn't be as excited about that as I was XD There's tweaks to things with the second world and I expect the same will be true of the next two worlds to keep things interesting.I've owned this game a very short time and have already logged 50 hours on it. I definitely recommend it, just set an alarm to remind you to go to sleep sooner or later XD"
,Recommended,248390,16928765,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,The Dokta,"Another rehash of Dwarf Fortress (though I feel somewhat more faithful than others), Craft the World follows in a similar vein as Terraria and every other 2D side-on, grid-world game accused of being a Minecraft clone.What appealed to me specifically about this one is the ability to delegate tasks among a team of controllable characters, allowing them to build skills while creating increasingly better gear/environs for them to live in.Unfortunately - again, as is the case with so many Dorf Fawtwess remixes - the actual end product is a lot more stripped-down than I would have liked, with tasks almost arbitrarily assigned and a hell of a lot of struggling on the AI's end of things.Firstly, don't think you can leave your dwarves unattended:  They'll chase a pebble down a cliff into the waiting maw of some hideous monstrosity if you let them.  Alternatively, their AI might just choke, leaving them sitting on the spot until you give them a kicking (taking direct control for a while or recalling everyone to base seems to shake them out of it).  Furthermore, your dwarves are thick as bricks when it comes to combat, so you can expect them to die a lot on the higher difficulties because of their habit of leaving cover to crowdsurd the enemy horde.Secondly, there's no such thing as a quick game.  The fastest you can speed things up is double time and even then, your dwarves walk slower than a funeral procession.  Take into account some of the massive worlds you can generate and getting from one end to the other involves either spamming portal spells until your mana runs out or watching a movie while you wait for your guys to pick up a single log from the edge of the map.The tech tree feels a little restrictive, forcing you to create a certain number of objects before allowing you to progress, which can get super frustrating if your base spawned in an area almost devoid of, say, iron.  I understand that a 'sandbox' tech tree mode is available, I'm just saying that in the campaign, it feels a bit cheap to have to make bucketloads of nails when what my dorfs really need is a good pickaxe.Mind you, I've still managed to pour 65 infuriating hours into this game despite these shortcomings, and I'd say it's almost purely because I've got an unhealthy addiction to delegative fantasy sandbox worldbuilders with rpg elements.  This wasn't a great way to scratch that itch, but I'll recommend it to that very specific audience until I find something better."
76561198040734103,Recommended,248390,11541116,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,JavaSkeptre,"This game is being worked on still, but has plenty of content for how long its been out. I do recommend the game for how it looks, but playing the game may be a bit slow for some people who tend to be impatient when things are going to slow."
,Recommended,248390,11595724,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Annie2,"I've just spent 4 hours playing this game.  Only because I couldn't stop.  That should tell you how good it is, right there.  It's a bit too cutesy but if you like Terraria or Minecraft or etc, you'll LOVE this.  The cutesy graphics belie the deep crafting tree and the many things you can build here."
76561198013013013,Recommended,248390,11531744,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,cadain,"So far, i love the game its fun, and i like the idea of building just about anything i want. the only thing i dont see your able to craft are stairs... now yes there are ladders, but for the sophistacted dwarves and their mountain fortress, stairs would be awesome. other then that i would recommend the game to my friends,it may be early access , but its got A LOT of content, and feels like im playing terraria with bonus content with each patch!"
,Recommended,248390,11607793,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,☾ The Wolf In Blue ☆,"It can be kinda hard at first but once you get going this game is the most entertaining thing ever, who doesn't love dwarves? :D I love this game, 10/10"
76561198031329363,Recommended,248390,11562919,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,pikawu70,Definitely worth $15. It needs a bit of polish but the gameplay is solid. Hopefully they will listen to a lot of the feedback on the forums of how to make the game even more polished.
76561198008005797,Recommended,248390,11602002,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Asharru,"This review will probarly not be any different from many of the reviews allready there.But as far as i have been playing along, this game is great. addictive and just challenging enough. Keeps me playing ""just"" abit longer to get stuff and time flyes.Cons/ suggested approvements on the game is these:-would be nice to craft coins instead of just finding it.-hard to find good clusters of mirthril.-some research to make the skill books instead of just finding it.yea...more suggestions rather than cons, and i realize adding these things would ease up the difficulty level of the game too.. still its worth mentioning.game it self is 9.99/10 for me :)"
76561198019116892,Recommended,248390,14865488,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Fulkol,"It's an awesome game to play with, best of it's kind from the ones I played with.You realize that you just spent 5+ hours only when family tells you or it's get dark outside and you started playing in the morning.If I can say one bad thing about it that's the pathfinding of the dwarves but the devguys constantly updating that part.I recommend it to everyone, will buy it for iPad too in the next days"
,Recommended,248390,10954598,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,xwboy,"""I'm addicted... I play 2-3 hours of this game per day."" -xwboySo, yeah. This game is SO much fun to play. 2d games have never been my thing, but now this is my top game! I found out about this game while re-visiting my old YouTube favorite, paulsoaresjr's, channel. I was like, ""Craft the World? Who thought of that name?""Never judge a book by its cover.Pros -SUPER Deep WorldsEasy to LearnMonster invasions keep you working so you can defend against themGoblin attacks are unexpected, which causes the game to be a challenge in the begginingMany different bosses to fight30+ hours of game time on the 1st campaign levelCustomisable worldsRewards for working hard - NEW LEVELS!Craft tree is long and fun to completeCombat is easy to control and fun to doEnd-game portal guards/recipe holders provide a REAL challengeCons-Dwarves have an odd priority system (Killing sheep before mining mithryl?)Dwarves sometimes just stand in placeCrafting is click and drag, which makes it kind of boring"
76561198101652734,Recommended,248390,23787129,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,What a nice guy,+
,Recommended,248390,16428288,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,StickyHamster,"Just picked this up today in the Steam Summer Sale... for the short amount of time that I've played so far (2.5 hours) I've had a good game.  Its sort of a ""light"" dwarf fortress with graphics and such.Seems to be amazing so far, intuitive controls, nice music and graphics, fun gameplay.   I think I'm really going to like this one.  I'll be streaming more of it and will make a final decision on whether or not I can personally recommend it, but for now I'll say thumbs up.Review date is 6/15/2015, will respond to this review as I learn more about the game...p.s. been really looking forward to getting this game (Have seen it on YouTube) and jumped on it when it went on sale.  I'm a variety streamer and this looks like an ideal addition to my library."
,Recommended,248390,11515384,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,McGlu,"Awesome dwarf management sim. Lots of crafting, building, and exploring. Great 2D graphics and animation. Can't wait for v1.0."
,Recommended,248390,25940973,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,timetheos,"I have 40hrs into the game and I'm enjoying it so far.  Slightly glitchy at times, and I which there were some better UI tweaks that made it easeir to upgrade in-game structures, but I'm enjoying this game quite a bit.  I would definitly recommenc it."
76561198077552012,Recommended,248390,28947977,Posted: 2 January,all,Jade Lotus,Love this game it is fun and challenging!
76561198070472331,Recommended,248390,14553891,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Bobby,this is the best game ever dungen keeper and blocks cool
,Recommended,248390,9862188,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,akhsavi,"DisclaimerAll that's following is an impression of a person who hasn't played MineCraft, Terraria, Starbound or any similar games so far.Addicting, incredibly addicting… Before start pleasebe sure you currently don’t have important things to do.It’s about:helping little dwarfs to survive in dangerous world(s) by exploring it and developing technologies and themselves;crafting, crafting, crafting;“city management”, but in 2D and only on a scale of one house (or shelter);get into troubles.Why you should play this:because it’s good for you to help someone who’s smaller and can’t stand for oneself without getting a hand;you like crafting-oriented games;it’s just adorable to see how your dwarfs go through all troubles and conquering dangerous world;you’ve always wanted to try something like Starbound or Terraria, but they look for you either too big (content-overloaded) or ugly (I’m sorry, but it’s true);unlike Terraria or Starbound it offers indirect control - you just plan and point what to do, no reason to play solo on your keyboard or gamepad;unlike in Terraria, items and menus quite large - no reason to screw up your eyes;May, 21 - 4th world was added: finally, we can have GUNS and different craft tree.Why you may not like it:Terraria and Starbound veterans will be insulted with the amount of content for crafting and lack of opportunities;the craft tree is almost the same in first 3 worlds (there are a few tenuous changes): you develop it to maximum in one world, fix the portal to travel to another world and all that only for starting everything from scratch with the same technologies to explore; in my opinion it would be better to change not only the world's weather conditions but also time and add something truly new into craft tree;now there are 4 worlds available for playing – there’re no hints on any kind of story or campaign: you just have to travel from one world to another and survive walking through the same stages of developing, it makes the game quite monotonous;it doesn’t contain any save option up to your request: your actions are final, all your mistakes stay with you - you can’t replay it, game saves your progress only when you leave it;it’s probably will take over 130 hours to beat 4 worlds (25-35 hours per world plus replays if you want all of the achievements).Despite all flaws it’s fun, it’s entertaining – if you remember yourself playing Tamagotchi (or at least you know what it is), then give it a chance: highly likely you won’t regret."
,Not Recommended,248390,20722585,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Ariadne,"Craft The World is a survival sandbox game.  At the beginning of a level, you are given a single dwarf with no skills to boss around.  After certain milestones, your population increase one by one.  This game is challenging and frustrating at the same time.  I had to fail and retry over and over just to finish the first level.  This game is not really about building but more on survival.  There are some cave explorations and boss fights to do but they aren't the highlight of this game.  Resource balancing is crazy tough and you would really have to be very frugal with how you use each one of your resources.  For instance, not all my dwarves had the best pickaxes but only the professional diggers (even though they all dug at some point) or not all my dwarves had the toughest armors unless they were melee fighters.  Dwarves running out of food or lacking sleep can easily cost you your base that you've worked hard to build up.  There is a goal to this game though: open the portal to the next level.  The parts of the portal are scattered underground and you typically would have to defeat an end-game boss to acquire those parts.  I believe there are 5 levels - all in different setting but the same repetitive task.  Overall, this game was fun because of the challenge behind it but after defeating 1 level, I don't think I'm up to do another one again.  It is much too repetitive and the dwarves move so agonizingly slow.  Getting things done is an epic pain.  While this wasn't entirely boring, I'd recommend anyone who wants to try this to buy it on sale."
76561198007300752,Recommended,248390,15034683,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Blackadar,"Craft the World is fun if a little bit weird. It's a bit like Terraria combined with Gnomoria.You have your dwarves and get more as you unlock recipes or meet other goals. You harvest, craft, dig and fight off timedi nvasions of skeletons and other nasty critters. You don't really directly control your dwarves, you tell them what to do and they SLOWLY do it. Sound simple? Well, it is...sort of. Recipes get more complex. The monsters get tougher and there are more and more of them. You dig down further and further, meaning you need to find ways to get your dwarves back to the surface quickly. You expand your operations, putting greater and greater needs on basic resources like food, ore and wood. There's an element of luck with what you may find, meaning that you face roadblocks that you have to find ways around.The real ""gateway"" in the game are the crafting recipes.You need to create a few of them in any given cateogry to advance to more complicated recipes in that category. Once you're at the end...well, I'm not going to spoil it for you but that's how you need to win. So the race is on between moving quickly enough to get the recipes before being overrun on the timed invasions. The game never felt frantic, but it did feel far more hectic and the end than during the leisurely beginning.The dwarves are cute, the sounds ok and overall it's a nice little package. The crafting interface can get a bit cumbersome but overall it works well enough. And there's enough things to build that you can create some interesting areas. Mind you it's more limited than some games but there's more than enough here.Personally, I only completed the first world. Going to the next one felt redundant. So while I'll ""only"" get 20 hours or so out of this, I got more than my money's worth because I bought it for less than $10 and those 20 hours were quite enjoyable.Looking for a cute Terraria/Gnomoria type of game with a colorful interface and isn't too challenging? Then this is for you. Enjoy."
,Recommended,248390,23618965,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Olgit,"Craft the World is a wonderful little game that takes some thought and consideration, yet enough to work through without it all being handed to you like many other games.  At it's core, it's like many other games, Minecraft, Terraria, Starbound even, but takes a slower pace.Worth watching twitch/youtube before buying, but I'm well pleased with this purchase."
76561198068825494,Recommended,248390,27433769,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Peon,Best slavery simulator there is!
76561198042911524,Recommended,248390,27791024,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Grimgori,Time killer number 1. Building your own fort is so much fun and every 50 minutes you get to fight for your life. So have fun :)
76561198008376208,Recommended,248390,29327303,Posted: 17 January,all,ralgur,"This game is incredibly fun.  It's hard not to like dwarves.  The ability to set difficulty settings so you can gradually increase your skill is nice.  The DLC to add new content such as female dwarves and other goodies is worth the money.The mulitplayer version of the game seems a bit pointless and... tedious, but it's fun solo for sure.  I don't regret spending the cash.  Try it for 2 hours.  Don't like it?  Get a refund."
76561198086716954,Not Recommended,248390,24641361,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Warfighter,It seemed like a good game when I started. After playing on the first level for 20 hrs I found out the map generated wrong. I was never able to find the last peice of the portal. The compass spell just showed the compass with the needle spinning in cirlces. I started a new game and made it through a bit faster. I get to the second level which is frozen. I need water to build a forge so I can further the tech tree. I buy the water from the shop with a few coins I have because you need to finish the forge before you get the tree that allows you to melt the ice for water. Which would only be a minor problem if the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI would ever send a dwarf to get the water I purchased. I think I have waited 30 mins and still haven't got the water. I'm starting to wonder if I'll ever see level 3
76561198040634520,Recommended,248390,12907436,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Loki011,Wonderful Game!!!  Crazy that its still early access the game feels complete but i am glad they are working hard on it and can't wait to see the final product!!Highly recommed this game super fun!
76561198071958083,Recommended,248390,20071668,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Socks and Sandals,most addicting game ive played in a whileplayed it for 7 hours straight10/10
,Recommended,248390,30646466,Posted: 20 March,all,Paladeus,"Not bad if you enjoy side-scrollers.Pro's:It's pretty simple to figure out and hard to really fail.I like enemies and undead coming out at night when you don't really know what it is.Has a new female Dwarven version, though I've not tried it.Easy to build as long as you don't ignore your Dwarves.Cons:SMALL maps. Not a great deal to really build up over time. Out of curiousity, I've even mined down everything available. However, I've not tried to do the multiplayer and zone things yet. Only just got back to it, really, after a few months.AI still needs some work. Dwarves will sometimes idle for no reason or appear to be stuck for no reason. They don't always attack as they should, either.Overall: 7/10-Paladeus"
,Recommended,248390,12930635,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,hacknj,8/10Sat down to try this game out... 5hrs later realized its 2am ! Very addicting.. its a terraria rts.. i've gotten 75% through the tech tree and can honestly say this game gives a good bit of challenge with the constant hordes of undead trying to break through your walls...def worth the few bucks
76561198052714314,Not Recommended,248390,30216252,Posted: 27 February,all,Proxy,"The bad AI of your dwarves is what makes me not like this game. I realize I could give it more effort but when they automatically walk into danger and you can't stop them, it just does not feel well thought out."
76561198044486396,Not Recommended,248390,32961924,Posted: 28 June,all,Metebacsi,"Edited:They forgot to mention that you have to buy the DLC in order to access ""proper"" multi-player.You can only access mini-game instances from the base game."
76561197970369676,Recommended,248390,10192008,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,[UGT]TobiWahn_Kenobi,"Wonderful game. Feels polished already.What I would like to see:Dwarf history (how much killed, likes of food, dislikes of food, aspiration of job)Dwarf ranks (dwarfs gain ranks, from beggsr, citizen, baron, lord, king,...)More dwarfs. I feel like it is too difficult to gain a larger band of dwarfs. Too bad.Rail wagon should transport more than one dwarf, or more than one wagon should work on the same railDrawbridge. Most definitely needed!Transparent glass that lets one see the background image throughFemale dwarfsMacromanagement controls - if dwarfs have no oders, they do work according to specified priorities (mining, decorating, gathering, cooking)Less dependency on coal for food. Let us burn wood"
,Recommended,248390,12007648,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Ziel,"Craft The World is one of the best hidden gems in the Steam store that you have never heard of. Fantastic visuals, great gameplay, and highly polished. Gameplay is simplistic, but it suits the game just fine as it's all about letting the dwarves do all the dirty work while you relax.It would be great to have some variation in goals, as currently you just have to keep digging deeper until you find the scrolls for the next world's portal and just get the recipe requirements. But again, the simple formula still works beautifully for this game.Just make sure you don't get confused when you go to the developer's official website, as there are no mentions of the game and instead is filled with Flash games. This is because the devs post all the updates on this game's Steam page.10/10 would recommend!"
,Recommended,248390,11743336,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,NubCake ◥▶_◀◤,"funny game, Only downside is that it plays SO slow and by the time u spend 100 hours u move to lvl 2 and u start from scrap..."
76561198056948601,Recommended,248390,11744691,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Malvor,Game is awesome for an early access.
,Recommended,248390,11860880,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,[EVO] Cryos,Great game for those that like games like Minecraft
,Recommended,248390,11959980,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,GodsDaddy,"Well done so far, regular updates fixing the most glaring issues.  Definitely recomment."
,Recommended,248390,11961624,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Raetac,"40+ in the space of a weekend and a few days. I enjoy this game immensly. There are flaws however, trying to capture a crafting grid like Minecraft and then using unfamiliar mouse controls presented a big learning hurdle for myself. Once I got past that, the game opened up and its true potential was there to be seen. It was then I chose to bring my new found joy to video form..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TycgGnMDR_0"
76561198079436548,Recommended,248390,11972677,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Fraustratedcheese,This game is funa nad challenging i only wish it was multi player so you could fight another group of dwaves for the control of the land
76561198022931396,Recommended,248390,10896152,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Kuldiin,Great game!Amazing support from the devs too!
76561197972011370,Recommended,248390,10914918,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Broken Reality,PLayed for a while and still pretty enjoyable
,Recommended,248390,10966982,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,insai,"This is the first ever review I have written for any game. I have been playing CTW for the last few days after acquiring it during a Steam Summer Sale. I have become thoroughly addicted since. This game is an almost perfect marriage of Strategy, role-playing and building sim. I look forward to seeing where this goes in the future with more content being promised. This is definitely worth the early purchase, and puts most other ""early acces"" games to shame with the sheer amount of replayability and fun it has in its current incomplete state."
76561198035939363,Recommended,248390,10967869,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Diamond Llama,"Crafting games are quickly becoming (or have already become) a dime a dozen in the wake of successes like Minecraft or Terraria. So one has to be careful picking up another title, and early access to boot.But you can't go wrong with this title.Craft the world presents with high quality visuals, is smooth and intuitive. Visually the game is very appealing!Gameplay is also very easy to pick up. At present the tasks do seem a bit haphazard, but serve well to drive the game forward.A little bit of Civilisation is apparent in the technologies that need to be unlocked granting access to better equipment and decorations.In short, you can look forward to plenty of gameplay and enjoyment in this title. Definitely an easy title to recommend!"
76561198116955825,Recommended,248390,11070599,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Unoxxis,"This is a nice little game for a little spare time, which broght me several hours of fun.Game developement seems to be quite active and bugfixes and new features are pushed out on a regular basis."
,Recommended,248390,11075669,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,MegaRapidz,"Great depth, few updates needed (Monster waves grow hard) and is great for strategy seekers! 9/10"
76561198020743548,Recommended,248390,11087850,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Tacobadgers,"A bit wonky, but has potential."
,Recommended,248390,11103679,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,NuttyTart,Very highly addictive game!
76561197970348407,Recommended,248390,11105973,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,harliquinf,"Very fun and addictive game with loads of potential. For those looking for a more accessible Dwarf Fortress in the vein of Terreria, this is the game for you."
76561198062074279,Recommended,248390,11117532,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,LoctusX,It is still early access but I had a lot of fun playing it. I recommend this game.
76561197993497694,Recommended,248390,7751413,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,XainiX,Fun Game well worth the time to play it.
,Recommended,248390,15064063,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Rhee3,"Amazingly addictive.  It reminds me a bit of Diggles. Craft the World has some flaws as other reviewers have stated, but overall an enjoyable game."
,Recommended,248390,12561293,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,mikekap99,"This takes all the best of Terraria and removes all the obnoxious micromanagement. You don't have to worry about organizing inventories or running back and forth to your base, let your minions do that for you!This game is still early access, but what is there is well refined and only getting better with every patch. The only gripe I have at this point is simply that it doesn't have quite the depth of content I wish it would have. Hopefully with a few more patches I can scratch even that wish off my list.Still over 80 hours of play time don't lie. This is a fantastic buy."
,Recommended,248390,9587612,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Haagimus,this game is a nice take on a sandbox game driven by a tech tree. I like the fact that resources are limited so you need to think about how you develop things or build less of one thing so you can build more of another. Also the game has an actual objective per level also which is a nice change from the do whatever you want for as long as you want gameplay.
,Recommended,248390,10162677,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,KauaiBoy,"So far I am very happy with Craft The World.  Graphics, sound and effects are all good/great for this type of game.  If you like god like games and Terraria than I am sure that you will get enjoyment that justifies the cost.A few things I would like to see:1. I would to see a roadmap for the game2. Less annoying repetitive crafting actions3. The ability to give dwarfs a hierarchy of job priorities (mine than harvest, only cook . . etc)4. More Traps5. The ability to call my dwarfs to a location (example: when I bust open a wall to a bunch of bad guys I would like my army to be there.6. Better AI for fights (archers are a bit dumb on first engagement)A few bugs that I have seen1. When I order a dwarf to rest he will drop what he is carrying and if he is on a ladder he will fall to the bottom2. Dwarfs not taking ordersI look forward to this game growing as it lives up to its potential."
76561198008466188,Recommended,248390,13090255,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Matt Chat,"*UPDATE* - The interface issue I complained about below has been resolved. Now I have no problem whatsoever recommending this game!I've played this for a few days and enjoyed all but one horrendous aspect of it: the crafting interface! It's a clumsy drag'n drop affair with multiple tabs that quickly becomes tedious. Unfortunately, as your dwarves learn more technologies and recipes, this exarcebates the problem until it reaches the an unplayable point (at least for anyone who wishes to avoid carpal tunnel!). If this problem were fixed--perhaps by offering a single button to automatically fill in the recipes--I'd recommend it without question. But this problem is serious enough to ruin the experience for me."
,Recommended,248390,16402147,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Meatbag,"Terrariacraft Fortress. Really fun thing, 8/10."
,Recommended,248390,10047415,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,yerenay,This game is getting better and better with each of the updates. I recommend buying it and supporting the devs.
,Recommended,248390,10037112,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Tom Snooze,"If you like these kind of dwarf-director games with building and exploring and tech trees, give it a shot. Compared to some of them that I've tried, the pathfinding and AI for the dwarves wasn't total garbage. There were a few times when dwarves were prioritizing resource collecting instead of killing the dragon inside my shelter, but for the most part the tools you are given to direct and navigate them are adequate for these very seldom broken paths.Something that potential players might want to know is how long the game is. It takes a long time to beat a level. I would say somewhere in the 15 hour range for your first play. And the game is pretty addicting so be careful starting it up if you have stuff to do because it takes a long time to finish projects in this game.I would say it was pretty good overall. There wasn't much of a reward for beating the first level. I wish I'd been able to bring my dwarves with me to the next one or something. However it is fun to play though and the tech tree is interesting enough to keep my attention. I liked strategizing for the enemy waves and trying to make my fortress impenetrable with traps and fortifications. I would actually like there to be a bit more variety in the tech tree, as well as maybe the dwarves to be faster. Once you get to about level 10 the game slows down a lot progression-wise. It would be nice if the levels after 10 weren't as much of a grind."
76561198010477251,Recommended,248390,9447348,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,brizkil,Fun. Very Fun.
,Recommended,248390,9943913,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Lizard Robot,"This is a positive review because I do like this game a lot, but that said, it has some problems. It's sort of like a Dwarf Fortress Lite game, which makes me long for DF and realize how intelligently DF (despite its UI issues) is designed.This review will be updated regularly.Pros:- Nice gameplay graphics.- Most game elements are fairly intuitive. (Though some of the buildings could use a bit more in-game instruction, like the elevator, but that's obviously not a priority in Early Access.)- The spells are a great way to engage the player, and are very useful, though mana recharge takes a while.- Controls are generally intuitive and work well.- Controlling an individual dwarf is generally very effective, though controlling the individual's movement relative the landscape can sometimes be tricky, and it's hard to execute some of the maneuvers dwarves do on their own.Cons:- Crappy UI graphics. The UI could be improved upon design-wise, and made to supply more information (like how long until nightfall, etc.)- UPDATE 5/29: They've updated the UI. It looks much better now, and has more functionality. Will update further when I have a chance to really sit down and play for a few hours to explore the new UI. :)- The drag and drop crafting system is extremely annoying. Make me do it once to start, sure, but offer an autofill option?- Needs recycling or selling items, I have a bunch of goblin crap I don't need.- Dwarves can't handle their own food supplies. When you get a lot of dwarves, they go through that food pretty fast, and you have to manually tell them to cook it, and also manually click a bunch to put it out on the table! Really makes me wish it had a system like DF where you just tell the dwarves what they can eat and cook with, and they'll automatically go get their own food. Maybe what CtW needs is a larder object where food is automatically stored, and dwarves can get it from the larder and bring it to tables themselves?- Enemy raids happen too often. Late in the game, you often have to go very far afield to gather resources, and while elevators and rails are helpful, it's still a lot of travel time. So here I am, working at the edge of the map, and suddenly I have to abandon everything I'm doing and send everyone back to base because a raid is happening. Probably ten minutes out of every hour is spent dealing with stupid raids, and the defensive towers you can build aren't effective enough. Basically your tower has to be so close to the ground to hit an enemy that they can reach it and take it out easily. Towers also aren't very powerful, meaning nearly every assault (even some minor, regular nighttime ones) requires your attention to dispatch dwarves away from whatever more productive thing they could be doing. I am presently trying to figure out a way to just prevent raiders from accessing my base, period, but so far it's been difficult coming up with a way that works. I really want to be able to focus on getting what I need to complete the level rather than dealing with giant assaults every 45 minutes.- The skill tree has some merits, but it's super annoying and frustrating to have to waste precious resources crafting a bunch of items you do not need in your fort. Maybe some form of a research to unlock technology system would be better. An invention workshop that consumes raw materials to develop blueprints/new technology?- The skill tree doesn't have the greatest progression. Some techs you would think are fairly basic, like farming and weaving, are mid-to-late game technologies. Some of the progression (you need alchemy to advance farming?) just seems to be set up to make the game more tedious.- On a related note, some form of animal husbandry, where you can just put sheep or chickens in a pen or some sort of have then generate wool and eggs would be great. Wool is incredibly important, and can be very time-consuming to obtain when you have to wait for sheep to spawn and send dwarves to the edge of the map to kill them.- Dwarves' pathing and job handling is often ridiculously poor. A dwarf carries a torch to the very edge of the map, where you need some light added. It runs into a monster. It drops the torch to fight the monster. It picks the torch back up. Does it resume placing the torch? No, it has to walk all the way back to the main base, because while the dwarf was fighting, the base dispatched a different dwarf to install the torch, and that dwarf has only just started its walk.- Hit a bug where acquiring 999 earth caused all my queued actions on the map to disappear. This happened twice, I ended up crazily just trying to use up earth so it wouldn't hit 999 (wasting a bunch of time by basically having dwarves run around installing earth back walls everywhere) and the bug seems to have gone away, though queued actions are sometimes dropping out, and this may still be to blame. Not certain.- Spawn rates of flora/mushrooms/crystals and stuff are really high, to the point where trying to mine out a block under a tree took forever because before a dwarf could arrive to mine the block after the tree was cut down, a new tree would grow. Sometimes five or six attempts required. Same issue with crystal and mushroom growth while trying to build a railroad underground.- There seems to be a max height for tree growth, so my attempts to create a dome of trees to protect my base were unsuccessful.- It's taking a really long to clear out what seems to be the first ""level"" of the game. 30+ hours."
76561198016123517,Recommended,248390,16651829,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Poedelini,"I really enjoy this game very much. I think the game is very major and has a lot of stuff to build your dwarf house with.Although i can play very long on a tiny map, i hope there will be bigger maps for the game in the future.Could be improved:Bigger worldsUI about crafting stuff automaticly when items are in stock"
,Recommended,248390,15806464,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,ChelseaCheetahx,its very funny and decently challenging. i always get so sad when a dwarf dies though. 10/10
76561198059743609,Recommended,248390,9211815,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,mjvv81,"Second ReviewFirst review 2014I really liked this game but I wish there was more content.  The depth of the mines are to shallow even in large map.  The battles they have are very short lived.  Most times I end up completing the map before I even get halfway through the crafting chart.  I can look past the various bugs which really arent that bad but can be some what annoying.  All in all its mildly disapointing but still enjoyable up to about 30 or so hours.  I would still recommend it, its fun and I like building games.Second review 2015 (lots of updates)I'm reviewing this again almost a year later and what can i say WOW! The dev listened made improvements constant updates.  I even threw an idea at the dev and they added it.  There's to many good things to say about this game."
76561198115829784,Not Recommended,248390,24788075,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,frank2351,The controls of your dwarfs are frustrating. If you don't own Terraria buy that instead because this is actually a simplistic copy of it.
,Recommended,248390,24121735,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Hogger,"This game has TONS of stuff that i didn't expect it is so awesome to play this game.You can either build a house on the surface or live like a dwarf and just use the dirt to make a new house. it's so simple and yet so fun to just create stuff when you break dirt, stone, etc... you will learn ALL the recipes in the game but just give it time.I never tried the multiplayer meself cus i don't have friends with the game. But that doesn't bother me.You have spells (the best one is the portal one) which can either support your dwarfs or be agressive on monsters at night. You have a boss in the caves i think he's a boss. it's called Guardian he drops a scroll never knew what was for so. there are some enemies and sometimes during day there will be a goblin invasion where they will set a tent and try and annoy the living hell out of you but they are easy to kill. Gather all the dwarfs and go destroy that tent to get some good stuff.There is a lava level aswell which is at the bottom of the earth. It has a Dragon. but i'm a ♥♥♥♥♥ and don't wanna face the dragonI don't have alot of hours in the game but i haven't got much time to play this game. i would love to have time"
,Recommended,248390,17982449,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Smite Evil,"Great Game - If you like RTS games, city building or survival games you will love this game.On a personal note I have become very attached to my very first dwarf Hane he is clearly the leader. An expert archer, cook and climber he has won my heart. He almost died in a goblin raid last I played and I couldn't handle the idea of losing him, so I have started a new game, where I refuse to learn my dwarfs names or anything about them, I get too attached..."
76561197970318470,Recommended,248390,18014847,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Dranzerk,"Very fun game, not to hard to learn, simple concept.  Its a nice relaxing game to play.The only ""con"" is the dwarf pathing in game, they get confused, do extra streps to get to other places.  Its more annoying than bothersome to gameplay.   The developer kind of ""fixed"" it by putting ways to bring them to same location, stop them going certain places, etc.    But it should be noted.Other than that minor thing, i've enjoyed the hell out of this game.   I hope developer  puts more stuff into game, or make a 2nd one."
76561198037146504,Recommended,248390,17852830,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,rik,"Craft The World is a fun, challenging, beatifull game, but also VERY time consuming, the amount of time required to gather all the rescoures for the end tier techs is massive, so don't think ""Let's do a quicky"" you'll end up busy all night.And even my gf likes it, that should probably say enough about this game. Recomended."
76561198079167443,Recommended,248390,17921922,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,bryanjkautzman,"This is a great game.The best part about this game is that even though there isn't much of a learning curve to get going, it takes a lot of trial and error to do things correctly.  In other words, this is a game you can jump right into, but it has taken several playthroughs for me to really become efficient at levelling.At its heart, this game is a crafting game.  It doesn't suffer from the pitfalls of most other crafting games, either.  The inventory is easy to sort, and the skilltree makes it fun to progress.  There are also battles that require a bit of strategy to overcome.  There is a timer that counts down to the next major attack, and half of the goal is to make sure that the Dwarf's home is prepared to take on the onslaught of demons.  Each onslaught is slightly more difficult than the one before it.   I've found that a dwarf colony with just the right efficiency can stay a step ahead of these onslaughts until the end when it's a race to get as much mythril ore as possible to get every dwarf fully buffed.I've played through this game several times, and I intend to play through it again.  This one was money well spent."
76561198083083455,Recommended,248390,20713418,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,vikisek,"This is one of the most addictive games I've ever played. For something so simple, it is incredible how long you can stay up just trying to finish that one more thing :)The game has its flaws, the AI is so stupid you sometimes want to hit your head against the walls just looking at your dwarfs doing everything but the thing you want them to do... Despite this, I love the game. The difficulty can get quite hard, but never is it too much, just enough to present you with a challenge and to encourage you to expand and build even more ridiculous stuff. I definitely recommend this game to anyone who has a lot of time to kill and likes to give way for his creativity."
,Recommended,248390,8735249,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,ToadStoned,"Awesome game. One of the best indi game released for 2013. The graphics are stunning and the animation as with the sounds is just truly a work of art. It does take a while to get to the end of the crafting tree, but is worth the effort.Just witsh the maps were bigger and more stuff to do."
76561197969302422,Recommended,248390,15249387,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,davetiger,"I don't know why but I love this game.  It's cheezy, good graphic quality for an indie.  I have been playing the same map for days because I don't want to build the portal I wanna just build I have a multi layered house with traps and other fun things have 100% comfort (this took awhile to achieve) just wish there were better defense structures don't like stopping what I'm doing to fight off the hordes of enemies."
,Recommended,248390,15255547,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,[MAGA]Vortex,Good game overall. Fans of Minecraft and Terraria will enjoy it
,Recommended,248390,15259003,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,GamerRiku,"Great game. Easy to use and learn. Awesome for winding down a busy day. Fun all around, though the dwarves like to not listen sometimes ^.^"
76561198007374101,Recommended,248390,13028687,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Rathunter,"The game is a mix of minecraft, dungeon-ceeper and clonk. If you even think you could like it, you gonna love it :)But there is one thing i dont get: Why is it only singleplayer? Lets hope, developers get encouraged to change this. The game has so much potential, use it guys."
,Recommended,248390,7721102,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,Tanvaras -SPG Walords DLC is out,"This is one little gem of an Indie title,Dwarf's, mining, building, harvesting, crafting, combating...What can be more fun than this, I grabbed Craft the World on a Steam sale and it was worth every cent, even the retail price is a bargain.Craft the World, has it all in spades.Dev Team are constantly fixing issues, updating/adding content, Game runs smooth and fluid,Difficulty starts off kind and gets rather tough as time goes on.Every game is quite different, with random world spawning.I can find myself chilling out spending a few hours here and there on CtW.If this style of game is your thing, I recommend grabbing a copy today!"
,Recommended,248390,15760806,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Allagash,Easily one of the greatest games ever created.  It has legs.  You will come back to it again and again and again.  Not many games get 247 hours out of me and still have me coming back for more months later.  I highly recommend it all day (and night) long!!!
76561198112479700,Recommended,248390,11233762,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Jakkafang,"Manage a colony of dwarves, create wonderful structures, and defeat Giant guardians to move on to the next world.a good game I must say, The dwarves AI needs to be improved somewhat however.9/11"
76561197998584983,Recommended,248390,10801213,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,TheSteelPitt,"For strategy/world builder fans, Craft the World (CTW) is an absolute gem. Consistent updates have added in more features and the amount of time one can invest in this game is limitless. I actually sat with three of my roomates in the same room as we played together (there is no co-op) but the trials and difficulty learning the game are unifying and enjoyable.One of my absolute favorites."
76561197983601366,Recommended,248390,7737104,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,William Shakeshack,Da sind Zwerge und so
,Recommended,248390,11340639,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Kiki,"So Far I'm addicted to this game so I highly recommend it. My friend had it and I did a ""trial play"" with it. You can get trapped for HOURS playing if you don't mind the clock. I love the multi dwarf control and leveling aspect. Very much so like many other crafting games such as gnomoria, terraria, minecraft, etc but still with it's own special individuality. You can be very attentive or pretty lazy if you'd like. The game allows you to lay out tasks for the dwarves to do and so long as they're fed and well rested they do their own thing. Mind the clock however; swarms come every 40 mins or so as well as creatures during the dark. Unlocking new crafting tiers seems to be a chore later on as you level though but still fun.All in all a wonderful game!"
76561197970799707,Recommended,248390,14517601,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Pickle Rick,Play to enjoy the nice atmosphere.Stop playing once you realise the game is a titanic grind.No harm done though. I think it's worth it for casual play.
76561198034538498,Recommended,248390,9300516,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Your_Lifeline,If dungeon keeper and terraria had a love child it would be this game. My only complaint is the tech tree is sort of annoying. Other wise watching your dwarfs drown cause they couldnt build a roof in time or killed by spiders cause you dug too deep too quick armed only with a stick is absolutly hilarious. Next time this game is on sale you should pick it up if you thought minecraft would be fun if you could control multiple dwarfs.
,Recommended,248390,11303133,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Riock,"EDIT: The AI is improving, but the crafting grid still bugs me til no end. Might sound a bit extreme, but it can be a dealbreaker.I do like this game and I can recommend it to any fans of the genre, there are only two things that bug me about it.1. The AI is braindead. This is mostly annouying when giving orders to your dwarfs and they do it in a nonsensical order, as far as i am aware you can't priorotize tasks either, which makes controlling the basterds a hassle sometimes.2. WHY IS THERE A 3X3 CRAFTING GRID?? It adds abosolutely nothing to the gameplay, in fact its annouying. In Minecraft it makes sense, because you can guess recipies and stuff, here you have to research them before you can use the recepies.  For the love of god get rid of it."
,Recommended,248390,9835987,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,themagicdwarf,"This is Sim Tower for dwarves! Super FUN, wow! It's pretty challenging too. The tech tree reminds me of Sid Meier's. It's very intelligent. GG WP"
76561198013365147,Recommended,248390,11119504,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Meg,"A bit buggy, and you have to get creative with the ""beware signs"" in order  to correct some dwarf pathfinding issues, but it's a fun little game for Terraria and Minecraft fans."
76561198067060136,Recommended,248390,11120060,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Eden,"Highly recommend this game to anyone who likes the craft and build style games. A mix between A game of Dwarves and Terraria. An expansive crafting tree, many underground dungeons to explore, and monster attcks to survive, is what makes this games one of the funner ones I've played"
,Recommended,248390,11128886,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Bassline_Killer,"Great game that keeps getting better!  Frequent updates make it run smoother, and show that it is still being improved!"
,Recommended,248390,11136459,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,KCoyote123,I love playing this game the plants scare me a little becase they bite but I's a fun game you should try playing Craft The World
76561198112825585,Recommended,248390,11144345,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,A_Broom,I love this game
76561198137789033,Recommended,248390,11157138,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,HellsofHeaven,really fun game that i ever play the mosthing that is fun of it is nevern ending resources and gathering
76561198023175250,Recommended,248390,11192614,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,parkermon,"Thoroughly recommend, overall.Pros - engaging gameplay, fun, easy to learn, decent depth and replayability.Cons (apart from the bugs that are a part of early access) - the crafting system (long grinds, most repetitive/frustrating part of the game, running out of resources (coal in particular), some AI issues with both enemies and dwarves, and a lack of control over deeper efficiency options (prioritisation of stuff, etc).Most of those cons feel like they'll be addressed at some point - developers are keeping in touch with players constantly and implementing what they can. There's a lot of things that I would have added to the cons list a couple of months ago, but they've been fixed.Well worth your money! Bravo!"
,Recommended,248390,11241158,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Digital Jigolo,"I have spent countless enjoyable hours playing this game. Although more challanging then some games I have played, every time I load up 'craft the world' I leave with a smile on my face. Highly recommended!"
76561197970352405,Recommended,248390,11249868,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Cardinal_UK,"This game should not be as fun as it actually is. All of my senses tell me it should be bad, but it...is...just....so...GOOD! Great fun and very addictive. Love the crafting tech-tree that allows you to keep upgrading your ""home"" from a muddy hole to a mine worthy of Middle Earth."
,Recommended,248390,11302231,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,GRUK,"Love this game.. havent yet put too many hours into it, as its constantly being improved - but the look and feel of this game just scream at you.. a lovely game to play, very polished!Yes it looks like other similar games, but when you start to play it.. you'll see its pretty different. Good Stuff!"
,Recommended,248390,11311979,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,JUNKERJA,A fun game that needs better pathfinding. It is fun to know that most materials are easy to get but you need to get alot. my main recommendation would to be to add a sell option at the shop. 8.75/10
,Recommended,248390,11324274,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Metallichuck,This game is in great working condition. It runs perfectly on my pc. I get lost playing it for hours on end. There is already so much to explore and I still have only scratched the surface. I can't wait to see the finished product. I'm already content with my purchase.
76561198064193184,Recommended,248390,10737911,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Phatty,"Hello All,This game is a lot of fun, if you don't at least beat the first level then you shouldn't even post a review. 2 thumbs up in its current state, even with the bugs that early access comes with. This game does have an option to speed up play for those who don't know. I typically play at 2x speed. There is a lot to get out of the game if you give it a chance. The artwork is funny the leveling system is the typical exponential XP leveler. So getting over level 13 will be almost impossible. The typical board should last around 20 hrs at 2x speed. Every 45 minutes of game time the game ramps up the difficulty. If you think you found the best defense think again, the AI seems to adapt. The first 3 levels are all different and the map sizes are also customizable if you play custom. So overall for an early access I have enjoyed this game longer than a ton of full releases. I have to admit that I plan on playing this game for way over 200 hours. For $15 that means I paid only 7.5 cents for each hour of fun. For the price of 3 coffees at Starbucks you too can enjoy this game for 200 hours. as well. Thank you all for reading.-Phatty"
76561197963305017,Recommended,248390,10741036,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ViPeR,One of the most addictive games ever played.  Lots of fun.
76561197971085927,Recommended,248390,10747237,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Hellsbane,Classic craft and build game from the past with modern graphics. if u liked settlers and minecraft this is a 2D combo. Love it
,Recommended,248390,10755892,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Scotti,"Amazingly addictive and simple game!  Lots of thought and work went into every detail of this game, and I haven't even gotten past the first world yet!Well worth the money!"
76561197971295660,Recommended,248390,10773666,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,pmn3829,Fun Game
,Recommended,248390,10779503,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Xevian Flux,Great Game!
76561197976455838,Recommended,248390,10781878,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Khashai,"Craft the World is what you get when Dwarf Fortress and Terraria go to a show, get wicked drunk, and proceed to hook up. The offspring of this demonic pairing is a game in which you work towards a Terraria-like goal (except with a tech tree in the place of bosses), but you ultimately have no direct control of your builders.If you enjoy a crafting/building game with a good amount of challenge, but moves at a relatively slower pace, this is likely for you."
,Recommended,248390,10800500,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,A Smelly Wizard,its hard at first but gets easyer
,Recommended,248390,10816530,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Brambo,The dev gives good support for the game with new content each patch. A relaxing game.
,Recommended,248390,10840835,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,SyKoHPaTh,"I tend to buy Early Access games and only play them in their current state.  I don't often return to games (mainly due to massive backlog and I don't stick with one game too long).In it's current state as of 2014.06.26, I've spent ~20 hours on this game.  It's at the top of my most played for the current Steam sale, so I think that's saying something positive about the game.I enjoy the ""spells"" - Imps can haul stuff, a rally point can be placed (vital against enemy armies), and most valuable is a portal spell massively cuts downtime, and I feel is a much better replacement for any sort of speed controls (except pause!).  When relying on speed controls, I'm basically sitting there *not* playing the game.  The pace can be a bit slow, especially in the beginning, but as more Dwarves are added, I find it more fun to spend my time micromanaging them.The ability to play as a Dwarf removes any ""wait"" time, as I can possess a poor soul, and work him to death (it's great that I'm able to plop down anything from inventory while controlling a Dwarf, which removes the need for me to manually walk alllllll the way back to the stockpile, then allllllllll the way back to where I need to place it).  Exploring is fun, even though manually digging through a line of blocks can be tedious.Enemy waves are great - I love ""defend the fort"" games, so applying a bit of pressure from monsters keeps the game alive for me.  The game turns into a tower defense during invasions sometimes.Of course, the main ""feature"" of the game is crafting.  I'm able to get through the current crafting tree at a decent pace, although I question the placement of quite a few technologies.  Why is farming so far into the tree?  Twice now, by the time I've reached the ability to farm, I've had a massive stockpile of food - so when I reach it, I can go through over 400 seeds and set my cook to make food to last the ""rest of the game"" (whenever that is).  I think having separate categories for technologies would be a better approach, and have a more natural feel to tech progression; a ""food"" technology, ""weapons/armor"", ""building construction"", ""decorations"", and maybe one or two more.  I wouldn't mind having to grind more through each tier in this case - it would just mean a larger stock of inventory as I go through it."
76561198111138670,Recommended,248390,10849969,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,anguissette,I have really enjoyed this game. It is the ability to play a game like terraria and have more then one character to play with. It is still being worked on and such so there are some glitches but still all around fun.
76561198077022392,Recommended,248390,10856144,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,SheWhoIs,"The only things bad I have to say about this game are that the dwarves are reaaaaallllllyyyy slow and building a house in sandbox mode takes a long time.Otherwise, this game is amazing. It's pretty, simple to learn and easy to relax with. A very good unwinding game."
76561198078508629,Recommended,248390,10872367,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Thunderwolf2004,"This game is extremely fun and the craft tree is extremly helpful in sand box mode. i watched a youtube video of this game early and newer.The newer one was made by paulsoars jr. and the second one was not that good but it still has all of the tools,  weapons, etc. But the new one was great and thats why i have this game hope you will enjoy it!"
,Recommended,248390,10881705,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Ingenium86,"Although in Early Access, this game is very well-polished and enjoyable.There is some clunkiness which will probably be balanced before official release.In the time that I've played it, I think it's well worth what I got it for."
76561197990833436,Recommended,248390,10884326,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Zubat Man,"Dwarf fortress meets minecraft, pretty fun."
76561198072402252,Recommended,248390,10887097,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,yavinofzenith,So as of today Ive played thid game for twenty one hours and enjoy it immensely. Its a great little builder my only issue is when you take controll of dwarves. That function is basically uselesss to me.
76561198104299879,Recommended,248390,10665755,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,mi,9/10
,Recommended,248390,10374291,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,skip614,This game is pretty fun. I spent loads of time figuring it out but when you do its a blast.
76561197971611335,Recommended,248390,8195384,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,magistrat,"It's lovely. Even though i promised myself not to buy Early Access games anymore I couldn't resist this one.Yes, it looks like all the others - and basically it is. But taking the Management Role and let your dwarves build stuff at your command is the ""Plus"" I wanted.Also, for an Early Access game, this one is already quite polished and absolutely playable. Looking forward to the finished game, but it's fun all the way until then."
76561198001784686,Recommended,248390,10811063,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Beaghan,"I really enjoy it, more than I expected. There are a few things on sandbox, especially on harder settings that upset you but that is harder settings. I hope they offer dlc's etc because I will keep playing it a long time if there's new content."
76561198018229863,Recommended,248390,20486246,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,LT. Thadeu,"This game looks simple, but it isn't.At first, it was the idea behind it that draw me in, the mix of popular genres (tower defense, survival, building sandbox, exporation, etc.) in one game pulled the classic gamer in me.But I surely stayed for the complexity, the game may feel repetitive to some, but in every level of the campaign ( and I recommend the  new player to play this first) felt different and unique. It has an speed up option but I barely use it since I feel that being aware and attentious to every detail counts to help you grow and makes you plan ahead better.I'm around 75 hours in and sad that I already completed more than half of the game. I feel like exploring the multiplayer option that I didn't give enough attention just to make it last longer.The only con that I can think of is the repetitive music, I usually turn it off and just play my own playlist on the background."
,Recommended,248390,21662002,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,SimGuy,"It may be the sandbox element, but I got so wrapped up building up my stronghold that I never bothered to wipe out the enemy camp and move on to the next level.  This is the sort of game I can play for hours and suddenly be surprised how far past my bed time it's become, but it isn't the sort I would play too often.The game is a bit glitchy with pathing and sometimes the dwarves get stuck or go to the wrong places, but it was never so bothersome that I quit playing."
76561198069024081,Recommended,248390,17937061,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,llll-llllll-llll-lllll,Very CreativelyI spent more time on this game
76561198049689775,Recommended,248390,17937404,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Das Vuffenspousaller,10/10 would force a ton of midgets to ♥♥♥♥ in a hole again.
76561198001323059,Recommended,248390,17949303,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,jackdaniels,Simple yet very fun little game
76561198026807368,Recommended,248390,17951338,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,nevniv,"This game is awesome, haven't played anything else quite like it."
,Recommended,248390,17965563,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,McFrugal,"Really good dwarf fortress-y game, very addictive.  The music is nice and context-sensitive in a way I can appreciate.  The graphics are pretty good.  The campaign feels a little repetitive since you wind up crafting mostly the same things each time to progress, but the worlds are different enough that it stays fresh enough to be fun.  Learning how to properly defend your base without outright exploiting enemy AI is fun, even in the world type where a large portion of the incoming enemies ignore doors and fortifications.However, it feels incomplete in some ways.  The tech tree's progression is really weird, like, sometimes you have to grind out decoration objects in order to unlock better equipment, or do some cooking to unlock things unrelated to cooking.  The pathing AI can glitch out when dealing with water, dwarves jump into pits sometimes, mages waste spells on weak or caged enemies, and most noticably, cave goblins will sometimes just freeze in place once they get near your base, not even fighting back.  Cave goblins also get stuck doing tasks they cannot complete, like clearing vegetation too far away from where they are standing.The difficulty curve is really weird as well.  The first few nights are absurdly dangerous as you have ineffective weapons, no armor, limited resources, and few dwarves.  As soon as you get even basic fortifications the difficulty takes a nosedive, and never picks back up.Even so, the game is really fun."
,Recommended,248390,14650510,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Mr. Penguin,Great game to get stoned and play for hours.
76561198053849022,Recommended,248390,16020730,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Evilash34,"I love this game - But one thing I have wondered is why are there no 'gold axes'. We have leather boos, leather armor, iron axes, stone axes and stone pickaxes. But no gold axes, no gold swords, no gold pick axes its almost as if gold was skipped over a bit.I would like to see gold axes, gold swords and gold pick axes.I would also like see some way to better make Takmak happy. Seems no matter what I offer hes mad, lol."
76561198046851989,Recommended,248390,10615750,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Meatshield,"I found this game to be a large time sink. It took me some time to get some of the basic elements at the start of the game (that you start with a totem you can place instead of having to build one from scratch, for example). The end goal of the first level is also difficult to suss out, and I ended up spending a significant amount of time advancing all the tech trees to their maximum when it wasn't strictly necessary to succeed.Those issues aside, the game is a lot of fun. Whether you treat your dwarves as disposable labourers, or care about them like a family, you'll find things to love about the game. Harvesting resources, building your fortress, and basically showing off your mastery over your environment make this game great fun. The nightly monster raids provide an extra element of danger and amusement, another challenge to overcome.Probably a good idea to check out a gameplay video first, to make sure it's up your alley, but I for one had a lot of fun with the game."
76561198037699912,Recommended,248390,15895948,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,[BOB]Mercurial,"Fun for the first couple of hours but it does become tedious. I was hoping they would keep adding features and improve the UI further (which is an eye-sore). Buy it it if you want a quick game you can jump in and out of to kill some time. I'd advise trying it out first though coughtorrentcough, might not be for everyone."
,Not Recommended,248390,16627070,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Starving Poet,"Starts out fun, but everything takes so damn long.  It's like they built in the fps lag from DF and made it a core mechanic of the game."
,Recommended,248390,16563681,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Louis,"I recommend Craft the World to anyone who enjoys popular sandbox and crafting games such as Terraria, Minecraft and Dwarf Fortress. CTW combines elements of these games into one whole game and the creators definitely did that right.There's a lot to CTW. Crafting, construction, tower defense, mining and so on. The idea of having dwarves that carry out tasks; along with the 2D side-scrolling, retro style is brilliant.Overall, I give the game a solid 9/10.Edit: Okay. The AI could do with some fxing. I have two dwarfs, one with a stone axe and one with a stone pickaxe. There are blocks of stone and a tree to mine. Why does the dwarf with a stone axe sometimes mine stone? Why do the dwarves not sometimes mine what is best suited for their tool?"
76561197965916889,Recommended,248390,7994927,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Dalyon,"When you have all of these early access games it is absolutely vital that it leaves a good enough impression on your first experience so that you will actually consider sticking with it later on.If you like a sort of survival-sandbox-sim, Craft The World manages to do just such a thing. It's slow paced, unforgiving and getting to the latest tiers of tech takes a long time, so you can count on many playtime hours to experience everything the game has to offer at current time."
76561198010584846,Recommended,248390,20125947,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,B.A.Pwny,"I'm going to say yes on the fact that I bought it on sale for <5$ spent 12 hours playing the first level definately worth the money. The game is not perfect and could use some improvements, but If you can get it on sale buy it before it’s too late.Cons- A bit slow at the start of each level but the end seems to fly by making the middle of the play through the most entertaining.- The tech tree is a bit annoying where you need to waste resources making furniture improvements to craft better armor, a separate tree would be better and streamline the game.- You cannot sell resources to the shop filling your inventory with junk from previous tech levels.- Base game speed is grueling, I play at 2x speed to even stay interested in playing for more than 45 min.- Each level is just a larger harder copy of the previous level, tech does not change the animals and enemies do change with the map but tech progression is non existent.- The music is not constant and i have found times when the game is completely silent.Pros- Beautiful art and sprites.- First playthrough is highly addictive i.e. 7 hours straight without wanting to stop.- Excluding the furniture the tech progression is fairly even step to step."
,Recommended,248390,8675766,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Dycerius,"I like this game more than Terraria, minecraft, dwarfs fortress and maybe even starbound. The main difference in this game is the civilization aspect of it, where you gain new dwarfs that will work and speed up your processes. As you play, you get new levels, items, quests and experience new adventures. The crafting, gathering and building is also much simpler. The only game that I think has faster and better crafting in terms of simplicity is Starbound. But if you like the minecraft aspect of knowing the recipe layout, then you shouldn't have any issues. Although it is still simpler as you can pick the item, and it will show the lay out and what you need. So you can double click the component/resources and it will take you to the inventory slot if you have anything to use.You can either use your mouse and let the dwarfs come and do their thing on their own, or pick a single dwarf and control it manually like any other similar games. Although, I like that you don't have to stress with so many dwarf and controllin them individually. So a very good design right there that doesn't distrupt from the main purpose of the game which is gathering, crafting and building.I also like the quest system and the tech three, the tech tree is like civilization where you can't get access to the new tech unless you have the component and crafted the previous item. So a very nice fluid and progression feeling there.All in all, the game feels more purposefully and more fun to play. But Starbound is the closest competitor but is still very different for reasons mentioned above. If Craft The World had a multiplayer I would be playing Craft The World and not Starbound. :)"
,Recommended,248390,14140942,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Zed Cola,"Its actually a really great game, its like a 3D Dwarf fortress and Terraria. The animations are OK the horde system gives a challenge and the tech system is alright but the campaign is boring and repetitive."
,Recommended,248390,14043903,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Jake,"Great game, finally a game that i can sit down and play for more than 2 hours without getting bored."
76561198131363298,Recommended,248390,9697154,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,AliceMarie62,"This game is fantastic, although without reading the instructions i had no idea what to do, i only bought this a few days ago and i have been hooked, it is a little like a simple version of minecraft!"
76561197972302643,Recommended,248390,9664365,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,L3e,really good for early access highly recomended
,Recommended,248390,9669094,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,DwarfMaster,This game is really fun and I can't wait until it get's more updates.
,Recommended,248390,9691672,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,cmwpmm,very fun game.  cant wait to see how it develops
76561198035249131,Recommended,248390,10816892,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Destineets,"I'm not one to hugely commit to games, but Craft the World is completely worth it. There are very few bugs I've come across, and all of them were minor and didnt affect my gameplay harshly. It is a beautifully drawn and animated game for the genre, and I wouldnt have it any other way. I'd absolutely recommend this game to anyone interested."
76561198008218104,Recommended,248390,19415861,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Viva,"I got caught playing this at work. My first thought was ""OH SH*T,"" followed by the expectation that I would be immediately fired. But then something strange happened... He asked me how i was able to survive the first 30 minutes and then a barage of questions about keeping my little dwarves alive. WAIT A SECOND! You play this also... How come I am standing in your office now coaching you how to play on your laptop? Funny thing, I got a raise. SERIOUSLY, not just a small one but a pretty decent sized one. I will enjoy this until our whole company goes belly up.This game will enhance your life right up until it takes over and ruins it."
,Recommended,248390,15932195,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Mr.Sandwich,Its a very fun game but could be improved by-better dwarf ai-multiplayerAlso I think you shouldn't show the tech tree so it would be a surprise
76561197993894575,Recommended,248390,17959619,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,bumbaclad,"This game is amazing, from the graphics to the music to the premise.  I really do love this game ever since I bought it in early access. I would recommend buying this game.I was hoping that the problems with the AI were going to be fixed but unfortunately it never happened.  Although new content was added, many of the problems I had with the game were never solved.-	After you get over 6 dwarves and created several routes the dwarves just stand around confused, maybe they are just union workers.-	The dwarves will still jump off of high platforms without a route to get back into base, basically suicide.-	The dwarves do not seem to be individuals when it comes to feeding. For instance I put 3 berries on the table, 1 berry gets eaten; now the dwarves will say they are sick of eating berries.-	The dwarves will sometimes help fight and other times not. They will drop what they are doing to fight a target across the map while others nearby will do nothing.-	The dwarves will stay engaged in combat when they have less then one heart which will likely lead to there death. *Players can now create a building to store dwarf’s spirits and create potions to resurrect them makign this issue less bothersome.-	Portal spell hurts the immersion of the game but the railways are expensive to build and not quick enough to be worth it.-	Sandbox mode requires you to find items rather then use the tech tree which causes excessive clicking and just causes players to have to keep the wiki open. *Multiplayer allows the player to craft anything. I havn't checked but maybe this was applied to sandbox mode.-	Creatures fall from the sky, makes sense in the latest world because they use parachutes but seems much less intuitive on the other worlds.-	Portals will open on top of your base if you expand to far or try to have multiple bases.-	Dragon eggs still seemingly have no purpose after two years of them being in the game. *Dragon eggs are now used in dwarf resurrection.There is allot to do in the game but these issues make it feel incomplete still and lower the experience for me.  This game has not yet met it’s potential and I hope it does.  8/10___________________________________________________________________________________They added in a multiplayer alpha which is a really cool start to multiplayer. You play on a singleplayer world in where you can cast a spell to look for pvp or coop multiplayer game. When you find someone you bring 5 of your dwarves who retain their skills but not their equipment. Allowing you to bring back spoils. If they die in the matrix however they die for real.They added in a revival building that holds your dwarves souls for you on death allowing you to make potions to bring them back to life. Great addition to the game helping permadeath mode, multiplayer mode, and giving use to dragon eggs."
76561198020001587,Recommended,248390,17490848,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,theYTmassacre,"Do you hate all of the following things:- Eating food that cannot be prepared in a microwave- Having meaningful relationships- Being gainfully employed- A clean living space- Going out and doing things- Responsible adultingThen this is the game for you!It may not seem addictive at first, but that is simply a cunning ruse.  I purchased this on a whim during my lunch break.  I fired it up, thinking I would taken about 30min to get it figured out.  That figuring-out process was somewhat frustrating, if truth be told.  The in-game tutorial is both helpful and a bit obtuse, leaving out the tips and tricks that can really make the game flow.  I imagine you're supposed to discover them for yourself, but not knowing some of them can make the gameplay appear more repetitive and aggravating than it needs to be.Thankfully, helpful guides and tutorial videos abound (really... use them!).After that, I remember nothing beyond Craft The World for a period of approximately 10 hours.  By the same time on the next day (after calling in sick to work), I had amassed 20+ hours of play time.My husband was not impressed, so I bought him a copy.  Problem solved - haven't seen him in days.Update (12/31/15): After completing the four starting realms and getting all but two of the Achievements, I can still say that I thoroughly enjoy this game.  Looks like the developers have recently added some new content (co-op and pvp, mainly).  I look forward to trying these out!"
76561198092969387,Recommended,248390,14978921,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,ben.meister,Its a great game if you like commanding  dwarves to build foght mine and other things. You can make turrets great castles and more... i think its worth the money i spent
,Recommended,248390,15001413,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Zanteogo,"Honestly, this game is pretty good. It takes some time to figure out, but once you do you will get your moneys worth.I was really impressed with how the AI works. Though it's not flawless, I was impressed, it does take some planning to keep it from breaking/digging into it your stuff.I really wish item progression was not so ""the next stuff is just overall better, so give it to as many dwarves as you can"". It would have been nice you have the option of mage armor for example, that could perhaps raise mage damage but not so great at defense. Perhaps the heaver stuff would slow your dwarves down in combat? Maybe giving you the option of giving the lighter stuff to archers?Overall, it's still a good game. I hope it's supported for many years. It's certainly a game that some DLC would be nice for."
76561197962416997,Recommended,248390,14876179,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,JWalker,"I really enjoy this game. Very much like a sligtly faster pased Terraria crossed with a tower defence. Well done game and a big plus for me, active developers."
,Recommended,248390,14925634,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Gnugfuriuz,"I like the game, the only thing that kills it for me is the ""drag every item to craft something"" system.Will still recommend it though."
76561198039263992,Recommended,248390,14997117,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,patchlead,Great Game. Fun little miner
76561197996484923,Recommended,248390,14930512,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Hidden Sanity,"Still in early access, but this is a fun(And dangerous) time sink game, managing dwarves and projects with a fair amount of creative freedom to build large fortressess.It's missing several things and the trap building is wonky and unbalenced, but I still have a lot of fun with it, and hey, early accesss, I see a LOT of potential in this game."
,Recommended,248390,24170352,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Narf Flarpnic,"Its a fun, slow game"
,Recommended,248390,10054616,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Cordoro,It's like a good version of castle story.
76561198033800894,Recommended,248390,10048651,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,360420BroScopeYOLO,Extremely addicting lol.
,Recommended,248390,10048911,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,harmonysama,"Needs a fast forward button, but other than that, I ended putting nearly a whole day into this game for some reason!It gotta kind addictive!"
76561198224645216,Recommended,248390,20133641,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,LotR Geek,"Strongly Recommend this game. It is great if you like sandbox survival games, and it has alot of cool features. The game has one  major bug that I have ever seen. It can sometimes glitch out in weird ways, and sometimes even just makes the enemys fly up to the sky, but usually one at a time. And sometimes the arrow towers just dont show up when you put them down, but that is a minor one because if you exit the game and then go back they show up."
76561198049736873,Recommended,248390,24143546,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Ravenwind,Enjoying this game so far.  I'm almost done with world 3 and the gameplay is simple yet addictive.  The only problem I have is that the dwarves AI isn't great.  Sometimes dwarves will stand right next to what I've clicked on while another one runs halfway across the world to take care of that thing or a dwarf with smithing will go gather wheat instead of make that new mithril pick-axe I've requested.
76561197971724802,Recommended,248390,31254182,Posted: 20 April,all,Pontifex Maximus,"Craft the Worldis a world building sim and a mix of Dwarf Fortress, Dungeon Keeper and Minecraft.Craft the Worldis also considerably long, and is undeniably fun.The game is immediately recognizable to anybody who has ever played a crafting game. It starts you off as a single dwarf who must chop, dig, and collect in order to build and fortify a shelter. Things start off very slow with your dwarf because he can only carry a small amount of materials before returning to the base. Thankfully, you quickly gain new dwarves to help out, which speeds things up considerably.Probably the biggest gameplay difference betweenCraft the Worldand other games in this genre is that when controlling your dwarves you are not directly responsible for moving them around manually. To direct them, you simply need to select enemies or materials that need to be dealt with. They will use the appropriate tool which they have equipped, which makes for a more casual experience on the surface.Some mechanics are poorly explained mainly what qualifies as a shelter and what doesn’t. The mission objective in early stages of the game is also poorly explain and players can seem lost at times.THE GOOD- Charming art- Progression system- Sandbox modeTHE BAD- Lack of depth- Poor toturial8/10DISASTER | BAD | MEDIOCRE | OKAY | GOOD |GREAT| AMAZING | MASTERPIECE"
,Recommended,248390,29239621,Posted: 13 January,all,Monkey122399,it was fun at first but there has been no new update so its just plain old and explored
76561198085400637,Recommended,248390,14256561,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Jeff Sessions,A great mix of a few great games.
76561197999018200,Recommended,248390,24794054,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Lord Azlan,"Craft the World - why did I even buy it? Obviously the cartoony graphics were a huge factor.I don't even play these sort of games.Installed. I load up and start a new game on ""small"" world on easy difficulty. Easy-peasy, lemon-squeeze. Build, mine, kill a few monsters and onto next level right? How hard can this be?40 hours later I am facing a mental battle of wills against the game developers. Like Gandalf said in Lord of Rings, ""You shall not pass!"". This game isn't passing me by. It's not the boss of me.It's more like a strategic game or even a new type of gaming genre called the ENDURANCE GENRE.I started with a single dwarf who can cut down a few trees and play with dirt. He can mine stone and also kill the odd sheep for wool. EVERY resource he produces must be taken back to the central stockpile before it can be used in my megalomania. This is where the problems begin.Soon enough I level up and gain more and more dwarves to play with. I work through the skill tree and move from being able to produce beds made from leaves to the fully emperor size luxurious beds. I move from making simple wood weapons to Iron Axes. I move from being able to craft a mud pile to stone walls.As all this is happening the game goes through a night and day cycle where during the night zombie/ghost/skeleton mobs attack.How do you build a home? I don't know.How do you stop your retard dwarves from travelling half way, ALL THE WAY across the world to gather a single stupid bit of wood, I don't know.How to stop rats from attacking your home? I don't know. (This one is probably the most asked question in Discussions).How do you complete the game? I don't know.Can you sell items? I don't know.How do I make the portal? What bloody portal?Why don't more trees grow on top of my house? I DON'T KNOW.40 hours in I am still on the first ""easy"" level. On my 6th attempt. Each time trying to find perfection. The perfect home. The perfect set of skills for my dwarves. The prefect wave of destruction that consumes the world of all its natural resources ensuring no piece of stone, bit of Earth, bit of coal is not consumed in my inevitable march towards the exit. To the developers, I say resistance is futile. I will beat you.Miles and miles deep into the Earth I come across some sort of giant skeleton creature that wields a huge sword which also erupts waves of fire at my puny dwarves. It can also summon undead. It's dead. I find a portal spell.Many, many, many things wrong with the game. Primary is the Dwarven IQ levels which may cause you to smash your fist into the screen.""Run you fools"" as Gandalf said. These fools don't run. They often engage in combat at the wrong time and more often end up ignoring your blatant commands. The developers must have realised this as well as a short while into the game you are given the HORN spell that basically forces the dwarves to move their♥♥♥♥♥right now. GO THERE RIGHT NOW. ALL OF YOU. MOVE.It gives me a little pleasure watching my dwarf idiots trying to follow my simple instructions. I give them meat and salad and sometimes they have the cheek to complain about being forced to eat the same food over and over again. I watch them sleep. I direct them to the bowels of hell to find some iron ore.I am not addicted to the game and I am certain my 6th attempt will bring me huge success. Apparently the next world is quite similar. You basically start all over again.So, I am not addicted. JUST. NEED. TO. COMPLETE. THIS. FIRST. LEVEL. TO. PERFECTION."
,Recommended,248390,21219943,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Shankle,Fun game. Periodically get bored of it but end up coming back to it since i havent finished all the worlds yet. Multiplayer co-op can be fun as well and provides great rewards if you contribute to finishing the stage (usually destroying some sort of boss).
76561197970712242,Recommended,248390,16426571,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,ithaqua,"I started playing this game when there were still a lot of bugs and I had a great time then. I picked it up and played it a few months ago and it was an even smoother experience. This style of game is not for everyone, but I found it a relaxing, and in no way boring game. My only complaint is that there are only 3 worlds. I can;t wait for more to be released. I should add that each world is quite a time commitment, so don;t take ""only 3 worlds"" to mean its a game you're going to finish quickly."
76561198019157151,Recommended,248390,8223567,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Thud,"This game still has some bugs, but as an early release that is to be expected.  It is a pretty solid game; I have had some glitches but no crashes. The world is well done and game play is fairly intuitive.  The graphics are a step above most of the competition.The dwarves can be somewhat humorous with their gusto to attack even against overwhelming odds. The AI for the dwarves has improved through the updates but still can be frustrating at time as a dwarf will go through the portal and just stand on the other side as it closes when there is no reason for them to be there.I have yet to make it to the second world but would still recommend this game."
76561198032480738,Recommended,248390,20309312,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Justice Gerbil,Best Dungeon RTS I Have Ever Played.
,Recommended,248390,24463279,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Unenthused,"After roughly 300 hours of this game I can't do anything but recommend it. It's a Dwarf fortress meets Minecraft in a wonderful little package. The new DLC adds to the experience and is well worth it for only $2.99. I've only played single player though, and I read some people being a bit disappointed in the multiplayer."
76561198043648920,Recommended,248390,24509791,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Meric,"This game is very similar to a game that I love called ""The Diggles"" or Wiggles in the UK. There is a 2d map with limited character development crafting and underground exploration similar to terraria. I really like this game and I am on the second level of the campaign, so I obviously enjoy the game, but I dont see how this game can be replayable. There is a multiplayer component on a minimap but that takes a long time to complete to get your rewards. The population is somewhat customizable as you can teach them up to 3 skills and change their erquipment. So, here are some of the gotchas.  The crafting tree doesn't really make sense. For example, it makes you craft an item that is less effective than an item you can already build. If you dont like your dwarves skills you can create potions later in the tech tree to make them forget them, all of them. Why not just forget one? Also their are equipment slots for accessories like a saw or a shield. This should be balanced better. Skill related items in one slot combat related items in another. All in all its a fun game worth buying on sale."
76561198024377908,Recommended,248390,24111433,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,rohk,Fun game to pass some time. So far there seems to be a decent amount of variation in what you can do as you get farther in the tech tree. The main downside is the AI. If you tell the Dwarfs to do a bunch of stuff and their is a way for them to place stuff where it blocks them from doing the other stuff you wanted they will do it that way. Overall I think it's worth dealing with some of the AI problems for how fun the game is in general.
76561198041075872,Recommended,248390,24483018,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Carzon22,I completely recommend this game. It has come a lot farther when I played last but the game has only improved uponeverything.
76561198061000493,Recommended,248390,21020886,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,wolfi14,It's addicting and time consuming but still I would recommend it. Because it's cool to build your own underground castle with your lazy snoring gnomes :D
,Recommended,248390,9858378,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,thesunscreen,"First off I have had fun playing this. (written while still Early-Access)I don't like the built-in (very obvious) micro-transaction-system, I mean I'm playing it on a PC, so why would I be fronted with that system, I couldn't even pay if I tried?On the other hand, that is not such a big problem after the first ""grind"" of getting things started is taken care of.A few hours in you start noticing it is a game still-in-development, not a lot of game-breaking-errors but a few, some are solved by exiting and reopening your saved-game.Some are graphical (UI 30-50% gone), some are obvious scripting-issues with path-finding and prioritization that is probably not completed or even implemented. Some are objects in the game, that for some reason does not apply yet / at this stage.But it is fun, you don't finish a session in a short time (can go on for a loooong time), and with hard work they will definitely finish a very good game. Adding features and polishing things are the priorities they should maintain, imo."
,Recommended,248390,10185649,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,BorschtBoy89,"I've enjoyed my time with CTW quit a bit, if you like the basebuilding part of Terraria or Minecraft, this is probably for you. It has a slightly annoying Facebook game-ish level up system (Make 5 ladders! Make 2 axes! Good job, here's a level!) but after a few levels the objectives make more sense and you're not creating random stuff... more like stuff you actually want.It's not perfect, but its fun for some slow-paced building and management.I'm excited to see what else gets fixed/added."
,Recommended,248390,9825859,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,thorvindr,"Regardless of what you might read on the Steam forum, this game is like Dwarf Fortress and Terraria, with the hintiest hint of TD to keep you on your toes and drive the game a bit. This game is NOT ""roguelike."" That term gets thrown around far too liberally. The only similarity between Craft the World and Rogue is that there are bad guys that try to kill you.All that being said, I'm enjoying this game immensely. It feels a lot like Terraria, but it plays more like Dwarf Fortress. Essentially, this is the game that I wanted Terraria to be. Instead of having direct control over one person, you have indirect control over a bunch of Dwarfs.The crafting is very user-friendly (unlike Minecraft, for example); you don't have to remember anything, and the interface is very intuitive."
76561198030145397,Recommended,248390,9827957,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Goat,"It's really nice game, i have played it on pirated for 10+ hours."
76561198017250004,Recommended,248390,16207683,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Flinch,"It's very simple...you NEED this game in your library.I have absolutely fallen in love with this game. Played around 80 hours at the point of writing this and can easily see myself playing another 80+ hours. It's incredibly addictive.The dwarves, items, weapons, world(s), enemies, everything in my eyes have been crafted with passion, and it shows!One thing I will mention if you were thinking about getting this game is you must have patience. Yes, it can (it did for me) take a long time to accumulate resources/items and build a nice big healthy fortress to keep the evil out, but for me personally, found it enjoyable and to a degree challenging keeping on top of it all. Just don't rush anything, have fun, take your time.If you like building, digging, managing items, fighting enemies, laying traps, crafting items/weapons/armour, cooking, making efficient tunnel networks, decorating your fortress and a whole bunch of other neat stuff...as I said, you need this game.Here is a screenshot of my latest base:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=455689362"
76561198025410191,Recommended,248390,9824579,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Xeon,+1
,Recommended,248390,9825020,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Zagz,"This is probably the best Early Access that I've seen on Steam. There's so much to craft, it's just insane. Hopefully, more creatures and random events will be added. For the price, this is a real steal and totally worth it! Have fun!"
,Recommended,248390,9826099,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,[M+B]Nimmo,"Great fun. Simple yet addictive game... little hard to get used to the ropes to start off with. Love games where you control little minions... worth a buy, I don't regret it."
76561198047112611,Recommended,248390,9828026,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,gadmarch667,This game isn't actually like any of the games it claims to be like.  They just took their (the games they claim this is like) seeds and grew them in more awkward directions making one heck of a really awkward RTS.It's not bad at least.
76561198024475304,Recommended,248390,9829567,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,raerei,Far too fun!
,Recommended,248390,9825205,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Frosty,"Great little game. Hundreds of hours of fun all packed into a tiny little 100MBs somehow.The mana system is really cool imo. You regen mana in real time, so if you prefer building at a fast pace you can do so. But only  for an hour or 2 before you'll run out. It's hard to explain correctly, but its a cool featureA couple Cons:-Stats dont really explain what they do-You can't make workers with particular skills do particular jobs(unless im missing it) so you can have a Miner 40 off chopping down trees, while you have a logger digging out caves.. its frustrating.-Crafting can be annoying since you have to click and drag everything (double clicking on something in the crafting box will do cool things though)"
,Recommended,248390,9827751,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Smokey,"From what i played its pretty good for the price. Obviously it has its issues which do show at times but its worth getting and its quiet fun, One thing i noticed was your characters are quiet stupid when it comes to combat but other than that it works pretty well."
,Recommended,248390,17376409,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Varitas,Craft the world is a charming sandbox game that is similar to games like terraria with a focus on crafting. You control a group of dwarves and explore and survive.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0TX4YFccgY
,Recommended,248390,13040993,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Iron Leonem,"First, a narrative! Skip to the dashed lines to get to the meat of my review.Sixteen hours in to the first level, my dwarven city was thriving, albeit a bit disorganized. Our ranks had swelled to twelve dwarves strong, and we were finally putting out silver to work in the newest armor and equipment available to us. The crimson red portals held little risk for us now. While we lost the occasional good dwarf to waves of unyielding, merciless foes, we always pushed them back in the end.It was while we were constructing our first mine cart track that we came across the secret, forbidden chamber, holding a guardian of unimaginable power. My poor dwarves fought bravely, but they could not stand to the unthinkable power of the ancient foe. Thinking quickly, I cast a magic gate spell, allowing the half of my forces who had survived to escape back to the core of my city.Only seven of the dwarves from that fateful encounter survived... but even while their hammers struck anvils to replace the equipment of their brothers, the homelands were sending reinforcements to bolster our ranks. I knew even then, when our enemy falls at our feet, we will not celebrate in the ruins of our allies. We will mourn, and look grimly ahead at the challenges to come.--I feel after 20 hours of gameplay, I am well qualified to recommend a game to friends and family. I qualify this because, as of writing this review, I STILL HAVEN'T BEATEN THE FIRST GOD DAMN LEVEL. This game has a level of depth that you wouldn't believe. It's like you took the core concepts at the heart of dwarf fortress, but added in playability and accessibility.New players are going to feel right at home almost immediately, and veteran dwarf managers and city builders alike are going to feel very comfortable with this game's mechanics and handling. This title combines the strategy and decision making of Dungeon Keeper with fun, engaging gameplay mechanics, building, and crafting.The best part of this game, as suggested above, is the natural narrative that is emergent to this game. You cannot help but become attached to your most effective dwarves, and if not mourn their ignominous deaths, at least feel vengeful against their murderers.I was stunned that this game falls under Early Access. Craft the World feels more complete than many games that have a much higher budget. If this is the UNFINISHED version, I cannot wait to see the end result.THE GOOD: EVERYTHING. Seriously, this game is fun, the pacing is pretty spot on for the most part, there is a perfect amount of tension and stress to make you feel like you're working for every step. Crafting, building, and decorating all feel really engaging and exciting.THE BAD: Okay so the pacing isn't *perfect*. Iron can be hard to find going in to early mid game, and seriously (I mean this big time) NEVER STOP MINING COAL. NEVER. You will ALWAYS need it, and you will NEVER have enough of it. This is mitigated by the magical gate spell that allows your dwarves to go from the heart of your base to the edges of the map instantly. This really strains your mana, though. The game picks back up again when you get railroads, and your dwarves start drag racing across the entire map.THE UGLY: I... you know, I think everything was in ""BAD"". I find very little flaw with this game, except perhaps that over the last 48 hours, I sank 20 in to this game. This is some serious fun.EDIT: There is one ugly thing. NEVER assume direct control over your dwarves. It's just a bad plan. Always. The controls are a little clunky, and they're just hard to manuever. Besides, games like this aren't really designed to be controlling one unit. Just sit back and let the dwarves do their thing, while passing down orders on your computer chair-throne."
76561198212605888,Recommended,248390,31366514,Posted: 25 April,all,jessbrooke,"This game has only two bad points, and the first that is that it is really very predictable. Once you figure out how and when those skeletons or goblins will run roughshod over your settlement, you can easily take them out with enough numbers and the right weapons the following morning. When playing a building game, I crave a little more variety.The second problem is that Sisters in Arms actually cost money despite changing the game only a small way. In a significant small way, yes, but not enough to warrant money.Other than that, this game is honest, charming and well thought out. While I would recommend it more as a gateway game to the building genre than something for experts, I have not played it on the highest difficulty yet, so I might be blowing hot air. Yes, it has funny dwarves as main characters, but this is game is neither sadistic nor too focussed on the humor at the expense of everything else, so please give it a try!7/10"
76561198060185848,Recommended,248390,9391732,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,jmerl,"Awesome game, keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,248390,9037138,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,CMDR Pain,"this is such an epic game, can not wait for the finished article."
76561198016005060,Recommended,248390,24869571,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,rick32547,"I have to be honest, this game surprised me.  I looked at it for some time and then finally went for it when it was on sale.   It looked like it could be fun but I wasn't sure there was enough substance to it but boy was I wrong!  This game is so much fun it's crazy.  All the positive ratings are right on target here.  I do agree we should have gotten the content of the DLC for free but I'm not going to be angry about that.Grab this one and you won't be disappointed.  This one has a great deal of fun game play."
,Recommended,248390,9351933,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Wolf,"Alot of fun, a must have"
,Recommended,248390,8021212,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,[x] marinad,"Very nice and pretty but still has much to be improved, filled with a content and balanced."
76561198079755633,Recommended,248390,23815598,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Why so serios :),"I think I have played enough of this game to give a good expination on what the game is about what its cons and pros are. so forth.Let me start with theCons*No multiplayer*Constant Problems (needs, Waves of enimies, Such)*Bad AI (Their ai will tell them to go into a hole. and go back and forth for about an hour then get out saying im hungry)*Difficult to control Dwarfs. (Tell them to go somehwere? they'll go. but in the hardest way possible.)*No fast Foward button (Or i don't see it but while the game is going. the button to make the game go faster is non existant.)Pros* Fun game to get into.*Fun backstory* good time killer (Playing for alittle bit)*Nice Mechanics (Build your own bit)* artistic style is niceSo my recomindation towards this game. Is a middle. If they changed some of the things that was listed then maybe the game would be a 100% Thumbs up. But for the mean time. it is a little tedious to play with. If they added their multiplayer then that would be more interesting. while the game is fun in its own way. There are ways that the developers could make it so much better. Personally what they could do for a start. is work on the dwarfs AI. The AI is a little bit a pain to work with. but when they go they will go. While the game is fun. My recomindation towards this game is going to be a Thumbs up, and a Thumbs Down. If the developers could fix the problems. then yes this game would and can be a really good game. but for nowMy rating of this game is a Thumbs up."
,Recommended,248390,14899756,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Yiruma,"Craft The World is a game which puts Minecraft, Terraria and SimCity into one big parcel! I think it is a great game for anyone who is looking for a survival gathering game, e.g. Minecraft and Terraria players.The game itself looks really good. The graphics aren't bad and the animation work.Good:+Great gameplay+Addicting+Fun for hours+Graphics are adequate for a game like this+There are many options for games and you can do a lot of different stuff in the game in order to achieve the recipes.Bad/Needs fixing:-The pathing of the characters needs some work-Some enemies are really hard to defeat without losing any characters-Can get boring because characters do tasks in a somewhat random order"
76561198052665124,Recommended,248390,25851810,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Stromne,This is a great casual strategy/god game.
76561198052356358,Recommended,248390,29091286,Posted: 7 January,all,crazymonkey_lp,"decent game, you manage a group of dwarves in a similar world to terraria"
76561197969628949,Recommended,248390,16261411,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,ImAGodDmnDragn,"If you turned Terraria into a simulation/strategy game and added some elements of Starbound, you'd get Craft the World.Pros-LOTS of gameplay potential if you're fond of the game mechanics offered (there are 4 stages and I've spend almost 30 hours just on the first one.)-Randomized worlds mean that your experiences playing will be varied-Dwarves can each be given their own weapons and items-Crafting level-up system is interesting and unique-Tons of items to craft and tons of ways to use them-A well created base is fairly self-sufficient, you can give your dwarves a bunch of tasks to do, leave for an hour, then come back to find things (usually) going smoothly (as long as you are on an easy level and they have enough food)Cons-Dwarf AI is TERRIBLE (caps for emphasis), there are times when they path in the most rediculous ways that waste a lot of time and lead to them taking a lot of extra damage (from falling off ledges, drowning, moving through hazards, ect...)-Gameplay can get repetative, and it's really annoying to have to start your fort over when you get to a new level-Leveling up takes forever as you progress which leads to a lot of repetative gameplay.  The big drive for leveling up is getting that extra dwarf at each level to add to your army, but it never feels like you have enough dwarves.  I wish the game gave you more of them to work with as a whole, I feel like the huge buildings I create could/should house a whole legion of dwarves but I'm instead restricted to the 13 I have at level 13-Fighting often feels anti-climactic, you'll either easily mow down most enemies or get slaughtered by the larger ones (at least until you advance your craft far enough to make better stuff or have more dwarves from leveling up)  There isn't much strategy behind the combat other than making sure you have enough dwarves in an area to swarm the undead during invasions-Crafting is tedious, the game requires you to put ingredients(click and drag) into slots even though all craftable item recipes are learned from advancing your crafting skill tree.  It only adds a few seconds to gameplay, but having to do it each time you learn a new recipe adds up. (Especially since the game pauses whenever you go into the crafting menu.)-Moving to a new world causes you to lose all of your research progress.  This is a huge frustration when the portals keep spawning harder and harder monsters and you're struggling to catch up.OverallThe game offers a lot of gameplay and replayability, especially in the beginning.  And although it may start to feel like a grind later on, you'll still get many solid hours of fun gameplay out of this title.  For the price, it's worth checking out. (And to support the devs in hope they take this system and refine it.)  If you would like more information about this game, I've created some videos showing gameplay...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pBdcQcppiq0*Update - So I've gotten to the point where I don't really want to play this game anymore due to the repetative nature.  I'm going to keep the reccomendation just because I easily got my money's worth out of the game, but you may be disappointed by the repetative nature of the late game.  The developer really should have added more unique content to the later levels."
76561198231994704,Recommended,248390,16301952,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Faerador,"Just finished the first world, so I feel a review is now fair to write.  Love this game!  You take charge of a growing squad of dwarves, and give them tasks as needed, in order to make the world a nice place for a clan of dwarves to settle.  But enemies will also come for your kingdom, so take the time to prepare.  You can either just give orders and sit back, or you can get your own hands dirty by taking control of any individual dwarf for certain tasks.The game has a lot of replay value.  The first campaign, at a fairly normal pace but trying to explore most of the world, took about 25 to 30 hours.  Graphics are simple and cutesy, but still quite pretty and functional for what the game is trying to do.  The crafting tree is robust, with a lot of functional and cosmetic items.  Though, even cosmetic items are functional in a way, given how the dwarves' resting mechanic works.The only real drawback to this game comes when you gather quite the party of dwarves (over 10).  Then, the dwarven AI individually tends to compete, and they start to derp in frustrating ways.  You'll see 2 or 3 dwarves competing for a single task and getting waylaid on the other side of portals if you don't micromanage certain tasks.  Too, sometimes dwarves will fail their tasks for no apparent reason, or plain not recognize their task.  Fortunately, you can (usually) clear this problem by taking control of a dwarf and/or immediately releasing him.All in all, the game is fully worth the $20 it was at regular price.  If you catch it on a Steam sale, you'll do even better.  For lovers of simpler real-time strategy, with mining/crafting elements, building, and some battling!"
,Recommended,248390,16261776,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,DecayedChain,I love this game. I get lost in it for hours and hours at a time. I keep having different ideas about my gnomes house so i keep restarting so i have only reached the second planet once..
,Recommended,248390,18885118,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Eizo,"Enjoyable 2-D DF-light.Like an ant farm, but with dwarves instead of ants."
,Recommended,248390,19182762,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,SAVAVE PEMPAUSIS,"One of the best time killing games for PC out there. Every day I go to it and play for a few hours straight! There is something about this game, that makes it so special! Reccomended to everyone!Yet though it has some slight bugs, but what is a game without bugs, right?10/10."
,Recommended,248390,7825895,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,PiVo,It's a ♥♥♥♥ing awesome!!!
76561198112178736,Recommended,248390,32944956,Posted: 28 June,all,keylocke,"i recommend most games i buy coz if i think it's a horrible game then i wouldn't even waste any cash or effort playing it,so instead i'd offer constructive criticisms. so here goes :+players should be able to issue commands even when game is paused. there should also be fast forward button.+current combat kiting only seems effective when fighting against a strong powerful opponent, but it's totally stupid against hordes since current kiting AI only seems to mind it's current target and mostly ignores the rest of the horde's position. suggested solution : kiting directions should always point away from the horde. if unable to kite away from horde, then just stay in position. (this should modify combat kiting when fighting multiple nearby opponents. current combat kiting is fine against single opponent)+using horn spell is very strategically limited :a) players can't separate combatants from non-combatants (crafters are forced to fight, even if i want them to keep crafting)b) players can't separate melee from archers/mages, so they end up in the same place as the melee.c) even though players can control individual dwarves, the process is entirely tedious.d) suggested solution : instead of ""controlling"" dwarves individually, just create a ""draft"" command (similar to rimworld) where players can order multiple dwarves using RTS commands. this would give players much more strategic flexibility.+research trees are needlessly convoluted. weapon/armor research should not require other research trees. especially since players will eventually migrate to a different world anyways, so all those decorations should just be optional, NOT a necessity. (most of the decors are redundant anyways)+there should be the option to change job priorities for each individual dwarf (perfect example again is rimworld). this way, players can tell a dwarf to prioritize one jobs over other jobs. specialization.+players should be able to assign task priority levels. ie : players can order dig top priority in one place and then order a dig low priority in another place.+players should be able to assign specific beds to specific dwarves. (i couldn't find the option to do this.)+there should be an option to assign a specific dwarf to a specific workshop. this way, dwarven specialists will work at their assigned workshop, which is likely placed nearby their assigned bed.+sometimes the equipped helmet is bugged and doesn't appear if the item equipped on body is a different tier/category. ie : leather helmet sometimes doesn't appear when wearing iron body armor.that's it for now, will update whenever i feel like it."
76561197991567851,Recommended,248390,11500646,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Fixxed,"Amazing mix between terraria and a strategy game. Unique, addictive and fun.Dig, fight, defend, attack by controlling a small band of dwarves. Gear them, earn skills (in ES spirit (doing same thing over n over)) feed them, build them a shelter and defend it!Graphics are pretty much like Stamworld Dig for those who played it. Interesting.The only downside (which is justified by the early access factor) is the poorly built rarity hierarchy. Meaning that, some items supposed to be rare are more common than meant to be common items..."
76561198224923236,Recommended,248390,19485933,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,SpiderMonkeySteve,"ever sense I watched paulsoaresjr's Craft the World series (37 eps) I've wanted the game, when I finally looked on Steam (took me about 8 days and 1 hour) I was furtinate enough to look on Steam when the 60% off, for craft the world, when I bought it (for $7.59) I started my campaign and ABSOLUTLEY LOVED IT!!!!!!! (5 thumbs up)!"
76561198048233407,Recommended,248390,14893422,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Grim Reaper,fun game needs some more weopon content though
76561198122329562,Recommended,248390,11983675,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Baiganx,Will write a more in-depth review later. Game is too fun to put down.
76561198029973055,Recommended,248390,7700711,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,bidulless,"great game , it will be a must when it will releasethere is still some need on balance , mostly ressource , but its a great game for it state of developpement.very addictive and nicelly designed ,do not hesitate to buy it"
,Recommended,248390,15977389,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Brew Monk Focious,"A charming game, but don't let that exterior cartoon-like smiling faces fool you. Underneath the inviting facade lies a game that will challenge your patients, drive you crazy (in a good way), as well as offer you many many hours of enjoyable game time.At first glance I thought ""Great, another Tablet game that's on the PC"". I could not have been more wrong.  A BIT on the casual side but not so much as to become a clickfest game and involved enough to keep you playing WAY WAY past when you want to.If you are looking for a nice game to kick back and play AND get your monies worth, you just can't go wrong with Craft The World.I only wish there were even more worlds to play. (see below)UPDATE: New world now available and I am VERY proud to say it is not DLC. A HUGE thank you to the developers for releasing this content as an update instead of a DLC."
76561198045774472,Recommended,248390,15966146,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,MaRkV,"What to say about this one? Well, to start off it is one I recommend whole-heartedly. I enjoy playing CTW a lot. It seems to have the potential to be boring, dig stuff up, find the secret rooms, kill the boss, move on to next level. But it is not boring at all.So, the story is that you have a dwarf who doesn't even have an axe. Yep, a dwarf without an axe. Mad I say; everyone knows dwarves are born kicking and screaming, beard and all, with axe in hand. Salt and pepper, coffee and cream, mac and cheese, dwarf and axe. Still you have the potential to sort this out pretty soon. Dig up some stone with your little stone knife, cut down a couple of trees and you get to build an axe. Or a pick axe. Or both. But by now, you probably have another dwarf, sans axe of course, and have to kit him out too.But of course, a stone axe just won't cut it will it? (Sorry, pun intended) You want to move up to iron, steel, silver and eventually to mithril. For all your dwarves. This takes time and patience but it is worth it.The campaign starts you off in a nice little forest world. Beat this then you move on to an ice world without anything you had before you moved over. But of course you don't move all your team across, just one and you start all over again, this time on a harder world. But you are not done when you finish this world. Desert world is next. Now, the latest update has arrived and, lo, a new world has been added. Underground! With a whole new set of creatures and bad guys to take on and some kind of underground God thing who likes you to leave stuff for it on an altar and if it likes the stuff it will give you useful stuff. I haven't beaten this world yet, only just started it so i can't tell you what happens but all in all a nice addition.So, get digging / chopping / fishing / smithing and all the other things you need to do to beat this game. I enjoy it and hopefully you will too!"
,Recommended,248390,17258522,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,wHITeWolf,"I could make this a long huge review but im not, Short and to the pointFor its like:StarboundAge of empiresMinecraftTower DefenseGoods: Lots, to many to countBads: Dwafs are dumb as♥♥♥♥♥♥somtimes but its funny to me.I have 5 Hours or so and im maby half through the first world? Game is so much fun. For $6 its a no brainer!"
76561198009045223,Recommended,248390,17259021,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,herr_dechse,That game is much more complex than it looks. What I like most  that unlike many other games there are creatures who can destroy blocks and the material of blocks matter. There are also creatures who loot and destroy stuff. Thats something I really miss in Dwarf Fortress for example. Nice game I must say.
,Recommended,248390,30931050,Posted: 3 April,all,Markocalypse,"Craft The World was a really enjoyable experience throughout the first playthrough. It was hard getting used to the controls and mechanics of the game, but learning the game was well worth it. Your game can go south so fast due to tough enemies and tougher challenges. I didn't get to play through it twice, but i'm sure the replayability is there.Would reccomend."
76561197970720161,Recommended,248390,16430239,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Game_Dude,"You start with a stockpile on the surface and one dwarf at your disposal, which you can order around by marking terrain, items or enemies or even selecting them and giving them direct orders (like ""go sleep""). Any and everything you gather is stored in the stockpile, and needs to be defended by your dwarves. Especially at night, when undeads walk the lands. In set intervals a portal will open and release a horde of enemies walking towards your stockpile, much larger than the few undeads during normal nights.As you gather ressources you can build a house around the stockpile with several floors, offensive towers and many, many items to fill it up. Several crafting stations produce different types of items, from food over equipment to more complex devices. Over time you will get more dwarves under control, which do all the work for you: mining, chopping trees, hunting animals, farming, killing monsters and generally keeping your base intact. They will also need to eat and sleep from time to time.Mind you: food has to be placed on a table for the dwarves to access it and sleeping should be manually ordered before entering a cave in the deep or the timed monster invasions. Just to make sure everyone is at maximum health. If one of your dwarves dies he is gone forever. A new dwarf joins you after a few minutes however. The items can be recovered, but his skills are lost.The goal of the game is to progress through the technology tree until you can create a portal which leads you to the next world. Building it will require finding caves in the deep and disposing of its bosses, as well as gathering ressources and finding the original, destroyed portal.The number of items to create is nigh unlimited and serves a huge amount of purposes. Even decoration items increase the comfort of your base and thus let the dwarves regenerate faster while sleeping.The dwarves themselves can pick up to three skill lines at once (warrior, miner, swimmer, logger, ..) which can be improved through skill books. You (the player) learn several spells ranging from a simple (but very useful) town portal to more advanced ones like the fireball spell. You do have limited mana, however, which regenerates at a very slow rate.Finishing the first (easy, small) world took me over 17 hours, but I took my time with it. This should give an estimate of the other worlds, which are all larger and have a more complex topographic.At any rate, if you enjoy more strategical, relaxed sandbox games this is strongly recommended."
76561197990956151,Recommended,248390,19701576,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,maui,"These block/crafting type games tend to look really good but lack substance or look really bad because the devs spend all their time on substance and gamplay NOT THIS ONE. It looks good plays well and is very enjoyable the devs also continue tinkering and improving it.Whilst I consider this ""lite"" gaming it will challenge you at times and loves to keep the pressure on with waves of enemies coming through a portal every 40 odd minutes. It also likes to mess with my OCD side by using giant worms or dust storms to muck up my dwarf camp (the further you get into the level the less impact these events have.....if you plan right lol)I have read some other reviews and I agree the dwarfs having pathing issues........lol they are really stupid at times.....but if you really need something done you just take control of a dwarf and do it yourself. Personally I dont bother I just prioritise  the tasks I assign .....like defence first then bury them in chores. You will still have to go looking for one that gets himself stuck or built in every now and then but I just laugh and say dumb dwarfs.The biggest tip I can give those about to play is don't get to attached to your dwarfs if you let a few die along the way for the greater good of the base you will progress faster plus they are replaced a few minutes later."
76561198085246043,Recommended,248390,10654878,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,andrew.p1200,it is a very good game
,Recommended,248390,29255425,Posted: 14 January,all,Muchaching,"Great concept. Fine implementation mostly - with one exception.The movement mechanics for Dwarfs could be alot better - too many cases where Dwarfs lose situation just because of jumping in fights, choosing dumb paths, hanging decision-making, etc. This part is really low-quality implemented. Micro-management should deal with gameplay, - not with workaround glitches of poor mechanics."
,Recommended,248390,29041117,Posted: 5 January,all,The Notorious Spicy Dinosaur,"This is basically Dwarf Fortess in two dimensions, with graphics but less complexity for it. That isn't to talk down about the game, I just spent all night playing it. This game is super fun. If you like Dwarf Fortress, you are going to like it.I haven't died yet so no idea if you have to redo all your progression if so. I got down to three dwarves but hid in my fort until things got a bit better. This game is more forgiving than Dwarf Fortress. I would call it graphical dwarf fortress light.As such, I think it could use some sort of Dwarf Therapist addition equivalent. But it's an exceptionally fun game and well worth the cost, though I am a bit irked they made me pay just to get female dwarves, dammit!"
,Recommended,248390,24105049,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,AeroSub,This game is a lot of fun.  the different levels with different things help with replayablity.
76561198013947664,Recommended,248390,24161596,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Nosferatu,"Really good sandbox game ;)But can be better in Multiplayer.Improvement tips.The people want play like single player but multiplayer, growing from the beginning together. Need one multiplayer option in the menu, for start together, not in the middle game."
,Recommended,248390,24156913,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Weeder,Awesome!!!
,Recommended,248390,12110603,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Drakeignius,Great game.
,Recommended,248390,14606692,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Zander,"Craft The World is a very enjoyable game, you have so much to do in this game even if its only a 2D game the artwork and sprites are beauty made. I rate this game AWESOME out of 10 and Craft The World > 10."
76561197966544745,Recommended,248390,24066108,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,zorloch,Neat little crafter.  Reminds me of dwarf fortress but way easier.  Plays well on a tablet
,Recommended,248390,23931450,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,jonmerlin,Fantastic game!
,Recommended,248390,14851598,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,revanous,"Very fun game, love all the items you have to craft and reach and the random raids make things interesting"
76561197964174660,Recommended,248390,15408975,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Dudas,Too addictive. Had to uninstall.
76561198031278560,Recommended,248390,13188001,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Othobrithol,"Sort of a mashup between DF (or its clones like Towns, Gnomoria, Rimworld etc) and sidescrolling explorers like Terraria or it's many clones. You start with one dwarf on a random map and progress through multiple technologies all the while collecting resources, delving deeper, fighting off waves of monsters and building an appealing looking fort. Blocks are big so it isn't nearly as spammy as most block games.I've easily forgotten myself and stayed up hours later than I planned just because I wanted to finish up one more ore cluster, finish rearming my dwarves (there are about 6 stages or armor and weapons), or build one mre piece of eyecandy. Hghly recommended."
76561198003694300,Recommended,248390,10905720,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Mick,"Can't get dwarves to sleep in their beds, because the game keeps reminding me that they only sleep inside. I have placed the beds under a roof surround by walls and inside the deeper tunnels. but it keeps telling they won't sleep there...What am I doing wrong?I aslo cannot place anything I crafted, that isn't already on the tool-bar. Right now, I am trying place a noraml wooden table inside one of the buildings, but can't get at them. It's not on the tool-bar. So, how do I fix this?Are these normal bugs or what?Is it because this game is still unfinished?"
,Recommended,248390,27049439,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,spectf,"I really enjoy this game. I bought in during EA on a whim and have been pleasantly surprised by it. Especially the longevity it has in game play. It can be slow at times, and some of the newest features (rats, spiders) can get annoying, but these are minor gripes for an overall outstanding colony builder.You start with 1 dwarf, and grow your colony by crafting, fighting nighttime skeleton and zombie attackers, and then a massive wave of enemies every 45 minutes or so. In the first (easiest) world, you get to about 12 dwarves by the time you find and fix the portal out. Then you go to a new world where resources are harder to find, and the fighting waves of monsters are harder. This is where the game become much more challenging, which keeps it interesting.The dev recently added DLC which brought female dwarves into the game, and a few other changes, but the gameplay itself remains a colony builder at it's core. I do wish they would eliminate the damn rats that show up when your ""home"" is not yet ""comfortable"" as it just becomes an annoyance in the early part of each world, but like I said, it's a minor thing."
76561198031782599,Recommended,248390,7768361,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Devs,"LOL,love the dwarfs,its great fun!"
,Not Recommended,248390,33109111,Posted: 1 July,all,EsperothVIII,I wanted to like this game.  I held out for a long time hoping that the devs would fix the dwarves terrible AI that has been an issue since I bought the game over a year ago.  Nothing has changed.  Countless fans post comments about the bugs and issues with the game and the dwarves AI on the patch announcements but still nothing has been done to fix it.This dev does not deserve your money.
,Recommended,248390,8129569,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,WhiteCrow,"Fantastic gem of a game. Amidst the Terrarias, Minecrafts, Starbounds, this game can hold its own. You will sink equal amounts of time into it. Base building, crafting, combat, a tech tree, there's a lot to love here and plenty to get lost in. Great developer support has seen numerous patches with bug fixing, free content, and more to come. I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,248390,8922945,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Toastee,"I pirated this game, and played for about 2 minutes before I realized that it was awesome and bought it.It's the most fun I've had with an early access game ever! The graphics are beautiful, and it pays a slight homage to Dwarf fortress.I would reccomend this game."
76561198051708620,Recommended,248390,12544268,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,ShadowWolf261988,"Like it says its early access, so the bugs are there and yes you will notice them, however it dint take me long to not start seeing the good aswell and that this game makes for a good way to pass the time, that said do your check out the game maybe read more info on it to find if its something you can get into. I myself belive the game is worth that at the very least.Overall i very much enjoy this game and see good things in its future."
76561198321272883,Recommended,248390,25729469,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Military_Boy,cool survival game :) ! buy and enjoy this game because this game is soo beautiful and the gameplay is still easy
76561198104926568,Recommended,248390,7753434,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,mostlyminecraftgaming,"This game obviously isn't completed yet, there's a lot of things you can click on, or complete that will crash the game, and can even freeze your PC. The game excluding all the crashes is EXTREMELY addicting depending on the kind of gamer you are into the hardcore FPS games, well this may not be your kind of game. This game is well worth the money, I definitely recommend this game to the casual gamer, or a gamer that plays anything that can kill time. But remember the game is still being developed so if you're having any problems report them and wait until they are fixed. (4/5 Including Bugs;)"
,Recommended,248390,13074811,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,metropx,"Bloody love this game.  I tell myself I'm going to play for 20 minutes and I find myself spending the rest of the evening playing, and then wanting to get back to the tunnels the next day!"
76561197972429962,Not Recommended,248390,20725657,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,NightRaid,"While I do like the look of the game, there are things that need work.Telling your dwarves to kill something, sends them ALL to attack. Leaving your stockpile open to attack by goblins, which I didn't know until it happened. The thing that bugs me most, is the lack of any explanation to do anything.  There is no tutorial to do that. Your given the option of starting a game, but are attacked every night by a number of enemies, while trying to figure out how to build a decent structure, or how to build things that your dwarves will need, like beds, and food.Others have other complaints about the game. But the lack of any helpful information is the biggest problem for me."
76561197960565067,Recommended,248390,17986072,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,jettah,"For the micromanager in you.Dig, cut, mine, build, craft and fight your way to the end.Bought during Beta and probably the best 15 dollars I have ever spent on an Early Access game.  500+ hours playing and can't wait to see the addition of more maps.Have beaten all levels and have beat most on Hardcore mode, so waiting for a new map so I can jump back in and play some more.Highly recommend."
76561198024913510,Recommended,248390,26441104,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Tedminator,Great fun game! Lets me be creative and kill stuff at the same time. Thanks for the Halloween event!Nominating for best Use of a Farm Animal Award :)
76561198046603994,Recommended,248390,29050325,Posted: 5 January,all,rodee_98,This is a great time killer. Very addicting.
,Recommended,248390,28760720,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,stormseeker2015,"It's a grate game to sit down and play with friends. The AI can sometimes be a little stupid but overall I am having a great time playing this with my friends. Speaking of friends the multiplayer is fun but it takes about 2 hours to unlock multiplayer on your world and you're friend that you want to play with also has to unlock the multiplayer mode. Overall this is a great game for the price and is like blockheads, mindcraft, creativerse, and terraria in one game."
,Recommended,248390,28793790,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Ark,For 5$ canadian on christmas sale cant beat it. Played only 20 mins so far but i've really enjoyed it. Its really difficult probably because i have no idea what im doing but getting jumped by a gang of 20 spear weilding goblins doesnt help.
76561198165737120,Not Recommended,248390,24618451,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Noob1117,I used to love this game now i dont even receive updates for mac anymore i payed money for a broken DLC and i got no content by the time i realized this I could get no refund.  The Devs dont even read the forums after numerous attempts at trying to get there attention.
,Recommended,248390,12910460,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Ivory Natalia,"An addictive little gem in the genre. I was somewhat expecting another wannabe Minecraft, but it's so much more than that. The achievements give you more fun to attain other than the missions/goals called ""tasks"" and the campaign mode offers multiple levels (at this point, three) to explore and work through, with different world sizes and types. (I *HATE* snow. With a passion. In a good way.) If you want a sandbox building/crafting game that feels like anything other than Mindcrack (yes, I went there), then check out this game. :D"
,Recommended,248390,28578323,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Pirocious,The game is fun but the AI is super buggy and the dwarves will do anything it takes to kill themselves.
76561198027901820,Recommended,248390,16560942,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,junkramen,"6.5/10; only buy on sale.Craft the World tries to be a more polished mix of Dungeon Keeper, Terraria, and Dwarf Fortress.  Sounds like an amazing idea, but the reputation and success of those games makes for extremely large shoes to fill.  Now, while CtW is a decently fun game, it's just not deep enough to appeal to fans of the games which it is based upon.It has the 2d construction and mining that Terraria has, but none of the different worlds are nearly as ""epic"" as the world made in Terraria.  Terrarra had a significant ""Metroidvania"" aspect in its crafting and looting that expanded the player's exploration options once they've found the right materials.  CtW tries to do this in the form of a techtree, but it just feels grindy and arbitrary compared to Terraria's more subtle systems.  The different biomes from Terraria instead exist as separate maps in CtW, making the scope of each world much smaller despite the larger number of builders.   For example, one of the funnest aspects of Terraria was that digging could get you to run into old sunken ships, mushroom worlds, and demonic fortresses.  In CtW, you get more dirt, some insects, and maybe a vampire.  The game's pace is much slower as well, which makes it feel like a slog through a shallow pit compared to Terraria.Few games can match the complexity and deepness of Dwarf Fortress, but CtW doesn't even begin to graze the surface.  Dwarves in CtW are born with innate specializations and can train and equip for more, but they can't ever be assigned specific tasks.  There is a ""trader,"" but he's more like a regular RPG vendor and there is no diplomacy.  The challenge from DF is also unlikely to be found.  The game, with its combined slow pacing and simplicity, just doesn't have the same ""losing is fun!"" appeal that Dwarf Fortress does, and you have to really mess up badly to even begin to replicate experiences from that game.So why the recommendation?  Well, I cannot pretend that any game worse than DF or Terraria is a bad game.  I had some fun playing CtW, thanks to the graphics and polish.  Making my dwarves upgrade to defend against increasingly threatening invasions was fun.  I'm just not sure who to recommend it to; fans of Dwarf Fortress will find it way too simplistic, and fans of Terraria would want a more diverse world to explore.  Maybe to people who've played neither and are interested in this sort of game, but why?  DF is free and Terraria is 1/5 the price.Bottom line: Craft the World is a decently fun game but does not nearly match the epicness and complexity of the games it is based on.  Buy it on sale and don't expect to be blown away."
76561197994809151,Recommended,248390,30627881,Posted: 19 March,all,decoder42,"One of the better games in my Steam library, I've recently started this one again from scratch.  Fun game of crafting/exploring/defending, really nice UI and graphics.  At higher levels, the periodic 'Monster' waves can be pretty overwhelming, but it adds an edge to the game that would be missing without the stress of trying to prepare for the next onslaught.I've seen some comments about the dumb AI of the dwarves - they're not geniuses, but it's pretty trivial to get them properly marshalled with a little experience.  It's a crafting/exploration game first and foremost - some people will find that tedious, but I enjoyed working through the crafting tree.  The rewards at the higher levels of the tree are pretty substantial."
76561198012937310,Not Recommended,248390,19417293,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Cornflower,"Bottom line: this is a poorly-executed instance of a strong concept. Clumsy UI, filler-heavy crafting trees, lots of hand-holding of AI minions strewn across a map with poor tools for monitoring what they're up to, seemingly simple tasks that devolve into laborious tedium (I'm looking at you, sheep farming)."
76561197971115509,Recommended,248390,13157987,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Air Wick,"Way more fun than I had a right to expect, Craft the World takes an almost overdone genre and breathes new life into it with a new take on some basic mechanics. Some elements such as balance aren't perfect yet, but it paid for itself quickly with many hours of lost sleep per dollar."
,Not Recommended,248390,26578012,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Beeb,"Wonderful game if your only intentions are to play it alone.If you bought it thinking that co-op would a good time, please do not purchase this game. This isn't multiplayer in the sense that you can start the game from the beginning alongside your friend (in this case, my wife). You have to progress alone until you reach level 5, which then allows you to invite someone to play together. You are then warped to a biome (not the one you played on originally), where you play co-op, or pvp, with the person you invited (or that joined randomally, if that works. Didn't try it myself).In my opinion, having to go through any of the game solo to be able to play co-op is a very odd and misleading co-op functionality. It defats the purpose of what co-op is meant to be in a video game. I don't want to be forced to play alone for however it takes to be able to invite a friend, just to be thrown into a new world for the brief multiplayer fun, then thrown back to own world.With all of that said, if this was listed as a single player game, I would have no issues with purchasing it. Great game, lots of fun, just not true multiplayer."
76561198011050078,Not Recommended,248390,26313463,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Wiz4rd,"This game starts very fun, but it is VERY bugged at the moment. The most simple, basic commands do not get done for unknown reasons - It gets very frustrating when you need to spend more time figuring out how to fix the AI issues then playing the game itself."
,Recommended,248390,25674874,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,djmastaman,"Craft the world is a fun game to play you start off with one dwarf and a knife and must build up from there. now to progress from a vietcong like hole in the dirt to a castle you need to advance on the tech tree, to do that you will need to make things belonging to that technology EXE. making basic stone works will advance you to advanced stone work sadly guns are only avablible in the last biome for some stupid reason. the ""story"" is some random a** dwarf saying the evil forces found us again thats it thats pretty much the only expostion you get.that said progressing is satisfying when you go from cowereing from goblins or skeletons to full on slaughtering them, the main threat to you is the monster horde, every Fourty mins or so a portal will open and a huge monster assault will happen i'm talkin' anything from basic zombies to huge or armoured skeletons weird eye monsters they will decimate you at the start crude clubs and wood armour don't really help when a gaint skeleton comes with a massive flail and starts S*** whipping every one... imagine that. though the biome your in also has specific enemies like the forrest world has goblins that look suspiciosly like native americans come to raid you are weird little furry eskimo tribes in the artic know one huge complaint is when dwarves have low health they will flee BUT sometimes they will stop mid flee and make a last stand you then yell at your screen YOU AREN""T A F****** SPARTAN FLEE DUMB*** but thats not the only problem after a while with all the mining building and what not your dwarves will be overwhelmed like one time i had a mine with a split one way went to S*** tons of oron the other a little coal and dirt you can't prioritize ores jobs or anything like that so i spent about 4 hours waiting for the iron to be mined because They went for the coal and dirt that section later gave me mithril but the point is you're dwarves get overwhelmed and might do the less contributing jobs first my last two points are A you need to build a totem to make a shelter so dwarves can sleep you can't just make single houses which if your under 50 percent comfort you constanly get rats  and B the sisters in arms DLC should be FREELC anything it adds would literaly fit right in to any tech tree but then you wouldn't pay 5 dollars for female dwarves and a few pets would you 8/10 would be 9/10 if not for the stupid DLC rip-off"
76561197984654092,Not Recommended,248390,19526081,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,N Corbin (UK),"Just too clunky, not enough options, glad i tried it but not something i can recommend. Just buy something else."
,Not Recommended,248390,26577838,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,wandarling,"BUYER BEWARE: If you are purchasing this game for a RTS-style multiplayer experience, you will be disappointed. The multiplayer does not work like normal games (someone hosts, invite, join, voila!), but rather you have to craft a specific portal, which takes a bit of time to get to. Once you craft the portal, you can then invite your friend to something that looks like an instance. It is basically just a dungeon where you defeat a boss with your friend and then go back to your own world. I will be asking for a refund for this game on Steam for this reason. Hopefully I can deter anyone else who thought this was a legitimate multiplayer. If you are looking for singleplayer, have at it. The game is very fun, just not what I was expecting as far as multiplayer!"
,Not Recommended,248390,19446930,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,carchuleta89,"One of the most frustrating games I have ever played.  I can understand a game where your controlable units are meant to be careless and goofy, but this is far beyond that.  The AI is ATROCIOUS.  To the point where crafting even the most simple structures becomes a frustrating time sink of placing ladders, then removing ladders, then one of your dwarves gets attacked so EVERY SINGLE DWARF drops what they're doing to help, then they procede to pick up all the items they dropped and, instead of completing their original task, returning said items to base before having someone else entirely go now pick up the items, then oops one of your dwarves gets attacked...Over it.  Do not recommend."
76561198043540012,Recommended,248390,7773297,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,estebanglh,"great game, very addicting. Resembles terraria, but id say its better."
76561198001627572,Recommended,248390,12368771,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,knil_link,interesting game not bad to check out. Levels take some time.
76561198083799086,Recommended,248390,12149135,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,SonicX,"Great game... addictive, fun and enjoyable.Played this game with my son 7 years old, already finish first campaign.But several times error during skeleton attack, but works again after restart."
,Recommended,248390,11315663,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,PrincessNarcolepsy,I love this game they update alot and the gameplay is always fun give it a try
,Recommended,248390,12536712,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Fi5VEPKC (The Madland Warrior),"This game is something that I thought I'd never play.I bought it a while back and just now am getting to playing it. I wish I would've played it before.The game is without-a-doubt addicting, and actually exciting to see your world of dwarves grow."
76561197985222155,Recommended,248390,12573881,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Moryseth,"Very addictive micro-management game, reminiscent of Dungeon Keeper in term of control you have over your dwarves.You need to defend your dwarves against waves of enemies, build them a proper shelter and progress technologicaly to better everything. :PThere is much to craft and create, plenty of fun and it seems you never have enough time to play it when you do.For an early access you won't be disapointed in the content, it feels like a complete agame."
76561198310016688,Recommended,248390,23744778,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,hacker,when i baught this game i played it and never stopped.
,Recommended,248390,14831964,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Bine_Rahat,"Rant alert:This is one of my favorite games I have bought recently. Hopefully, my 90+ hours of play time will show that! I really enjoy commanding dwarves to carve out through the depths of the underground. After I first bought the game, my first reactions were ""This looks so very nice!"", ""Wait... There are onlythreeworlds?"" and ""Holy crap this tech tree!"" After my first 5+ hours I started to understand the games mechanics. Really easy to download and play, plus there is a tutorial, that is skippable when you start a new world. Now the problems I have with the game. Right around the middle of the tech tree, I find myself having to grind along. Most of that is because of a need for wool. The developers remedied this by adding traps and farms to maintain sheep. Unfortunately, both the farm fences and the trap require rope, which is made with wool, to make. Also, the AI for the dwarves still needs a little work. Often they will not pick up the resources I need and instead gather around tables for chats. That being said, the AI is not bad by any means. Recently there was an update that did help fix this. I have had a problems with occasional minor lag spikes and my saves corrupting if my computer bluescreens, which is not the developers fault. The fault lies with GeForce producing terrible cards ( and Nvidia producing updated♥♥♥♥♥♥drivers for older cards. Definitely worth $20. I would buy it again at that price, and an even better value if bought cheaper.Pros:-The games art style-Large tech tree-Large maps-Personally control one dwarf at a time-Wide spectrum of enemiesCons:-Grind, grind, grind-minor lag spikesBottom line:I would definitely buy this again and I would completely recommend this game for any of my friends."
76561197985837350,Recommended,248390,8056471,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Verniks,Geniaal
,Recommended,248390,8070286,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Kella Win,excellent
76561198006503796,Recommended,248390,9153089,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Chapzwrath,"If you love terraria, this game can get hilarious."
,Recommended,248390,11024132,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Berntsen,"It's like Dwarf Fortress had sex with Terraria and they had a child, and the child mated with Dungeon Keeper and they had a child."
76561198001022938,Recommended,248390,25873658,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,[PoopB]Ognami,"I've really been enjoying this game a great deal and I wish they got a bit more love from players now. I guess I am two years late to the launch party but I am so glad it went on sale and I was curious enough to try it. I've been recommending it to my friends for a sale purchase. The only reason I say sale purchase is because there just seems to be a few weird AI quirks that make it hard to sell as a GREAT game, but for 5 bucks this has been totally worth it.Some of the quirks that are kind of annoying is that the dwarves seem to have some strange sense of priorities, or they go the totally wrong way, or they do one thing on one side then go all the way to the other side when the previous side had other things they can do. They don't prioritize targets to attack which really gets frustrating when defending turrets. Quirks and little annoyances. I don't have the DLC so maybe the DLC has improved on some of these. I guess I will have to get that at some point to see.But still, this game has been super fun and I've been on it for a week+ straight now...."
76561198080189147,Recommended,248390,11739514,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Sammy123456780,is fune
,Recommended,248390,25012555,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,KingAnthony of Penguin Kingdom,This game is very fun until you realize that the first level which you just sunk 10 hours into was just one of many worlds haha... Endless gameplay and can get a little repetitive after awhile but I have over 40 hours in it so far and still enjoy playing it with my sister in the same room playing it on her laptop and just casually talking and playing music while building up the crafting tree! I do reccommend since you can easily get 40 hours into it! Worth the money for anyone who loves sandbox strategy games with a good crafting system.
76561198087702294,Recommended,248390,13581522,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Latt Ice,"Really engrossing sandbox game! I can't remember anything I have enjoyed as much in years.At first I was put off by the cartoonish graphics but they are actually better than most of the competition in the same genre.The crafting system is extensive and, I believe, even more extensive than you get to see.Completing the first stage in campaign mode took me 40 hours, though I played it completionistly and could possibly have knocked as much as ten hours off of that.The second stage is markedly more difficult but you do get new recipes that you did not get in stage one.If you like crafting games like Wish, Wurm Online, Minecraft etc, then my bet is you will be loving this as much as I am.Rating?10/10 so far!"
,Recommended,248390,27329995,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mystz,Best dwarves game award.
76561197964216287,Recommended,248390,11422259,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Remo,Do it. This game keeps getting better.
76561198132313807,Recommended,248390,19916201,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Lieutenant Gamer,"nice game , hello developer pls continue 5th world  !!!"
,Not Recommended,248390,24360831,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Subarumi,"Not at all the game I imagined when I bought it.It seems like a higher graphic version of terraria at first but the gameplay is not as fluent or fun.It's awkward to switch between the caracters and the crafting/building is not as obvious as it should be, it's more of a chore to craft than a fun game experiance. It's tricky to get the characters to do what you want them to do.The grafics are nica and I like the soundtrack but it's not really what I hoped for."
,Recommended,248390,17252623,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Makadi,Better than I expected
76561198002054454,Recommended,248390,7756524,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,peak oil,it is so addictive
76561198152325969,Recommended,248390,23776563,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Dragonfriend38,Very fun game which tailors your style of gameplay and the looks of the game a really nice compared to todays more gruelling and dark art style
,Recommended,248390,17245113,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,FallenLothric,Fun good time waster.
76561198067322786,Recommended,248390,30654326,Posted: 21 March,all,Maegaranthelas,"There will be times where you want to rage about the stupidity of dwarves, but in every other way this is a marvellously entertaining game."
,Recommended,248390,13066898,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,BadAssJonesy,"If you're a fan of Dungeon Keeper, Terraria and Dwarf Fortress then this game is for you.I got this way back and forgot i even had it after i moved, but in the last week i have rediscovered this gem and have been losing sleep just to play....... It's really a fun game, i love the way you can build and defend and destroy everything, the crafting, and even take control of a specific dwarf.This said, the game has a few bugs here and there, but what game doesn't? I'm sure it'll be worked out eventually...they always are.I highly recommend this game to any and everyone. Lose yourself in this world .........and Craft your world the way you want to."
76561197983977864,Recommended,248390,12296175,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Perogi,"This game is like Terraria, except instead of controlling one guy you control an army of guys. Right now the game feels mostly finished and the core game mechanics work and are implemented well. There are a few problems with the game but there doesn't seem to be any reason these problems won't be addressed in the future."
,Recommended,248390,20122607,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,kev,This is a surprisingly enjoyable game and before you know it you will have many hours sunk into it of having your dwarves run around and do menial tasks.
76561197987170797,Not Recommended,248390,12187717,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Pawel,"After completing the first level, I decided to share my thoughts about the game.Lets start with the good:The world is fun to interact with. Instead of directly modifying it as in other games, you only indicate what needs to be done, and the dwarfs take care of the rest. It is fun to watch the clumsy dwarfs doing their job. Digging underground tunnels, building bridges, houses, and defensive walls. You need to explore the world to find needed resources. You start with cutting trees, but soon create long underground tunnels in search for rare minerals. You can help your dwarfs by equipping them with better tools, weapons and armor. From time to time, you get attacked by an army of skeletons and monsters. It creates the feeling of urgency, keeping you motivated to keep exploring and improving your defenses. One of your first tasks will be to build a shelter, a place where your dwarfs can replenish their energy, and defend against monsters. This 'world' part of the game is fantastic: 10/10.Lets continue with the bad:In order to progress in the game you will need to craft items. This is where the fun gets replaced by boring, and tiresome activity.In order to craft an item, you first have to display the crafting interface. This will show you a 3x3 grid where you have to place the components and click 'Craft' to finish. Each component needs to be individually placed in the grid, by dragging it from its location in the inventory. The inventory has a number of tabs, and an additional click is required to find the component.This tedious process brings absolutely nothing to the game. It is boring, interrupts the game flow (the game stops during crafting), and it feels more like work than play. It is extremely annoying when playing on the laptop with just a touchpad.A click-fest as another reviewer called it. I will call it a carpal-syndrome simulator. For example to craft a Bucket (a rather simple item) you need to click your mouse button 12 times (4 times drag-drop). And you will be doing it a lot. Every item in the game needs to be crafted, and in order to progress through the crafting tree, you will be even crafting items you don't need. The 'crafting' part of the game is simply not fun: 0/10.Unfortunately I can't recommend the game in the current state. Not with the boring drag-drop spreadsheet you will be forced to deal with half the time.  While still in the 'Early Access' state, the game has enormous potential, but I recommend waiting before buying it. Keep it in your wishlist instead."
76561198034241195,Recommended,248390,15977763,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,boydwazup,One of the best sandbox games that i have played lot to do and great job By the Developers on the updates and fixing everything  Awsome jobDefinatly a buy at any price the replay value is really high a and new stuff gets added
76561198070456211,Recommended,248390,13690473,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,cloakuas,"Двухмерная песочница и симулятор бога. Terraria и Dungeon Keeper в одной игре. Это как всеми любимые бесполезные песочницы, только теперь с целью и смыслом, причем не какой-нибудь очередной рпгшкой, а симулятором бога! Игры, которые делали годными только однажды!Чего ещё можно хотеть."
,Recommended,248390,8182541,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Eudae,"Playing this game makes me feel like I should be poking my screen with my hands. This game was clearly intended to be made for mobile platforms. The line about a mix between DK, Terraria, and Dwarf Fortress hooked me in. Wish there was a 10 minute post-installation refund window.To be fair, it is early access and my complaints are mainly UI/Control/Mechanic based so maybe that will change but I doubt it.Edit: After spending more time with it, I've changed my opinion to ""recommends"". The game UI is still largely inefficient but the game seems to have a decent amount of depth to it. I'd recommend waiting on this game until it becomes more fleshed out, unless there's a sale on it that you just can't pass up."
,Recommended,248390,7863448,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,BlueSteelAUS,"Great addictive game , a cross i'd say between towns and tareria. You tell your dwarves to harvest, equip, kill, collect, build in a 2d side on view of the world"
,Recommended,248390,19297294,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Alessondria,"Baby's first ""Dwarf Fortress""5/5"
76561197962062136,Recommended,248390,13073339,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,The Metal,"if you like playing a game and watching movies, this is for you! its a great game. can be slow at times but them throws somthing at you that can be a game changer lol. then you have to scramble to get your dwarfs to go were you need them. i bought this game long ago and all i can say is wow! the Devs have added so much into the game its crazy and now its done!  i hope they keep adding to the game, but if not. its still in a state that you can get your money out of it."
,Recommended,248390,17245308,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,The doctor is in,"loads of fun, highly addictiveand they are working on adding multiplayer!"
76561197996047642,Recommended,248390,8764773,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Tsukasa238,"Such a fun game, brings back fond memories of dungeon keeper, and has all but replaced minecraft in my games list. Can be hard to start out, depending on the generated map, but every game is different, leading to endless replayability"
,Recommended,248390,17433932,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Rizzano,"I've played this game since the early days and I keep coming back for more!  This game has it all! Crafting, Waves of Enemies, Tunneling, Building, you name it! Great game!"
,Not Recommended,248390,28998769,Posted: 3 January,all,Gorgalog The Danger Noodle,"While I have enjoyed the game I would not recomend it due to the following reasonsSpecialising your Dwarves by giving them skills and Skill enhancing items is pointless since Dwarves will try to do everything regardless of whether there is a Dwarf with a higher skill in that subject so you will end up with your logger doing the mining and your smither doing the loggingThe tech Tree is all over the place and getting certain types of tech takes too long since some Techs get completed quickly and others(especially deccorative tech) forces you to craft an ungodly ammount of junk that you might not be planning to useThe Dwaves AI frequently Breaks causing them to stand around doing nothing(even underwater causing them to die of drowning) or just walk back and forth on the spotgiving your Dwarves too many different types of things will cause your progress to slow dramatically as the Dwarf mining might suddenly decide to trade places with the Dwarf cutting down treesThe timer for when waves of enemies attack just makes it too easy to prepare for them and it is always the same ammount of time between waves, plus it just causes you to stop doing anything every once in a whilethe multiplayer might as well not exist all it is, is you send a single dwarf to a dungeon type thing and control him directly with other players dwarvesIt is painfully obvious the game was designed as a smartphone game and also released on PC, its possible to play the entire game useing only your mouse movement and left click"
76561198100618360,Not Recommended,248390,29025392,Posted: 4 January,all,Semen_di$PEnser_2006,"This looks nice n' fun for a couple hours.then you realise how broken the game actually is.the more Area you reveal the more stupid A.I (that controles the dwarves) becomes,I've lost 9 dwarves couze they couldn't find the way out of piramid.Other 3 just stand there didn't wanted to die nor go back to home.also i couldnt controle them for one bit, they where just standing there talking with each other.This is an example of how A.I can be.After this event i pulled the red dress, sat in box and started crying while i was pretending i was a tomato.I dare you that 90% of dwarves' death will be happening due bugs or A.I retardation.I hope that convinses you to not buy this game.P.S. I hope the devs of this S.H.I.T HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLE (insert turret girl meme) game die of cancer in a slow and panful death.Overall game rating: (insert pepe the frog meme here)"
76561198068742138,Recommended,248390,24313210,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,CobraPLCH,didn't play much so far but I just love this game. There is nothing better than planning your dungeon and then hitting some hard to kill nest.I recommend to anyone who likes sandbox games with option to co-op and PVP games
76561198310709192,Recommended,248390,24218302,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,DazeBlade,better than terraria :]
76561197994541583,Recommended,248390,9820315,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,mlawca,"A very good game so far and is quite polished for a game in Alpha. My only complaint, I bought it yesterday at full price :)"
,Not Recommended,248390,31237035,Posted: 19 April,all,Crono,You have to buy a dlc to play with friends.
76561197963714868,Not Recommended,248390,24244507,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,"Shiftless, two bit, jungle bum!",tech tree shouldn't restart on each level.
76561198024107355,Recommended,248390,12066711,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Purple ♫,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
,Recommended,248390,25693634,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,truthwarrior,I love this game. I spent hours on it. The DLC adds a few fun items (including women). It is a resource management building game. There is a little bit of combatPros•	Fun concept (Dwarves are awesome)•	Clever recipes•	Relevant achievements•	Multiplayer options without the game being only multiplayerCons•	Only complaint I have was that in the late stages of the game the AI has trouble navigating routes. I would tell the dwarves to go to a location and some would say there was no way there.
76561198096984868,Recommended,248390,31986006,Posted: 26 May,all,captainkuba,"it's good, except for the AI"
,Recommended,248390,9822191,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,I Am The LOL,"This game is worth every penny. I have over 200 games in my library, and this is the first one in a long time that I sat down and played for 7 hours straight."
76561198039270126,Recommended,248390,8372718,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Iceman,"Still in development but has alot of potential. Even in its current state, a pretty awesome game. Craft the World gives you a team of Dwarves, a couple of tools to get started, and unlimited potential. Build a huge castle or dig down as far as you can...  Or do both, all while unlocking increasingly advanced tecnology and defending yourself from huge yetis or devious goblins. Highly reccommended."
76561198136232046,Recommended,248390,11967082,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,GuineaPigGamer,the gae is great and all but there is a bug in the game and i cant craft a warehouse even when i have everything i need to make it. please fix this bug as fast as you can and thanks.
,Recommended,248390,28715261,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,WaffleHaus,Love it. I've put 8 hours into this game so far and I'm just now getting past steel. The monsters are currently wrecking me a bit but fear not! I shall push back these hordes once I obtain mithril.
76561198350674600,Recommended,248390,30660300,Posted: 21 March,all,Owenby1010,it is a very good game and i love it very much it keeps you going and alert i recomend anyone to get this game if they love crafting and building
76561198031148838,Not Recommended,248390,31383774,Posted: 26 April,all,Lexjedi,"it nice at the beginning,but beside the crafting part, the defend tower system is very dumb.hard to place properly your dwarf, tower or often useless or inefective.A lot of fun to reach the end of tech tree,after that... that is all.sorry about that"
,Recommended,248390,13024003,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,CPLWeeks,"Had this for ages now, and each release is better and better. Craft the World restored my faith in what a 2D side-scroller can be. Get it!!!"
76561197991501320,Recommended,248390,20215546,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Blank Stare,"The game is like Terraria but instead of doing it yourself you have Dwarven slaves! They can be a little slow but they try, they may be a little dumb at times but they learn.The game itself requires some learning and patience but it's worth the time spent learning. It's really a lot of fun, seriously. Most of the negative reviews are made from not learning the game."
,Recommended,248390,20236937,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Logicbomb,Great single player game that is a good mix of tower defense with some rts and rpg mechanics mixed in. It  is a hard game and has lots of depth even for more experienced gamers.  I have not played the multiplayer yet but I am very excited for it.
,Recommended,248390,29160534,Posted: 10 January,all,S¤larCl¤ud,"What an awesome Game!      I was concerned that Craft the World would be a clone of Minecraft or Terraria.   It's not!This has quite a bit of replayability, surprisingly!   The campaigne goal of Craft the world is to master the map.   The map does have a completion (you can choose not to complete yet to keep building/mining/exploring) where you can go to the next harder map and try to survive the elements again!Multiplayer.    The multiplayer is fun.   However...   It's not your traditional coop.  (Mixed Emotions included in this statement)   Instead of working together on your map,   coop involves teleporting to 1 of 4 Biome minimaps with a boss and a much shorter completion time.    You start on opposite sides of the map and work towards a comon goal.   There is also a PVP mode incase you want exploit your friends or a random person....   After the short Coop/Pvp map,  your back to your single player map with a reward from your coop/pvp experience.   It's a great help to the single player experience but not as easy to network with friends.   Did I mention you have to play each single player map a while just to unlock Multiplayer?Is the game worth it?    Very much so!  Buy it already.   Think of this as a 1 player game with some cool Multiplayer ""features"" that reward your 1 player mode.   Sure you can select a friend from steam friendlist or play a random person so it is infact a Multiplayer game.    Maybe in the future there will be Coop options avaiable?   Either way,  Craft the world is a very solid purchase."
76561198006830159,Recommended,248390,10746015,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,mr_frenzy,"More fun then it look on the pics :)  A nice and fun game that you will spend more time on then you think. The ""I will only play untill X happens"" in this game shows how fun it can be."
,Recommended,248390,26466894,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Shojun94,Super fun and intuitive game with decent soundtrack and graphics that can get really immersive! You may notice a few inspirations from Terraria but the game was very likely to be a trendsetter of its own ;D
76561198002874625,Recommended,248390,10730063,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Idlemind,"Fantastic early and mid-game gameplay mechanics.You don't directly control a character (although you can, and there are perks such as being able to access the stockpile remotely), in this game you direct and grow your group of dwarves by assigning tasks and then watching them being carried out.The AI is functional and gets the job done. Some of the decisions it makes will leave you scratching your head, like changing it's mind about who is doing what at the last second and returning your item to the stockpile but it's fairly rare.. there are numerous minor issues one would assume gets worked out during the Early Access.As it is Early Access the end game content or even really the ""goal"" other than to thrive is lacking. Once you complete the tech-tree there is little incentive to keep on playing. The campaign is pointless as you complete one world, only to move on to the next starting over completely in the tech tree. Hopefully the tech tree will span worlds and bosses will be added before the released version.Summon imps is my favourite spell in the game, a flock of flying imps will free up your dwarves from mundane gathering tasks by picking up items one at a time and flying them back to your stockipile, it's fun.If you like these kind of games you have to add this to your library."
76561198053422627,Recommended,248390,11610275,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Zaxtor99 ® YouTube,"This is a beautiful exploring, strategy, and adventure game that is honestly a ton of fun!  It's randomly generated worlds means that no two games will be the same.  You gather resources to try and craft weapons, armor, and a home.  You can build your home above, or below ground.  However, watch out for the night when the baddies come out, and also watch that timer that shows when the most dangerous baddies will invade you and try to destroy everything you've worked so hard to accumulate and build up!Watch my 1 hour+ video as I play and demonstrate this game my first time for a good idea of how it all works...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0vQDNhcSTZo"
,Recommended,248390,29042086,Posted: 5 January,all,<(ASR)>Dauthi,Neat little game. Fun to watch them go about their work and chat with eachother. You start to care wether they live or die. Are happy or hurt.
,Recommended,248390,26252666,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Mano,10/10 after 150 hour started to learn how to play :)
,Not Recommended,248390,31149334,Posted: 14 April,all,IHaveNoMercy,"All I can say is I had fun for the first week that I bought and played this, and then after that week, I began to really realize just how much was missing and how much I wanted, that was a year ago now, and nothing has changed, the AI is still atrocious, it was funny the first few times the dwarves did something stupid, Now I realize that this company has my money, and wont give me the Co-op im yearning for, until I give them more.Sorry, Wont be buying from this dev anymore."
,Recommended,248390,13129371,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Capt.Cliff,"Its kind of RTS survival: Resourcing, crafting, building, etc. Food consumption is a good little aspect so is keeping the Dwarves alive. The permanent death setting adds a bit more care & is recommended. Invading monster armies add interest & look good for a side scrolling game. Its 2D but by no means depreciated as its still visually impressive. Higher Dwarf population gets chalenging cus they do have a tendancy to wonder willy nilly after scattered resources & go somewhere least expected. They do like to waffle on which gets annoying when one just 'walks to talk' in the way of your doing something. Better control & selection of them is deffo required - maybe a command bar on the selected unit cus direct control of a Dwarf as its problems. Game crashes are common at the time of this review. However, its got great potential & is quite entertaining & can be addictive."
76561197962678832,Recommended,248390,17101671,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Naserve,"Very enjoyable game. Has a lot of hours in it, plus replayability, Devs seem to update it although its not as often as id like.I'd purchase it"
76561198023412575,Recommended,248390,7851359,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,kkdude,"EDIT: August 2014This game is still good and getting better. All three worlds are in and changes are still being made for the better. The graphics are being improved with every patch, and the game feels fulland complete, with each patch just being a cherry on top. With the way the game is now, you can probably get 25 or so hours in a single playthrough, but it is fun to do multiple playthroughs. Worth the money for sure.This game still has a lot of flaws, given that it is in alpha, but it is incredibly fun non the less. If this game or games in this genre interest you, pick it up while it is cheap, because it is worth it, and only going to get better with more patches. This really does feel like a complete game, just with a few problems, so If you are willing to put up with it (or get it cheap now and wait for more patches so you don't have to pay more when the game is fully released) get it. Worth all of the $15, and even more than that.Edit:In the two weeks since I bought this game nearly all of the issues I had with it have been fixed. Dekovir is great about fixing issues soon after they come up, and they are excellent at taking in advice/suggestions from the players. Great company and great game."
,Not Recommended,248390,32728558,Posted: 24 June,all,Dark Sky Empire,"Foolish game. I thought it would be an exciting game like Terraria. But this is really a foolish game.Let me explain to you why.I have a medium-term save game. I built a very large house and have all necessary tools. My level is 10. But...I have to delete the save and restart the game. Because I have dig a deep hole to defend enemy attack. It looks like this:The only entrance is on left side______________******************|My house---------<-This is a gap******************|============|============|--------------------------|         All workers============|--------------------------|=============================|-----Vertical cliff---------|==========|-Gap------------------------|============|-------Width: 3----------|============|--------------------------|============|--------------------------|============|-----Deep hole----------|============|--------------------------|I just want to repair the gap of house. But all my workers were fell into the hole. Now they were trapped at the right side of hole.They couldn't pass through the hole. Also they couldn't climb up the left side of hole. All the building materials were stored in the depot of house. Even I can't order them to make materials immediately, because they all carried a lot of items (fruits, weapons, zombie brains, etc). None of them can make a bridge over the hole.I spend much time on how to control those stupid workers. However, their stupid AI systems were more faster to do stupid things over my control."
76561198092677008,Recommended,248390,13644376,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,SGT.Muffin badger,addicting just put a recent 8hrs of gameplay. get it!
,Recommended,248390,28997880,Posted: 3 January,all,Mr.,"If you like games that involve crafting, dwarves, RPG, and monster slaying with a tower defence twiest then this game is for you. A large progressive tech tree plus lots of content such as lots of decor, spells, weapons, environment that makes the game very interesting and cool to play. Some management aspects of the game, dwarves do all the leg work and all you do is tell them what to craft, attack, and build. co-op is iffy but do not buy this game for that sole reason. This game is best played solo enjoying the ambience and transforming the environment to your needs and fighting hoards of monsters and completing objectives and building portals.This is a real gem and worthwhile game to sink some time in, I recommend you give it a shot."
76561198025503840,Not Recommended,248390,24172515,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Scala,"Game could be fun, but needs a lot of polishing. Visualy beautiful and good concept, but stupid AI and somehow badly designed tech progress killed game for me :("
76561198045576518,Not Recommended,248390,28164602,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,rjw,"Still full of bugs, such a shame"
76561198036238776,Not Recommended,248390,14078993,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,--,"Pros: good atmosphere, a variety of enemies and crafting.Cons: the AI is simply intolerable disgusting, your dwarves will always be blunt, stuck somewhere, die like idiots. During the battle with the most powerful monster in the game, a couple of gnomes just ignored him and started to cut the vines next to it (do it automatically), when you get tired with AI, you will encounter the second problem: what, in fact, to do? And there is nothing. No plot, all you have to do - just move up the scientific tree, then build a portal to a new world and all over again, with the passage of one of the world took me 16 hours, on the second I just got bored.It pains me to play it."
,Not Recommended,248390,32148486,Posted: 3 June,all,Sonullx Liu,"Hey, coders, can you make the dwarves being more stupid? Can you? Can you!?Please let them do their best to show us the limit of foolishness.Specifically, in routing, swimming, fighting, and scheduling,.Thank you."
,Not Recommended,248390,34095411,Posted: 7 August,all,aradapilot,"Starts out fun, but gets boring quickly, same gameplay rehashed over and over."
,Not Recommended,248390,34182658,Posted: 11 August,all,Luckishot,"I requested a refund after playing this game for 30 minutes. I definitely see the appeal, but there are a few dealbreakers for me.1 - The controls have not been changed to suit mouse and keyboard. This is very obviously a lazy port from touch controls.2 - Pathing AI for the dwarves is braindead.3 - The cheerful and atmospheric music stops when you open the crafting menu. I know this sounds like a nitpick, but it really takes you out of the experience."
76561197970916397,Not Recommended,248390,35023500,Posted: 17 September,all,SpaceFox,Well made and straight-forward to play but lacks originalilty and feels a bit repeititive. I'm sure plenty of people will enjoy it but just not for me.
76561198149272388,Recommended,248390,12533043,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,wierdwierdo999,"my game will not work, it goes into to fullscreen but stays black, the mouse becomes the game mouse for half a second then goes to normal, i am on the mac, but for the 45 minutes i got to play it it was fun"
76561198007287138,Recommended,248390,25527269,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,kurdt,"It's a decent game, which I definitely enjoyed a lot. Worlds are varied, with interesting additions, although gameplay is similar level to level (not necessarily a bad thing, just a remark). Still, I would enjoy more worlds. Any news on that? Any world expansion update or extra worlds DLC coming up?"
76561198040955960,Not Recommended,248390,14505391,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Nebulon-B_Frigate_FTW,"Entertaining for a while, but ultimately it becomes nothing but grinding to get to the next tech. Very little replay value, since the only variations are the worlds, which aren't all that different, and you still need to grind through the same tech tree over and over."
,Recommended,248390,14290431,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,xsmasher,"The best of the dwarf-lites. Digging, building, crafting."
,Not Recommended,248390,30798042,Posted: 28 March,all,DropBearGamer,Only one reason for not recomending this game. I think the devs are money hungry. Making multiplayer a DLC wtf.... i liked the game but i will not support dev's they put out a multiplayer as DLC when other games have this as option from the start and free... this is NOT OK.
,Recommended,248390,34643095,Posted: 31 August,all,Asriel Dreemurr,11/10 IGN Needs More Armor/weapons Tier's though like move onto the snow biome etc new ore can be found for new armor.
,Recommended,248390,17155955,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Broo,digital crack... can't stop playing... help!
76561197994134252,Recommended,248390,13020557,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Darzok,The game is a little buggy but it will not stop you puting in hour after hour loads of fun.
,Recommended,248390,13165001,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Sol,"I started playing this game on a Friday, when my bowels started screaming at me to empty the dragon it was Saturday. It's that level of addictiveness that makes this game super fun to play! If you like Drawfs and Construction and Minions, you'll like this."
76561198049765399,Recommended,248390,13019915,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,harald_oppedal,"Not been into this type of games before, this is a lovely game!"
76561198005215786,Not Recommended,248390,22372668,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,WollieG,"I supported this game from day one and enjoyed it UNTIL the multiplayer came. I do not mind the multiplayer but now its ALL about the multiplayer. All patches now is just for multiplayer, all new content is just for multiplayer, all multiplayer stuff is just for multiplayer and you cannot even go to any of those places if your in single player.So if your looking for this game for multiplayer, go ahead, but if your looking for it for single player, then you can forget it because the single players are forgotten, everything is just for the multiplayer and nothing anymore for the single players.Also AI still broken (you want something collected, well dwarf standing next to it will just stand there while dwarf on other side of map will come to collect it, i mean really!!!), there is still lots of other bugs in the game, so instead of them fixing this first they decided to bring in multiplayer and concentrate only on multiplayer.Its funny how us single players brought in the money but now we are forgotten.I do not recommend this game for single player because we get nothing now.Edit (2016-11-23) : I like what they did for Haloween but i wish they can get back to new content for the single player.Edit (2017-03-22) : Again a new DLC just for the Multiplayer and no new content for the single players. My review still stands because they have forgotten the single players.Oh and still buggy as hell, especially when you start going over 12 dwarves. Path finding issues, dwarves still dumb as hell. One next to resources will look at it and the one on the other side of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ planet will come to pick up that resource.This is from day 1 and still not fixed it and yet they bring new DLC for the multiplayers."
,Recommended,248390,31170843,Posted: 15 April,all,SlimNasty™,"I must admit this title probably wouldn't have been one I would have been looking for initially, but after seeing a fellow Twitch streamer playing it I decided to take a chance and purchase it.Strangely, although not my initial type of game I would play I find myself going back to it and even purchasing their recent DLC's because there is something satisfying in its gameplay.I find it very enjoying and relaxing to dig down further and further to the ever increasing depths to find the rarer minerals to gain access to stronger and better equipment for my growing population.This title seems to be on I go back to in order to relax between all the other titles I constantly produce material for via YouTube and Twitch, although that being said I have live streamed it also a few times."
76561198160802177,Not Recommended,248390,21518192,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,grobens,"THis game has some great potential, but I think it takes too long to beat any stage. Plus, the monsters get more difficult each time their portal opens and you cannot build defenses."
,Recommended,248390,8275000,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Kana,"I didn't expect much for the game, but i was surprised. Outside of a few bugs and pathfinding issues, it is pretty much a blast to play.  Great fun."
76561198131506589,Recommended,248390,10645908,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,alaskachild,Fun
,Recommended,248390,14332244,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Enuma Elish,"Great game, recommended."
76561198048245982,Not Recommended,248390,20141675,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,grindzilla,"This game has drag and drop, slow as balls, figgity as hell controls.  As another reviewer said, this screams MOBILE GAME.  But it's on PC.  If you like terraria, go play that, forget this exists until the developer decides to put real time and effort into making it an actual PC game.   The one thing i can say i liked was the graphics, they are nicely done.  The building system is just downright BAD, and needs a major over-haul.  Get rid of the minecraft crafting grid, it contributes NOTHING to the user experience to force people to drag and drop the items when i can't make more advanced items without the recipe anyway."
76561197986805342,Recommended,248390,25701898,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Durska,"Well everything is there.  Progression , survival , Building a Base. Buy it if you like that kinda games :-)"
,Recommended,248390,12811248,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,{Geekz}SpoopyMaxusthebeast,Ok this game has captivated me for about a month now. It has captured me with its awesome mechanics. I just enjoy watching my dwarves demolish a goblin camp or finding new underground items and structures. Combat is pretty good with all the weapons and the traps and defences. Crafting is a breeze and it makes me want to just craft every single thing I can until my invontory is full! So much fun. 10/10 MUST BUY IT PEOPLE!
,Not Recommended,248390,32530698,Posted: 18 June,all,RasserGG,"Dont buy - Way to many bugs, and the dev team dont fix em"
,Recommended,248390,12238540,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,loserchik67,This game is fun. Its a bit tedious but sometimes i like that in a game.
76561198054993391,Recommended,248390,23461206,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,schweebong,"No, you don't understand!  It's dwarves.  They mine and build stuff.Minecraft for the extraordinarily lazy.Worth every penny."
76561198039500884,Recommended,248390,9775161,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,FRICk,Even though this game is in Early Access it has Alot of Potential to be a Great game :D
,Recommended,248390,13103903,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,PinkFae,"Craft the World is a very fun and addicting simulation game. You start off the game with one dwarf, a storage location and a shop to buy things. There is also technology tree where you have to complete a number of items crafted to reach the next tier. You use your dwarf to locate the items required, which could be a plant, an animal or a mineral. When you start crafting you will gain experience points to reach the next level. At each new level you gain one new dwarf to help with your city.The game does have a day and night rotation. During the night zombies, skeletons and other foul beasts will show up in an attempt to destroy your creation. When you slay them you will get some experience points and they will drop some loot. There will also be goblins that try to move in randomly during the day.The interface is very easy to use. You can drag the items you crafted into a tool bar, click it again to select it and then place them on the map. The crafting is done by dragging items into one of nine boxes. Depending on what item you place in which box you'll create an item. This might seem cumbersome at first, but the first time you make a mistake and discover an item you don't have the instructions for, you'll be happy it was made that way.I played the game at an easy setting to get use to it and have some fun. There are ways to make it more challenging. I set it so that when a dwarf dies he later respawns, but you can set it so that it is a permanent death.If you are into simulaiton games where you get to build homes, this is the game for you."
76561197969416799,Recommended,248390,13122512,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Bad Bonk,"Absolutely engrossing. Nice balanace of gameplay, a little frustration with the slow speed of progression to start with while you learn how to play/progress, coupled with the rewarding experience of having to search out or make the updgrades you need to climb the tech tree.Well worth the price, I can't put it down at the moment."
,Recommended,248390,13175959,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Cytek,"entertaining..... just the right mix of strategy, building/crafting, and combat.  plus its fun to boot :)"
76561198032373589,Not Recommended,248390,28971877,Posted: 3 January,all,Alpha ☑  Beta ☒,A buggy and grinding mess of a tablet game
,Recommended,248390,25736115,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Mashawh,i made a castle!
,Recommended,248390,18255881,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Wallyrus,- Launched Game- cut a tree for 3 hours- built house-♥♥♥♥♥♥gets stolen from Green midgets- dwarves got killed tryin to kill green midgets.- threw mouse across the room- Bought a new mouse- repeat11/10 would throw♥♥♥♥♥♥again
,Not Recommended,248390,16609401,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Enoch Dagor,"While the game is pretty and interesting... it fails on some pretty important points.The tech tree is annoying... however, it is the ONLY reason to play the game. There is no story or over-arching goal here. Terraria had a goal and a little bit of a story. This does not.Next, pathing is abyssmal. Dwarves falling all over the place. Combat (dwarves fighting) is also very questionable. Again, however, there is ABSOLUTELY NO POINT.Enjoyable for a few hours of mindless fun. Then delete and install a better rendition."
,Not Recommended,248390,17586710,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,A Loner,"A short game, fun a the beginning but gets repetitive quite fast. Definitely not worth 18.99 dollars. Buy it when on sale. I got 30 hours out of it before it was to boring; I have it now running in background so it reaches 100 hours for the achievement. I recommend when on sale but not at full price."
76561197971576095,Recommended,248390,7856906,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,DjFreddyWahp,its hard but addictive message me for details of how hard it is and ill explain
,Recommended,248390,14345779,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,badnesso,"Fresh new game like mincraft on steroids with tower defense element, eploration and crafting"
76561198121550136,Recommended,248390,14340969,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,tnort09,Great game just wish there were more worlds
76561198037080732,Recommended,248390,16427643,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Gentleman,This is one of the best survival/crafting/building/2d games that i ever played. Just this. 10/10
76561198053769980,Recommended,248390,13837905,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,cender,love it
,Not Recommended,248390,13572248,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Leo3D,"The UX and pacing are alot like a tablet game.  If you are expecting a deep, challenging simulation with emergent gameplay, try something else."
76561198047668239,Recommended,248390,26309426,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,vagor_ari,"I have been waiting for a gme like this for ages, i love it"
,Recommended,248390,14405852,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,judgey,Look at the hours.lots of diggin.I think this game is good ya dig...cause i digged.
,Recommended,248390,14445226,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Abura,Fun game once you get the hang of it. It's a little confusing to start with and I do recommend everyone to follow the tutorial the first time around.Now I shall keep on crafting my world!
76561198002803911,Recommended,248390,14485437,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,[Qc] El Diablo ( +[   ]-:- ),love this game ! :)
76561198052212409,Not Recommended,248390,20145297,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,farmer.joe,"I wish I could get back my time spent with this game.The interface is absolutely horrible, the amount of micro managing needed is crazy considering how clumsy the UI is... the Dwarfs are just absolutely stupid..The idea behind the game is good, but the bad path finding just makes the game much more frustrating than enjoyable.Avoid for now unless you want to practice screaming at the scream ""stupid Dwarves""."
76561198041995379,Recommended,248390,22356329,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,gornal,Good game. Love playing it.
76561198008098477,Not Recommended,248390,28973545,Posted: 3 January,all,swankypants,"I would give this game 6 out of 10 points.It is nice if you want a peaceful crafting game.The singleplayer is good. There are different worlds to explore with different animals and hardships. The goal to complete the Portal on the other hand is rather boring. You have to max out the techtree every level if you are not going to play multiplayer games.The multiplayer without friends owning the game is nonsense. You need luck to get a player who is not going to cancel halfway in the game. If there would be a bonus for the remaining player it would not matter. Instead you try to achieve the goal of the multiplayer game, in the worst case sacrifice a dwarf and waste your time without getting an item."
,Not Recommended,248390,13471758,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Captain McBerry,"Whilst its a good well thought out game and insanely fun game to start off with. After 6 hours the game turns into a bit of a grind. The game has a tech tree where you unlock better items, which is great untill you have to make 40 pots of dye and master paintings to produce better armour. There is also a version where as time goes on you unlock recipes, however I rage quit after all my unarmoured dwarfs died dispite having the knowledge to make silver armour but not the ability as they didn't know how to make the bucket required for the forge."
,Not Recommended,248390,13487192,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Welsh Dragon,A fundamentally boring game.It feels like a pay to play with none of the pay to play micropayments. All you are doing is fiilling out research trees to get to build the final piece to end a level. Then you just do it again. All the fun of mincraft with none of the actual fun bits.Seriously all you are doing is getting materials to make more materials to unlock more materials. Very lame and not at all like Dungeon Keeper as many have suggested!
76561198067247392,Not Recommended,248390,16824457,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,madar2252,"The game is fun, if you are ok with the micro-management, and i liked the exploration and crafting aspect. I got a blackout on the computer during the middle of the first level, and my saved game completely erased. The previous days too. I had to begin again from the start.After a few days the game crashed at the end of the second level, and the saved game completely erased again, and the second level appear as locked, so i cant even restart the game from the second level, i have to start again from scratch. No.  I played for a few days, it was fun, but i am not goin to spend any more time with a game which randomly delete all of my progress."
76561198043089217,Not Recommended,248390,24101299,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,amh7912,"While I would love to enjoy this game, maybe I have a unique glitch but my men always die, and I can't make our home safe. I don't normally uninstall games with zero intention of ever going back, but my miners always die. Always. Imagine terraria but you couldn't make a house and zombies always attack you and you only have an axe. Also you can't jump away, and have no control."
,Recommended,248390,24732483,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,MischievousBadger,dwarf fortress  with nice graphics
,Recommended,248390,13094754,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,mztzs,"First hoursGraphics style, sounds and overall feeling is very nice. Early game certainly was *very* enjoyable. Although few bugs here and there were a bit worrying, overall the game is very polished. After few hours I thought that I had seen the game and started thinking that the travel distances etc. would start breaking up the experience, but I'm still happily playing :) (Even at that point I felt that I got my moneys worth.)I don't particulary like the way the game forces player to advance through the tech tree and I still don't (after hefty amount of hours) understand how certain things (like the confort level) affects anything. I was also a bit dissappointed when I realized how little meaning there is to expand your structures from caves up from ground level.In the end this is very well rounded up game and I would certainly recommend it!+20 hours laterPlayed through the first world... Game wraps up itself nicely! There are (just) enough objectives beyond the basic resource management and fortress building to keep you interested, although I needed to push myself a tiny bit from the early game to keep playing, it was worth it. Now I'm eager to try more difficult setups."
,Recommended,248390,24233146,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Placeable,Great fun game and Devs keeps adding new features and content to it even long after release.
76561198049253111,Recommended,248390,24240677,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,dustlilac,Awesome game!  With all the updates it has become even more enjoyable.  Any chance the updates can also make it to the mobile version?
76561198035366155,Not Recommended,248390,17252701,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,ScorpionWasp,"*This is a casual game with no loss condition. The only theoretical threat comes from night-time hordes of monsters, but that's a farce. Assuming they successfully breach your defenses, they just stand there in the main hall, waiting for morning to come (at which time they burn to ashes like vampires), while all your critically injured dwarves sleep and heal somewhere else.*The crafting system for Craft The World is a textbook example of a developer ripping a system off from another game without actually understanding its point. In Minecraft, you get a 9 square grid where you can place ingredients because you are meant to actually guess and experiment with recipes. In Craft the World, the recipes are *given to you* as you advance down a tech tree, but the game still expects you to laboriously drag ingredient by ingredient to the grid every time you want to craft something. Why can't I just select the item and quantity I want and be done about it???*Most techs range from mildly useful to entirely cosmetical, but you are still required to craft several items from each to unlock the next, which results in a lumbering grind.*There are no female dwarves and population does not increase the way... one would expect. Instead, new dwarves magically teleport in when you reach tech tree milestones. There's no demographical simulation at all; this ain't no Dwarf Fortress.*You have to manually reposition all traps after every night-time invasion attempt by the undead horde. But as I said, you might not even bother, as nothing of consequence actually happens if they get through.*The sound effects are exaggerated, repetitive and get on your nerves. From non-stop loud snoring to the cheesiest battlecries, your ears don't get 10 seconds of respite."
,Recommended,248390,9819701,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Boilin' Toilet,Great game. is good and is current stage and can only get better
76561198008141314,Recommended,248390,27828837,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Nyarlathotep,"I nominate this game for a ""horrible AI"" award. Otherwise a rather fun game is pretty much killed by the stupidity of your dwarfs.But you can teleport them right into a lava pool to end their suffering, so all is forgiven... I guess."
76561198007078407,Recommended,248390,26336598,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Daburn,Fun to play dwarf colony sim for casual players or just relaxing playtime. Can only recommend it! :)
,Not Recommended,248390,30905160,Posted: 2 April,all,FireDogy,"It is a great game, but the dwarven AI sucks so much that it completely ruins the experience...-Even after 4 years the devs haven't managed to fix the AI..."
76561198007198622,Not Recommended,248390,30758427,Posted: 26 March,all,DavidZ,It has a bug to stop finish the level 1 in windows 10.Need fix bug or not play any more.It was fun................
76561198002095876,Recommended,248390,12291403,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Vondur,"There is something about this games that makes you go to sleep way too late, ignore other aspects of real life like hygene and family. Addiction factor is quite high. You have been warned."
76561198054059649,Recommended,248390,17949520,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,bluemime86,"Very awesome game. Very Challenging. But it seems to be taking a long time to get the first world done since the game is very tricky. It has better graphics than terraria. However, i dont like some of the bugs in this game and i hope they get fixed"
76561198051194199,Recommended,248390,13088455,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,koudy,"It is really complex game, do not make your self get fooled by graphics. (as I did for the first time I saw the video of this game)This game will take you some time to get grip on it. - building first shelter will take you some figuring.And then it will take you all the time, because it is always ""I'll only dig this vein of iron"" and then after 3 hours you end up crafting some REALLY necessary equipment for all of your dwarfs, because you get some kind of emotion for those little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.If you take time to learn how the game works it will provide you with LOT of fun.If you liked settlers (loved those - have not played much terraria or minecraft, so do not want to compare to those) you might like this one too."
76561198056283836,Recommended,248390,13086660,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,los tiburon,"its almost easy to overlook this game to be just another crafting game thats been released since the majority of children got a stiffy for minecraft. but damn, this is one hell of a game. a lot of effort went into it, definately worth the purchase"
76561198048587507,Recommended,248390,13094802,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,beekeepers,"Ok this is my first review out about 75 games. So you will know right off the bat this is a game to download and play.Yes it's 2D but it's avery fun 2D game. Give it a try, it's worth your time and money."
,Recommended,248390,13089808,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Kιɴɢ Crow,"Craft the world was a fun game to start playing, the way the game is structed makes you want to play for hours!"
76561197971737234,Recommended,248390,13100821,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,IndiNova,"Lots of fun to be had with this game, and with the 2x speed makes it much easier to play longer termI did initally find the upgrade path was quite slow once you had reached the iron stage, but progression is still good and engagingWould recommend if you have some time to burn playing this"
,Recommended,248390,13103020,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Grismar,"Defintely a fun game with some familiar and some new mechanics. The level of advancement and discovery is a lot of fun in the first 30-60 minutes, but after that it starts to taper off until it has slowed to a crawl. The later game feels too much like a grind. I found myself starting new games over and over, but actually finishing a level just doesn't feel like a lot of fun.For now, it's nice in the bargain bin. If the devs fix the later game, it could be a real winner."
76561198100882147,Recommended,248390,14879463,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Petrenko,Worth buying.
,Recommended,248390,26601330,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Riggedi,"Within first week I played 100hours, yes, in 7 days.Dwarfs are stupid, command dwarf to go here, he goes other way. Command dwarf to dig right next to him, no he/she waits another dwarf who's furthest away. Need to pick up the dirt you just mined? Nope, you'll have to wait another dwarf from another side of the map to come pick it up. Craft new table, dwarf is standing next to workbench, nope, wont craft. Someone from other side of the map will come and craft. Dwarf is hungry? You would think he/she would go to eat, nope, command dwarf to eat and... WHEE! IT WILL EAT!If these kinda little things doesnt bug you, this game is amazing. Craft craft, dig tunnels, explore, gather minerals, craft weapons and armors. I absolutely enjoyed this game, still do, you can always start custom map with nightmare difficulty which actually is pretty hard but doable!What this game needs more is new levels and maps!9.5/10!"
76561198018100054,Recommended,248390,26243773,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,dizzy99,"Fun game, played for 85 hours.  Have not played for awhile, but still bought the DLC cause I will come back to it."
76561198013882931,Not Recommended,248390,25859359,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Cosmic Cake,"Cons:- Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥are the dwarfes dumb, is it intended for me to have to micromanage every dwarf with spells to make sure that they dont die or starve themselves? the pathfinding of these dwarves is ridiculously basic..- Not at all like terraria- no challenge- no chill gameplay- not funPros:- It looks like Terraria- looks like a mix of Towns and Terraria...My thoughts on this game:1st play through: pretty fun, messed up and restarted2nd play through: omg i have to grind to unlock everything again...3rd play through: ♥♥♥♥ this meng ill just play sandbox insteadSandbox mode: I have to grind digging dirt to unlock the♥♥♥♥♥♥i need... cool cool... I spend a couple of hours doing repetetive♥♥♥♥♥♥and at this point it feels like thats all this game intended to be.. a huge waste of time for kids..I dont know, it felt like this game couldve been something way better than what it is. This game is meant to be played by 7 year olds... why am I wasting my time on this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198064373133,Recommended,248390,8279349,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Ysthrall,"I can heartily reccomend this game as a bouncy and detailed building/simulation/exploration game. The pace is not very fast, but there's always something to do. This is the sort of game that you'll find yourself playing for another 5 minutes, until that is built. And that area is explored. And those are killed by your screaming little beardies. And so on, for hours... :)There's a nice variation of climatic factors that does have an impact, but not an unbalancing one on the game. The crafting and spellcasting system is intuitive and simple, as is the scaling up of equipment and weaponry. Fighting and hunting and holding off the nicely balanced waves of monsters makes for an additional dimension, although after a time it's possible to have so many traps and Tesla towers (where did they get those?) that the dwarves can just sit on the roof drinking beer while another wave of monsters dies in the traps and cages and lightning.There's quite a lot of surprises hidden around the maps, which are lush with wonderful backgrounds as well. It's a game with a massive amount of replayability, with a lot of things to poke (and some things, crawling in the depths, that don't like being poked).I look forwards to the full version of the game and the rest of the campaign."
76561198152385745,Not Recommended,248390,21595967,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Meepfoxy55 The Nope Pirate,I liked the game i had a lot of fun but after acactly 77 miutes it crashed and i turned it back on but it didnt work and it has been a very long time about a year and it hasent worked
76561197997929555,Not Recommended,248390,21350182,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,bluelang,"I don't understand the hype for this game. It is cute but the mechanics and UI make it unplayable. I get that it's designed to play nice on mobile, but for a PC game it's just a melange of other people's ideas smashed together with no thought put into the mid and late-game play."
76561198400077319,Recommended,248390,34735097,Posted: 4 September,all,walles,Very good game
76561198090837353,Not Recommended,248390,19219772,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Wolffs,Give AI an easy get away portal. And it wont use it.. Stupid AI
76561197998270530,Recommended,248390,8221406,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,frilled neck,Tis fun
,Recommended,248390,14600970,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,MoxiFox,"It starts a little slow, but quickly becomes addictive. I love this game."
76561198123313825,Recommended,248390,19991122,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,patrickrumble739,Awesome???
76561198134717697,Recommended,248390,20123400,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,The Glory In The Grey,This game is very cool I love it I play it when I am bord and when I feel like building stuff. There are some things I wish would be change but its still fun to play.
76561198034550168,Recommended,248390,10198959,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,CHilger,"I am so addicted to this game, it's not even funny. I just ""beat"" the game in sandbox mode - assembled the broken portal - and VOILA! There's an update that changes the look and feel of the whole game! BAM! Thank you! I am so excited to play again! And on a different terrain this time! Maybe campaign? Who knows? But I love the look and feel of this game. It's a little slower paced than some of the other dwarf/gnome/halfling/etc. sandbox builder game, but you have less people, too. You need to plan out your building strategy a little - no selecting large areas and sitting back to let them go. You will have quite the wait. And make sure you have a portal spell ready or you will be wondering why your force seems to dwindle as they get stuck down below mining with a huge long trek back. The AI is a little funky, but you can work around it without much difficulty. And the dwarves climb the walls!!! Yay! It can be hazardous if they fall, but it means they get stuck less often due to lack of ladders or scaffolding. I like the animations - the workshops and such when they are being used. All-in-all, I'm looking forward to each update and am very impressed with how well the devs listen to the players. Now, back to the game.... ;-)"
76561198080263894,Recommended,248390,16128110,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Daborgon,worth
,Recommended,248390,14217207,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Herger Joyous,I haven't gotten too far into this game yet so far it's pretty cool. Once I get some sit down time i'll put a little more effort i'm getting smoked.
,Recommended,248390,15692266,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Druinthor,Amazing game
76561198031985186,Recommended,248390,15719314,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,quertas,Fun and short
76561198018408474,Not Recommended,248390,13604186,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Josep,"Whimsical. Initially it was interesting (figuring out the system, telling the dwarves where to defend / explore / dig). Overall, however, the game doesn't scale well. It is fun at first, but after getting a sense for how to play, there aren't many choices or challenges.Limited materials make construction of many of the objects incredibly difficult.Dwarf AI is pretty stupid -- they don't get in mine carts, dropping objects down deep shafts, prioritizing distance objects, poorly engaging creatures, making long trips just to deliver one torch, etc. It could be managed...it just isn't fun to manage.Crafting system is slow -- the constant moving of objects to craft something new gets old. (And yes, this is using the ""quick craft"" system.)It is hard to manage once the tunnel system gets large. Mine carts just don't work well enough to make a smoothly flowing system -- even if you have enough iron to make that much track.Some of the above can be fixed by using the 2x game speed...but there still aren't that many choices to be made."
,Recommended,248390,12277950,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,WhiteRaven417,"I played this game to avoid the MineCraft and Terraria mechanics~ If you want something a little simpler with some real objectives and a day to day play for 30 minutes brainless fun, then definitely play Craft the world, you'll get at least 40 hours of solid play and it's fun to craft your own world."
76561198046135038,Recommended,248390,12288485,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Firespawn999,"This is one of those game that looks great, peeks your interrest so you give it a try and it delivers. Highly recommend it if you like to command an army of dwarfs to do your bidding!!!"
76561198009718521,Recommended,248390,12296527,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,electrobloody2006,this game is so  addictive
,Recommended,248390,12156271,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,omer72,This has to be one of the best early access games I have ever played. It was a little frustrating at first until I figured it out. Way fun totally recommend this game.
76561198271396785,Recommended,248390,20836544,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,kittykat23,"I really enjoy playing this Game! Was uncertain at first, but it grew on me quickly."
76561198046237106,Recommended,248390,20817572,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Nova_Ka-Ru,Awesome addictive game! Hours of fun!
,Recommended,248390,20826349,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Ogny8791,A nice game that can quickly become addicting!
76561198041459627,Recommended,248390,20833611,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Etienne,"Well, I could try to tell you how much I enjoy that game. I could try. But I think you should just have a look at how much time I spent playing it. This is THE Steam game I played the most, and it is really worth it."
76561197971914441,Recommended,248390,20795242,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,drakiel,"I'm done.I have over 300 hours in this game, so it's evident that I really enjoy playing it.The thing that's making me walk away is the fact that I can have over 80 hours into a level and my system will blue screen and my entire save is gone, done, kaput.  This has happened three times now, and I can't bring myself to attempt to play this game again after investing 40+ hours into a level only to have it completely wipe because of a bug.Great game, tons of fun.  Frustrating as !@#$ when you lose your progress."
,Not Recommended,248390,16523480,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Whinelikebears,"Meh. It's okay, I guess. It's got dwarves in it, so that's cool. Gets very repetitive after you finish the tech tree. Would only recommend to people who likes games such as Dwarf Fortress."
76561198241053418,Recommended,248390,23818211,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Prime,The game is good but you will boring atfer that
,Recommended,248390,23808756,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Archanx,Its fun
76561198163483608,Not Recommended,248390,23897544,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Onture,The game has constant bugs in the sound randomly cutting out. The dwarf AI keeps getting confused.
,Recommended,248390,17304046,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Cynder Fox,"The game's pretty fun, I recommend watching a tutorial though. It isn't an easy or simple game at first a lot of mistakes were made from my part and lack of knowledge of this game overall it's worth every penny, and if you can get it while it's on sale then more power to you good luck on further endeavours if you purchase this fantastic game!"
,Recommended,248390,22843210,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,COMRADE,I have lost hours of mylife playing this game it is simple but excellent.
76561198038684389,Recommended,248390,24393757,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,ArchangelS117,Dwarves digging diggy diggy holes. 5/7 with rice.
76561198130704004,Recommended,248390,17998240,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,the nightmaire,thesg
,Recommended,248390,31886357,Posted: 21 May,all,m0s,+ Easy to learn+ Quite fun to play- Clunky UI for crafting- Bad dwarf AI- Progression is too slow- Levels are too long
,Recommended,248390,20771432,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,carrotcake94,"Addictive! Reached beyond my expectations.It's a really fun game and it's even better with multiplayer finally coming together.Multiplayer games have so much potential, and add a new dimension into this world :3"
76561198187305686,Recommended,248390,19867132,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Kel'Thuzad,Very good game
,Recommended,248390,19916660,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Razer | krug_ST,Great game!
76561198056914826,Recommended,248390,13435816,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,smg_bear,"I find it very fun, but I don't like that I cannot start on a world that I have already unlocked.  It is either start from world 1 or play some random world.  The little guys are funny when they start attacking."
,Recommended,248390,13558651,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,K!netic,"tl;dr Buy it, you'll have fun. But don't expect to love it forever.Let's cut to it - it's not as interactive as it looks. You set commands (""cut down that tree"", ""mine that shaft"", ""place that item"", ""gather water"", ""plant wheat here"", etc) on blocks. The dwarves then decide which tasks they want to do, and when. Each dwarf can only do one task at a time, and you don't get to control the priority of tasks (though combat orders always seem to be the most important). This means that if you wind up setting up orders for a new tunnel, a logging operation, planting a new crop, and building the house, the dwarves will do it in whatever order they want. You can't decide the order. One of your dozen dwarves (it's hard to get more than 12 dwarves) will get around to it eventually.And for much of the game, that's fine, and you won't complain. But as others have noted, endgame it becomes a chore. Dwarves need to input/output items into the central (immovable) stockpile for practically every task, and they wind up traversing huge distances to do so. This becomes a huge bottleneck, and wastes obscene amounts of time. You'd think that one dwarf could cut a tunnel while others removed the stone behind him; but nope. One dwarf cuts as much stone as he can hold, then makes a full trip back to home to drop it off, then comes back. If you order a dwarf to patch a hole in the wall with dirt, dwarves that are currently HOLDING DIRT will just pass right by the wall, and one specific dwarf will grab dirt from the stockpile, then patch the wall with it.This is especially stupid because you can't move stockpiles, nor can you create stockpiles for a *very long time*. If you're playing tech tree mode, it's literally the second-to-last thing you unlock (~12ish hours of gameplay). If you're playing sandbox, it's all luck which things you unlock, but you still won't have the ability to build a stockpile for many hours - if you get it at all.There's the option to use railroads, but they're expensive (they take a lot of iron to traverse a Large map), and like stockpiles, aren't unlocked until late in the game.The fix for this is to use portals. You drop a portal from your stockpile to wherever you want your dwarves to work, it drastically shortens the trip time, and they prefer tasks near the portal. But that's a terrible solution, in my mind. It shortcuts the whole idea of ""building"" and having good task scheduling, and instead makes it so that you micromanage portals instead of dwarves.Ultimately, it's fun for a good amount of hours. But it doesn't increase in depth or complexity, and becomes a grind to unlock things that you don't even want by the time you get them."
,Recommended,248390,13269236,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,TheSilverHammer,"This is an OK game. It is not great, but it might amuse you for a little while.  Its probabbly best bought on sale.The Good:It is a crafting / exploration game.  There are far to few of these.  It has a wide tech-tree with lots of objects and stuff to build.  The world generation is decent too although there isn't enough coal in the small worlds.  I had to buy a lot from a vendor.  If you are really into making an asthetically nice dwarf city, you might get more milage out of the decoration options.The bad:The UI can use some work and it is a little annoying.  You can't see recipies in creative mode.  It would be nice to have this option.  Once you complete a world there isn't much point in doing another one.  You will face the exact same challenges all over again.  There is no real difference in gameplay.  This game could certainly use a lot of mods to make it far more interesting.Mana:  You mana refiels 1 point every 3 minutes or fully when you levelup. This is a terrible design.  The most useful spell, one you start with, opens a portal between your stockpile and some other point.  You can easily drain your mana with this and as you get higher level, it takes much longer to levelup and refil the mana.  There are these large invasions that happen every 45 minutes. I think your mana should refil after these instead of the 1 point per 3 minutes.  There are mana potions, but they take a lot of resources to make and give very little mana.The Ugly:The tech tree is horribly laid out.  It forces you to crank out a bunch of useless stuff in order to progress  and there isn't a logical connection between most items.  For example: You need to learn advanced decorating before you can learn advanced armors.  The tree is full of stuff like this.  Just re-arranging the tech tree could go a long way to improving this game.  You know: If it went with Basic wood working -> Adanced Wood working -> Expert wood working, etc... it would make much more sense.Then there are the skills your dwarves can use.  Some skills go up like crazy, such as cooking.  Others, such as magery, I think I gained 3 points in one dwarf the entire game.  Then some things that do not seem to have skills, like alchemy.  Making potions is slow, and a dwarf after making like 80 of them didn't gain any kind of skills and was just as slow as before.Finally, there isn't much of a challenge in this game.  You just fight the occasionaly wave of undead which ceases to be a problem once you get decent armor and weapons.  It seems that spike barraceds are the best answer for defense.  The towers in the game, arrow and tesla, seem very weak.  Twoard the end, it was a dull experience."
,Recommended,248390,13419773,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,snobeee,"This game is pretty addictive for quite a few hours, and I certianly feel I got my moneys worth.I agree with those complaining about the pathfinding bugs, though I still find the game fun and would recommend it to anyone who likes this kind of genre.  Definitely buy it!"
76561198027102239,Recommended,248390,13455246,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,semomail,I love all these little dwarves. But i want to rename them. Please update this.
76561198025185172,Recommended,248390,13511486,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Cabber,"I just have to say I love this game. I am somewhat of an oldster and I have not found a game that I really look forward to playing in a long time. The combination of exlporation, combat, and building are perfect. The interface is good, even better on the iOS version using touch screeen. The Dwarves' intelligence could use a little boost now and then but that is certainly not a detracting factor. I hope the developers continue to update it with new features and items. It has so much potential for expansion. I would be willing to pay for major upgrades or DLC. Keep"
76561198129177671,Recommended,248390,13372392,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,geo.1990,"Totally addictive, though it's frustrating at times. The AIs aren't all that bright and they'll get themselves into really stupid situations sometimes. But overall I find it to be thoroughly entertaining. Started playing at 9:00 this morning and I only just stopped at 5:45. XD"
76561198013622319,Recommended,248390,13434047,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,ishKiia,"This game is like an addictive drug.  I got it because a friend of mine wanted me to try it.  Sometimes you do things for friends that you wouldn't normally do.  Well, let me tell ya... one of the best games I've played in a very long time that I can see is like one of those games like Age of Mythology or something like that that I will play for years and keep coming back to.  It's by no means like age of empires or mythology at all but it has that deep content and addiction level. LOLI thought I might even be done with it by the time I finished the first campaign.. which was quite a bit of time... which is nice. But then the second level brought on a whole new set of challenges even though the goals were the same.  Different terrain made certain items that you needed ultra rare or relying un underground spawns, etc. and with a more difficult set of mobs and behaviors it made surviving a huge challenge."
,Recommended,248390,13518578,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,kvakvs,"Awesome and breathtaking game for all sandbox game-style lovers. Played all night, and would do it again. Some minor things miss tutorials and have to be discovered, but after you got it, there's no way you can stop playing and go to bed."
76561197993930034,Recommended,248390,13555704,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Draxa,"Overall so far I really like the game, it can take a bit of time to get into. I hope they have plans to expand beyond the current version. More world types, mixed modes maybe even a much much much larger world. It has a few nuances with game play (mostly towards how you really want to play the game) and it could definately use a good tutorial."
,Recommended,248390,13566097,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Kozlic,"This game is pretty awesome.It crashes sometimes on Mac when a scheduled task becomes unavailable but other than that it runs smoothly.There's always a lot to do in this game and that keeps it fun. It's not as repetitive as it might seem.You basically have slaves and order them around to do whatever you want them to.And then you get the occasional monster attack which is fended off pretty easily on level one.It's abotu getting better armor, weapons and furniture basically.One thing I'd change is to not be required to build so much useless stuff just to get to the goodies at the end of the tech tree. Maybe implement research (have dwarves sit in a library and read?) to unlock new stuff instead of building it."
,Recommended,248390,13193119,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Connery's Swarthy Crotch,"This game is super fun, it combines Terarria with a command system."
,Recommended,248390,13211017,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,SyNpRiX (Riddle E-Sport),love the game but miss the autocraft hate that i have to place the ingredianse all the time
76561198024393621,Recommended,248390,13226426,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,esinohio,"Had a blast playing this game after a friend recommended it to me.  Honestly hadn't given this type of game a fair try in the past but I'm so glad I did with this one.  It turned out to be one of the rare games that I just plain got lost in playing.    From the artwork to the gameplay this one appears to be a gem.   Check out some of the ""Lets Play"" videos on Youtube and I'm sure you'll be adding this one to your collection in no time.Fun!!"
,Recommended,248390,13259429,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Filthy Laurie,"Ever sat down at your computer and had the overwhelming urge to micromanage nomadic dwarves into a powerful, sophisticated Gimly-esque beings? I think we can safely assume EVERYONE has had this yearning at least once in their adult life. Like rain to a desert, nay, like a backscratcher to a rashy bottom finally a game to sait our buring desire.Seriously though. This dwarven ant-farm is the perfect screen saver to have running while you study, work or do house chores. Just come back to build, reselect resources to gather and defend your keep against the various undead that swarm periodically. Each dwarf is complete with his own name and randomly selected skill. It is hard not to get attached to these bearded tomagochis.I have and will continue to recommend this game to anyone that looks NEAR my direction."
,Recommended,248390,13275783,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Eli_samurai26,"This game leaves a bitter-sweet singe in the retinas.  It's colorful, cartoony, and inviting with a dash of mood via the lighting system.  I was drawn into the game, wanting to play more, build bigger, and it seems like the AI or UI or something always breaks down as the game progresses.  Dwarves stop doing work or areas clearly accessible are marked as inaccessible, unless you manually guide the dwarf to the spot and click on it yourself--the dwarf happily goes to work as if nothing was amiss.  With 7 dwarves in service, I had no desire to manually walk a dwarf all over trying to accomplish tasks that were handled by command earlier in the game.""Craft the World"" is a fun, engaging game with plenty to do and incentive to keep playing more, but the wonky AI or whatever causes the workflow to disintegrate deflates the entire experience.  Just when things heat up, it gets harder to manage for some reason.I'd recommend being cautious about this game.  It could just be my experience or flawed perception, but the AI automation / pathfinding and such seemed eccentric, at best."
,Recommended,248390,13445058,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Sinedia,"Terraria meets Dwarf Fortress, just like the description says... and if you like either one of them, this is a must!"
76561198052274137,Recommended,248390,13449557,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,michaeljhayden,"I think this game is worth the money and is fun to play, it might not be for everyone but if you enjoy crafting games and base building games then you will get your fix here."
,Recommended,248390,13504845,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Sentagur,A bit hard to get into in the beggining but madly addicting once up and running.
76561198138564405,Recommended,248390,13508196,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,RexRedd,It is some thing to play
76561198011239749,Recommended,248390,13582620,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Oddgit,Unexpect Gem.
76561198019166029,Recommended,248390,13346120,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,aeristerra,"At first the game takes a little while to learn, but once you get the swing of it Craft the World can be really fun.  The different modes allow you to either take a guided tour of how things work or set out on your own to see what you can do.  Highly recommended. The only critique I have is sometimes my craft level doesn't match the gear of enemy waves and it gets me wiped out."
76561198090055593,Recommended,248390,13531743,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,hehe eksdyy,+i like this game its fun and creative with nice graphickBUT-i really hate the logic of dwarfs -_- it hurts so much and badly that's it's incredible! and sometimes it take so long to understand them what to do
76561198033385256,Recommended,248390,13565031,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Shoompa,Needs ai work and some streamlineing but for the most part is quite good.
76561197972721776,Recommended,248390,13421192,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,goddling,"At the start of this games build it was crazy to get the dwarves to do what you wanted.Now everything is so much better, still feel some thing can be improved.No official mod support, though people have made some.Hope they keep it going and if they are low on funding make some dlc maybe a game asset editor."
,Recommended,248390,13425657,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Sirylcat,"There are some terrible problems but otherwise, a good game.Unfortunately, those problems can irritate some impatient gamers, like very poor AI, pathfinding issues, and lack of job priority decisions. Routine undead invasion and random goblin rampage are not enough for a good game events. There should be more events to entertain players.But still it's quite enjoyable anyway."
76561198021823534,Recommended,248390,13214556,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Putin vova,a great mix of dungeon-keeper vs terarria
76561198059999466,Recommended,248390,13264165,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Nibblet,The Game Is Very Good
,Recommended,248390,13201578,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Lifebringr,One of my favourite games of all times. Extremely simple learning curve but... it gets really addictive lol
76561198050694361,Recommended,248390,13222212,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Kung Kaktus,"It has a pretty steep learning curve, but for anyone who are familiar with minecraft or simply knows how to google, strap yourselves in!This game catches you from the first moment and does not let you go until the outer world comes knocking. It is great!"
76561198042391333,Recommended,248390,13227247,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,boshie,"Really great game. Reminiscent of other crafting/resource gathering games such as Dwarf Fortress and Terraria. It took me 27 hours to complete the first world of the campaign - maybe I don't dwarf so good. Having a lot of fun. There are some pathing issues, and minor bugs (such as dwarfs getting stuck at the top of a ladder for a few seconds), but nothing game breaking."
76561198161063745,Recommended,248390,13263252,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,tarendt98,A very fun and light hearted game. It's very appealing to have a colony that you have control over. The crafting system is the icing on the cake. It's a good game.
,Recommended,248390,13347030,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,I TJF I,Surprisingly addictive. Challenging without being overly frustrating.
76561198031119375,Recommended,248390,13186022,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Jayt,"I'm usually very iffy when it comes to crafting games but this one blew me away. Instead of being a single person digging holes and exploring, you start out with one dwarf who carries out simple tasks like chopping down trees, collecting food, mining, etc. You get more dwarves as the game progresses and you level up. You gain experience from every little action you take but the majority of it will come from fighting. Every night, monsters come out and will try to kill off your dwarves. It's usually not very threatening but there's a constant countdown for a huge wave of monsters that gets bigger and more dangerous as time progresses so you have to make sure you're working towards better gear and shelter fast enough to survive. This is where the tower defense mechanic comes into play. You can build traps and other obstacles to either thin out the herd or slow them down while your dwarves attack from safety. You win by exploring the depths of the land and fighting the ""bosses"" for portal keys. Once you've collected the portal keys, you can complete the level at your leisure.Other than the story missions, you can also set up custom games and that's pretty much all I do now. You choose the size of the map, the weather frequency, the difficulty, and the biome. You can choose from either a forest, snow, or desert area and each one plays radically different. The forest is the easiest one with lots of trees and other vegetation. The snow area is a bit more difficult because you have to melt ice to gain water and snowfall can make the terrain a bit harder to traverse if you don't clear it out frequently. Finally, the desert is the hardest of them all with less trees and berries than the other maps and the constant threat of sandstorms grabbing dwarves and scattering around items.In short, it's a very fun crafting game that does some things a little differently while still keeping the basic jist of other crafting games."
,Recommended,248390,13322423,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Rydzard,First of all That game is about being the ruler of the dwarf you think for them ...you care for them ! about the Ai.... that folks tend to criticise is not true i mean yeah some time you think they are stupid to go straight to one of the Boss down there alone ....... but then you realise that the Dwarf was just going to get some ressource that fell on the floor because some random mob destroyed the block ...... but if you plan your dungeon carefully ..... i got no big issue with that !The only down side is that the Manegement of the dwarf is not good enough no fast Stats on the side of the screen like in WOW when we were 40 in raid ...... Anyhow that game is time killer like crazy for me and still playing and enjoying that good Game for about 150mb that game is awesome !
76561197995487341,Recommended,248390,13506362,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Katherine,This game has stolen many hours of my life. It's very fun and hugely addictive thanks to the inclusion of a tech tree and monster waves. I hope they release more worlds!
76561197997055246,Recommended,248390,13535185,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,falconsghost,"Addictive! First played for a few hours. Dreamt about playing it all day at work the following day. Easy to play, and still under development. Family Friendly. I wish I could level up faster. Would help if I could sell crafted/unused items to Grunt. But it keeps it challenging."
76561198129747138,Recommended,248390,20009535,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,TheOnionFairy,It's simply amazing and fun
76561198144277578,Recommended,248390,20044205,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Famoouse hellcase.com,"Nice game, only thing i have wrong is little to no help when you start, (like terraria or minecraft)"
,Recommended,248390,19977280,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,KVADART,MY Favorite game!
,Recommended,248390,24592640,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,YC_Crazy,This game is really good!LoooooooooooooooL
,Recommended,248390,24604360,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,O_o,addicting gem!  there are some minor issues with AI and such but overall this is a pretty amazing game as you can tell by my playtime.
76561198099062845,Recommended,248390,25024870,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Cease Thy Faggotry,I got this game when it was on early access and it has come a long way! If you love building♥♥♥♥♥♥ mining♥♥♥♥♥♥ killing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cooking♥♥♥♥♥♥ or buying♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is for you.10/10 would dig again.
,Recommended,248390,25188529,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Aleema,"I love this game. I LOVE THIS GAME.It has simulation aspects (you commamd your dwarven horde), creative aspects (build your base! decorate your house!), and RPG aspects (stats! weapons! gear!)Working through your technology tree and uncovering new recipes is the most fun thing for me. There's no real story goal outside of ""survive"" and ""make it to the portal"" so the tech tree helps define what you should be doing next. It's also very satisfying to gear up your dwarves and start a raid on a goblin camp. Every so often, they trigger a massive monster horde to test your defenses. I play on the harder difficulties now because it really forces you to be tactical.Not to mention it has all the fun of Minecraft, too."
76561198017741246,Recommended,248390,15343773,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,oMelette_4u,OK!
76561198055526987,Recommended,248390,10225882,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Mr.Kingsman9,I wish goblins dont have endliss ladders and monsters take more fall damage and when a tower is destroied by monsters u get stuff back and towers do more damage other than that amazing game GOOD JOB!!
,Recommended,248390,13013847,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Paramaniac,"Please moe techs, more items, more materials, more deep mining, more recipes, more maps more more more oh no! more dwarfs :)"
,Recommended,248390,13999860,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Maw,"Fantastic game, loads of fun, lots of content, regularly updated with good devs. Will keep you occupied for hours.Interface can get annoying though, that needs a seriouse look at."
76561198059135866,Recommended,248390,14658584,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,At'sun,Top Game
,Recommended,248390,13087258,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Lolance,Played for 6 hours.Only complaint (bar the minor bugs one would expect) were that the game just seemed slow.Soon found you could speed up the game.  Game got amazing.It's awesome.
,Not Recommended,248390,18765492,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Some Legend,"I bought this game when it was still in its early stages of development, almost a year ago. The game was fun back then, but it clearly needed a lot more work put into it, so I left it for a while and decided to come back to it once it had been updated a bit.Almost a year on, I decided to give the game another blast and see what had changed. The answer to that was, not a lot!It's a very slow paced game where you need to craft various items from basic house furnishings, to weapons and equipment. The recipes need more and more materials to create them, so you need to venture deep into the earth and explore the wild around you to find them. The problem is, this slow pace is almost halted to a crawl as the AI of the dwarves is absurd!The dwarves often stand there ""path finding"" when they are stood in the middle of an open area, with nothing around them which could be considered an obstacle. Often even a simple jump takes 20 seconds of calculations to work out how to do it.I revealed an area with some pretty tough monsters in it. A guardian whom can summon skeletons and is only vulnerable to mithril (which will take you some time to research due to the afore mentioned problems). After realising he was too tough, I cancelled my command to attack him and wanted my dwarves to go back to what they were doing. The problem was, once I had cancelled the command, this did NOTHING to stop my dwarves repeatedly running and trying to attack the Guardian. Even using the ""call to fortress"" feature was useless as that would cause them to stay in one place and do nothing, then once I cancelled this order, they would run straight back to the Guardian to try and kill him!In the end my dwarf I had skilled up to be my main warrior was killed due to his own (and the games) stupidity. After this, I decided that the time and effort I put into getting to where I did had been wasted.I would not reccommend this game unless the developers revamped the entire AI system and made the game actually playable. Until then, it's not worth £14! I would pay maybe £3 for this game, but would much rather see it offered as a flash game on some website for free!"
,Recommended,248390,13095756,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Crowe,"Good fun.A lot of grind involved and could probably benefit from a faster fast forward button.Can find yourself out of resources a lot and having to scour the map for bits and pieces.Could benefit from a better in game tutorial, or FAQ guide, but is easy enough to get to grips with.8/10"
76561198027535116,Recommended,248390,16385222,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Batalix,"Amazing, best game agint the stress."
,Recommended,248390,19893989,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Zenth815,it is about dwarfs and building and thoes are my favrite!!!!!!!!!!
76561198007486613,Recommended,248390,10030229,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,medloulou2009,"This will become the next ""Minecraft"" ! Although early access, this is a game like it hasn't been made in a long time !!! Keep an eye for this one because it will be for sure for a long time a HIT ! If this one doesn't get the ""game of the year"" title, I don't know anything anymore about PC games, and I've seen a lot of them since the late 80's ! Addictive and fun !!!! You just want to keep playing.Please keep improving and investing in this game, this one really diserves a big applause !Keep on with the good work !"
76561198019081452,Not Recommended,248390,18360637,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,likvidation,12 hr in on the first world I got quite tired of nothing happening.
,Not Recommended,248390,18364568,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,nerdjuice32,"This game has me quite torn. It has so much potential to be a really awesome game but just a few things hold it back, I think.I really like the base mechanics of the game. You don't control your people individually, but rather tell them what to do and they'll get to it eventually. This can lead to annoyance as things can become high priority to you and your people continue to do the other 'housekeeping' tasks you've set. I could be wrong, but as far as I know, there's no way to increase priority of tasks. That's definitely a problem.The other thing is that even on the 'fastest' setting, the game gets boring waiting for your dwarves to complete their tasks (even if they immediately jump on them), especially early on when you only have 1-2 dwarves and basic equipment. I know it's kind of supposed to feel like that early on, but this is too much. I'm just staring at the screen waiting far too often.Also, there is a time box constantly counting down. Every 30 or so minutes (15 I think on the fastest setting), a large group of mobs attack your people. They aren't generally too difficult to defeat, but it does absolutely require your attention. I like the feature, but not ALL the time. This is a crafting game, primarily, and the demographic that likes crafting and building usually doesn't like constant distractions. We want to build our giant god damn usless-but-purty constructions and landscapes.Lastly, the non-sandbox modes are brutal. Even if you have the materials to craft something, you can't craft it until you reach enough experience in the prerequisit tech tree research. I find myself crafting 14 'dyes' or 8 diving helmets or whatnot just to get enough experience in that tech to be able to craft further. It's infuriating at times. The crafting isn't all that streamlined either. Everytime you craft something new you must drag each ingredient from your inventory to its proper place. That would be forgivable IF you weren't required to craft nearly 100% of what's possible to craft to get to the end of the tech tree. One or the other. Absolutely not both.Like I said, this game has so much potential, and as it is, it was still fairly fun for me for at least the first time through. However, now when I play I just end up frustrated every time. It's like the designers are too concerned with 'what makes sense?' and not enough with 'what is fun?'. Streamline menus, find a new crafting/tech system, speed the game up, realtime 'increase priority of task', and don't have the mob attack timer on constantly. Maybe a mob attacks only when you steal a rune or something underground so you can choose the time.It's mostly a solid game, and I'm sure some people will get a lot of enjoyment out of it. Make note of the date of this writing - perhaps they will update it and fix some issues. I want so badly to like it but sadly it isn't there yet."
76561198038829198,Recommended,248390,24125589,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Missing Time,"Imagine minecraft, but in 2D. Now imagine that you arent playing, but a bunch of ugly dwarf-bots with terrible AI are playing. And they are blaming you for not having any beer."
,Recommended,248390,31806210,Posted: 17 May,all,Littlebeeches,"Love this game. Spent much time crafting and mining, leveling up for more dwarves, watching said dwarves die and then waiting for more. 10/10"
76561198014661165,Recommended,248390,30743206,Posted: 25 March,all,Hakar,"Aside from all the good things said in other reviews, I'll also note that this game runs perfectly on multiple monitors."
,Recommended,248390,8200402,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Rhaegor,EAG that is so addicting and fun!
,Recommended,248390,8211964,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,warkrimes 101,"Craft The World is ownly bound to get better.  There are so many more features in this game than they let me know of!  The game seems to intelligently progress in difficulty and is constantly keeping me on my toes, but not ruining the experience.  This game is like Lemmings and Terraria put together.  I like Dwarf Fortress, but we can't compare apples to oranges, folks.The fun is in the unique management that you have to endure.  There is no number crunching of taxes or balancing of peasant population to that of the warriors...  The management is in the making sure your work gets done before nightfall, keep your dwarves fed, provide a safe work environment (yes, they can slip, trip, drown, and fall to their deaths), provide shelter, and then get to your exploring.To top it off, the game is visually enjoyable.  It is asthetically color balanced and the animations are reminicent of Monty Python's cartoon shorts.I love it!"
,Recommended,248390,9947787,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Avolition,Can't... Stop... Playing...
76561198036085810,Recommended,248390,32382338,Posted: 13 June,all,Bubben246,I recreated the backstory to The Hobbit. 10/10
,Recommended,248390,32390854,Posted: 13 June,all,firesoldier1005,A good bit of fun. (Im too lazy to write an actual review)
76561197967018034,Not Recommended,248390,18271116,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Steve,"Not a bad game, per se, but limited and simplistic.  No long-term goals, a somewhat painful interface, poor AI that gets bogged down midway through any game, etc. drag this game down."
,Recommended,248390,13105733,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Rayzold,"*Update*So I'm back in this game even though my save game was corrupted months ago because I noticed there's a new update out and I started over.The game still has issues and is ridiculously slow at some points as it has been but I've seen a lot of improvements.Turns out the programmers did not attempt to sell early and cash on / abandon their software after all, they keep working on it and that's something that you don't see too often. I should however mention that this version feels like an actual release and not the one that was released half a year ago.The game is the best at base building and managing multiple characters, although some shortfalls when it comes to AI and battles. If they were to add some speed in the game it would be perfect.If my save gets corrupted this time I'm quitting for good.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Old review:Released version? AS IF!http://i59.tinypic.com/rv9ch1.pngThat was a 40+ hours of gametime down the drain, because apparently IF YOU CRASH YOUR ""SAVE"" gets deleted!40 FREAKING hours down the drain!The game is not, BY FAR, a released version game.Enjoyable the first hours, abysmal but manageable farming later on, nothing to offer in the end."
76561198060358396,Recommended,248390,29615825,Posted: 31 January,all,Kubełek,Bardzo fajna gra . Polecam . Wszystko w niej jest ok po za minimapą. Bardzo przyjemnie się w nią gra. Mimo iż jest prosta w mechanice to daje duzo zabawy i mozliwosci jak to na sandboxy przystało. 8 / 10 i polecam. Myślę ze gra jest warta peiniędzy.
,Recommended,248390,32907333,Posted: 27 June,all,MOOKMAK,I Love this Game!!!
76561198106281808,Not Recommended,248390,14701825,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Hannah Baker 2.0,"This is the absolute worst game i have ever played, the instructions are♥♥♥♥♥♥and once you learn to play the game it is so ♥♥♥♥ing boring, and it takes forever to get pointless items so you can unlock the next items, then the resources get scarce 0/10 would not recommedi wasted 20 dollars on this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game whoever made the game should burn in hell."
76561198031015942,Not Recommended,248390,33756487,Posted: 23 July,all,SeaQueen,"Cool concept, as long as you like to take a week to grind every technology to the highest level. Attacks are far and wide, leaving not a lot to do besides more grinding.If you prefer a peaceful expirence with few challenges, this is your game."
76561198128227422,Recommended,248390,24127026,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,schifti,Great game played for days it has some huge dangers
76561198131265658,Recommended,248390,12810850,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,There is only ONE God,(Early Review/First Impressions) I would recommend this game because it is very playable although it does need some work. (early access)  It is very fun and interesting.  Am hoping for some Steam Workshop support in the future.  And I look forward to the full release.
,Recommended,248390,28718978,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,The Knight of The Abyss,"I love this game, originally i was looking for a game that would the same category for Oxygen Not Included, when I saw this game i started to see similiar aspects, so I bought it and have not regretted it. Ill be playing this game a lot until Oxygen Not Included comes out, other than that, I highly recommend this game"
76561198060582592,Recommended,248390,17358323,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,IceyAngel,"So there are people who love this game, and people who despise it with the power of a thousand suns.  I'm in camp one.Pros:-Immensely entertaining-CREATIVITY-You get to build all kinds of fun stuff-Sandbox mode means no tech tree so you get all sorts of different levels of things (it took forever to get wood panels, but I got stone, brick, plaster and lord knows what else)Amusing (see fake) cons:-There is a DRAGON at the centre of the dwarven world, I nearly died myself when I saw my dwarf fall into this random pool of lava and this big red dragon come swooping in....shock of my life, missed the screenshot because I was in shock-Ants are evil, in every dimension, there are ant caves that slaughter your dwarves for lulz, they are evil, I hate ants-spectres are jerkasses and throw your stuff aroundlegit cons (see my own idiocy):-SUPPOSEDLY you can make houses out of dirt, I wish I knew this, no one told me this, I found out by accident (bloody game)-ALSO, you can use the earth in general.....also no one told me this....bloody game-ALSO, you can plant wheat seeds and don't have to wait to find it somewhere on the map, no one told me this....In conclusion, game is insanely fun, some things you don't know until you try it....<goes back into the black hole that is Craft the World>ONWARDS AND TRIUMPH 50 BILLION HOURS LATER"
,Recommended,248390,15972145,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,DeMyztikX,"It's fun at first but really starts to drag on and never really progresses or finish. Still a fun game you'll get your time in on, especially on a sale."
76561198041550897,Recommended,248390,16251921,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,blueimpb,"I'll just echo some of the other positive reviews here: this is a fun, gorgeous game that offers many hours of gameplay. Eventually it just runs out of depth and content, and turns into a bit of a slog. But I'd strongly recommend it as a hugely enjoyable game that's a great value."
76561198012846359,Recommended,248390,31030907,Posted: 8 April,all,souligniter,"fun, easy to play. Maps are lorge enough to give you plenty of playtime."
,Recommended,248390,32430957,Posted: 15 June,all,Prince Hector,Beautiful and fun game.
,Recommended,248390,9887212,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,LtKillPuppy,"I was looking for simple crafting games to keep me entertained, and so I decided to check out Craft the World.  I didn't expect much;  A simple 2D scrolling mining game, maybe some tower-defense style challenge, but otherwise a fairly straight forward game that was early in production.  I assumed it was a game that was probably very basic and still quite sketchy.  What I received was a surprisingly well polished game, and for that I am thankful.  So often Early Access games are mere scaffolding with a thin layer of activity -- Just enough content for testing and a lot of blind alleys to stumble into.  But with CtW, you are getting a near-complete game.  On top of that: The art is pleasing, the sound effects are appropriate, and it has catchy music.Almost everything works.  There are some aspects of the game play which do not function (such as comfort-level inducing items), but none of the lacking features cause much hinderance.Of all the ""2d semi-autonomous dwarves running around in procedural random worlds and building stuff"" games, CtW is my favorite.  It's soothing to play; Challenging but not in a nail-biting click-fest manner.  Just what I wanted right now, something to curl up in bed with and play on the laptop.Kudos for Dekovir for EAing such a polished product."
,Recommended,248390,31693085,Posted: 11 May,all,JS1HUNDRED,I have played this game A LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT.I will be playing it plenty more. I just want an even bigger crafting tree. I want way more levels.
,Recommended,248390,15617777,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,endersblade,"This game is absolutely amazing, and it just gets better with every patch.  Sure, there are a lot of things they could do with it, that they've even set the groundwork for, and I'm sure it'll get there, but what we have now is just loads of fun.My biggest complaint is that there is a limit to how long you can really play; eventually you run out of resources, as you've mined them all from the map.  The maps aren't very big, there's absolutely no reason to explore or expand, and once you get all of your guys decked out in mithril gear, what really is there left to do?All that aside, I still highly recommend this game for anyone interested in this type.  The graphics are wonderful, the dwarves are cute, and it plays smooth as butter."
76561198131444429,Not Recommended,248390,17258702,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,DJChainsaw,"I wish i could recomend this game but i cant because of one factor, how stupid the dwarves are. The AI is so bad too the point where it completlely ruined the game for me and hopefully it will be fixed. It would be worth getting this game if you got it on sale."
76561198014869333,Recommended,248390,30536411,Posted: 15 March,all,(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻,"86 online hours, still haven't beat the first world.  Dwarf fell in lava.  Time to start over!"
,Recommended,248390,16664932,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Streaky Haddock,"Very fun for the first world, but you start completely over on the second world with no previous progression held over. Second world could still be fun as you can make a much better base and manage dwarves better with the knowledge you're cementing from the first world. However once you've done that you have no reason to play beyond the second world. Could be much better if the worlds offer vastly different or you retained some levels or recipes from your previous world. Comparisons to Dwarf Fortress don't feel quite right as the Dwarves don't really have personalities or stats, and their power is determined by their gear pretty much and the skill books you give them. Still, I'd recommend it since it's cheap and I was seriously engaged for about a week."
76561198085393377,Recommended,248390,33193264,Posted: 3 July,all,Charlie D,Charlie Darwin approves.
76561198308561543,Recommended,248390,31995839,Posted: 27 May,all,OMGitsgeorgie,"Such an amazing game, i've put in so many hours after doing it over and over again. If you're umming and ahhing, definitely get it you will not be dissapointed."
76561198023636562,Recommended,248390,19691278,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Jman,I love this game.  The way you grow on each world can be different.  I usually ignore the tasks.  I treat this as a building game and thoroughly enjoy it.  It has the ability to make me rage when the dwarves do unexpectedly stupid things.  I forgive it each time.
76561198125679500,Recommended,248390,30775538,Posted: 27 March,all,hunter of fire,this was my favorite gamefor a long time but 50 percent of the time i try to join it wont me play overall it is a really good game.
76561198040290736,Recommended,248390,30790054,Posted: 28 March,all,Rusty The Clown,"very fun casual game !!! lots of potential on this early access !! this game is a perfect mix of 4-5 great games !it`s a mash-up of runescape (crafting,skilling) minecraft (digging,lumbering,farming,harvesting,terraforming,sandbox)and 7 daYS(BASEBUILDING,SURVIVAL,ZOMBIEs and goblins waves) . it can be played both pve solo and coop or pvp.overall this game is way worth the 16$ I had to pay for the game and its 2 DLC !! Happy Dig everyone!!!!"
76561198313212889,Recommended,248390,30758862,Posted: 26 March,all,kris,This game is wonderfully addictive with strategic and rpg elements. Highly recommend it and the dlc package.
76561198039909537,Recommended,248390,30767821,Posted: 27 March,all,danny.hamel,I love this game. I got addicted really quick. I can make the world however I want. It's awesome. The one and only thing I wish they would change is that you can't move your first stockpile. If I could place it where I wanted it would make the game a lot more fun. I keep restarting the level trying to get a better set up because I'm stuck with the stockpile. Please change that! I want to move my first stockpile!
76561198086492630,Recommended,248390,29379570,Posted: 20 January,all,LoserGirl666,"Got this during the winter sale on a whim. Staring playing and found it super addictive, went 14 hours so....yeah....recommended."
,Recommended,248390,29266186,Posted: 14 January,all,SP4NG,"Addictive? Yes. Entertaining? Absolutely. Pain staking mineral grind? You betcha!This is the type of game that you dig into for the long haul. My only gripe is the callouts the dwarves make, for instance, ""We're under attack!"" and ""En Garde!"" Obviously we are under attack, also, no need to tell me you are attacking when you're about to attack. ""What are you preparing? You're always preparing, just go!"""
,Recommended,248390,29308698,Posted: 16 January,all,HOT ROSS BUNS,Not a bad game about little bearded men. Enjoyable 4/6
76561197996051698,Recommended,248390,14006072,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Biggus Dickus,"I reccomend this game but only in some circumstances.It's a fine game, its well made, the art is nice, graphics are vibrant and the gameplay and crafting systems are pretty in depth. The crafting system is especially well made and is probably the highlight. I've seen some people say its hard to control the Dwarfs and it is and isn't at the same time. Early game its easy to get your dwarfs moving in one direction. Late game once you get vast chasms of mines and tunnels you'll be tearing your hair out when goblins suddenly spawn next to your house while all your dwarfs but 2 or 3 are away in the tunnels. There are some useful presets you can give to your dwarfs to perform certain jobs, the lite RPG elements are neat and give serious benefits to highly leveld dwarfs for their jobs but it becomes damn near impossible to keep track of everything and keep all your dwarfs on the same page after your population hits 20 or 30.The crafting is neat. You start you gathering resources and clearing tunnels and land. You develop a nice plot to place a house on and keep your dwarfs slept and fed and then you go from there progressively upgrading and improving your tools, armor, weapons and workbenches. The crafting system has a fairly deep system but it still didn't seem deep enough to keep me interested late game. After so long it became more of a stalemate and i couldn't keep up nor could i dig far enough and build enough ladders to get to the best ores. At this point i lost interest since i was more or less in a slogging grind and was making little to no progress. To some that may be part of the fun, and it is for me usually, but the crafting system wasn't deep enough to keep me grinding. Since crafting is one of the main, if not the main, selling points of this game that can be a hit or miss depending on who you are or what you like. I'd recommend it to people who can get this game on the cheap and enjoy cartoony games with lots of charm and a neat little twist on the craft/survive genre.Its got a bit of Minecraft, Terraria and a bit of RTS-RPG like Warcraft 3. It has good charm from your dwarfs and some of the enemies you battle. It has vibrant colors with clean, well made graphics that fit the atmosphere and gameplay perfectly. And finally the sound design and quality are pretty top notch for an indie game or Mobile port (not sure if this is a mobile port but it seems like one).Pros-Vibrant Colors and Graphics. Very clean and pretty.-Nice sounds and music. Helps keep the charm of the game up during play.-Charm. This game has a good amount of charm, atleast to me.-RPG elements. It has several layers and types of RPG elements-Crafting system. Its fairly easy to understand, a bit convoluted but has decent depth.-RTS elements with individual characters having their own equipment slots.-Many different jobs and noticable changes to productivity from job skills leveling up.Cons-Turns into a grind late game.-Crafting system wasn't deep enough to keep me interested late game or long term.-Some enemies seem very annoying, the goblins especially.-The game is good in many different facets but doesn't really excell at any one in specific.-Somewhat convoluted design to mages and some crafting recipes.-A slight learning curve, especially for those new to the genre.-Some of the items and furniture seem useless and arbitrary.Thats about it. Its good little game. I feel it was worth the price. I think i payed $7.50 or $10 for it and i got a nice, enjoyable 10 hours out of it. I'll probably come back a few months down the line to give it another play through because the game does have a lot of charm to me despite its flaws. Its a, for the most part, technically solid game that was better than i'd expected. I think it deserves a buy if you're into Terraria/Starcraft, Minecraft and other games of that ilk. I wouldn't reccomend it on its RPG-RTS elements alone but they blend together well with the survival/craft elements to make a rather enjoyable and worthwhile game, even if its worth wasn't that long for this one guy."
,Recommended,248390,12674116,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,ToxicKrusader,This game is great except for the fact that it won't work full screen on Windows 8. Alt+enter just makes the game flash and it goes back to fullscreen. The new full screen option in the menu has the same problem. If you uncheck fullscreen in options the game just flashes and then goes back to fullscreen. When you enter options fullscreen is still checked. I would love this game if only this feature could work on my pc. I've even tried editing the config files to force it into windowed mode to no avail.
76561198073120645,Not Recommended,248390,34801594,Posted: 7 September,all,Nargorth,"Well, the idead was good, but...*Grind and grind in mode without unlocked tech tree.*Zero control over single unit antions. There is no profiling/burrows/labor types/anything AFAIK*Portal spells are only way [not sure, only ive seen in early game] to increase effectiveness of hauling, and they do it extremely well. To well. Not a reason to build infrastructure, or, well, anything.*Combat dense. You cant play wth traps, and you cant station your miitary in easy wayThese are not 100% cons, there are decisions made by creators. I do not recommend due to them and overall game choices, and lack of controlling interface. Yes, you can possess one unit. Not good enough.***Comparing game to Dwarf Fortress [even in small ""mix of A & B & DF way""]is horrrible, terrible mistake: it increased my expectations and demands. Dont do this, really."
76561198060678399,Not Recommended,248390,34830159,Posted: 8 September,all,Jprut,add more tower would be help for defense
76561198170050070,Recommended,248390,21825935,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,RagingClock,I think this game is amazing and I rate this game a yes
76561198009704235,Recommended,248390,20130349,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Ashlamalouk,"Officially ""the game with dwarves who fart""for my girlfriend.Don't know if they fart or just grump, but anyway they're fun (and little dumb)."
,Recommended,248390,21806463,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Doggo,What would make this game better is some sort of fast forward option because it takes forever to do anything
76561198064695940,Recommended,248390,25327866,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Space Age,LOVE IT:D
76561198028029905,Recommended,248390,25349165,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,leeann2009,"I keep coming back to this game! It keeps me busy for hours at a time, highly recommended ifyou like Terraria or Minecraft. Super fun!"
76561198038360204,Recommended,248390,21576652,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Dabi,Are you ready to be a bad♥♥♥♥♥Dwarf Commander and forge the World ! :)
,Recommended,248390,12697508,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Laslon,"I have to say this game is amazing. A real time eater, ""What I've been playing this game for six hours!"". There are some major problems though. Repeated crashes then none starts, after playing arond with steam overlays and deleting certain files, the way I get the game to work is by pushing enter and clicking the mouse, that is when I had resorted to reading the long shot fixes, and it actually worked! There seem to be some major issues for mainly mac users, however the game is truely spectacular and you will fall in love with your little guys.A real must have for any gamer!"
76561197972455217,Recommended,248390,17405373,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Dirtee,I have put many hours on this game. Love it.
76561198082948628,Recommended,248390,28257240,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,DejaVu - Æon,Einfach nur genial
,Not Recommended,248390,29575855,Posted: 29 January,all,Weltall,AI/pathfinding is crap.
,Recommended,248390,19512441,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Reaper8U,"This game is all in all fun. Every time I start playing it I just keep going and never stop. It's the kind of building game I like where you control a nice amount of characters and they do tasks on they own when you tell what they are. And the fact that it gets challenging is pretty nice too, as long as it doesn't get too hard.But there is this one thing about this game that bothers me a bit. The tech tree. It forces you to make stuff you probably won't even place down at all. Something they could do to make it so you don't have 10+ items in your inventory that won't be placed is to give the shop a sell function or something similar."
76561198052476333,Recommended,248390,26836361,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tiresia83,so damn good
76561198020149761,Recommended,248390,28217680,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,It's full of stars...,I HATE how the dwarves are looking now in the Equip-menu. They used to look bad♥♥♥♥♥ from the side now they look like little misfits. Horrible!
,Recommended,248390,29172644,Posted: 10 January,all,LegendaryGeek1,This is a great time killer. Gather supplies craft gear and complete tech trees. beware of the night though! Monsters will come and storm your shelter. Build quickly and be sure to make your tunnels well lit! It seems you get another dwarf every level which is a good thing since there are tons of hidden surprises.
76561197970845141,Recommended,248390,12077981,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Vikings,"Well worth your time Base builders, diggers, and defense enthusiasts.  This has all that and more."
76561198013462546,Recommended,248390,17099201,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,7thsojurn,"I HAVE CHANGE MY REVIEW:  It's would have an excellent score but the game has such good game play and the design on leveling up or crafting is done so well but the only down fall to this hole game is what makes this game so poor is not the game play in fact it's one of the funest games ive played in a long time that after you get use to the movement keys but like i said the one thing that destorys the hole game as full game is after you win the 1st world you start all over in the next world like you never done any thing yes any thing the characters start at level one agian an what even worse is the next world the enemy is even stronger making a good game that should of continued with all the cool items and up grades using those items and having new items like more cool elaments like better armor upgrads and cool building features but being so lazy it makes you start all over what a dumb idea, who ever thought of this should of been fired...... UNSURE HOW TO RATE THIS IT SEEMS TO GET BETTER AS YOU PLAY AND LEARN:So if your in the next world build under ground place takes less wood do to snow world and replace upper land with dirt to grow wheat us coin at 1st to get some and plant keep digging under ground house for space and items and dirt.. Over all this is a very fun game, just buy it."
76561198028347021,Recommended,248390,17282893,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Bertalan Zoltán,Epic GAME!
,Recommended,248390,29218503,Posted: 12 January,all,ghiledronnen,I can't stop playing this game...
,Recommended,248390,15040143,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,That1Dude,"While most express their distain for Steam's early access, Craft The World is the prime example of possible success to early access. I have owned this game since it's early access days and I've never looked back. The dev's listen to their community, creating updates that we (the players) want to see.The game is beautiful, silly (I love when the dwarfs fall and grumble), and overall enchanting. It's nearly impossible to play this game for only an hour at a time, simply because it's so addicting and you want to ""just"" get one more level, one more row cleared, craft one more batch of iron picks, or defeat just one more wave of zombies.I hope the developers continue to update this game for a long time, and I can't wait to see their other titles."
76561198254684894,Recommended,248390,21169733,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,kinglioman,fun game if you like these types of side scroll servival game id say buy it just cause i like it so i say you should like it peer presure mwa ha ha
,Recommended,248390,29185492,Posted: 11 January,all,Mi,"Well, this is awesome !!!"
76561197978393853,Recommended,248390,30023163,Posted: 18 February,all,Young Dex,Ok it is a great game but they need better multiplayerbecause you spend all your ♥♥♥♥ing life on a multiplayer gameand you exit and the peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥actully ♥♥♥♥ing deletedand you loose all your dwarfs
76561198053263712,Recommended,248390,29196418,Posted: 11 January,all,Buweejab,love the game just wish you could set it to idle mode and they do things on there own
76561197979969103,Recommended,248390,29173888,Posted: 10 January,all,Kiros,"Many, many enjoyable hours of entertainment."
,Recommended,248390,13083387,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,AllCast Irish Gamers | Petso,This game is the kind of Game you just stick on and the next minute the whole day is gone!I got this game early on and loved it.The developers constantly update the game with new items new worlds fixes for bugs and new art work. Its great to turn on and something be new.So what do you do?Well you start with one dwarf and you have to dig collect and build. When you go up a level a new dwarf will join your team and make the workload easier. After awhile some random attacks will occur getting harder and harder you will have to equip your small band of dwarfs with better weapons armour and abilities. There is just SO much to do. And at the moment three worlds with their own challenges to overcome.The abilities don't make a huge difference some are better than others. Example having a mage and an archer on the team is great. But being able to fish well isnt so useful.I hope theres more worlds in the pipeline as i've finished the game now and started a custom game while I wait. But I can't fault anything really with the game is just one of them games you put on after a hard day and drift off in to.8/10AlcoIrishGamershttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCW2Agm2kMdjrqbzr2AyCoTQ
76561198018598516,Recommended,248390,15959563,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,euplatious,"I know the game is a useful synergy of various other games, but it just works on so many levels, and the developers continue to add in new support, such as another level just yesterday, and such.  It's smooth and works well."
76561197998163192,Not Recommended,248390,8260132,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Solitus,Are you a fan of Dwarf Fortress? Is that why you are here?  Then turn around and head back the way you came.  I have never before missed DF's ability to streamline jobs like I do now.Do you feel like screwing around in a world where you cannot possibly lose or die? (if your Dwarves die they just respawn in a few minutes).  Would you like to be forced into crafting Wooden Bookshelves and Cabinets with Glass in order to unlock your next tier armor (even though you can tech straight to helmets)?Are you more interested in creating a beautiful mansion than the slaughter of your enemies?Then this game is for you!
76561197966358311,Not Recommended,248390,13514941,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Ketamarine,"This game has a lot of promise, early game is tons of fun, amazing mechanics.... but... and this is a big but...The late game is absolute, complete garbage. You have to spend hours (like 3-6?) winding your way through level after level of ""research"" crafting pointless decorative♥♥♥♥♥♥(gargoyles?, furniture?) to get to the end game useful items (like top armor, weapons and base defenses). I never even made it through the grind it was so painful.And I've even read that depending on the world you spawn in, you can run our of minable resources crafting this useless trash before you get to the end of the crafting research tree.Nothing is more infuriating than a late game, game-ruining bug!"
76561198042356312,Recommended,248390,12690378,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Aronses,"Oh my god, this game is the best. It's incredibly easy to lose track of time and waste 5 hours on it (I played offline that's why the time isn't counted.) I would recommend this title to anyone who likes to make things of their own or micro-manage stuff. Worth the $14.99f for sure."
76561198008412276,Not Recommended,248390,28595443,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,DMarek,My wife and kids really enjoy this game too bad it was made so you can erase everything you have accomplished by clicking the restart button right beshide the exit button. No verificatiom just gone. I just uninstalled it. Will never give it another try with such a ridiculas design flaw.
76561197966093580,Not Recommended,248390,13998586,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,ArchAngelPaladin,"In a game where you order dwarfs to complete task this game requires too much mico management.  Crafting esp has me frustrated by the dumb interface, dragging components onto a grid over and over and over and over in not much fun but instead very tedious.  Also as this game was really made for smart phones/tablet and so the controls are awful, no right click, no dragging, no tool tips, just bad.  There might be some hidden shortcuts(pressing i at least brings up the crafting screen) but because there is no keybinding menu you'll have to do a google to find them all.It's a shame too because it this is a really colourful game, and it's alot easy to build large structures than in other games(although the dwarfs still don't auto place scaffolding.)  So this could be a fun game for you if you can get past the interface and the micro crafting, but it's not very fun for me."
,Not Recommended,248390,30125822,Posted: 23 February,all,Xolger,"This game is ""okay"" BUT:!!! ==> W A R N I N G <== !!!I saw this Steam-Banner advertising saying: TRY the NEW Multiplayer-Mode!i thought, okay i would NEVER buy it if it would be only single-player,but hey multiplayer sounds nice, so buy it + DLC for 2 people.And WTF did i got ?!?!?THERE is NO muliplayer as you/we are used to.There is no multiplayer-option in any navigation.So, to get to the point of ""mulitplayer"" you need to build, farm and research forlets say 1-2 hours depending on the random-map/resources you get.Than you are able to build a advanced-portal which gives a spell/icon.IF you use THIS an multiplayer-option opens.well..... and than you can join a multiplayer which was kinda boring to be honest.thumbs down - big time!:-("
76561198050246843,Not Recommended,248390,13028870,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Zabi,"UI (designed for mobile/tablets), bugs, tedious gameplay (dumbed down to casuals), even basic wall or table is locked at the start, micromanagement hell.If you liked Dwarf Fortress or Gnomoria you will be disappointed in that one."
,Recommended,248390,13322160,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Rat_race68,Great game to play in your free time. I enjoyed looking after the dwarves and keep looking forward to helping them with their everyday lives.
76561198038969593,Not Recommended,248390,31966542,Posted: 25 May,all,Snark,"First of all, it is not dwarves, it is you who doing everything, manually, one-by-one select every precious sheep to cut.The game is a lazy as it can possibly be, repetitive as hell, and just as fun as clicker hero. There is absolutely no AI or interface friendliness in there.I hadn't expected anything like 'dwarf fortress' here, but this one - if you remove all the dwarves completely, there will be no difference in gameplay at all, it will only become more efficient."
76561198075419795,Not Recommended,248390,13149562,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,syverlauritz,"I really want to like this game. On paper it's awesome: An accessible dwarf fortress.However, frustrating AI ruins the whole thing. When a dwarf dies, it never, EVER feels like your own fault. Spend your money elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,248390,13234501,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Muscat,"I wanted to like it.  If you've played Dwarf Fortress, Terraria, Gnomoria, King Arther's Gold, or a load of other similar games, you can skip this one.  But if you haven't played those, or if you prefer a more linear, more repetitive, more lacking storyline, with one-click controls, and lots of waiting, give it a go.  You'll love it.  Then try those other games after the fun wears off in the 2nd world."
76561198110460030,Not Recommended,248390,13464643,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,robertw18,"This was a really fun game for the first 10 - 15 hours to so, but then it started crashing over and over again.  Now I'm to the point that the game crashes once every 10 - 15 minutes.  What's worse, you can't manually save your progress... Autosave is all you have so sometimes you end up back in the same place over and over again, wondering how to get passed the crash (with no error messages).Bummer dude.  Otherwise it's a really fun game, but it's not ready for primetime yet."
76561198112196510,Not Recommended,248390,33661675,Posted: 19 July,all,Orginal Saint,The Guide or training is not very good.The game is now starting to crash as welllike the idea but I have played 20 hours now and I have never completed a level .
76561197961668106,Not Recommended,248390,13295033,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Xynxie,"Gets boring very fast.  Terrible AI... I do mean really, really bad pathing.  Crappy interface.  Insofar as builders/sandbox survivals go, this one sucks bigtime.  Micromanaging your equipment is a chore.  This game has gone wrong in too many directions for me to recommend."
76561197995206794,Not Recommended,248390,30327273,Posted: 4 March,all,PlatypusNinja,"After playing the starter campaign for several hours, I'm pretty frustrated.Crafting is painful: if you want to create something you first have to manually create all the components.I'm used to Factorio style crafting, where you choose the recipe you want and it automatically makes the components.Combat is painful: I can't seem to issue orders to individual dwarves!When a battle happens, I want to collect everyone into a group, but instead they sort of charge haphazardly into combat as they trickle in to the area.  So far I've won, but only because I'm playing on 'easy' difficulty.Equipment is painful too.  I can make a fancy smithing apron and put it on a dwarf, but how do I know if that dwarf will assign himself to smithing duties?  If I put a smithing apron on a dwarf and that dwarf starts walking halfway across the map to mine a dirt block, I've wasted my time.Keeping everyone healthy is difficult!  Left to their own devices, they don't seem to rest.  Five minutes before a battle, I have to manually click on everyone and tell them to go take a nap so they'll be ready.Building my fortress is kind of fun, but it would be more fun if the comfort rules worked better.  My fortress is an expanse of wide hallways full of chairs, because chairs give +2 comfort and there doesn't seem to be a cap.There's a huge sprawling tech tree ahead of me, and I can kind of envision how the rest of the game will work -- sending dwarves down to mine resources so I can build tech levels, bringing them back up to fight off skeletons.  I wonder if there's a way to build an unassailable fortress, either deep underground or up in the sky, so the skeletons can't get to it?  But I'm not having enough fun to keep playing."
76561198018955044,Recommended,248390,13022460,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Santiagowned,"Terraria meets Dungeon Keeper.Very well polished game for an Early Access. Fun and addictive. The only drawback of the game is that there is a lot of downtime, hope they do something about that."
76561198048161785,Recommended,248390,13289488,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Xalão,"OIA, um bom jogo, porém enjooa rapido"
,Recommended,248390,13064134,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Rodalli,"The amount of depth here is mindblowing. This really is like a 2D, playable Dwarf Fortress, but with some tower defense elements. I was afraid it would be like Terraria, and be very twitchy and over the top, but it's not. I'd recommend this game to anyone who really, really, really wanted to get into Dwarf Fortress but just couldn't because of the terrible UI and steep learning curve. I've put 20 hours into this game without even realizing it, and I'm only on the first world. Really well done."
,Not Recommended,248390,29032613,Posted: 5 January,all,Agrabrand,Annoying F2P mechanics like caft x of the something to unlock the next tree make this Game unfun.
,Not Recommended,248390,23789910,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Randael,"I started the game... the moment the music started playing and the menu screen appeared I already couldnt hold back ""oh pls no..."" The music is generic and has such an ugly generic browser/android game vibe ... the whole menu looks like its from a cheap generic f2p browser/facebook/android game ... First shock over, deicided to atleast try it...then the game starts. I still cant shake off the feeling im playing some generic browser/android game... the menus , the buildscreen, the inventory , everything reminds me of it. Then once ingame I cut my first tree... a popup appears telling me that its a SUCCESS! I got wood and some exp... terminate process-delete content-write this review.In my eyes not worth the money if you dislike these kind of games... if not it might actually be fun... shows potential but totally wastes it that way in my oppinion... too bad. It looked way better on the steam screenshots... my bad for not checking videos."
,Not Recommended,248390,13530982,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Agulag,"i've played quite a few hours of this game while in early access and as such, it is good. but i honestly thought it was still in early, as the interface is still clunky and the AI is buggy. sometimes the dwarfs just stop and tries to figure out what to do next. even if there are plenty of unfinished task close by.the tech tree seems off, with decorative stuff being mandatory to get usefull things. you will end up with enough decorative items to get 100% on several housings before getting to the end of the tech tree.the graphics are nice and the audio compliments the speed of the game. it is a slow pace most of the time, you just mark out what to mine/build/attack and it will be done.as the game is now, i would not recommend it, it needs to be polished more, but if it gets the crafting UI sorted, the tech tree re-designed and the AI improved, this is one of those games where you just relax after a frustrating day, looking at your minions do your bidding."
,Not Recommended,248390,13408053,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,S3cTi()N 8uP,"Hard to give this game a thumbs down, it looks visually nice but he game UI and AI is absolutely terrible. The crafting system is tedious and seriously annoying. There is an auto fill option where you double click a resource already been dragged onto the crafting table however is populates in very unconvenient places. With 53 hours in I feel like i can say it has trasformed alot since Early Access, however with the tech tree being nearly 50% of aesthetic junk, the clunking UI and AI I just cant reccomend. I did enjoy moments they just didnt outweigh the frustratingly annoying ones."
76561198006720968,Recommended,248390,28609035,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Kaiowas,A good game for relaxing..
,Not Recommended,248390,30513290,Posted: 14 March,all,Antimuffin,"I really wanted this game to work. It looked fun, but playing it was an exercise in frutration. My dwarves ran into constant pathing issues, getting stuck in tunnels and on ladders. Also, everything kept filling with water all the time and it wasn't at all clear how to deal with that issue. When I broke down and watched a video guide, I learned about all kinds of non-obvious rules and features that the game never mentioned or explained. I restarted, thinking that this time I'd do it right.....and then restarted again....and then finally gave up. This game just doesn't work very well. There are far too many obscure rules, buggy behaviors and frustrating limitations. If you want a game kind of like this that actually works, I'd recommend Gnomorria."
76561197970016784,Recommended,248390,33130675,Posted: 2 July,all,Slurmz MacKenzie,"A mobile game, but a very good mobile game."
,Not Recommended,248390,13514754,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Bardo,"Personally did not really enjoy the game, I usually enjoy these type of games, Minecraft, Terraria, etc. I enjoy the early game aspects of these sorts of those games as well, where it does take time to get started and get set up well, but this game doesn't really seem to offer much diversity in terms of items or building.I just did not really enjoy the game.Maybe like a 3/10 at best? Not my thing, wish I could refund."
76561197970509549,Not Recommended,248390,13355417,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Cryzick,"At this time, the polished artwork temporarily hides the flaws of this game. While not game-breaking, the flaws make you realize you are playing an unfinished shell of a game that is simply wasting your time attempting to compensate for those flaws.Pros++ Polished Artwork and original style+ Little to no bugs or game-breaking errorsCons-- Bad AI for Dwarves and Monsters-- Very Small Worlds-- No Campaign or Plot- Very limited bestiary- Constant and predictable monster waves- Boring/slow crafting system- No autofill for recipes - Lots of pointless click and drag- Limited in-game resources prohibit creativityEx. The player controlled spells like the Portal Spell are merely tricks that lets you bypass the slow gameplay and clunky AI of your minions."
76561198065203499,Not Recommended,248390,17446062,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,KnarfQC,"Very boring game, lots of bug, crash all the time. Better spend your money on other games"
76561198109924178,Not Recommended,248390,13434649,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Danger Dowell,"After about 40 hours on record all completed within 2 weeks I have to say that this game is an unfinished shell that seems fun at the start and completely pointless at the end .    Dont buy this game . Its  a huge rip off of other sandbox games and its the worst one.   I bought terraria shortly after and its  1/4 the price 100x better and has a ton of replay value.You dont control any of your dwarves in combat . you only tell them generaly what to do and where to work . its very frustrating and your minor progression is completly unsatisfying.  they added portals to make travel easier but they really just ruin the whole concept.  After beating the first world i completely lost interest.  Actually i lost interest before i beat the world . i just wanted to get it over with.whats the point of an exploration game that lets you stay inside 100% of the time and just portal to where ever you want on the map without having to explore there to get there.......This is a concept that is being sold as a completed game .  Dont spend 20$ on this incomplete alpha of a game .once youve put about 20 hours into your first save file, do everything there is to do .  you will never play this game again and you will regret what you spent on it.  Dont be fooled by the bubbly animation and pictures on steam .this game should be $2.00.GG Portal opening simulator."
76561198021882553,Not Recommended,248390,14408133,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Ippado,"I really like strategy games and exploration games. This new sub-genre is interesting, but overall they make poor games. This is probably the best in the sub-genre, but I wish there were more customization. The tech-tree is linear and often just makes you do things that you normally wouldn't want to do.If you perfer 2D exploration games, there are a lot better out there.If you perfer strategy fortress building, there are better out there.The combination just doesn't work because there is not enough to explore and there is not enough customization in defense or building a home."
,Not Recommended,248390,13410320,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Rad,"Intolerable graphical errors, game-breaking bugs and poor design. I regret buying this."
,Not Recommended,248390,20048996,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Geno,"This was a very fun game, but the thing that ruined it for me is the technology tree. The tree forces you to just mindlessly create unnessary things just for the stuff you want and it just extends the game and makes it more tedious. The drawf AI is also kinda iffy for example when a huge wave of monsters came a drawf would run opposite of home toward the portal spawning in the monsters."
,Recommended,248390,13074315,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Vomiting Moose,Started up the game.Three hours later I realized how long I had spent barely scratching the surface of this highly enjoyable masterpiece.10/10 will spend a full hour trying to figure out how to successfully build a house.
76561198018378749,Recommended,248390,9770038,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Steffianozich,Im completely hooked.this is such a cool game
,Recommended,248390,9818908,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Yung Dengern,Fee
76561198033353849,Recommended,248390,23245546,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,BloodSpartan,Its good for the price
,Recommended,248390,13068854,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,DeadlyiCoN,One of the most addictive games I've ever played.
,Recommended,248390,23225420,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,chiffaa,Cool game
76561198024485368,Recommended,248390,13035858,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Draekz,"If you like terraria style games, you'll love this.. but its better imo because you dont ""control"" any single character! Love it~!"
76561198010839749,Recommended,248390,20819297,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Charming Taint Man,"Very addictive, very shallow game. Truely horrible AI, dwarves often caught doing extremely dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥ Still fun to play."
,Recommended,248390,30671360,Posted: 22 March,all,Sydney,Saw this game on a youtuber's channel and i absolutly adore it. You should get it if you like a minecraft-controling game. It is a really coll and new game.
,Recommended,248390,19689099,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,GGandhi,"Very fun game; if you like terraria, you will like this. Its not much like terraria, but i am a terraria addict, and i love this game.10/10"
,Not Recommended,248390,24528111,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Spookie NiggEE,Its not bad but I don't like it cause its to slow paced
,Recommended,248390,19800408,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,zabelkin,Enjoyable few hours of gameplay guaranteed :)
,Recommended,248390,13404521,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Pender [Fr],"Really great game, fun with a new way of playing.But the game is short and need more fun. i think add items or boss. And few ressources is really bad when u want craft all the map :("
76561197968571832,Recommended,248390,13178984,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Buzzkill,"Summary: Recommended, but with a BIG caveatI love the game, and won't bother extolling its virtues since they are described so thoroughly in many other reviews -- but beware of crashes!  I reached a point in one level where the game inevitably crashes, and there is absolutely nothing I can do to remedy it.  Every time I restart the game, it automatically reloads its auto-save (which it seems to create every 15 seconds or so), so it's always seconds away from blowing up again.  There's no way to go back to an earlier save point because there aren't any -- you can't manually save the game.  My only option is to restart the whole level, which means abandoning about 14 hours of gameplay.  I'm NOT replaying 14 hours of this or any game, so as much as I like it, this game is now effectively dead to me.The point being, unless the game NEVER crashes, you're going to find yourself in this same boat eventually.  If you can stomach that possibility, go ahead and buy this game, it's definitely a lot of fun."
76561198030909412,Recommended,248390,13514098,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,joemcdoug,"Great 2d crafting game.  Not very complex, but fun!"
,Recommended,248390,13470817,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Psyclonix,"This game is amazing and so much fun but i have enocuntered an issue where the game randomly crashed and when i opened it again, it was a black screen and because of me having a mac, there was no way to get out of the game without force shutting down your computer. i still havent been able to access the game but it is still worth it. i hope some day that the devs will fix this bug and make it able to swipe screens when you are playing. thank you"
76561197964253125,Recommended,248390,13175835,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Doctari,"This game is a blast.  I find myself thinking of the Hobbit and how things go awry when you dig too deeply.  Give it a shot, it's worth the money!"
,Recommended,248390,24265031,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Smitty,"This game is really fun. I enjoy the various amounts of things to do, while defending from monsters and annoying golbins. The craft system is really enjoyable. Good game overall.Just want there to be more and more updates with new enemies and new equipment. Keep up the good work!"
76561198050376101,Recommended,248390,24263838,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Fireseeker Temmie,"Love the game alot, its fairly casual and laid back (With its own intense moments) But there are some things that I would see changed.First off, I really love the DLC.  The woman-folk are awesome and sound cute.  Much better then the males sounds which sound somewhat...dorky.As for things I would change? The crafting system is the very first thing that comes into mind.  I understand the crafting table recipe thing but it just sorta feels really clunky.  You could have it so individual recipe's can just be made right away without having to put things together first (I think you can do that once you crafted at least once) but being able to do so right away would be better.  For instance, just have a 'materials needed' screen toggle, so that if a person wants to try to blindly make something by putting things in a recipee window, they still can.Next thing, and I would DEARLY love to see this, is a auto-equip feature.  Having your drawfs automatically equip the best armor that is avaliable instead of having to go through each dwarfs inventory would be great.  There could be further toggle abilities to include weapons, and for what type.  For instance, a toggle that lets your dwarf pick up their best fighting based items if they have skill in that type of weapon, so a Mage will automatically pick up mage stuff.   This could include tools as well.  To further complicate the coding, you could even have them auto-equip crafting tools whenever a particular dwarf goes to make something for you, since the ones chosen to craft seem to be fairly random.I would also love to see the ability to place down wall tiles in a large group, with more than one dwarf going for it if you shift-selected or something.All in all, these things do not break or even really hinder the game.  It only slows stuff down a tiny bit, and for some, micromanagement is a big plus, so its not even a negative for those people!I also look forward to the pets.  Hope there is some kind of tutorial for how to get them."
76561198049855229,Recommended,248390,8306117,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,sowleman,Very fun. Alpha atm but getting better every day.
76561198087814898,Not Recommended,248390,16725085,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,cody,do not buy the game i found out that if you sign into steam on another computer your worlds are gone and the other computers worlds are now on yours.
76561198078943514,Recommended,248390,13090047,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,pimpimpurin,"How can i get portal recipe ... I can't find any portal recipe in my inventory ... Did i do something wrong ? or it just a bug ? please help,Thanks."
,Recommended,248390,15993630,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Based Tre Flip,Pretty fun little clone of Dwarf Fortress.
,Recommended,248390,15718479,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,MK,"if you buy mana pots you can speed run it in a few hours each map.3mana pots cost 1G and you get 5 mana each pot, not 3 as my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mage make them...and you get 1-3gold each time you use explosion(10mana) and remember to collect (3mana)"
76561198167052960,Not Recommended,248390,16480448,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Lifepath,"I am quite motivated in giving this game a bad review.I hope i can help other people to be mislead like i was by the 90 % positive reviews.This game is boring and clunky.I think this kind of casual game could be nice to play : no pressure, just a pleasant relaxing game.But this one fails at this because the gameplay is not pleasant enough. you need to be crafting stuff all the time to advance and you can't take time to watch your dwarves and remain efficient at the same time.I don't think i'll open the game again. Even at low price, it is not worth my time/"
76561198065875895,Not Recommended,248390,16539420,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,A.S.,"I am a fan of succinct and to the point reviews. I will do my best to adhere to my own rules with this review.Pros:- Technology tree is awesome- Graphics are extremely well done (specifically the environment/textures/objects). Though I found the character sprites a bit on the cartoonish side (including the enemies - just a minor personal gripe).- Enough going on to keep you busy for several hours.- I loved the idea of an Altar/Shrine!Cons:- Crafting interface is unforgivable. You must drag and drop each instance of the resource required. WHAT? Whose idea was that?- Not enough to work towards (while my own time with this game was brief - I was able to get a good sense of this aspect by watching several in-depth YouTube reviews)- No risk/reward mechanism. You won't really die if a ginormous Zombie smacks you around and falls on you! I prefer challenge and some sense of realism!- The world needs to be much much bigger. Think Terraria sized worlds.- You can't truly take control over the characters. Sorry, I like full control Yes, I am a control freak when it comes to these kind of games.Overall I feel this game needs a lot of improvement to get it to where it needs to be.In the meantime I will get my fix by playing Terraria!"
,Recommended,248390,16578115,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,davidincostamesa,
76561198025730346,Recommended,248390,13225746,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,paniek,"really fun, a lot like teraria, but unlike ther creators try to tell you, its nothing like dwarf fortress"
,Not Recommended,248390,17338536,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,richiesaidohyea,"Starts off good, great even, but it takes a long time. Look at my play time and I'm still on level 1 *cries*.... *casts compass spell*... *digs for escape*"
76561198085533482,Recommended,248390,30375219,Posted: 7 March,all,pig_pirete,its mostly blockheads that actualy works only probllum is it nead to be bigger and the dwarfs are realy stupid but if you like mindless tedeus build the world for hours then ya buy this one
76561198039606803,Not Recommended,248390,17451823,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,TuxKamen,"I just couldn't get into it.  I thought it would be more steamworld dig, and less click, click, click, drag, drag, drag.  I spent an hour playing this game, and didn't move more than 12 squares in any direction.  It's just too doggone slow for me.I suppose sandbox means this is like minecraft and it's all about exploring the world, but I could use a LITTLE direction as to what to do.  Creating a shelter isn't particularly obvious, though it pesters me to do so for the time I played.  Intro mentions scaffolding to make larger buildings... Not sure where those are.It does look pretty though.I'm 34 with kids, I just don't have enough time to spend clicking things tediously."
76561198038946455,Not Recommended,248390,14315062,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Pius,"The game is fun, you tell I've enjoyed my time in the game because I have 400hrs of play time.  400hrs+ is no joke.  The problem I have is that the dev. team is non-existent, and the patches they release only seem to break the game further and further.  The game was literally better in the alpha stage early access than it is now.I highly recommend that anyone considering this game, go to the game's forums, and read some of the threads before purchasing this game.Other games have an active dev. team presence, and if there isn't so much of an ""active"" dev. team presence, they at least respond to some issues.  This game has ZERO dev. team presence.  ZERO.Then, after a month of complaining about the latest patch breaking the game, a forum mod suggest :#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorCould those of you, who thinks that dwarfs pathing is awful, send this saves to our emailsupport@dekovir.zendesk.com? And please, write on your mail what exactly is wrong.which means they don't even pay attention to the forum threads, and complaints."
,Recommended,248390,22493412,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Half W0lf,very fun!
76561198005972733,Recommended,248390,26165219,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Davetherave,Good game.
76561198136263108,Recommended,248390,26507869,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,_chimera,ayy datz prity goood i give it a 9 out of elavin
76561198007683294,Recommended,248390,16785015,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,NeonHaggis,"Great game for playing in short sessions. I keep coming back to it month after month, and the devs continue to patch and expand - well worth the money."
,Recommended,248390,14700338,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Amelyth,Love it :D
,Recommended,248390,13070245,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,darkoracle,"Awesome game, got my girlfriend so hooked she almost missed work :)Pro:Great Art StyleGenius mix of genresVery fun to playAddictiveCon:AI Needs some workEasy exploitsNo Multiplayer :(Addictive !!More than worth the price."
76561198011131828,Not Recommended,248390,17242996,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,[CGO] Ruppsrunt,Gets annoying fast.
76561197996762492,Recommended,248390,33917373,Posted: 30 July,all,Gott,"Excellent game, one of my all time favorites!"
,Not Recommended,248390,28691054,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,[Delta4o],"At first there weren't a lot of instructions or tutorial stuff on what to do. It took me a whole hour to figure out how to feed my dwarves (when I have to use a wiki in the first 2 hours of the game it's probably bad game design). Once I fed my dwarves and bought some beer I felt like I reached more than half of the game's potential.I played along but I never really got a good sense of what to do next. I had 8 dwarves, which sometimes felt like too many people but at the same time also felt like too few, I never really got a satisfying feeling of digging out a whole 6x6 section, because I was always using more and more ladders, or put back some materials in order to reach leftovers.you're essentially taking a block (and a backwall) from one spot and put it in another spot to build your shelter. The progression in the game is tracked by some kind of experience based research, in other words craft 20 chairs to reach the next tier, craft 10 beds, ect. It's never a logical progression since 8 of everything (except the 4 tables) requires a LOT of space. Space that you either have to dig out or build on the surface.I wish I could enjoy this game but I probably won't get a lot of satisfaction out of it, not like terraria or dungeon keeper"
,Recommended,248390,28652182,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,[lt] skarolis,A perfect waste of time.
76561197995398351,Recommended,248390,13090842,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,benperetz87,"Very addictive game, you have been warned!"
76561198242420402,Recommended,248390,33231892,Posted: 4 July,all,yetarlin,OMG!!! I love this game.  I literally just lose myself in it and play for hours without realizing any time at all has gone by.  A+++
76561198028846053,Recommended,248390,30859368,Posted: 31 March,all,masshold,Worth of your time!
76561198309182690,Recommended,248390,30913610,Posted: 2 April,all,aspie801,Great game. Very addictive. I can play for hours.
76561198261599326,Recommended,248390,30909895,Posted: 2 April,all,Descendence,awesome game
76561198000917712,Recommended,248390,12472165,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,DarknessEyes,Stars 3 of 5.The Good:* Alots of crafting recipes.* Very complex crafting system.* Tech tree.The Bad:* Dwarves AI is bugged.* Requires alots of clicks to craft.* You cant assign priority jobs.
76561198164968733,Not Recommended,248390,23947693,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Carloslink250,"There is no multiplayer in this world, it is in beta. The steam co-op is a misleading.U have to play around 3 hours until u can build something for multiplayer. buy thins on sale not worth the money. Also ther is a terrible AI"
76561198091474445,Recommended,248390,32899632,Posted: 27 June,all,galstore8642,This is a fun game to play.
76561198060355748,Recommended,248390,15718336,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Lexie Laochra (fuck osu),Why is this so addicting.
76561198069149462,Recommended,248390,26558059,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Thomas.ca,Awsome
76561198132034690,Recommended,248390,26565803,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,BevvieJ,Totally recommend!! Keep up the good work!! And please continue to work on the bug fixes and updates!!
76561197988032575,Not Recommended,248390,17099673,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Sleviron,Watching dwarves do dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥and eventually killing themselves..
76561197997463241,Recommended,248390,30054443,Posted: 20 February,all,Athena,good game
,Not Recommended,248390,9737319,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,John Madden,"My last review from 2014 was ""recommend"", but since then, nothing has changed. Game is no longer in development and has a lot of problems - bad AI that everyone mentioned became not only bad, but terrible. To play game in background after alt+tab I still need to edit config - is that so hard to add it to settings? No one updated that ridiculous grinding development tree. I just got revarded for my 10th gnome with bed of leaves - is that a joke?UPD: I never seen so ret*rted AI in any games I played. My gnomes dying all the time when I miss something."
,Recommended,248390,28444657,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,RukkY,addiction game. :)
76561198163519379,Recommended,248390,28434124,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Eustache,This game is awesome!!!DUDE!!!
76561197987772532,Recommended,248390,32191564,Posted: 4 June,all,sensej.pl,Great game !!
,Not Recommended,248390,13954506,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,sarancha,"Not repeat playable.Not enough contents than Terraia.More expensive price than Terraia.If you like a game like this and you don't have Terraria, you had better purchase Terraria.If there was no existing Terraria earlier, this game is number one. but It's not."
76561198030802091,Recommended,248390,14009878,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Sargon,"I highly recomomend this game, it will keep you entertained for hours."
,Not Recommended,248390,16112044,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Edelweiß,"Really bad game, but you'd be forgiven for thinking that it might be anything decent. The game does have pretty good presentation and art, but the actual gameplay is probably not what you're expecting.Personally I was thinking that this might be like dwarf fortress, but it has nothing to do with management. It's more like a 2D horde survival game where you don't control the characters directly, and you exploit the surrounding countryside for stuff to craft into tools or weapons or even blocks.Every night a horde of undead will try to assault your holdings. It does sound fun maybe, but there's just too many  restrictions put into place. You can't place traps and since you can't control your dwarfs directly you pretty much end up staring at them mucking about trying to exploit or fight for you.The game is very slow paced which might be neither good or bad depending on what type of player you are, but you're probably going to feel that there's just not a lot of interesting things for you to do in the game. It's simply a boring, boring game. If you're a migrating DF player like me - then I definitely don't recommend this game. If you however are looking for a very slow paced 2D shooteresque game with light management elements in it - then this might be for you. Regardless I don't give this my personal recommendation."
76561197970293432,Not Recommended,248390,11580117,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Abecedarius Rex,"Until they add a button that allows you to automatically add the ingredients to a recipe after you have successfully crafted it (or some other similarly assistive feature), I cannot recommend it. It is such a carpal tunnel click fest."
,Not Recommended,248390,31282369,Posted: 21 April,all,PETE,Everything was good until... they put DLC that was meant to be release with the core game.Sorry but thats a huge no no...
76561198133110963,Not Recommended,248390,34016981,Posted: 4 August,all,Saipanwarrior,"Abandoned game, lame updates that dont change much"
,Not Recommended,248390,10936911,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Darkpuresnow,"Looking at the trailer, which played at ""light speed"" mode, made a good impression on me that the game looks fun.Here is my little tales after picking up the game, played it for an hour.And the first bad thing I notice is the said game speed itself.I don't mind much the dwarfs working so slooowwwwly. But the pacing of their movements leave a bad taste in my mouth. Imagine buying iron ores from the shop, which was 2 screens away, which I didnt expect the bought items to drop on the floor like that. Now I'd have to wait.... for certain worker to decide that ""OH THERE ARE SOMETHING I COULD PICK UP THERE"", then wait for a few more minutes for them to walk, again, slowly. to the shop. pickup items. ""OH, the bag is full, I should go back""...... Then after arriving at the base, it'd have been night, which I'd have to lock the house for the safe of the party.The night was passed by, slowly, something like  5 or more minutes of unable to do anything.... because it was night time, with peril monsters and ghost wondering around. I really wished I could dig down the house to do something below... but it was not possible due to the prohibition during the night. Ah, well, zzzzzzzzzz............the new dawn has come, with the light of the sun, the darkness was gone. The dwarfs went out on their journey. I hoped for them to go and take the ore I had bought yesterday.... but NO. They like the woods and stones dropped nearby, so they all went in another direction, slowly, to get something I dont really need at the time, without a way for me to say ""HEY YOU RED, GO THERE!""And thus I closed the game... hoping the bad cloud in my mind would dissappear when I went back for the game, one more time, some time.Maybe.Hopefully.At the current state, I'd not recommeneded the game to anyonem looking for some Terraia HD. I shall see again after some more updates from devs....."
,Recommended,248390,13023200,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,GusDeCooL,"Very interesting game if you like playing sandbox game with multi characters to control.This game is well build, there's in-game tutorial, so you will know what you should do."
76561198286380078,Not Recommended,248390,28554941,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,jojojay.martin,"way to grindy after a few hours. half of this technology that i have to wade through adds nothing to the game, it just waste my time."
76561197977946719,Not Recommended,248390,8690227,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,brianwilson451,"Great idea, but as with most early access... lots of problems.  Biggest issue for me was pathing.  I would have guys within one or two blocks of both the supply table and the place I wanted to build with yet was given the signal that the worker couldn't find a path.  Made it damn near impossible to make a shelter."
,Not Recommended,248390,10010972,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Chili,The idea for a good dwarf fortress game is there but the crafting system is atrocious and since it's the central part of the game the game as a whole plays poorly. Before a (much!) better crafting system is put into place no fun is to be had.
76561197971125982,Recommended,248390,13073602,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,(PT) Jesuvara,Nice gameBeen playing since beta startedGood team that made LOTS of improvementLike this game
,Recommended,248390,23311278,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Sleazy Ninja,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dOjdW9_BxmwTl;dr;Not a bad game, but somewhat slow en tedious on the crafting level. Darf AI isn't too great either with them getting stuck or just left clueless often. Multiplayer is a true grief-fest, but what did you want? Fun to play if you can live with its flaws.----------------So it's all about crafting a world for you dwarves. They have opened a portal which only had the power to transport 1 brave pioneer into your playfield and depend on your guidance to prosper and thrive. That is, if you can hold off the forces of evil that come out every night and every 45 minutes (the Devil sure is punctual).To do so you need to gather resources by clicking on them. After that your eager dwarves will mine or hack away and carry the stuff back to the stockpile where it can be used to craft new items/base decorations/fortifications/food/...Sadly not all dwarves are born with an Einstein level intellect so you will be wondering why 1 of them (let's call him Toby) is always doing the exact opposite of what you want. Be prepared to bail Toby out a lot with portals, scaffolding and ladders.Building the actual shelter is pretty basic and not too refreshing. The only real notable thing is the aura of the ""Totem"". The more comfort you give the dwarves, the larges their base will become. Which in turn gives you more space for more dwarves.You get new darves by leveling up through crafting, completing tasks and combat. It somehow makes it feel too much like a mobile game by doing this, but then again every other comparable game does it... Leveling is pretty fast in the beginning but slows down incredibly after lvl 10, however the monster waves don't.So you day to day management will be:-  gather resources- craft what you need for new technologies- give dwarves new items- expand baseSounds like a lot of fun? Well it is in the beginning... but after a while you need to craft 100 fancy chairs just to be able to pass on to Steel armour. It makes no sense to me, uses up a lot of resources and especially slows things down dramatically. The first ""easy"" world will take quite a while to complete, even with cheats...And then there's multiplayer... for the love of God or Buddha or whoever you wish to believe in, do it with friends or alone. Chances are random players will screw you over beyond belief sending you right back to your tedious crafting without any reward whatsoever.So all in all I want to really like the game for its ideas and just because I love the genre, but I'm stuck just barely liking it because some things can be too frustrating. If you can get it on a decent sale then don't doubt, otherwise there are better alternatives."
76561198045503284,Not Recommended,248390,13475894,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,max.savenkov,"Craft The World looks very nice, but unfortunately, it wasn't what I was looking for. It possesses the same problem which caused me to abandon attempts to play Terraria: there is simply too little complexity in game's world, so in the end procedural stories do not quite happen.Quite simply, CtW isn't ""simplified Dwarf Fortress"", but rather ""Terraria with Somewhat Indirect Control"". While you (usually) do not take direct control of any single dwarf (although there is such an option, and it's often helpful), your dwarves show very little signs of thinking for themselves. They have no mental model like those of DF, and they certainly seem far more simple than, say, heroes in old Majesty game. Watching them is plainly boring, because they rarely do things for themselves, but only hurry to complete tasks you set for them, idling or sleeping when there is nothing to do.Also, this is a game about DWARVES where said dwarves do not quite care for BEER and only brew it for a very slight food value at high level of technology. WTF?!I guess CtW isn't a BAD game per se. Maybe it suits someone who likes management games, or something else which I don't like. I would refrain from marking my review as positive or negative if I could. Just don't expect it, like I did, to see an independently living world in it.On a positive side, I must remark that this game is REALLY beautiful, and sound of birdsong is very nice too :)"
76561198007009305,Not Recommended,248390,23957979,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,AuzzieDevil,"Useless tutorial, Just don't what I am doing. Dwarves won't eat, Sleep they are dying on me and I can't help them."
76561198059104967,Recommended,248390,13153614,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Serg,For the last 3 days iv been playing this game since I started iv restarted the game over 20 times due to ♥♥♥♥♥♥ spawns and just getting killed over and over again other than the cluster ♥♥♥♥ of a tech tree making you make a bunch of unnecessary crap that you spent so hard trying to get resources if there is anything I would fix about this game it would be the Tech Tree being able to build a house before the first wave is like a race to the restarting the game witch makes the game a little stressful to play until you get your shelter fully complete other than that the game is great super addicting since iv been playing iv gotten 3 of my friends to buy it over all 8/10 just fix that tech tree and we got a solid 10/10 great job on the game
,Recommended,248390,13216667,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Pepper Boy,"I love this game, it's one of the best buys i've done in a while. It feels familiar if you've played Civilization and any 2D game (e.g Starbound or Terraria) but it has a unique twist on it, which I love!"
76561198134487166,Recommended,248390,13141814,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,AR,"Good game overall, but gets boring quite quickly"
76561197999318163,Not Recommended,248390,22737677,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Kwandy,Game would be great if it didnt glitch all the time and knock me out of the game.  The enemies get stuck oscillating in place and then the game crashes.  I cant even connect and play with a friend together it wont allow it. Either it locks me up or it throws me out of the game.  Have tried to re download the game but no help there.
76561198042913113,Recommended,248390,12855088,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,caidicus,"This game is really a lot of fun. I would love to play it in multiplayer, sadly it doesn't have multiplayer.Fortunately, that's about the only negative I could say about it, and really, it's not a real negative as it's just something I would like, not something that ""should"" be there.As for a gameplay experience, it is a very fulfilling experience, and is an overall rewarding experience.As a Surface Pro 3 owner, it is also super cool that it also works flawlessly on the tablet.If you're on the fence about this game, I would say you'll easily get your money's worth from it.It's a lot of fun."
76561198113056062,Recommended,248390,13059797,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,VintagePetrol,Similar to Terraria and the likes but so far the best I have seen of these types of games; especially liked the tech tree.
,Recommended,248390,13062766,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,CreativeBlitz,Very pleased but I feel it could use some tweaking.-Not happy with skill tree progression rate (Too Slow)-The waves eventualy become slaughters as the portals never seem to close allowing in 100+ monsters at a time.-Dwarfs can be stupid running into battle with less than half a heart left instead of running away and healing.-Graphics are awesome-I have not encountered any game breaking bugs so far
76561198076264543,Recommended,248390,13059486,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,[ML] Deathreus,"If Terraria, Minecraft and Castle Story had a 2d baby, it would be this game. This game is just making it so hard to not play, you can lose so many hours into this game.The mechanics are a little clunky, but that's to be expected from an early access game. If I had to nitpick, the options menu is lacking, missing graphics and control options. There's no help to the controls when controlling the Drawfs, which is the feature I enjoyed, to be able to jump from being the god they follow every order of, to being one of the Dwarfs, just I found myself having to let him go to do some simple tasks."
76561197985108531,Recommended,248390,12860452,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,CptRich,"Terraria as RTS Game, I like this!Keep going devs!"
76561198255593823,Recommended,248390,23482246,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,BananaProbablyFructa,It's a very cool game
,Recommended,248390,30916252,Posted: 2 April,all,"Lord-""veilus"" LvG","Craft the World is an amazing game, has funny mechanics, great gameplay and pretty much infinite playtime, I recommend for people who like sandbox with some challenge (the monster waves). It offers ton of content to explore and new mechanics often with updates, worth the buy."
,Not Recommended,248390,9833094,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Сarn,Strait tech tree - to achive smth useful you need to craft nonsence.Game can quit occasionly. And bugs.
76561197967435538,Not Recommended,248390,12278163,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Awac,"The game is actually pretty good but it is shamed by its clunky interface. You have to single drag every ingridient into the crafting system, every time. Its such a paint in the♥♥♥♥♥ Also to place items you need to drag and drop to your small hotbar.This game have UI designed for a smartphone or tablet. Drag drop crafting very very quickly loose its novelty, and after that its just a chore."
76561198105951248,Not Recommended,248390,24332390,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,JEFF,don't buy this game if you don't like lags and bugs because this game has a lot of them everytime i open the crafting menu for some unknown reason my fps drops from 60 to 30 for abolutely no reason and the same goes when i want to equip the dwarf something. and i have one of the best computers and it's still doing this like WTF
,Recommended,248390,11438889,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,G2 Extaasi ツ,"Now your asking ur self, are you gonna buy it or not?I got same proplem... but, i made right choice :)"
,Not Recommended,248390,31161625,Posted: 15 April,all,The Emperor,You have to pay for multiplayer.
,Recommended,248390,13308601,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,zackattack27,Great game!  I wish you could group dwarves and assign specific tasks to those groups.  But other then that I like this game a lot.
,Not Recommended,248390,13344131,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,SilverJade,This game crashes ALL THE TIME. I run the OSX version and it just craps up every 5min. Completely useless.
,Not Recommended,248390,21391944,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,THICC BUTT,">""Try multiplayer now!"">Bought 2 copies to play multiplayer with my brother.>Spend 20 minutes trying to figure out how to play multiplayer>Discover that the multipalyer hasn't even been added to the game yet1/101 point because I got both copies refunded"
,Recommended,248390,22991983,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Dragon_Tamer,Eh.
,Not Recommended,248390,10826840,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,DemiPlume,"Wait for the game to be completed.The game really has potential... right now the ai is just too dumb. After 10 hours into each map, I can tell you a full squad of dwarf climbing down walls into a deep pit... just to fall to their own death to fight one lonely spider, when there is a ladder to climb down... it gets old after a while. And that moment where all my dwarves were stuck using an elevator going up and down without going to their destination ( Ive read there is a patch for elevator, might be fixed ). Also that moment where a monster wave wiped my dwarves clean after 15 hours of play in the map... because of a patch to make the waves harder! Woo.Its an addictive innovative game. Slow, frustrating often, but fun. Just wait when it will be complete for better experience~!"
76561197967802920,Not Recommended,248390,13723499,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,kLosD.KaxkeTT,FIX THE DWARF AI!!! I even got my girl to play this with me I wanted so badly for it to work but sadly as you progress it just becomes a big steaming pile of crap that you spent way too many hours on.
76561198121775240,Recommended,248390,13173487,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,SaintKrauss,"I've played craft the world for quite a bit, it requires a fare understanding of the AI from the user before one can get good at the combat system. Don't expect to be leveling your dwarves right away if you're new, they WILL die sooner or later. I've been playing sandbox mode and the game has somewhat a procedural method of dropping plans, after three tries, it appears that one major flaw of sandbox mode is that it doesn't drop things in order. So I found myself mining forever before I could actually craft some items that really mattered.Overall though, the difficulty is good enough. Not too hard, not too easy. I like the game, but there is a lot of room for improvement."
76561197964881017,Recommended,248390,13168764,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,BaumPfeil,"so much fun, regular patches, read other reviews for more information. i just wanted to recommand ;)"
76561198128628339,Recommended,248390,13078883,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,ey fuk u mang,It has Dwarves 10/10
,Not Recommended,248390,32495963,Posted: 16 June,all,Wudini,"Spent hours with this game and could not figure out how to build a Shelter (one of the very first objectives). Incredibly frustrating. Began googling for help, forums are filled with many other people also stuck. Incredibly frustrating building game with no in-game help if you get stuck. Do not recommend."
,Recommended,248390,25442466,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,The Legendary Tibs,In Soviet Russia you don't craft world. World crafts you!10/10 Would be over used meme again.
,Recommended,248390,25126122,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Tanker49er,Great game!!!
,Recommended,248390,13068885,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Dresden,Very Very good game!!!!! 5+.
76561198017601530,Recommended,248390,24962462,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,XC Rotten,"awsome game! simple but very fun,lost track of time while playing!!!"
76561197970695258,Recommended,248390,33237947,Posted: 4 July,all,Bassolow,I LIKE THIS GAME IT IS SO GOOD YOU HAVE TO LIKE IT PLEASE LIKE IT I LIKE IT
76561198035448316,Recommended,248390,8370780,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,bluecontrol479,"This game is great and gets patches and updates all the time, its a ton of fun building a dwarf empire and all. Its a little too easy later on in the game but so much more to come that will fix that."
,Recommended,248390,10590977,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,nonplayercat,reel gud gaem
76561198089349157,Recommended,248390,13056134,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Dunk Master Flex,"It's a great game, but there are a few small problems that become a bit annoying.The most annoying thing is dwarf AI. Slowly, though, they are getting updated.Really that's my only problem, other than you can't assign dwarves jobs.Overall, this game is so cool, the graphics are cute, the gameplay is fun, it's just a positive expeirence."
76561197993602019,Recommended,248390,13057281,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,LabR@,"This is (currently) an alpha?  Ok maybe the dwarves can be a little dumb, but this game has sucked my time dry and shows no sign of missing parts like the usual alphas.  The learning curve is about an hour and then the addiction lasts a lifetime.  Great for tower defense gamers and those into the indie awesomenessthat is out there.  A truly well spent game and a gem of a play.  And it's an alpha so we can expect more intelligence from the dwarves later? Definetely intelligence from the dev's.  Highly recommeded."
,Recommended,248390,17063751,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,the_lotus,"Played a bit, it's fun."
,Recommended,248390,13109390,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,FartMcCool,"28 hours and i'm not about to stop playing.if you enjoyed Terraria and want to scratch that same (or similar) itche, go ahead, you can't go wrong ! *but* it's less actiony.it's just a great game. got it for 8$, can't go wrong at that price."
76561198029151838,Not Recommended,248390,20724539,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,CoSm1c gAm3r,"Game with lots of insanelly annoying bugs.Also game have cheating mode already in the game. One freaking dwarf under controll of a player can move way faster than normal, build everything without walking to supply spot where AI controlled dwarfs must go every time to get needed items!!!!This is stuplidly silly casual or should I say reta*d mode for pathetic players that need cheating implemented in game to be able to beat it! Stupidly dumb made game!AI cannot use its advantages like distance. In many cases when they can attack from high ground like 2 blocks down they instead in some percentage will go down even if they have long range weapon like staff or bow :)Creator of this game have no logic at all. Economy is totally dumb :0Iteams in shop are way cheaper than buying needed resources and creating them on your own! Resources needed are priced such way that it would be higher price to make iteams on your own. WHAT?!New features like unocuppied dwarfs that make stuff in shelter they make it for free. All is needed is that in tech tree such object is unlocked for example better beds. They will make them FOR FREE! Same with food no resources are needed if dwarf make it on his own LOLThere is simple way to beat rats. Exploit ;)Build earth where they stand and they are killed like snails. Also build anything in the base and dont leave any free spot that will make nest spawn impossible.Retardness of dwarves can make player go mad!AI is pathetic!! They can fall into huge holes just like they would not see that hole in bright light. In many cases when player use button for returning to shelter they stand and get beating from enemies! Player need to turn it of and on to make them move. Or commanding them to go to sleep is also bugged I need to spam go to sleep button so dumb dwarf with almost no HM is forced by me to go to sleep othervise if I am not spamming that button or shortcut ""r"" then if they are attacked by enemy they engage. So stupid! They stand in spot and get beating while nor teacting to beating or repeatedly command to go to sleep! That game can make player mad with those idiotic bugs and idiotic game features.Author with every patch adds new bugs to replace old fixed ones. For example in newest patch with new animations and dwarfs graphics (totally unnecessary!) dwarfs turbo chat with each other and can slide on their feet while chatting :D"
,Recommended,248390,23360424,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Alexandru Visinescu,"Great game, Can't wait for futher updates"
76561198029615366,Recommended,248390,8617330,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Jolly,Very fun and addictive game that's in excellent shape for an early access.
76561198052554904,Not Recommended,248390,30667187,Posted: 22 March,all,supermom28115,tried all the fixes in discussion still cant get it to work. I am tired of buying games that will not work correctly in windows 10.
,Not Recommended,248390,9750544,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,The Necron,"idk how it will turn out, but currently its definently not worth the money, its lack of total advancement and massive bugginess definently outwiegh the generally good idea, a good free game, definently not a good 15 dollar one. EDIT: @soviet, its linear gameplay in general makes it not really very indie so once its beaten it actually has very small replay chance, the game has a very slow advancement to begin with so its easy to get bored while playing, the lack of complex combat or mining doesnt help. I dont think you understand how buggy this game actually is, half the time your dwarfs totally fail to do the job set out/get stuck in a wall. on the off chance that it doesnt bug out and you actually harvest the item you will 30% of the time fail to pick it up,  the problem isnt so much that the GAME  is just terrible as the fact that you must pay $15 for a game that is totally unfinished, i dont mind beta testing but this game should not be pay-to-play"
76561197974267697,Not Recommended,248390,34440151,Posted: 23 August,all,Silnox,"Every game lasts a lot of hours of just grinding, is annoying..."
,Recommended,248390,13142017,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,ay lmao im jus tryna KNIT boi,I tried to pull fish from a rock and it worked.10/10 would fish rocks again.
76561198206342757,Not Recommended,248390,26276652,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Circle of Copper,Having a wipe your progress button on the the pause menu was a great idea 10/10.
,Recommended,248390,29757075,Posted: 7 February,all,Paralell,Love it!
,Not Recommended,248390,31453198,Posted: 29 April,all,Drake Skaletta,"Interesting concept, till you realize it a port of a phone game with all the things in place for the microtransactions without the microtransactions."
76561197972018229,Recommended,248390,13048666,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,CPU - Standard,Perfectly simulates the addictive nature of herion without the terrible health impact. I will need someone to stop me from playing at some point. Excellent game.
,Recommended,248390,13153937,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Cheerilee,i really like this game it remind me of dungoe keeperand terraira :)very fun game and hard but wroth the money and time play this game
76561198046413002,Recommended,248390,13132534,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,wilmeister7,Fun and engaging.  No dull moments.  I highly recommend this game.
76561198254671980,Recommended,248390,35431147,Posted: 2 October,all,Sophie,"This Game Is A Great Game For People Who Enjoy Intense Games!But I Have One ProblemWhen I Play This Game I Realise That There Is A DLC To Get Girl Dwarves As Well As Pets,As A Girl I Find This Offensive I Shouldn't Have To Use 2.99$ To Get Girl Dwarves,I Ask You To Make The DLC Only For Pets And Not For Dwarves(So Yes I Am Calling The Creators Of Craft The World Sexist!)-SophieP.S I Did BuySisters In Arms!"
76561198014013844,Not Recommended,248390,28577990,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Solan,IT's an okay game.. but it get's borring really quickly.   If you like side scrollers and 'builder' style games.. then ya.. it's for you.  I wouldn't pay more than $5 if I had to do it again.
76561198036994018,Recommended,248390,22988646,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Kaskoril,Good game.
,Not Recommended,248390,16427906,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,QP,"Awkward control scheme quickly killed any potentail enjoyment here. Tutorial doesn't really show you too much. After a few attempts, not even able to scroll properly on the screen,  I gave up."
,Not Recommended,248390,13513243,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Ariurotl,"Decent game, but not for me. Too much micromanagement, inadequate tutorial and a tower defence aspect just tacked on because tower defence is a THING these days."
,Recommended,248390,25469462,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,maxrex100,i realy like this game it's one of my top 10 all gamesi do recommend itit have a nice desgin and a great artrealy cool game and i hope to see more great updates to this game
,Not Recommended,248390,17058320,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Teknikbanken,"Very disapointing... Just feels like a touchscreen game, frustrating controls.. Would not recommend!"
,Recommended,248390,9728010,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Rico2,Shutup and play.
,Not Recommended,248390,27098074,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BILL IS DEAD,"you have to click and drag items when you craft, so tedious for a management game.  Sorry I don't like pointless features in a game, uninstalled."
,Not Recommended,248390,20636894,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,peppage,Unfortunately this game is too slow to be interesting. It also has a lot of mobile tendencies that do not translate to the PC.My main gripe is that you need to drag recipe ingredients over the first time to craft. It's needlessly slow and once your ingredients list gets a lot larger it's harder to find them.I say skip it entirely as this is probably not the game you're looking for. It has a lot of good ideas that just fall flat.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQMgNUsSf9I
,Not Recommended,248390,23790209,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Bigosaur,"Bought 3 copies to play multiplayer. The current way it's done is absurd. I want to play the co-op game from the start, not when everything is built. Great game otherwise, but I have to leave a negative review because of this MP problem. Perhaps devs. will fix this after they see enough negative reviews like this one."
76561198002904923,Not Recommended,248390,15592349,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Onix night,Definetly sucks me into a world Filled with collecting..... It's really not a bad game.
76561198069350974,Not Recommended,248390,30187721,Posted: 25 February,all,[Avanic]Micknis,This is stupid at the begining in order to make walls for a house you have to make tourches but it wont let you do wtf do you do?!?!?!?
,Recommended,248390,30534541,Posted: 15 March,all,Oshino_id,good game
76561198054808770,Not Recommended,248390,17609771,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,jimbox114,Horrible controls and tedious gameplay.  Wish I hadn't bougth this game
76561198031777870,Recommended,248390,13048022,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Terry,"You have to see this one. Whoever you are, whatever games you like.It's fun, it's deep, it's rich and it's almost for free."
76561198099058995,Recommended,248390,13049833,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,BATMAN,Awesome game. Needs some added functionality but otherwise very entertaining.
76561198011657297,Recommended,248390,30654041,Posted: 21 March,all,Scorpion,Fun game :)
76561198006674371,Recommended,248390,13145684,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,앗 ↣ 붓,Extremely well made game. Hours and hours of fun. Well worth the money!
76561198159927203,Recommended,248390,13150665,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,olly_e,Worth a Buy
76561198007807564,Recommended,248390,16036056,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Drunetovich,"If dwarf fortress is too complex for your liking, this is a game that makes things as fun but much simpler. I spent many hours playing this)"
76561198016277251,Not Recommended,248390,32086611,Posted: 31 May,all,AlexMBrennan,"""Crafting system"" is taken from a bad F2P mobile ""game"". ""Soundtrack"" is a cacophony of overlapping/simultaneously triggered tracks. It might be possible to fix these issues, but there are better F2P mobile games around."
76561198036713503,Not Recommended,248390,15283265,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,happyscrub,Crafting is WAY too repetative
,Recommended,248390,19344241,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,IēsoúsChristosIsKyriosTheós,Just beat level 1 after playing 29 hours. Started playing 2 days ago. Definitely fun!!!
76561198004608407,Not Recommended,248390,32447004,Posted: 15 June,all,TwoStepsFromHell,It's allright and all but I won't recommend it until borderless windowed mode is implemented.
,Not Recommended,248390,34385357,Posted: 20 August,all,Squatch,very poor game for its price
76561198144643282,Recommended,248390,26605530,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,forsakenneel,HI I absolutely love this game definitely worth the buy in my opinion
,Not Recommended,248390,20285172,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,[P0D]Botmann(88),"If you like oldschool hardcore games like Dwarf Fortress, Terraria and Dungeon Keeper you most likely will not enjoy this game from the very main menu itself. This game looks like it was made for the target audience of casual players that play browser and/or mobile games."
76561198014647522,Recommended,248390,29614642,Posted: 31 January,all,Chazman401,Great if your into a knock off of minecraft (tararia)7.5/10
,Recommended,248390,13020475,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,ĹǬŘĐ ǬƑ ἎŞǤÃŘĐ,لعبة جيدة  تستحق سعرها
,Not Recommended,248390,8532642,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,NotForHumanUse,"Played the games for some hours and had fun playing it. Despite that I would not recommend this game (at this development stage) as the game has a steep learning curve compared to other games. In a regular game nowadays you will get the time to learn step by step what you need, how to get it, etc. In this game it is all trial and error. As the game is still being developed I hope that the developers will choose to make some changes to make it more ""builder"" friendly.The game revolves around getting building materials and getting increasing access to more advanced buildings. Before the first night falls, you will at least need a basic shelter to not get your dwarves killed right away. The way the game incrementially intoduces you to new buildings and craftable objects is good as you will not get overwhelmed by the possibilities (which are huge). With every object built you unlock the next object.Besides the building the game lets you also encounter enemies. As these enemies already come at the first night, there is no opportunity to relax and take your time to build a fort or solid defense. As you play the game more often you will find it easier to know how to quickly get the resources you need. One of the resources I have been lacking quite often is wood.All things considered I'm in the middle of rating it positive or negative. At the current stage it is slightly negative but I'm confident that the developers will sway my vote to positive with some slight changes to game mechanics."
,Recommended,248390,12649917,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Sae,Great game
76561198006122695,Recommended,248390,31671224,Posted: 10 May,all,│BE│Cruuz__™,gg
76561197982567490,Not Recommended,248390,31517489,Posted: 2 May,all,Nathaniel Prime,"In this game, you indirectly control a group of dwarves as they fend off monsters, expand their fortress, and dig for rare minerals. Or at least, that is what is supposed to happen. Before I could ever recommend this game, it would need -serious- polish form the developers. The dwarf AI is so bad that it spends more than half the time in the ""confused"" action. They will drop what they have to sprint across the map, walk into molten lava, and ""run"" from enemies by dashing into a wall in a room full of even more dangerous enemies. I also just had a map I had spent many hours on corrupted beyond repair by joining a friend whose computer crashed. There are several just generally bad design choices too - you get experience for fighting, but not for damage your traps do. You get one mana (out of possible hundreds) every few minutes.As things stand, your dwarves are just too damn stupid for this game to be worth it."
76561198024562205,Recommended,248390,13001700,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Simple Sausage,This is a great game.  It makes my tummy feel all silly inside when I play it.
76561198079885934,Not Recommended,248390,16451164,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,GameKitten,"This game is heavy on the negative aspects of the game. Half the dwarves don't do what they are suppose too and it is one buggy mess. I love this style of game, but only when it has rewards for completing steps and not so much negative impact on your game.  The AI is a bit stupid and pathing is wonky. Maybe be worth 5 dollars at best.  I no longer play or care about this game or their developers."
,Recommended,248390,13118395,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,smartywoot,Don't genreally review games but I liked this one
,Not Recommended,248390,32747495,Posted: 24 June,all,Nuke Master 0,"Once you get to the desert land world then the game is way too impossiable to play as the DAMN TIMER IS ON why can't we disable that thing as it ""Makes the game funnier and harder"" my♥♥♥♥♥it's way too hard for that crap should have never bought this crap in the first place.If you enjoy being kicked around and the hardships of this game then sure get it but on a sale not worth $19"
76561198023002932,Recommended,248390,17221571,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,cripple,Git gud or Git ded m8
76561197983825843,Recommended,248390,12832341,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,bubblesrkw,Very fun game with interesting game play.
76561197995000306,Not Recommended,248390,24190340,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,earlb,"Lots of potential, but they screwed it up... play factorio, see what it should be like."
,Recommended,248390,17318548,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Ankido,"""Don't judge a game you've never played""  or ""Don't judge a game by photos""I've seen this game surface on steam and never quite saw any interest given by the pictures.  Why I never went to youtube to see what the game was about is beyond me.  Craft The World is by far the most addictive game I've come across since Plants vs Zombies (1), Field Runners and Prison Architect.  I woke up one morning, played all day and night around the clock till 6am.  That's how addictive this game is.  The whole minecraft, side scroller/builder is awesome.  I never thought something like this would be so much fun.  Albeit it needs more updates with bugs and a few new ideas; this game is amazing.  I can't say much about it.  For $10, it's a damn steal.  You must try this game without asking questions.Remember, Cash shop is not pay to win, to gather water you need buckets in your inventory and just click on the water and choose gather or fish.  Just a couple of stuff I came across I couldn't figure out and felt stupid how much of a common sense it was.5/5"
,Recommended,248390,33036395,Posted: 30 June,all,Molion,game was♥♥♥♥♥♥but ok not that good but still now badd
76561198013203113,Recommended,248390,13070318,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,the hitman,"2D dungoen ceeper, teraria hibrid. must paly"
76561198030790086,Not Recommended,248390,11681585,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,verminking,tech tree is in a terrible order. clunky ui
76561198137706713,Recommended,248390,12668269,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Wahala,Nice game. A good amount of playing time.
76561198048434394,Recommended,248390,12840580,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,najitaka,Minecraft with the seven dwarves.  Less annoying and more fun.
76561198066322985,Recommended,248390,12664666,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Robert,Absolutely sensational game.
76561197994291426,Not Recommended,248390,21654787,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Vizionary,Don't do it
76561198146973190,Not Recommended,248390,28869430,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ZecasaurusYT,♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME ITS SO♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197978782798,Not Recommended,248390,18153497,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Corvus Dove,"Have you ever wanted to be suckered into buying a mobile device game on your PC?  Are you tired of the subtle humor and gameplay for all ages in things like Terraria and looking for something that will give you tedium and a complete lack of control?  Craft The World is the game for you!Gone are the days where you have to do all that pesky mining yourself in a matter of seconds!  Gone are the days where your construction is in an open world and the universe is your oyster!  Imagine, for a moment, some of the greatest games in strategy platformer gaming history.  The Lemmings. The Humans.  Now imagine all of the aspects of those games that made you want to pull your hair out, and here we are!I picked this up because Steam recommended it because Terraria.   This has paid off before..Starbound, Edge of Space, etc.  This game plays nothing like those.  Instead, you have command of a dwarf or two and give them commands to build stuff and harvest resources.  What shows that this was originally a mobile game?  You wait.  And wait.  Then there's more waiting.   In 10 minutes I had done 5 things.  3 of those were in another window.  I'm not sure why this was so highly recommended, as my opinion of this game is that it is microtransaction tripe ported to PC with all of the appeal of recycled laxatives."
76561198098450112,Recommended,248390,14275975,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Dark Divinity,"SEX!Huzah!  Now I have your attention.As far as God-simulators go, this game is pretty awesome.  The game has a surprising amount of depth and a creative sandbox mode once you complete the 3 level campaign which adds to the fun.  The campaign consists of 3 levels: first is a small forest setting, the second is a medium sized snow setting, and the last is a large desert, each getting more difficult to pass.  Don't be fooled by the few levels though, each one has taken me upwards of 10 hours each to finish.Over the course of a game, you have to start with nothing much like other creation games such as Minecraft, and build your way up from nothing by gathering everything from dirty to iron, gold, and eventually Mithril.  Using these gathered resources, you traverse a large tech tree, each category allowing you to build more items ranging from decoration for your home to weapons and armor.The game will pique your interest quick and hold your attention for a long time.  With that said, once you beat the campaign and do a sandbox mode or two, you start to notice and exploit things like how to efficiently mine, find gold or skill books, and how to cheese the invading zombies (I will not reveal that here.)  Once this happens, you (or at least I did) will get bored quickly.  The novelty for me wore off literally halfway through a game one day, and I just quit.The Good:1-Great crafting system2-Challenging combat (not at first, but the longer you stay in game, the more enemies come out to ransack you)3-very fun spellunking system4-hours upon hours of fun per level5-quests give you both direction and rewardThe Bad:1-Once you've discovered combat and mining exploits, the game loses most of its fun and challenge2-Even the largest maps are pretty small, taking maybe only 25% more time to finish than the smallest3-Enemy waves happen only once every 50 minutes (25 minutes if you have the game speed set to 2x)4-weapon and armor improvements are WAY down the tech tree, so you have inferior gear against large waves if you dont move fastAll in all, the game is a great way to burn a lot of hours, especially for how cheap it is.  being under $20 means that as long as you enjoy it for at least 10 hours, it was well worth it, and I promise you will get a lot more than that out of it."
76561198057215003,Not Recommended,248390,12391410,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,*****,"Really like the game, 220 hours. Nice diversion and building potential. Hope they fix some dwarf issues, such as distance from base, for long paths dwarves will take their building material go part of the way and then turn around back to base. Would also be nice to have the option to turn off hourly monster invasions.Good to spend some time, but not a keeper. Had to stop playing due to these issues."
,Not Recommended,248390,8439446,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,APOCALANCE,"For the $10 I spent, it was a great buy, however that doesn't explain how sad it was when I crossed the portal to the second world, only to find I was starting over and no new tech tree or anything. I played for a few minutes, saw there were new creatures, end exited out.Unfortunately, new creatures and a larger frozen world, isn't enough to keep my interest. A new tech tree, a continuation of the first part of the game, etc., yes. I didn't even use my books in the first world on the play-through that I ended up completing on, because I thought they might be more useful while building out my second world."
76561198080868263,Not Recommended,248390,34567618,Posted: 28 August,all,cklim78,"AI is bad in this game, pathfinding, priority when you issued chain of commands, combats are all flawed."
76561197968371989,Not Recommended,248390,7864944,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,♛☢WeẞẞO☢♛ ツ 6ð   ҉҉҉҉҉҉҉҉҉҉҉҉҉,"its nothing like dungeon keeper, its more like terria (which idea was taken from minecraft) so its minecraft combined with lemins, this game is seriously undeveloped and needs alot of work doing, as the dwarths do not funtion properly at all, they attack things and i cant stop them, really is a great idea, but poorly programmed, i really hope they improve the AI of the dwarths as it really is nothing like the video they show you.I rate this at 2/10"
,Not Recommended,248390,8390994,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Leonassan {CEWR},"Has a lot of potential, also has a lot of game-breaking bugs."
,Not Recommended,248390,9137020,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Dark Lord Anubis,"This game needs quite a few more updates before I think it is a playable game. The controls are poorly designed compaired to many other games of this genre, AI has significant issues following orders, very buggy and the general dificulty curve is very lopsided. Will this be a good game? Possibly. Is it a good game now? No. Is it worth the $14.99 pricetag at the current time? Absolutly not. Once this is out of alpha, we will see. until then, I unfortunatly have to say I would not pay a dime or this game. I wish I did not pay a single dime for this game, at least just yet. Maybe if I waited I would be satisfyed with it, but right now, it is more tedious and fustrating then fun and intuitive."
76561198272197000,Not Recommended,248390,22984940,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,XxLucinaxX,"I don't know how to do anything, it is very confusing! The rule are spesific enough! The video showing the game may look cool (thats what made me think to get it) but it isn't as great! You can buy it if you want, but i don't sygest getting it!"
76561197996042746,Not Recommended,248390,30781048,Posted: 27 March,all,[SAMU S.] M. FINESSE,:(
,Recommended,248390,33947561,Posted: 1 August,all,mark_2103,good
,Not Recommended,248390,17075726,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,monzta,Just no fun for me.
76561198159375556,Not Recommended,248390,16143773,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,whitecatsoda,its a freaking peace of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198166389440,Recommended,248390,23464001,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,✪DeniTresh,"Craft The World - это игра, которая представляет собой некую смесь Minecraft и Terraria.Главная суть игры заключается в том, чтобы мы нашли 5 частей портала, собрали его и отправились в другой мир, но сделать это будет сложно. Вам придётся развиваться, добывать много ресурсов, крафтить оружие, броню, строить дом, говорить еду и развиваться по древу технологий.В начале игры вам даётся всего один гном, но с повышением уровня их будет всё больше и больше. Игра представлена в жанрах песочници, выживания и крафтинга, это именно то, чем вы будете заниматься в ней. В Craft The World есть просто огромное древо технологий по которому надо будет идти и совершенствоваться. Делать это довольно легко, нам просто нужно создавать предметы, которые открывают эти технологии. Гномов можно одевать в броню, оружие, одежду и разные дополнительные обвесы. Так же каждый час на вас будут нападать волны зомби от которых нужно будет отбиваться, с каждой волной их будет больше и они будут сильнее. Графика в игре очень приятная. Все выполнено в мультяшном стиле. Музыка тоже совсем не напрягает.Из минусов я бы хотел отметить тупой ИИ (Искусственный интеллект). Причём это касается чуть ли не всех... и гномов.. и зомби.. Сами гномы жутко тупят, то пойдут фиг знает куда через кучу зомби за одним бревном, то вообще не будут собирать ресурсы, то не могут поставить блок, хотя если ты сам возьмёшь контроль за гнома, то легко поставишь. Зомби - это вообще отдельная тема... Если полностью покрыть свой дом землёй куба так на два/три, то они просто будут стоять и всё... хотя они вроде как должны вам мешать и пытаться убить, но они даже не стараются ломать эти блоки.Я считаю, что самое прикольное Craft The World - это своя компания, где вы можете выбрать размер мира (маленький, средний, большой), типа (лесной, пустынный, снежный и подземелье), сложность и т.д. А так же совместная игра с другом, где вы можете весело провести время и развиваться вместе. Вообще игра очень сильно затягивает, первый раз я просидел где-то 13 часов за игрой, но когда вы уже пройдёте древо технологий, то становится уже скучно. Мне лично она надоела после 40 часов игры в неё, ибо я уже даже не знаю, что такого там можно сделать.В заключении скажу, что игру я могу посоветовать любителям такого жанра. Несмотря на все минусы, игра мне очень даже понравилась :)Оценка 7/10Денис Слепенчук"
76561198012872922,Recommended,248390,26676925,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,jerebear,y
76561198021837454,Recommended,248390,14108700,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,[DFS] DumbBeard,"Hear a strange growling noise at nightScroll over...horrid growling...Cheesy-Petes what is that NOISE!?terrible growling....SCROLL TO SEE THE GROWLING IS............a snoring dwarf.10/10, wouldmistake a snoring dwarf for a terrifying monster thingagain"
,Recommended,248390,23420138,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Jeisonsan,"This is one of the only games where I can play, vape, drink, and basically chill.Pricing wise, I would say it is value for money."
76561198028058149,Not Recommended,248390,13725214,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Ǥø.ôÐѳѵiL,"This game is the child of terraria and minecraft.the only problem is that the child, is mentally and physically retared.The only reason I have played it as much as I have, is to warn other people about this game.I wish I hadn't used the money I wasted on this game as a flameable material to heat my house at the summer. ( We have a 40 C Degrees summer here) It would've been a better use."
76561198064999188,Recommended,248390,33864615,Posted: 28 July,all,ThaMoor,Trying to get the review with the (second) most hours.
,Recommended,248390,13482604,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,I'm Pear,all i have to say is get this game. 9/10
76561198212035463,Not Recommended,248390,23470963,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,johnsont64,it is not working the scren gose blank
,Not Recommended,248390,19894530,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Kitemay,this game is just like many facebook games... i regret buying it
76561198153828157,Recommended,248390,23443906,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Elite Killer,ADD CHEATS
76561198005162350,Not Recommended,248390,21861289,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,pinguim2,no support for Linux
76561198020760454,Not Recommended,248390,8958135,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Scorpio,"Ok,if your bored and it's on sale.Good for a one time play threw,i can't see anyone playing this game longer then i did.CONSWeak dwarfs for the whole game even with the best armor/wepsgame wants you to build turrets in mid air to defeat waves.Not enough dwarfs..i got to 13 of them,it does go up not sure what the max is but would assume less then 50.Very slow gameprosIt looks goodI'll toss in Garbage/nuff said."
,Not Recommended,248390,19947657,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Miss Andri,"No female dwarves? I thought this was 2015, not 1985.Maybe this is a good game (although I found the crafting system to be unecessarily tedious, with having to manually select each individual material each time), but I'll never know because I refuse to play in a world where women are--again--erased from existence.If a patch adds female dwarf models (and not just one or two; 50% of the models should be female) I'll revisit my review, until then I'm sticking with Terraria and Gnomoria. Seriously, the devs should be ashamed of themselves for releasing a game like this with only male characters in this day and age."
,Not Recommended,248390,13034066,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,kitokeru,Crashes on startup. Can't even play it. Thats what you get for buying earlier access I guess.
76561198034178733,Recommended,248390,25454515,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,QBitAssassin,A Good Game
,Not Recommended,248390,13113057,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,will_bw321,why you no open? all it does is opeon up the steam screen that says preparing to launch and then it goes away this realy bugs me beacuse i have played it for several hours. i will write a better reveiw if this is fixed
76561198034430875,Not Recommended,248390,22506892,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Bastienroy,"i played minecraft and terraria, this game is♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198122185068,Not Recommended,248390,32598674,Posted: 20 June,all,PureVid3,................................................................................................................FIX THE IA DWARF................................................................................................................ANNOYEDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDANNOYEDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
,Not Recommended,248390,13029299,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,HeroicLarvy,Really isn't that fun.  Just click and watch.  Very little gameplay.   Wait for it to be onsale for like $2.00
,Not Recommended,248390,10782544,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,RenTu,Complete garbage. I would love a refund.
76561198066649752,Not Recommended,248390,24189004,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,ВЫдрик,WHAT A F**K!!! WHAT THE UGLY PIXIES INSTEAD OF GNOMES?!! WHAT ARE YOU DO WITH THEIR LEGS?!! THEY HAS PERFECT & CUTE SHORT LEGS!!! WHY HAVE YOU CHANGE THEM TO THAT UGLY LONG STICKS?!!RETURN THEM THEIR PREVIOUS SHAPE!!! ITS IMPOSSIBLE TO PLAY NOW!!! DISGUSTING!!! UGLY!!! UGLY!!! UGLY!!! UGLY!!!
,Not Recommended,248390,22603027,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,cleanthatup,no
76561198165621375,Not Recommended,248390,13146176,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,dx1965,Eight hours of game play I am frusterated. Please tell me what I paid isn't a monthly subscription. If so how can cancel?
76561198007221810,Not Recommended,248390,19823953,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Tormunda,Why add multiplayer to a perfectly good single player game?I spend my time trying to find good SP games with interesting achievements.Then some idiot designer tries to force me to play MP.
,Not Recommended,248390,20059657,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Mitch,"Bought the game with a friend to play together on short notice, realised the 'multiplayer' and 'coop' listing require you to grind through a single player (some people saying it takes up to 3 hours), immediately refunded. 9 minutes spent in game, approximately 6 of those spent alt tabbed trying to find out how to use multiplayer. I spent about the same time getting the refund as I did in this game."
76561198026763878,Not Recommended,248390,13100161,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Cajun and the Giant Lobster,"hard to play initially, everything is so clunky and slow, takes a while to get used to until you realize its not even worth it"
76561198035624711,Not Recommended,248390,12412317,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,mar.cobarrubia,"Tried repeated times to install this game on my Macbook. Installed for the first time-worked! Crafted an item, it crashed, reinstalled the game and now it wont open up anymore. Wish I could get money back now for a game that wont run on my Mac now."
76561197989454460,Not Recommended,248390,28525725,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,SilentChilli,This ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t is in Beta... wtf do we have to pay for DLC when the game isnt even finished yet? Get ♥♥♥♥ed!! Delete.
76561198003970162,Not Recommended,248390,19798023,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,AmericanDipper yeee yeee,Just dont
,Recommended,248390,25559870,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,MrMcMichael,I enjoy this game.
76561198190776647,Not Recommended,248390,32951823,Posted: 28 June,all,제니김,so ♥♥♥♥ing many bug
,Not Recommended,248390,25611647,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,poofystuff,Boring. Very little replay value.
,Not Recommended,248390,7883896,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,mikeylow,"very annoying game, pathfinding is bugged, there is a general lack of in-game info (there are some thought bubbles , but none of them are explanained). General lack of info on what you need to do. On top of that it's unstable and crashes a lot.Steer clear of this ""game""."
76561197991252340,Not Recommended,248390,33019389,Posted: 29 June,all,BobSkywalker,no.
,Recommended,248390,18387908,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,b-buck,Addictingly fun. If you are a Minecraft \ Terraria fan you will get some enjoyment out of this game.
76561197982635628,Recommended,248390,9591508,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Zehyr,"If you like the dwarves, you will like it :)"
76561197998237652,Recommended,248390,9435124,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Zach,Totally worth buying!
76561198122279884,Recommended,248390,9438439,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,milonagger,"This Game is cool but,it would be better when it gives a golden pickaxe and a golden axe..And pls make more bigger Planets likevery big Planet or ultimativ Planet.....I thing this Game is Very intersting and beautiful. ;)Ps: Pls make it to a Co-Op game.Thanks..... ."
,Recommended,248390,9442822,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Ratsle,"Definitely worth the $15.  Single player,  very addictive.  If I had to use other games to describe it, it would be a combination of Towns, Terraria, and a Civilizations Tech Tree.     Game is in Alpha so there are only three worlds so far, but the first world alone takes over 10 hours and that is taking shortcuts.  The following worlds just get harder from there."
76561198006795081,Recommended,248390,10151237,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Halfmask,"A well made game, with a different take on the sandbox genre. This game is very addictive, and will give many hours of creative game play. Also, since this is an early access game, we can expect to see more contant added in the future to increase the enjoyment and playability of the game. I give this one 5 stars!"
76561198072772900,Recommended,248390,10154953,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,LordShiryuu,Love how the game plays and what you can do. The building and combat go well together.
76561198017234432,Recommended,248390,10167992,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,obscure,"Addictive.  Based on a well-proven formula, this sandbox/simulation/strategy game has it's own charms. It's surprisingly polished for a game in Early Access. The graphics are finished. The designers put out frequent updates to fix known bugs and are responsive to gamers' suggestions for improvement.  It is well-worth your purchase price."
,Recommended,248390,10171306,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Johs,"Love it, love it love it. Every time i sit down to play I start a new game, wasted 6 hours, and walk away smiling. I do this with almost no other game, and this isn't even finished."
76561198078151690,Recommended,248390,10348390,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,biggn82,"One of a kind, you will get lost playing it for hours on end, tons of fun. My favorite crafting/building type game because you can control a small army of dwarves to mine, cut down trees, fight, drink beer, eat food, etc etc etc you can do a ton in it and build awesome housing as well to fight and fight off the undead army at night as well as the goblins that are around the map. Very fun game, I highly recommend it, it was also probably the most polished early access title I've ever played and it's only going to get better and better with more content!"
76561198019928519,Recommended,248390,9923309,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,CaptainTragedy,"Having played ""Craft the World"" for a mindboggling amount of time for a pre-release game, I feel like I have to add my two cents. Digging, exploring, building, defending and managing are all your responsibility in this (as has been pointed out) Terraria-like indie game. Don't let familiarity with similiar titles sour you to this one. It has its own unique flavor, delightful animations and, most importantly, is utterly addicitive. Patches comes fast and furious so I feel confident this is one title that won't be left to languish. Crucially, I can say that, even were the title to grind to a halt today, I got my monies worth and then some. Even better, I look forward to the finished product and the anticipated improvements to come."
,Recommended,248390,9927234,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,ShagNasty.BriskeysGaming,"Well done game , well done , craft all kinds of cool stuff , upgrade to better stuff , dig in the dirt , fight monsters , equip your guys with weapons and stuff , build a house , build traps and stuff ...yeah it's all good , super cool."
76561197999389839,Recommended,248390,9934172,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Da_Pastry,"An amazing game with strong potential for future growth, for an early access game this is definitly worth it."
76561198074388839,Recommended,248390,9942720,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,KvotheArcane,"This game is definitly worth the money, especially if they keep the updates comingIt is a great resource gathering game and doesn't limit you with time, if don't make too many mistakes lol.Great gameplay, graphics, time use, and level curve.Cons -a little strong on the enemy attacksno peacefull modea few gliches (will probably be fixed with future updates)limited resourcesno real turtorial to help learn the basics"
76561198027639168,Recommended,248390,9946139,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,FncyMan,An amazing Sandbox RTS Tower Defense Crafting Survival game. Despite that it's early access I have over 20 hours already and play it daily. The developers are working through the bugs quickly and making the game better with every little patch. I can't wait to see the full version. Get this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Right now.
,Not Recommended,248390,9954675,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Annasys,"I really want to like this gameThis type of game is something I enjoy. And this game looks like it will become a great game if the developers keep developing it. However, as it stands right now, it has very limited depth. The tech tree seems out of sorts. It's difficult to survive in the beginning due to being unable to build adequate shelter before the first invasion.Invasions get harder as the game progresses. That's great. Except they only get harder in so far as there are more mobs in each invasion. At some point, you will be unable to complete an invasion before daylight. I have all of my guys with maxed out weapons and high levels of experience with them. I have multiple defenseive structures. I still can't complete an invasion.There are other points of contention: Dwarf AI is lackluster at best. Minerals become very rare. Towards the end of the game, it's nigh impossible to gather enough materials to equip you dwarves, much less build grand castles under the mountains. There is no way to automate anything. This includes things like making sure tables are stocked with food. Transit AI is terrible, and in some situations is so broken that you have to manually remove them and replace them in order to get them to work properly.Perhaps in the future, this game will become a fun game to play. Until then, play the first hour or so, and then go find something better than the tedium that is Craft the World."
76561197981795922,Recommended,248390,9957593,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Clamchowder,Fantastic Polish for early access. Massively addicting. They keep adding content which is great.
76561198043773476,Recommended,248390,19531435,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Panax,"Loe Craft the World, easy to play, the crafting and designing your base to stop the raids is great, lots of different ways you can go about getting to the next worlds."
76561198021321623,Recommended,248390,10206115,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,DishKebab,"What is there to say? DWARVES it's DWARVES! Seriously tough, the game let's you play around with dwarves and let's you order them around as they gather materials and make stuff. It's relaxing to just see your dwarves dig, until they start ignoring your orders and just run off or don't want to gather the resource you ordered them to. Other then that little issue it's a nice game and definitly recommended if you like survival/building/strategy (kinda?) mixed together."
,Recommended,248390,10224980,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,GWSRainkore,So far the game is really enjoyable.  There have been a few bugs that can be slightly annoying but overall really good game. Here is what I wrote about it on my website:http://gamingwithscissors.com/2014/craft-the-world/
,Recommended,248390,10033086,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,グレートジギーZAGG,AWSOME GAME LOVE IT
76561198118645553,Recommended,248390,10037191,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,TheAlphaWolf,Amazing game
76561198075686126,Recommended,248390,10037646,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Kabbage,Very good but can you please add in multiplayer or co-op mode.
76561197993837521,Recommended,248390,10040263,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Talion,I like the questing and while its a sandbox game it still gives you a goal to reach now and again which keeps you coming back for more.
,Recommended,248390,10042145,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Heimbad,"Great game!! Doesn't look like early access at all, as it is already very complete, well-rounded and almost bug-free. Certainly worth the purchase!"
,Recommended,248390,9958900,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Ragebayne,Crafting system seems mis ordered but still a good play
,Recommended,248390,9960356,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Knob Jockster,"How have i spent almost 20 hours clicking rocks?Do not attempt if you are busy, you will miss deadlines! :PLooking forward to whatever updates are coming next."
,Recommended,248390,9960883,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,jellymonster,Great so far!
76561198041457426,Recommended,248390,9964066,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Will,"I had read mixed reviews about this game but decided to give it a try. It is incredibly addicting. There are still sme weird AI problems when your population grows past like 6 or 7, but I have lost a lot of sleep playing this game late into the night. The developers found a really nice balance of crafting, exploring and defense."
76561197971996374,Recommended,248390,8576166,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Wormster,"Love the game, very addictive :)"
76561198043108578,Recommended,248390,8585236,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,PewPewPew,"I cannot recommend this game any higher. For a early access game it is very well polished graphics wise and crafting except for gear. AI still needs work ( Dwarfs randomly climbing for no reason, Not doing builds in the order that makes sense, No repathing in water when new path opens.) I have only crashed 3 times in the 40+ hours I have played but auto save system usually saved a few minutes ahead of time. Given time this game could achieve great things. needs balancing for costs of recipies expecially weapons. to craft the best gear you need alot of mythil ore but not alot can be found to gear up all 9 dwarfs( the max I have gotten). If it wasent a finite world I would not complain. But for one sword to cost 8 ore seems a bit steep when one mythril ore pocket is 6-8 and its only in the bottom 10-15 layers . But with over 100 recipies it can be balanced before full release."
,Recommended,248390,8618205,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Jubez,This game is so cool.  For <500mbs i wasnt expecting much but wow its deep ontop of the build options aswell.  the customisation though the end game gets samey.  For those you love gnomoria and terrari this is a definite must buy!
76561198010095950,Recommended,248390,8618444,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Infinitejukes=DC,"This game has excellent potential. Right now it's basically Terraria meets Dwarf fortress.As of January the game has some issues with bugs and lack of an end game. However, I feel that it will be a strong title in it's specific genre in the  future.I still recommend it as of the daily sale."
,Recommended,248390,8265991,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Wu Ziheng,"This is one of the best Survival/Crafting games I've ever played. For an early access this game is fully playable and incredibly enjoyable.The Gameplay: Similar to Terraria/Starbound this game has you in a 2D world mining and crafting to help your dwarven brethren survive. Unlike T/S you don't directly control each dwarf, instead you give commands ala, Dungeon Keeper, for your 'minions' to carry out. You can however 'possess' a dwarf and control him directly, if you need better control for fighting or you just want a specific task done.The Sound: The sounds are what you'd expect them to be. Trees sound like trees when you cut them down, rocks sound like rocks, etc.Overall: This is one of my most favorite games in this genre due to its colorful nature and well designed implementation.Personal Likes: Skeletons that attack your base form live ladders by holding their shields above their head for their allies to climb on often making a chain several skeletons high to breach walls. Goblins build makeshift ladders to climb and descend into your defenses.Personal Dislikes: The crafting system needs a bit of tweaking. When you pull up a recipe you still need to drag each item into its correct place to make it. It's not so bad when it's simple things like three logs, but when it's multiple items found on different tabs to make a complex recipe it can be a bit tedious to find all the pieces. Maybe there's a way to instantly place the items, but I haven't found it yet.Final Thoughts: This is a great game which I have already spent many hours with. I bought it on a whim and did not regret it. Like any Early Access game it needs a bit of polishing, but it is an enjoyable experience that you must play even if you are only slightly interested in it."
76561197991634587,Recommended,248390,8267807,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Rooter,Not a bad game.Frequent UpdatesGet on it
,Recommended,248390,8268909,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Darkrite,"While there remains a few pathing bugs, small features that lack intuitive design--such as a larger warning for design flaws with the dwarven abode and where to fix those flaws--I still find this one enjoyable. The battle features are lacking, with the advancing waves leaving much to be desired. If only there was a premise or reason for the waves constantly attacking and a gradual increase in difficulty that were visually represented, this would complete the experience for me. With that being said however, this is a gamer's vacation away from other games, without waxing enthusiastic on the crafting genre. There have been a few games that cut into this genre that do a very poor job with design, yet this is not one of them. The technical advancement tree is well thought out and makes sense in terms of rhythmic play. The way lighting and terrain plays into the game leaves you patching up every possible angle of defense and lighting every corridor possible to stave off the encroaching threat. I believe this will do well if the developers improve the AI of the dwarves (and enemies) to include line of sight issues with ranged weapons and add diversity to the threats themselves."
76561198078813376,Recommended,248390,8278120,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,mexron,This game is great! So addictive!
76561197983198265,Recommended,248390,8278443,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,muddpuddle,"Bought this on a whim during the holiday sale.  Best gaming choice in a long time.  Very fun, addictive, well made.  Quite happy."
,Recommended,248390,8286027,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Jarrick,"Incredible game.  Absolutely incredible.I enjoy this game immensely, and I'm picky when it comes to crafting sandbox games when it comes to holding my attention.  The learning curve is easy, the crafting system is intuitive, the graphics appealing and enjoyable to view for hours on end, and the depth of gameplay is deep.On the surface, it may look like Terraria or Starbound with different graphics.  I can attest to the fact that this is far from the truth.  Craft The World takes the best of multiple games and puts them all into one incredibly fun package, all while adding something new to the genre.  The developers have done a phenomenal job getting this game into great shape, and even though it's still early in development, I had absolutely no issues playing an entire 25 hour campaign mission straight through.  The occasional restart will fix any major game breaking bugs that pop up, and that's about as easy as it comes when you're talking about an early release.While I've got high hopes for some unannounced features, this is and will be a solid game moving into the future.  I'm extra excited for the concept of multiplayer, so fingers crossed we'll see it in the future."
76561198021632658,Recommended,248390,8287480,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Gates,"Craft the World is ""Game of Dwarves"" with a lack of depth perception.  Heres a quick overview 6 hrs into the game.Recommend for sandbox / management gamers who have a decent tolerance of bugs and need something new.The Good -Art: Very pleasing art style, rather original style overallIntro Screen: When starting up the game the background pans around to your last save with dwarves actively moving around.  Not at all a big game changer but a nice creative touch.The Bad -A.I: Dwarves are dedicated to picking up all bits of garbage no matter how many goblins are in the wayPacing - Not sure if there’s a fast forward button, but I need to find it if there is.The Rest -Tech - Both Verity and pacing seem decent but it feels a bit grueling at times.  You don't research but simply gather mats, craft and place the object before progressing.  This means placing a mishmash of fluff around your house as you progress."
76561198066609525,Recommended,248390,8288791,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Galavanting Smurf,"Still in alpha but an amazing game.  Like most people have stated it is a combination of terraria, minecraft, and resource management.  I haven't noticed many bugs, a few crashes here and there but it saves automatically so you don't lose anything.  The one downside is there is not a lot of guidance and it will take some time to get used to.  The campaign (at least the first level) consists of challenges trying to unlock more items to create, except for some its very confusing on how to create them (where to get materials) or finish the challenge.  Either way, it is a great game and if you think you will like it, get it.  Help them out and report what needs fixing.  This game has a lot of potential."
,Recommended,248390,8308252,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,mtann514,"It's got that magical, just five more minutes thing going on.  I sit down to play for a couple of minutes and hours go by.  Quick patches and responsive developer, well worth the few dollars spent."
76561198038077676,Recommended,248390,8313399,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,anthonywilcox777,"I am really enjoying this game. I like the way that the recipes just show up in the crafting boxes when you click on the item that you want to build. I especially like the way you can see at a glance whether you have everything you need to make it or not... however, could you please include an option to just build it once you see you have everything rather than making me grab each ingredient on my own and drag it in there??Just an idea.Thanks"
76561198062578063,Recommended,248390,8315609,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Rhowin,"VERY FUN for a early access game. Granted there are a few bugs and it is way too challenging to defend against your first wave, but in between that first wave and start, it is very good. Thank you for making this game, and i cant wait for more updates and when this game is finished =D."
,Recommended,248390,8330564,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Arnkh Ghash,"This game is very addictive and it looks nice. The only thing I'm not sure about is a tech tree, it doesn't make sense most of the time.Also, be warned that it has tons and tons of bugs, and crashes a lot, but that's early access for you."
76561197960862273,Recommended,248390,8340388,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Doughber,Just get it
,Recommended,248390,8354417,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,dalion,wonderful game i cant wait to see the final release huge craft table tons of things to do and lots of replay
76561198031390586,Recommended,248390,8355488,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,john.caron,"Very well done, looking forward to future updates."
76561198016116040,Recommended,248390,8374198,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Toast Sapper,"This game is surprisingly deep (pun semi-intended) and addictive to a fault. The biggest problem with the game is that the tutorial system is nonexistent and one or two aspects of the game are non-intuitive (builiding a shelter) but once you get over the frustration this is an amazingly fun game. I think there's still room to add more depth to the quest system (i.e. the quests basically just ask you to build every item in the tech tree which is something you'd do anyway and not really a separate mission) and the bestiary doesn't seem to work (it's stuck on one page and indicates stats for monsters that seem to become inaccurate over time) but so far this game has a lot going for it.That's the biggest problem I have with this game at its current state, there's no explanation for how the various components actually work and there's a lot of guesswork involved in figuring out how to best use each piece. It would be nice if there was a little explanation, or video of how they all work to clarify things. For example, the cart system isn't totally clear, or how to get mages to use spell potions (they vanish when you try and equip them) or why you can ""construct"" spells, but gain nothing from it.The in-game analogy is that this game is really deep, but the developers have dug themselves in without building ladders to let people climb down. Players have to fall a lot before they understand what's going on well enough to find the best ways to get in and out.In addition it would be nice if there was a way of directly commanding the dwarves in combat other than taking direct control and forcing an individual dwarf's actions. It would be nice if you could select specific dwarves and tell them where to go together to attack a specific target. There is a rally spell but it only forces them to stand in one spot and doesn't allow much beyond that. For combat it would be good to be able to  move in unison and attack together, the current set up doesn't allow for this and makes fighting large numbers of enemies a tricky circumstance. Being able to assign dwarves to guard specific spots would be good also.A quick note for people who may be confused with how to build a shelter:The game world has two layers, foreground and background including for construction. In order to build a proper wall you must build both the background layer and the foreground layer (i.e. build one space twice if it's empty). In order to build a shelter you must fill the shelter with background walls, the perimiter with background and foreground walls, and have doors/hatches (doors are for lateral, hatches are for vertical) at every intended opening, and you must have a totem somewhere within that space.A second note on construction:I realized this after many, many hours of play (after finishing the first world, in fact) but you can construct dirt/stone/sand directly back into the world and even use it as a building material for your structure. This is incredibly useful knowledge and yet the game doesn't teach you this anywhere, you sort of just have to stumble into it, but bear this in mind as dirt is a lot easier to get ahold  of than the other building materials you have to spend ages collecting resources for in order to create. Plus it's a cheap way to fill in inconvenient dig sites, or construct yourself a real dwarf burrow inside the earth.Overall a great game, and mostly inutitive, but seriously needs further development of the quest system and better explanation of how the game works (tutorials, an in game help system, a wiki, anything is better than the short blurbs in there at the moment.)."
76561198060804906,Recommended,248390,8158319,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Exire,Very fun and highly addictive. highly recommended
,Recommended,248390,8174270,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,teabagjohn,"At the first glance it looks like an easy iOS game. But to be honest...this game is difficult as ♥♥♥♥! I love the style of it, it has it's own atmosphere. It isn't really buggy and has a lot of content. Recommended!"
,Recommended,248390,8176547,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Mino,"I pretty much played this game straight through for a week and I must say, I had a good time.  I love the graphics. The style ,in a way,reminds me of the old Settlers games.My biggest ""issue"" was that I had nothing new to do after said week but since its alpha, this should be expected. The worst bugs were straightened out fast so thats always a good sign.I hope the devs will add a lot more features  and  content (other than decoration) and bring more depth into the defense.If they do then I would definitly recommend it but its already a good little game."
,Recommended,248390,8181932,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Cid_Highwind,"So, I bought this on a whim as I watched the video.It really is a mix of Dungeon Keeper, Terraria and Dwarf Fortress which makes is very relevant to my own interests!However, the learning curve is still there as I quickly learned in the first hour of the game, I have no idea what I am doing!I can't wait to learn more though, so there's that!I may suggest looking up more about the game yourself though."
76561198007747606,Recommended,248390,8183513,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Ben Linus,"Great game having a blast with, worth it for 15 , on flash at 10 its a must buy"
76561197990494580,Recommended,248390,8183778,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,jaycephus,"Craft The World is a lot 'deeper' than I thought, pun intended. I have been playing this a lot over the last few days, and it has been very enjoyable and pulls me back. The crafting tree is huge, so I haven't made it through to the end yet. My play style is more of the build and explore type, so I have not rushed to the end yet. In fact, due to loading onto my laptop and desktop both, I've been playing two different campaigns, and enjoying both. I hope that the alternate world/terrain types open up more replayability. But I still have lots of playability left to go.The closest comparison that comes to mind is Gnomoria, though graphically, it is like comparing the original DOS XCOM to the latest 3D versions.It is an 'early access' game, so I am not certain what changes might be in store. Obviously, new content is still being added, such as the new Snow world and the Yeti boss. At this stage, I do wish that it was possible to actually 'lose', but it appears that it is impossible to be wiped out entirely. There are some bugs that get revealed in edge-case scenarios, and this may be why, on one occasion, my last dwarf did not die. He kind of bugged at zero health, and I was able to recover him and un-bug him, and the game continued as new dwarfs joined him to rebuild.It's artwork is lush and beautiful, the sound effects are very good, the enemies are tough in the beginning, though once you get better equipment, the surface enemies are 'easy'. However, there are more enemies waiting for the dwarves in the depths. I can hear their drums calling to me now."
76561198044288884,Recommended,248390,8186982,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Hawkblade55,"Really good game, would rate 8/10."
,Recommended,248390,8192470,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Thossy,This is a fantastic mash-up of several genres.  While still a little buggy - as should be expected from the Early Access title - it is very playable and shows a metric ton of promise.  A must-buy while it is on sale.
,Recommended,248390,8196974,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,{D(.Y.)M}fleshymeat,"Too much dwarf fun,, ♥♥♥♥ing love this game"
,Recommended,248390,8197093,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Lastpick72,"What a steal, I know there are a lot of crafting games out now however this one stands out. It may be in beta, yet it's polished enough at this point to ask what more are they going to do with it. Watch the video and then buy it, you will not regret the purchase."
76561198061814780,Recommended,248390,8198986,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,D3mfsh ᶠᶸᶜᵏᵧₒᵤ,"awesome game, defo one for the Terraria fans"
,Recommended,248390,8201316,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Wemo,Very well polished for a beta and quite entertaining.  For me it is a Lemmings meets dwarves meets Starbound with Minecraft crafting.
,Recommended,248390,8201604,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,ZombieTKBahaBSRS!!,"I have been playing this game for awhile now, and anyone that thinks it is a Minecraft or Terraria clone is wrong on many levels.Yes you build dwellings and fight off evil nasties, but in this game you are deeling with Drawfs.  The problem being is that at the begining they are really stupid.  Also you have to learn items in your crafting tree one at a time to complete other items.  What I mean is that I had to create several items before I could make a door for my dwelling.  So yes there are plenty of differences.  But even thou it can be fustrating, I am rating this game 8 out of 10.  It is only in Beta form right now and you can really play and enjoy it.  So if your looking for a game you can build, dig and fight, this is your game!"
76561197974359496,Recommended,248390,8205793,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,l6gslayer,"Awesome game!  Very polished for being early access, only has a few issues with pathfinding (which are easily rectified by cancelling an action and re-issuing) and building a shelter (which can be rectified by rebuilding your totem).Its like Terraria and Minecraft, but with an RTS feel.  Has been keeping me entertained for hours.  I can't wait to see what else they think up to put in here!  There is already a lot to craft and do, but I can see that they are poised to add so much more!"
76561197969755058,Recommended,248390,8211119,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,ByTheNumbers,"I bought this during one of the flash sales. The moment I eyeballed it, I knew it was a game I wanted to play. I like the concepts (and played) of Minecraft, Terraria, and Dwarf Fortress have, and generally like the game that take these concepts and put it into a gamel ike this. The ability to control a team of dwarves, construct a fortress, and survive in a world is a great thing. Minecraft and Terraria, while fun in their own merits, get stale after a time. Letting your creativity flow to create cool things in those games are pretty sweet, but I need more to it than being able to create things of fancy. That's why I like Dwarf Fortress. You create a fortress for dwarves, make them happy, and create a fort that suits them (though most who play DF consider efficiency high on the list more than aesthetics). And in thae game, you have to deal with all sorts of dangers risking your entire fort. That's what I like. I like the idea of creating this ""fortress"" with all sorts of perils come at you and try to wreck your day.This game is tamer in that resepct, than Dwarf Fortress, but it shows a lot of promise. It has some issues at the moment of this writing, but it was expected for being early access. There are some noticeable bugs, and feels like there's more left to add (obviously). However, I think it's on the right track to its potential. For those who don't buy into ""early access"", I'd say keep an eye on it."
,Recommended,248390,8213542,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Kline,"Having never played Terraria or Starbound, I feel this game is pretty fun and really represents what an Early Access game should be in my mind. It has a few bugs and quirks but nothing completely gamebreaking. The graphics are polished and the gameplay is entertaining with a surprising amount of depth in the tech tree.This feels like what I expected (and still haven't seen) from Towns. The devs seem responsive and active too, so I have high hopes this already fun game will become far more fun as they near closer to an initial retail release."
76561197965396869,Recommended,248390,8217478,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Macdallan,"Once this is done it should be fun - but it's pretty clunky right now despite the nice, crisp graphics and the concept.  Desparately needs a speed control as it's painful to watch the dwarves shuffle around in first gear..."
76561198052032960,Recommended,248390,8226689,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,darklancelot9240,"This is one of the best projects out there, money I paid was WELL worth it and then some. awesome game! a few bugs of course as it's early access but better then a lot of ""final"" release ones I've played already :D"
,Recommended,248390,8229237,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,OmNom,"A Superb Example of 2D RPG Sandbox Survival!As the developer says, If you like games such as Terraria, Dwarf Fortress, and Dungeon Keeper, then you are going to love this game. It is very well polished even in it's early access form. It has excellent graphics, sounds, and game play.Lots of collectible resources and a simple crafting system make crafting items a breeze, and the armor and weapons for your dwarves are well balanced. You truely feel you have accomplished something when you take the time to outfit your motley crew with the latest item upgrades, allowing them to take on larger hordes of enemies, but not making them invincible.As with any game of this nature, it will likely take you a couple play throughs to get the hang of things. Challenging enough to keep you playing for hours on end, while still giving you helpful queues along the way to aid you in progressing. You never feel lost trying to figure out what you should do next, but you also never feel like the game is making decisions for you.The only issue I ran into was while trying to get my dwarves' house secure enough that they would sleep. I had built the house, and placed beds, but the game didn't seem to recognize the house was secure. (A secure home is completely sealed with or without a door, and contains a Totem and a bed for each of your dwarves). A quick internet search suggested that I exit the game and restart. After doing this, the game recognized my house was secure and I never had trouble from then on.I have played Craft the World for 10 hours so far, and have not fully explored or conquered the first small world. I am sure I will log some serious time on this game. I highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,248390,8233334,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Meerkatjie,"Interesting game  which reminds me a lot of Terraria.  It will be interesting to see what the long term game will be like.  The basic game is very addictive as between mining items, completing tasks, and stopping attacks there is always something on that keeps you playing for 'just a  bit longer'."
,Recommended,248390,8234827,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,simple_tech,"Firstly i fully disagree with people comparing this game to Terraria, Starbound or even Minecraft. This game is nothing like any of those games. This game is more of a strategy based game you know you are going to be attack so do the best to set up defences while you mine and gather resources.The graphics for this game are amazing for the type of game it is. I specially like the fact that when i change the Dwarfs armour it reflects in the game that they now have different armour.Crafting in this game is amazing the fact this game is still in early access and has this much crafting is really amazing. I can’t wait to see what the developer adds to this game in the next updates (hopefully new larger maps)As for game play i have been playing this game a lot in fact 30 + hours and i still am loving this game completely so much still to do. There are a few things i would like to see fixed like when you click on a mob to kill and accidently remove your dam wall bit of a pain but other than that this game caters for all aspects of gamers from beginner to someone after a challengeIf you’re undecided about this game i encourage you to give it a try, hell it’s the price of 3 maybe 4 coffees in most countriesLastly i must admit i purchased this game as a joke game to play when i was really bored, however after playing this game it is currently the game i play the most was completely surprised when i purchased it and that night and 6 hours later looked at the clock and wow 3am had passed."
,Recommended,248390,8236178,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,failshell,So addictive. Really cool game.
76561198082140483,Recommended,248390,8236183,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Red Baron,"Great game, if this were an EA game I'd already be paying for additional dwarves and none of the bugs would be fixed! However this isn't an EA game and it keeps growing for free with bug fixes when ever we report them, Highly recommend"
76561198030109951,Recommended,248390,8236438,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,S7evin,"Craft The World is one of those games that you start playing and after a couple of hours you still can't quit. It's like ""just unlock one more item..."" or ""just farm one more vein of iron ore...""Although it is an early access game by now, it comes with a huge tech tree and a very detailed farming and skill system. It runs quite stable and I didn't have any problems yet. And the look... The developers made the look of the game so lovely, so funny and so coherent, which represents the whole atmosphere.If you enjoyed Dungeon Keeper or Dwarf Fortress or both you will love this game. Support the developers to make a even more awesome game!"
,Recommended,248390,8242923,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Lucky Charms,"Very fun to pass the time. A little weird to get into but excellent for an early access game. I wish there was a way to speed up time since it is a single player game and things can get a bit boring while waiting for your little guys to rest up. Overall, worth the money I paid and I enjoy it. Looking forward to seeing this game grow in the future. :)"
76561198100839278,Recommended,248390,8243117,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,StuPid,Awesome game. Even in it's alpha state it's still a lot more polished than some complete games. Total timesponge. Played for 5 hours solid the first day. Every day at work is spent waiting to get back to my dwarves (and I don't mean my wife!)
76561198043498768,Recommended,248390,8245496,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,jirian,Seems simple at the start but after the couple first steps becomes quite tricky and seems quite complex (haven't been near the end yet). Sadly it's not possible to save but is possible to make a fatal mistake that will force you to restart.... but then again it forces one to pay attention
,Recommended,248390,8247200,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,SykoSmurf,great looking game. plays good even for early access will recommmend to everyone :D
76561198015047827,Recommended,248390,8252319,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Falsch,"Craft The World is a very cute, balanced sandbox like building game. There are few bugs, but hey ... It's still an early access game.In my opinion, Craft The World is like minecraft with dwarves in 2D with an easier surface."
76561198006991121,Recommended,248390,8253619,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Rhukk,"Great game - very playable for early access - and the patches are frequent.Its like having my own personal ant, i mean dwarf farm.  Quite a lot of depth, still figuring different strategies as the undead hordes keep comming.Great creative sandbox dwarf settlement builder meets tower defence"
76561197998178980,Recommended,248390,8254492,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Hormiga,"Incredible game, it is much more Dwarf Fortress and less Terraria/Dungeon Keeper. Overall the game is one of the best ""early access"" games I have ever played on Steam. I highly recommend this game, below is my break down of why I like this game.Graphics: Very well done. When you equip gear on your dwarfs, this is reflected in their in game appearance. Everything fits well and just looks awesome. There are tons of little touches like portraits and ornate beds that look stunning. I love Terraria but this game blows Terraria out of the water in this department.Sound: The music is nice, but the game shines in the ambient sound department: war cries, snoring, mumbling, etc...Gameplay: There is a lot to this game. I mean lots and LOTS of items to craft and things to do. In 10 hours of gameplay I have completed maybe 2/3rds of the crafting quests. The game has a bit of a tough start, but once you get the hang of defense it is fairly simple to set up your fort. The difficulty increasing smoothly and I never felt that it got ""too easy"" at any point.UI: Pretty simple once you get the hang of it. You have an inventory and a hot key bar. Crafting is done in box type thng like Minecraft/TerreriaFun: Very addicting, there is always more stuff to build, places to explore, hordes to fight off.Bugs: There really aren't many. Occasionally my dwarfs forget what bed they own, but exiting the game seems to fix it.The bad stuff: My only real negative is that I know nothing about the developer, I think they are Russian and they have made an Android app game... but beyond that I really would like to know what their plans are. This game came out of no where, but it is really so well done and refined.That being said this game is a blast. Even in its current state there is a lot of fun to be had. This game has all the potential a blockbuster like Terraria"
76561198036649021,Recommended,248390,8255089,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Kinmuan,"This game is amazing.  Better graphics and a much cleaner interface than many of the sandbox-building games out there.  I'm absolutely hooked, and it's still an early access game!Replayability is huge.  I managed to muddle my way through the first world and 'complete' it -- but now I'm finding different ways to manage my world.  Utilizing different structures, making sure I kill everything, one of the most fun games I've played in ages."
,Recommended,248390,8264089,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Keblin,"Amazing game, I've spent 20 hours on the first level lol. Think I am just terrible though lol but I've picked up a few tricks now so should be faster on the next one I hope. Great game but time just vanishes when I play this. I make sure I am not cooking in real life or going to work because I'd end up been late or burning the house down. The game is excellent!"
,Recommended,248390,7933090,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Halligan™,"I enjoy the game, still getting the hang of it. There are a few things I woudl like to see added to the game. The lack of a multiplayer mode really hurts the game. Improvements are needed to controlling the other dwarves.  Overall this is a must buy when released!"
76561198007272285,Recommended,248390,7958781,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,StormwindViper,"Terrific value at $14.99 - hell, I'd pay more for it.  This is a fun game already and boasts tremendous potential.  Vote with your dollars, folks and support these guys - the are doing a great job and have a nice game here.  As others have said, better than many huge developer/publisher games with million dollar budgets."
,Recommended,248390,7968020,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Kafka,"Very cute colorful game and i really enjoy playing it! If u like Teraria and u like the play from a 3rd perspective u should play this. Its a very slow relaxing game and i like it. I really hope they fix small bugs with how dwarfs react to things and how they deal with stuff, otherwise the game is pretty much ready :)"
,Recommended,248390,7726287,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,SirAllan,nice game
,Recommended,248390,7727279,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,LadyAth,Worth checking out!!  The developers have done a fantastic job with this early access game and it is highly recommended.  The gameplay is entertaining and continues to amuse even when you have (like me) restarted a 10001 times to create that 'perfect base' and optimal tech tree chasing.  Definately one of my favourite favourites :)
,Recommended,248390,10144397,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Melody Rayne,"This game is fun, it has a few glitches but its new and still in development. I can't wait to see all they will do with it."
,Recommended,248390,10145057,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Shit the bed,"I feel the 2D aspect of this game currently leads to a lack of depth and with the price tag it is hard to recommend this over a game like Gnomoria. However, I feel the game as plenty going for it and has a lot of charm, polish and new features to come. A  more casual version of Dwarf Fortress certainly has merits and will attract a lot of dedicated players."
76561198012101898,Recommended,248390,10173662,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,spc_elkins,Awesome game! :)
,Recommended,248390,10174936,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,iamkobold,"This is a good and engaging game. It has a good overall theme and artwork. The game play is fairly straight-forward as well. Dig, Defend, and build. Rinse and Repeat and the defending gets more difficult the longer the campaign goes on. It's a great in sandbox mode for just building/crafting fun. Campaign mode can be fun and a bit challenging. It's still early access so it's hard to be to critical for a game that hasn't declared itself mostly done.This game suffers a bit of strangeness when it comes to the UI and ease of use when playing on a computer. Though they do make sense if this game ever went to a tablet like an iPad or possibly a console?A few things I do not care for but are not real deal breakers for me* The strength of monsters seems difficult to gauge. Knowing if you can kill a monster is not an easy question to answer. Just hope they don't kill your dwarves* Monster noises particularly the goblins get a bit excessive and repetitive i makes me cringe.* The game also fails to really explain the use of spells and mana usage.* I find it strange when it comes to AI with regards to priorities of tasks. I click on things and getting them to do it seems hard or impossible sometimes* There is a bit of unnecesary crafting of things i never wanted to use but crafted in order to advanced my crafting skills to make the things I really wanted to. For example crafting 20 gargoyle statues that have no effect other than vanity seems silly so i can make something else worthwhile"
,Recommended,248390,8410319,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Wisienkas,"You liked Dwarf Fortress? Terraria? Minecraft, or any sandbox mining games, you will also like this one! :)"
,Recommended,248390,8434770,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,olufsen73,great game
,Recommended,248390,8441847,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Hyperwolf,"Wow. So much more fun than I expected, and addictive. Can't wait to see how it is when finished but it's very playable right now!"
,Recommended,248390,8447042,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Amurica Runn No DunDun,"The game mechanics are great and fairly easy to learn. The wiki is pretty limited in documentation but learning everything through playing is the fun part. It's still a little ways away from being a polished product but it's a very addictive game, updated regularyl, and has great potential."
,Recommended,248390,8456540,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Justin55555,"Obvious alpha, but still a very fun game to play. There were a few times when my guys would continually go for picking up fallen items, even though there were like 20 enemy in the way, and constantly were forced to run  away, eventually being killed. Other than that, when mining, ocassionally letting go of the back wall, or jumping off cliffs and being hurt repeatedly, especially when replacing walls while riding an elevator(later thing in game you can build or buy). All in all though, great game, especially for being called alpha, I look forward to seeing it as a full release."
76561198031427061,Recommended,248390,8470919,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Sweetness,Fantastic game I can't wait to see what aspects the new levels bring to the game. Keep up the great work!
76561198063316849,Recommended,248390,8471069,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,meangela010,"Great game, cant wait for more worlds to open up"
76561198046361479,Recommended,248390,8477063,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,silencedxpuppet,"Fun game, addicting, hard at times, but there is definately a lot of good times to be had with this game!"
76561198007179159,Recommended,248390,8488530,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Spidermoon77,"While still in beta, I have really enjoyed this game,  it has the right mix of exploring, building, gathering and defense to keep me engaged.  I would however like to see some more branches added to the crafting tree.  So hopefully they will be expanding that type of stuff as we progress through the beta :)"
76561198027007041,Recommended,248390,8503708,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Marneus Augustus Calgar,one of the best games i evah played
76561197990457467,Recommended,248390,8520702,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Berzerkninja,Very confusing to get the handle of in the begining but amazing once you learn what you are doing.
,Recommended,248390,9091977,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Pudding,The best bits of Dungeon Keeper mixed in with Terraria. The way the gameplay is tutorialised is very well done. Even old minecraft fans should love this.
76561197995540904,Recommended,248390,9140693,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Junicus,"Love the game, spent many hours playing it so far."
76561197965236906,Recommended,248390,8722231,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,HookEcho,Lemmings 201410/10
