user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,248310,14406975,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,pepsimanvsjoe,"The CD-player in my car is busted, the disc won't eject. So, imagine having to listen to Jamiroquai's ""Traveling Without Moving"" constantly. It's a good album though, came out in 1996, had classics like ""Seven Days in Sunny June"", ""Canned Heat"" and ""Supersonic"". Speaking of Super Sonic, the lack of a certain hedgehog on the Sega Saturn was very strange. There were a couple spin-offs and Sonic X-treme (which was never released), but no Sonic 4. In fact, Sega still hasn't released a Sonic 4, I can't understand it.During the 16 and 32-bit days, the mascot-platformer was the most over-stuffed genre on store shelves. These games were mostly garbage like Bubsy & Awesome Possum. Anytime there was an actual hit (like Earthworm Jim), publishers would run it into the ground through a combination of uninspired sequels and marketing. Still, there were a lot of good games released during this time: Rocket Knight Adventures, Socket, Pulseman, High Seas Havoc, Adventures of Little Ralph, Keio Flying Squadron 2, Tryrush Deppy, Ristar, DoReMi Fantasy, Super Tempo Popful Mail, Astal, Clockwork Knight, etc.It was a rough transitional period for the platformer. Due to the popularity of Mario 64, most developers went 3D (or at least 2.5D) with varying levels of success. The 2D platformers released around the time were by small teams, and unless you read Diehard GameFan, you didn't know of their existence. Freedom Planet could have been one of those games. If it had released in 1996, it would have toiled in obscurity for nearly a decade, until it was purchased by somebody in a random ebay auction. This guy played through the game, thought ""Wow this is really good!"", and told everyone in his gaming forum about it. I'd wager that by 2008, Freedom Planet achieved some mid/high-level of notoriety, and commanded about $80 per disc through online auctions.Freedom Planet follows the adventures of Lilac, Carol, and Millia. Three heroines, three kingdoms, one war, an alien menace, and that's the short version. There are a lot of cut-scenes in this game, and the story takes some unexpectedly dark turns. Saying anything else is liable to turn this review into spoiler-central, but I'll say this much: there's at least one scene in this game that I'd be perfectly content with never seeing again.But enough about that mess, let's talk about the actual game. There are three playable characters, and they have a variety of unique skills. This is a fast-moving platformer, not unlike the Sonic games, so expect loops, ramps, and so on. The stages are all fairly large, with numerous optional paths, secrets, traps. and enemy robots. This is also a combat-oriented platformer, and the later stages throw a lot of baddies at the player. Freedom Planet certainly isn't lacking in boss-fights either, you can expect two or more in every stage.How you deal with adversity depends on the character. Lilac soars with her various aerial maneuvers (including a flying dash-attack & a shoryuken), Carol has her claws, Chun-Li kicks, and a motorcycle, while Millia creates blocks and shields to frustrate anything capable of firing bullets. These skills are also necessary for getting around the stages, whether it's flying over massive cliffs, driving up walls, or even subtle tricks such as using a phantom block shield blast to propel Millia a few feet. The controls are exceptionally fluid, and the mechanics are very solid. While the levels are fun to explore, they're even more entertaining, when using every ability to its fullest extent to speed through them. Also, unlike some platformers that emphasize speed, there's no worry over taking damage from simple enemy contact.As I mentioned earlier, Freedom Planet has a lot of boss-fights, and they can be pretty tough. Most of the challenge is in reading their patterns. They move quickly, and while you might see this as a sign to move fast yourself, it's all a smokescreen. What's liable to happen is that you'll bump into their attacks and get yourself killed. Instead, you want to stop, wait, and see what happens. They'll jump from one of the screen to the next, present some opening, and that's when you attack. Each character has a move that gives them some invincibility, such as Lilac's flying, Carol's kicks, or Millia's shield. Using those moves, even in last-ditch situations, could save your life. All that said, even the easy setting will lead to some boss-related deaths. The most devastating attacks tend to juggle you, which eats through a ton of life. Also, Millia has half the health of the other heroines, but she tends to kill bosses faster so it balances out.Where this game really excels is in level-design variety. All too often, variety is a double-edged sword. Yeah it's fun to see something new and different, but when you're flying from one set-piece to the next, you never really get a feel for how the game actually plays. You buy a game, expecting a third-person shooter, but every other level involves turrets, vehicles, flying, swimming, sex QTEs, and so on. Each stage in Freedom Planet is different from one another, but not so different that you feel like you're playing another game. It's also important to note that the level-design never completely shifts gears. One stage might feature more enemies, another probably has some extra puzzles, but it never feels like ""this is a puzzle stage"" or ""this is the stage where you fight all the time"". Everything comes together naturally, and you're always in complete control.Although, yes there is a 2D shooter stage. Of course there would be a 2D shooter stage. I've been a platformer-fan for decades and this happens every time...EVERY SINGLE TIME. Apparently, there's always someone out there that thinks ""Our game is too good, we should throw in a really weak section to give reviewers something to complain about"". Towards the end of Freedom Planet, there is a 2D shooter stage. It's not particularly bad, but it's just...there. All told, I guess I can deal with a few minutes out of a 2+ hour game being merely passable.Freedom Planet is a relic, and I mean that in the most affectionate way. It's a mid-90s platformer that has all the elements of a forgotten classic, but it was released in 2014. It's unfortunate that more games aren't released that emulate this style. It seems that for most indie-developers, their favorite system growing up was the NES. That's cool and all but eh, I prefer the days of the Genesis/SNES/Saturn/PSX. I'd rather see more games that prey upon my nostalgia, and if they turned out to be half as good as Freedom Planet, then I'd be in for a treat."
,Recommended,248310,17269394,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Rokoshy,A Sonic game that's better than most recent Sonic games and it doesn't even has Sonic in it.
76561198042442645,Recommended,248310,11386120,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,ryanrem,If this game came out back in the Sega era we wouldnt be talking about Sonic and Tails we be talking about Lilac and Carol.
,Recommended,248310,32212025,Posted: 5 June,all,A Very Important Spoon,Game can easily be beaten in about 3-4 hours.I've spent over 40 hours playing this game.Guess I should recommend it.
,Recommended,248310,13115081,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Dominic White,"It's Sonic + Sparkster + Gunstar Heroes with its own goofy saturday morning cartoon plot. Essentially, this is to Genesis platformers as Shovel Knight was to the NES. This means that it's good, and you should buy it. It also has great music.It's also a solid argument that Sega should just give the Sonic license to GalaxyTrail and let them go nuts. Sure as hell can't be worse than Sonic Boom, right?Fun fact: Freedom Planet was doing snarling robot-armed snake antagonists before Sonic Boom made them uncool."
76561197999182201,Recommended,248310,32329034,Posted: 10 June,all,Max the Gentlemann,"Gameplay as good and fast as classic Sonic's?CheckSoundtrack as good as Sonic's?CheckVisuals as beautiful as Sonic's?CheckAdjustable difficulty that can be as hard as classic Sonic's (if you are a masochist)?CheckMultiple characters to play as?CheckSadly, no duckman or pandaman thoughVoice acting better than Sonic's?Uuuh...A great story?...it's passableMajong?CheckA villian that gives you more than enough reason to kick their teeth out of their rear end?CheckNo wonder Sega's making Sonic Mania: their pride is on the line when their mascot's biggest competition is com from what once was afan game.So yeah, buy it. It's real good!"
,Recommended,248310,14755240,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Sweet-Tea,"Good indie game that isn't nearly recognized as much as it should be, meanwhile an indie franchise that has been done to death and rehashed is far more popular (fnaf).I'll never understand you people."
76561198082798597,Recommended,248310,16431621,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Ritearm,"Hey!  You like Genesis games?  You like 2D Sonic games? You like Rocket Knight? This game is better than ALL that.  What Shovel Knight is to NES, Freedom Planet is to the Genesis. You will NOT be disappionted."
,Recommended,248310,16853769,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Spooky Spyke,"Where Shovel Knight is a tribute to NES games, Freedom Planet is a tribute to Genesis/Mega Drive games. It borrows a little from Sonic the Hedgehog, Sparkster/Rocket Knight, Ristar, and Gunstar Heroes but still manages to feel completely fresh. Throw in some quirky and lovable characters and a decent plot and you've got yourself the best Sega game never made."
76561198009198234,Recommended,248310,11354760,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Zombie Hunter 0,"By far one of the best (if not THE best) indie games released via Greenlight ever.  A well functioning mix of Sonic, Ristar, and other great platformers during the Genesis and Super Nintendo era.  Graphics and gameplay are buttery smooth and the music is extremely catchy.  10/10!"
,Recommended,248310,18924666,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,depresso espresso,It's like if sonic grew up as a franchise instead of eating glue
,Recommended,248310,17447214,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Subject Infinite,"Jesus, this game was hard.Freedom Planet is inspired by sonic but really is very much it's own game. After finishing the game as Lilac, I feel both pleased and relieved that I managed to survive the onslaught of bosses this game throws at you, without throwing my controller out of the window. Key take home messages:Beautiful use of coloursKick♥♥♥♥♥dance-dance-revolution-esque soundtrack.Excellent voice actingEndearing charactersThis game is hardThe bosses are hardThis can be frustratingI found the level design to be particularly satisfying as it wasn't always just 'run from left to right until the end of the stage'. Level navigation is a key concept in the game, and there isn't always a single path to the end of the stage. There's also other challenges which involve interacting with and navigating your environment. This adds some welcome variety to the gameplay and can serve to slow you down from just running all the time so you can think about how to tackle the next obstacle.The sound effects are crisp and have that retro feel, and the soundtrack is really great, and compliments the situations in the game well. The pixel graphics are done very well, and the use of vibrant colours makes this a beautiful game world to look at. I found myself screenshotting away on the regular, as there were many grand screen filling elements of the game. WHich brings me on to the use of screen real estate.There's always something going on somewhere in the screen. I found there few if any dead spots, when it came to filling my monitor with game assets or just background artwork. This is not something I ever paid much attention to before when gaming, and I believe it's only really something to be noted in 2D platformers. It doesn't really detract from a game if it's not taken care of (it can even be an aesthetic design choice), but when it's taken care of I feel it can add to my enjoyment of a game world. The game as Lilac was of a good length, and seeing as you can play as other characters, there really is plenty of game to be enjoyed.Freedom Planet is best enjoyed on a controller. I used an xbox 360 controller, but I got it to work with a Dualshock 4 controller also. This is unsurprising as it's inspired by games like sonic which were initially made for the Sega (and later Nintendo) consoles, which would have used controllers of their own. Keyboard and mouse work fine, but the controls for this game are really basic, and the analogue stick really does compliment the fast paced running and jumping really well.The story of Freedom Planet is what I can only describe as lovely, with many warming moments and some nice use of drama. It's not a spectacular story by any means, but it doesn't need to be, and it doesn't advertise itself as thus. It's nice, it adds context to the gameplay and I found it enjoyable. Not every game we play needs to be hard hitting, nitty gritty and I can definitely appreciate a light hearted, but immensley challenging game to sink my teeth into. Ultimately I found Freedom Pplanet to be a well put together, fun, fast paced, pretty, challenging but ultimately rewarding experience.But most of all, the best way to describe this game is - fun."
76561198010110667,Recommended,248310,11406759,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Scare Ball,"I actually kind of wanted to hate this game. I don't like furries, and while I've been a Sonic fan since the Genesis (slightly contradictory to furry hating, I realize), I've also loathed other Sonic fans; you know the ones who make ♥♥♥♥♥♥ rip-off art of their ""original characters"".One thing I give myself credit for, however, is even when I go into an experience with a presupposition, I can usually still critique something fairly objectively and admit when I was wrong. Freedom Planet is quite an excellent game.The attention to detail in these sprites is incredible. Each character is very well animated, including appropriately cartoony facial expressions. The game is fully voiced, and the acting is surprisingly decent. Granted, some of it feels over the top (""I'M YELLING ALL THE TIME BECAUSE YELLING CONVEYS EMOTION!!!!""), and I find most of the female main characters insufferable (they pretty much all do the ~kawaii~, or sassy-cute voices I can't stand) but that's a personal preference and I still feel they do a good job.Freedom Planet is obviously HEAVILY inspired by classic Sonic titles (you probably wouldn't even be looking at it if you didn't know that) but also borrows a little from other Genesis masterpieces like Ristar, Gunstar Heroes, and Dynamite Headdy.It is certainly inspired, but most importantly still feels like its own game. The level design is very diverse, and each one will give you something new to experience. It is also fairly challenging, perhaps due to using a health bar rather than Sonic's ""rings"" which keep you effectively invincible as long as you pick them up.I only really have two complaints:1) It feels ""Furry"" as hell. This is obviously subjective. If you like furries, you're in for a treat of a platformer. If they put you off, you may still enjoy the game, but presumably less so.It may sound completely irrational, given that I've already confessed to being a Sonic fan, but somehow these feel... Furrier.2) I'm not 100% amazed by the physics engine. The game plays well, but the engine pales in comparison to the classic Sonic games it represents. There is no momentum; from a stopped position, with barely any speed you can run directly up a wall and even along the ceiling.Course-correcting a jump feels sloppy. When you change direction left/right mid-jump, it instantly over-corrects itself, and somewhat dramatically pushes you in the other direction. Not a huge deal, but can be annoying if you're trying to pin-point a precise jump. [EDIT: I haven't been experiencing this jumping issue anymore. Either it was patched, or more likely I was just having a controller problem before.]Overall it's a fantastic platformer I wouldn't hesitate to recommend.Sonic would be proud. Actually he'd be jealous, since SEGA hasn't done him nearly this much justice in years."
,Recommended,248310,11569384,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Game,"At first glance you'll probably think this is a Sonic rip off, but you'll be wrong (very very wrong).Freedom Planet shares the same gameplay style as Sonic, but still has many aspects that make it different.Let's start with the levels. There are 9 stages in total (the last stage being split into 4 acts), and instead of splitting the stage into two acts the stages transitions to different areas. For example you'll be in a hill area and then you'll move onto a forest area. You'll also come across two bosses in each stage. It might be the same boss or two different bosses. The stages are also very large and expansive, with many unlockables and power ups hidden in each part of the stage.Now let's talk about the gameplay. It plays a bit like Sonic, but has a mix of combat and exploration mixed into it. You can choose between two modes Adventure or Classic. Adventure shows you the story and Classic goes straight to the game without the story. You can also easily speed run the game since you can't get damaged from simply running into enemies. The only exception is if the enemy is attacking and your in it's line of fire. There are three characters to choose from: Lilac, Carol, and Milla (only on classic). And each character plays differently, each with their own skills, attacks, specials, strengths, and weaknesses.Sash Lilac: Lilac is the Sonic the Hedgehog of the game. She is able to move very fast and speed across the levels. She can perform a spin to give her some extra height while jumping as well as damage enemies in the air. And her special is a speed dash that allows her to move extremely fast as well as damage enemies who get in the way, and reach up to hard to reach areas.Carol Tea: Carol is much more offensive than Lilac. Her special makes her perform a kick attack where she attacks an enemy multiple times. When jumping she can perfrom a pounce, which does nothing, but makes up for it with her wall jump that allows her to reach up to hard to reach areas. Also to make up for her lack of speed she also has a (gravity defying) motorcycle that can make her move even faster than Lilac, and can... climb up walls?Milla Basset: Milla is much more defensive than Lilac or Carol. Milla is capable of hovering into the air like Lilac but can't damage enemies. She is the weakest of the characters with only 4 health points, but makes up for that with her energy based attacks. Instead of a basic attack or special, she has the ability to conjure up energy blocks and pick up items she can throw at enemies. Along with the blocks she can summon an energy shield to deflect and attack enemies. She also has a unique special where she can combo the energy block with the energy shield to unleash a powerful energy beam.Lastly there are many bosses you'll come across. As mentioned before you might come across two, maybe three bosses in one stage. The first boss is easy, but then things get seriously difficult. As you progress the bosses only get harder... and harder... and HARDER!!! The bosses go with a certain pattern but can be difficult to fight. When I first started playing I thought I was going to breeze through the game and get the ""no death clear"" achievement. But when I came across the 4th stage boss I was in serious trouble. I died like 6 times trying to fight him. Once you figure out the pattern you should be able to beat the boss. But the most trouble I had was in the final stage. The final stage literally tests your skill and the bosses won't hold back. When I reached the first boss in the final stage, my final time was 20 minutes, and it only took me 6 minutes to reach the boss. The second boss was just as hard as the first boss. The third boss is not as hard, but still pretty difficult. The final boss, I'm not going to reveal a lot, but I will say: you better get used to seeing that continue screen, cause your going to see it a lot.Well I think I rambled on enough about the gameplay, so lets get to the story (no spoilers of course). The story goes on like this: An evil general known as Lord Brevon has crash landed onto a planet and now seeks an ancient relic called the Kingdom Stone to power his ship and leave the planet, as well as help grow his army. The Kingdom Stone is a power source for three kingdoms: Shang-Mu, Shang-Tu, and Shuigang. Lord Brevon and his army raided Shuigang, killed their king, and brainwashed the king's son: Prince Dail into following Lord Brevon's orders and now seeks to find his father's killer (even though he is taking orders from him). Then comes Lilac the Dragon and Carol the Wildcat, who caught sight of a crash landing ship and met Torque a ""Shell-Duck"", and later on met Milla the Hound. Now it is up to the group to stop Lord Brevon and bring peace to the three kingdoms before it goes into war.The characters are very entertaining in the story. Literally the best part of the game are the cutscenes where the characters are talking and interacting with each other, as well as being every expressive. Lilac being a no nonsense leader, Carol being a wisecracking rebel, and Milla (who is plain out adorable) being very enthusiastic, acting more like an asset instead of a liability. In fact all of the characters are very fun and unique. Even though the voice actors are amateurs they seriously do a great job. The dialogues are cheesy, but they have a certain charm that makes it enjoyable, and makes the characters very memorable. Pretty much the entire story feels like a Saturday morning cartoon.Overall Freedom Planet is a fun and enjoyable adventure with memorable characters, large levels, a fantastic soundtrack, and challenging bosses. This game isn't afraid to be hard, and you'll be determined to finish it.It's a shame that not a lot of people know about this game. The release of the game was kind of under the radar, and it was only on the Steam front page for only a couple of days. If you look it up on youtube there are plenty of lets play videos, but only by lesser known youtubers. So far only two major youtube channels looked at this game: Yogscast Zoey and Yogscast Martyn.Martyn:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uk1eWoPQDUUZoey:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=43Z1wZZRjAQHopefully in due time the game will gain more attention.But besides that the game is still fantastic and I hope to see more of Lilac, Carol, and Milla in the future. I really hope that some day in the future there will be a sequel. Or maybe a cartoon series... Hey if Mighty No.9 can get a animated series, certainly Freedom Planet will get it's own series... maybe... hopefully... Maybe just a sequel.The final rating: BUY IT! BUY IT NOW!"
,Recommended,248310,15330315,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,voKKa,"It's the Sonic Game you've always wanted. Story is a bit cliche, but nothing too dull to bore you.If you really hate stories and want to get into the action, there is a 'Classic' mode, where you don't have to watch the cutscenes.In my play-through of the game, I chose Lilac. Here is an overview of her character;Lilac (the purple one) is a dragon-girl (don't ask me why, I don't know either).Playing as her is fast-paced. You'll be relying on her special ability; 'Dragon Boost' (think Sonic Dash) to gain maximum speed and fly past enemies. Double-jumping gives you a helicopter-like hover/spin, allowing you to jump further, fall slower and deal lots of damage if you time the attack right. Holding 'down' as you perform this attack will have Lilac spin downwards (or along the ground), this can be used more for combat. Lilac also has close-melee attacks, like an upper-cut, downwards kick and a hair whip.Carol (the green one) is a wild-cat.Carol plays slower than Lilac, expect more fighting than running. Her attacks deal more damage, but, once again, you'll have to play completely different compared to Lilac. I haven't had as much play-time as Carol, but I'll give you a quick run-down;Carol's special is a 'Wild Claw' attack. Simply holding the special button will shred anything in her path, easily taking out all. Double jumping will instead of gaining height, perform a 'pounce'. Time it right and you can do a quite bit of damage. This also leads on to Carol's wall-jumping ability, as well as the jumping pads scattered around the map. Standing on one of these pads will let Carol defy gravity, jumping from pad-to-pad, often upside-down. These pads will let Carol access areas Lilac couldn't, or maybe even provide short-cuts if you're into speedrunning.There IS a special third character, although I haven't had any playtime as her so I can't say much.If you're a platformer, I HIGHLY recommend this game. Like, it's REALLY good. REALLY, REALLY, good.Just go buy it already."
,Recommended,248310,14866224,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Sassy,"While Sonic The Hedgehog is now little more than an online joke, Freedom Planet's Lilac and Carol are (or should be) taking the spotlight for retro-esque fast-paced platformer. The game's great in some areas and poor in others, while not being as  memorable as the 8-bit wonder of Shovel Knight or as popular as Five Nights at Freddie's, this is one of those underrated gems that's just a little too overlooked.Gameplay: 9/10: If you're familiar with classic Sonic The Hedgehog, you'll be fairly familiar with Freedom Planet. A fast-paced platformer with multiple characters to choose from with their own unique talents to add more versatility in the game. The controls themselves are fluent for the most part, only having a minor issue with the ends of jumps (Though this is only really apparent in a level outside of the main game itself). The difficulty itself isn't too bad, though the difficulty spike really ramps up specifically at the Stage 8 midboss, onwards. The bosses are cleverly designed and get rightfully more difficult as the game progresses, requiring you to use different strategies with your character. My only real complaint are the powerups, consisting nothing but shields, shields, and more shields.Graphics 7/10: The visuals in the game are very appealing, especially for a 16-bitish game, and most of the character designs are great. Not just the characters, but the stages are also designed very well, which is where a majority of my praise comes from, going through temples in one instance only to be traveling through a supermarket filled with baddies the next. Admittedly though, Quite a few instances feel very oriental, which throws me off of the otherworldly experiance. Knowing this is taking place on a whole seperate planet and I can't think that these sentient species decide to have their culture similar to that of Earth's Asian cultures. Call it a nitpick as well, but I can't see an alien culture heavily similar to our own.Story 5/10:The worst thing about Freedom Planet is the story, voice acting, and character developement... Respectively. While there are a couple good voices and originality put into the story, it's overshadowed by the sub-par voices and Clichés. Your characters don't go too far from being tokens, the main 3 playable characters being a good example (Lilac=levelheaded heroin, Carol=hot-temptered but a softy on the inside, Milla=heavily shy and emotional, opening up to previously mentioned characters). The story itself is passable, and you're free to select ""classic"" mode to ignore most of it.As for the voice acting, a majority is tolerable with the exception of Spade, who's... Cringeworthy for having the ""edgy emo kid"" tone, similar to Shadow the Hedgehog but a little more ""amateur-ish"". Torgue's doesn't fair well either simply for having little emotion for a vast majority of the game along with a slight scottish accent, subtle to the point where can't really tell if he's got one or not. I can't ignore the voices that aren't bad at all, like the Magister's, Lord Brevon's, and the Dragon Scientist's.Sound 8/10: The game's soundtrack is great overall, with a few hiccups here and there. While most tracks are great like Relic Maze's, Dragon Valley, Thermal Base and more, there are few duds like half the Dreadnaught themes that I'm not a fan of. The main theme of the game however is one of the best in it, which just amps you up to hear more of what the soundtrack has to offer. By no means is this the sound quality of Shovel Knight, it's still worth a good listen!The game's flawed, yes, but even if you're not much of a fan of Sonic, you'd probably still like Freedom planet. It's not as fast-paced as Sonic, but that's easily countered by the special traits each character has within their abilities. As for the Sonic fans themselves: If you've wanted some resurrection in the series, Freedom Planet isn't that- It's a reincarnation."
,Recommended,248310,16516068,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Swaggless,"I love this game. It's fantastic! The similarities to Sonic are the first thing everyone mentions, and while Freedom Planet's inspirations are clear, the game is far from a clone.The game has engaging combat, very tough but very exciting and rewarding bosses, a pretty good (but, imho, very poorly paced) story, some memorable characters (if you are into the story), large and varied level design, excellent 16-bit-style pixel art, catchy late-90s ""CD-quality-audio""-style music, and 3 characters, each with their own unique movesets and playstyles (like, seriously. They play TOTALLY differently).I highly suggest this game for anyone who grew up with a Sega Genesis, people who love platforms, people who love Sonic, people who hate Sonic (seriously, this ISN'T Sonic), and anyone who's just looking for a good time. This game seriously needs more attention.8.5/10 ( 1.5 Points deducted for story pacing issues and for 1 or 2 bosses I don't find fair)"
,Recommended,248310,11394517,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Disco Biscuits,"Man, I haven't had this much fun with a 2D platformer since the Sega Genesis was the coolest thing ever.  To sum it up in one word, Freedom Planet is awesome.  When I first heard about it, I was a bit on the iffy side with it, since it seemed to me nothing more than a Sonic fan game.  And yeah, it kinda is.  But when I finally got my hands on this, all my expectations were blown away.  This is a superb game.  The visuals are sharp, gameplay is rock-solid, the soundtrack is great and adds so much to the game and it all compiles into a great game.I mean♥♥♥♥♥♥ dude, this has now passed Sonic 2 as my favorite 2D platformer.  And Sonic 2 was the whole reason I bought a Genesis.  This is not something to pass up.  With the devs already planning to update the game with level and character expansions free of charge, it is most certainly worth 15 bucks."
,Recommended,248310,16592594,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,The Writing Rex,"I don't always write reviews, but when I do they are for AMAZING games. I originally bought Freedom Planet just for the soundtrack DLC, but I was wrong not to play it.  After playing Freedom Planet I instantly fell in love with the game and would definitly pay for another Freedom Planet game. The music, easy controls, and game design all flow well together plus the fact you can play as fast or as slow you want in the game (At times). Makes a great speed running game. Go and get yourself this game."
76561198170785126,Recommended,248310,18685489,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Vyrrh,"I did not want to like Freedom Planet. The trailer couldn't focus on a single part of gameplay for very long, and it just had the main characters parroting lines that vaguely explain the plot but have little context cohesion. Then again, what's there to explain as far as context goes? BIG EVIL GREEN GUY is destroying PLANET CHINA. You must destroyMetal Gearthe space invaders before they destroy you!Without spoiling anything important, I'll just say that I enjoyed every bit of the story. Yes, parts of it were campy and it had a few plot-holes that probably aren't going to be filled for a while, and some of the jokes feel a bit forced when short-rich-kid is onscreen, but that can all be forgiven. Most of it's clean, and it's a light-hearted adventure where you get to be Hero-Pants (not her real name), a badass dragon-girl with hair-tentacles that can do the shoryuken! She's joined by a kung-fu catgirl on a motorcycle (her best friend), a not-evil space invader (who has a grudge against the main villain), and some orphan girl (plot significance unknown for the time being but she does some cool things in the background) on a quest to prevent the theft of a sacred artifact that provides power to the three neighboring countries involved in the story.No, they never mentioned ""The Three Kingdoms"" in ""Planet China."" The writers are more subtle than I am.In fact, the writing is really good. The villain is competent, correctly identifies the main threats to his plans, and doesn't sit on his rear-end waiting for Hero Pants to come destroy everything. He actively sets effective traps, ambushes, and even gets down to business personally when his subordinates start having trouble with certain player-controlled obstacles. He even gets a torture scene despite this being an E-rated game, complete with interrogation. The writers didn't pull any punches here: a competent villain is a villain players take seriously.Hero-Pants herself, by comparison, is a pretty flat character. She's the hero, she kicks butt, she keeps a cool head in risky situations, and is the first to jump head-first into any situation where a hero is needed. In short, she's what she needs to be as a character, but she's also a cool big sister to the orphan girl she adopts. Hero-Pants also distinguishes herself by existing in a story where nobody ever criticizes or mocks her for being female, and the game itself never forces her into an awkward, forced romance sub-plot. She may not have much that makes her ""special,"" but she's a great protagonist and the writers are awesome for their work on her.Even in gameplay, the three playable characters have different movesets and playstyles. Hero-Pants is the overall ""best at everything"" character, Carol is strong but requires a little more skill to use in melee and has to climb walls like Rockman X instead of just floating or dash-attacking upward, and Milla has less health but makes up for it with ranged attacks and a shield.The levels are fairly typical for the style of game: you have a jungle level, a sewer level, aquatic ruins, a spaceship, an ancient temple, a couple of snow levels, and the rest of the usual goodies. That said, there are only two levels with ""pitfall deaths"" and it's completely logical to have them in those levels because you're either on dogfighting airships or on a spaceship where the airlocks have been opened. There are a couple of moments where the design could use a little polish, but overall it shouldn't be too difficult to get through the levels.The bosses can be a different story, though. After a few levels they start to reach Rockman / Gunstar Heroes difficulty, which is *extremely welcome* in a platforming game. Part of me hates to admit it, but I actually had to turn the difficulty down to 'Easy' in order to beat the final two levels, and I *still* had a lot of trouble against the final boss in his ""I don't need my giant mech, I'll just take care of you in melee"" form. Again, loving that the game doesn't hold the players' hand or pull its punches in the boss fights. It just makes the victory that much more satisfying, just like how classic gaming was.I think my favorite moment in the game is the boss fight where the four primary heroes team up to battle a giant battlemech while racing through the streets. There's another team-up boss fight in the game, but this one comes out of nowhere and it'sawesome!Just try not to get too caught up in why the citizens of Planet China use medieval weaponry and armor while having access to telephones, television, cyborgs and ""databases"" detailing the lives of the planet's inhabitans.___________As it's sort-of rated to be a childrens' game, I can't say it's perfect. Some of the plot elements are a little dark, but chances are if a kid is familiar at all with video games, they've seen worse. Maybe wait until your kid's nine or ten years old before getting this for them. That said, it's possibly the only E-rated game I've ever played that treats its female characters with the same amount of respect it gives male characters. I could recommend this game for that detail alone, but it has so much more going for it.Vee's Rating: ""I wish I had hair-tentacles that could do the shoryuken."""
,Recommended,248310,28481592,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,ϟ,"Freedom Planet is a game developed by GalaxyTrail in the style of Classic Sonic the Hedgehog games. However, if you're expecting some really bad Sonic clone with silly OCs and a plot that feels too similar to the game - fear not! Freedom Planet stays consistent with the Sonic style while feeling fresh and new, and is damn fun to play. It really brings some unique things to the table I've never seen a Sonic-style game accomplish before. The game itself is really well made. A ton of love and care went into the creation of.. well, everything. From what started as a Sonic fangame, it sure came far.The game starts off with two characters, known as Sash Lilac the Water Dragon and Carol Tea - her best friend and a wildcat. The two hear of the Kingdom Stone being stolen and rush off to save it from the clutches of alien invaders and their leader, the power-crazed Lord Brevon. Along the way, you'll meet some cool characters too, but I won't say anything  else due to spoilers!You'll be able to play as a total of (currently, since I think there's one more in the works) four characters, each with their own unique style of gameplay. Lilac plays similarly enough to Sonic, but with a stamina meter that controls how much of your dragon powers you can use at once. Thankfully this isn't a hinderance unless you're fighting a boss, but even then it's not bad. Carol functions a bit more like Knuckles, being able to wall-jump. When you find an oil can in her stages, she can ride her motorcycle, giving her a nice speed boost and some big time destructive power. Each character has their own bit of a story arc, so you'll want to give them all a try and see what each has to offer.The game is beautiful in terms of both sound and music. Nothing feels like it's rehashed, and the levels are very diverse. To be honest, the only thing I'd say is similar to Sonic is the gameplay itself, with the exclusion of some story similarities. The stages are all very nicely designed - my favorite is probably Fortune Night. They all come and go pretty easily to Sonic veterans, but each is memorable for their different styles of gameplay. Some stages have memorable mini bosses, others have memorable puzzles, and most combine the two, but keep it fresh and unique every time, so they're not a bore. The music is very nicely composed and is pleasing to the ear, and the graphics themselves are very colorful and well-done. The Genesis aesthetic is definitely present. Oh and as a nice treat, the game is fully voiced and subtitled.However, if story mode isn't your thing, there's a standard gameplay mode without the cutscenes, which plays more like a traditional Sonic game. To be honest, though, I definitely prefer the story mode - it's fun to learn about the characters and see why and what they're fighting for.Tl;dr, if you like platformers in the Sonic style and want something familiar but fresh and fun, pick this game up! It's worth the money."
76561198053368469,Recommended,248310,11368820,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Evil Sapphie,"Being one of only two games I've greenlit, (And I really didn't care about the other one,) I've been anticipating this game since long before it was on kickstarter. So how does it hold up? Well, as an indie action game, it is quite spectacular, despite a few noticeable rough edges. The platforming and combat are both very tight, thanks to excellent controls and the visuals are a retro treat.The game is quite challenging on normal difficulty, however dropping the difficulty to easy makes it almost impossible to lose, even in the boss fights towards the end of the game. I haven't tried hard mode yet, but based on my experiences with normal, expect a considerable bump in the level of challenge. One thing I found very welcoming compared to a lot of platform games is the lack of cheap deaths. There are very few bottomless pits and the few instant death mechanics in the game are telegraphed well ahead of time with visual and audio cues, so they never feel unfair.The audio needs a mention too, the music is fantastic throughout with a lot of subtle and not so subtle nods to old genesis classics. The voice acting is generally good, but can be inconsistent at times, more so in the earlier scenes in story mode. Some voiceovers are better than others, too, not only in terms of performance, but recording quality - unsurprising since the voicework was recorded on different hardware for different actors. But you have to remember this is about as indie as a game can get and the Troy Bakers and Tara Strongs of the world do not work for free. Fortunately for those who might be bothered by this, the game can be played in a ""classic"" mode, where all of the cutscenes between levels are skipped in favor of continuous action.In terms of bugs, there is one very noticeable visual glitch with the airship not showing any thrust from its engines, but otherwise things behave as they should visually. Gameplay wise, I've had one major glitch so far where I phased through a solid ceiling when a block spawned on me - the block pushed me up through the ceiling. Oh and the unlockable Mahjong game's controls are very twitchy and prone to ignoring commands unless you turn control sensitivity right down.Bottom line though, this is a fantastic piece of indie game development, especially given its humble origins. I'd fully recommend it to anyone with even a passing interest in retro platformers and doubly to anyone that enjoys speedrunning."
,Recommended,248310,23013408,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,severettabbott,Freedom Planet is the best sonic game to come out since 1994.
76561198027948551,Recommended,248310,24458579,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Miszi20,"A truly fantastic indie game. Don't let the looks fool you, it's much more than a ""sonic clone"". It's less speed oriented and puts more focus on combat and exploration.Pros:-Long stages (approx 20 minutes each if you explore)-3 characters to choose from-Graphics (Stunning, looks as if the game was pulled straight from SEGA Genesis)-Music-Lord Brevon (the character as a whole, including voice acting which was superb)-Voice Acting-Amazing boss fights (very ""Contra"" like)-Smooth controls and performance-NostalgiaCons:-The story - it's a mix of your regular ""hero vs the evil guy"" plot with some humor and occassional darker moments, which were actually my favourite. I would not say the story is completely bad, but some of the cutscenes were extremely cheesy and sometimes they would drag on for over 10 minutes, which for me is too long. HOWEVER, there is a classic mode if you don't care about the story and overall the plot is not a disaster at all. I would call it okay.-Difficulty spikes - the game flows pretty well in terms of difficulty until you reach the last stage. The difficulty spikes when encountering some of the late game bosses were very much unexpected. I would not like the developers to nerf the bosses because they are awesome the way they are, but perhaps the difficulty should build up more slowly in the sequel.---Would I say it's better than Sonic series? No, not really. Is it better than some of the titles in the Sonic series though? Definitely. I'd give the game 8/10."
,Recommended,248310,32889816,Posted: 27 June,all,Psybev,"A love letter to classic Sonic games and Genesis Platformers as a whole, the Gameplay is fantastic; fast, but not so fast you can't tell what's going on, there's multiple attacks so fighting enemies is more engaging that ""Jump on them"" they even made Underwater segments bearable! You can actually swim, go at the same speed on the floor, there's a breath gauge, and bubble vents make one big bubble you stand inside instead of spawning little ones.The Story however... I mean, they tried I guess: The voice acting ranges from mediocre to bad, the writing is sub-Saturday-Morning-Cartoon quality, the volumes of the voices are all over the place, etc, etc. Sigma's Fursona wants the Magic Macguffin, that's all you need to know, now pick Classic Mode and never look back."
,Recommended,248310,24365943,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Shadic,"Let's be honest, Freedom Planet isn't a Successor, it's a Replacement."
,Recommended,248310,11364538,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Rafael M.,"Freedom Planet is one of the better platformers I've ever played!This game feels like an upgraded Sonic + Mega Man (the classic ones) and offers lots of fun with long stages and heart-pumping boss battles. The pixel art feels truly retro and remembers me the sidescrollers gaming scene of the 90's.Even with some similarities with the Sonic games, Freedom Planet plays a lot different, and this justifies the price. Totally worth your money and time if you loved the Mega Drive era."
,Recommended,248310,17013399,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Spider3,"00:00 - Let's pick a random game from my unplayed games section00:05 - oh no another wannabe retro sonic-clone00:15 - well actually the gameplay is not that bad, let's play some levels00:60 - TOTALLY IN KAWAII-ADDICTIVE LOVE WITH Carol, Lilac and Milla - YOU EVIL EMPEROR I'M GONNA GET BACK THAT STONEAbsolutely fantastic game! <3"
,Recommended,248310,24005264,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,MoldyShishkabob,"I went into this game thinking it was ""pretty good"" from what I've heard about it. Definitely liked the soundtrack from what little I heard before playing. So, I decided to wait for a little while until the Summer Sale came around.After playing… I can't get this game out of my head. The music, the levels, the bosses–heck, even the dialogue in the game, as much as some people might consider it a negative (personally, I found it a bit charming for all but some of the bits at the end of the game).Never was one for 2D platformers when I was growing up, and I've spent a lot more time playing 3D platformers over the span of my life. In spite of all that, I feel as though *I* can understand the love and care that went into this game from everyone at GalaxyTrail. A level of adoration that extends far beyond ""an ascended Sonic fangame"", and I'm not talking about similarities to other Sega Genesis games.In short, despite my first run only bringing me up to four hours of total game time, I knew then that this is easily one of my favorite games of all time. It's not something I could have possibly known just from the music, just from other people's gameplay… This game is truly something that has to be experienced.I give this game nothing less than my wholehearted praise, so much so that, if I had known how much I'd love this, I'd have paid full price for the game. So, instead, I want to buy the soundtrack and a t-shirt to make up for it as I eagerly wait for the sequel. :p"
,Recommended,248310,13309506,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,♥Lilac♥,"The fact there is finally a game like this is a miracle. A sonic fangame gone rogue, its become some kind of astonishing hybrid of all the best Genesis titles, blended together in a fine puree. Some critics will argue that the game suffers from being slower-paced than the Sonic games we are all reminded of by this title--this is missing the point. This is what Sonic should have been all along. Let's get real, the Sonic franchise is not self-sustainable. I've played the old Sonic games and then thought to myself, what if I could have more? I thought about what that would mean, to have Treasure-inspired bossfights in a Sonic game. How would that look? How could you do that with the ring system? I've dreamt of working on a game like this, hoping that it would exist at all, but I kinda gave up on that concept many many years ago.But here it is. Here it goddamn is, in a glorious mix of Rocket Knight, Ristar, Gunstar Heroes, Pulse Man, and yes of course Sonic. Hell there is even some Megaman in the stage design if you pay attention.Is it a perfect game? No. Is it the perfect game for me? Oh my god yes. There is not much of a clear difficulty curve until the very end. The first two levels are easy enough but its hard to pick out a boss fight that's anything less than an adrenaline rush. If you don't like the pacing of oh say, Gunstar Heroes... No nevermind that thought. Gunstar Heroes is awesome, screw you.Voice acting, not perfect. There's a super adorable character who the writing and acting side of me can't stand and yet I still find her cute? Without a doubt the main antagonist's voice acting steals the show. Look forward to that!You will also notice some curious sprite imperfections. I won't call them errors just oversights.Game can slowdown at times and will cause button inputs to get lost in translation, sometimes at critical moments. That could use some work if possible, but its something you can compensate for by acting quickly.Some of the boss attacks are slightly cheap. You won't know they're coming the first time around.Pretend its a Sonic game made by Treasure, then give it an actually attention holding plotline. Real basic stuff but they told it right and most of the characters are actually 3Dimensional. Those that aren't are 2Dimensional and that's more than I can say for the Sonic franchise (or Treasure for that matter).But don't let any of that fool you. References to Treasure and Sonic team aside, this is GalaxyTrail now. Look what they did. They deserve a career. Give them a career. I will hunt you down if you don't give them a career. Cuz if they get and maintain some momentum people will be comparing future games to GalaxyTrail and Sonic Team and Treasure might become relics."
,Recommended,248310,13702265,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Master of Puppets,"Overall I'd say this is a very decent game.Pros:Unique gameplay not seen since Sonic the Hedgehog from the Sega GenesisGame is challenging and funMaps are very well-designedMusic is well-set for the levels.Cons:The physics were kind of sloppy. You could pretty much walk up walls many timesPersonal opinion, I found the voice acting to be somewhat annoying. No real fault of anyone.Quite a bit of trial and error. I personally am not a fan of that. Bosses may be predictable, but only after you go through the fights multiple times.Some of the enemies were very obnoxious with damage. The sound blasting creatures could pretty much half your health in one strike if you don't see them fast enough.A lot of my cons are more personal than anything. Skill is really all that matters. I still sincerely recommend this for those of you itching to get back into a game like this one."
,Recommended,248310,25434109,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,[2fOH]Etna,"Where do i start:1#-It´s a fast-paced game with unique mechanics for every character.2#-A delightful story/Adventure mode with fully voice acting and a story that goes from just helping a friend to a serious tone story.3#-Great character design, from heroes to villains4#-A great soundtrack (I recommend to buy it, it´s just amazing)5#-Every Sonic fan that lost his hopes MUST try this game right now6#-A great game to start speedrunning and with achievements that promote speedrunning7#-Variety in every stage,from platforming to puzzle everything is unique of every stageI could go on with this forever, so let me make it short, buy it and you´ll not regret it, it´s an amazing game that has lots of replayability,achievements,a must try for all the speed obsessed fans and with 2 other characters comming soon and the 2nd game comming next year (maybe) it´s just gonna get better and better."
,Recommended,248310,28654779,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Pxl8r Maroonpickle,A fine example of a game that deserves more credit than it gets.
,Recommended,248310,24747247,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Kestrel Hudson,It's like playing the best Sonic game ever and watching a memorable 90s tv-show at the same time.RECOMMENDED
76561198008326352,Recommended,248310,22423140,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Mylexsi,"A lot of people compare it to sonic, but then think of the awful modern sonic games and its awful fanbase....no, if you want to compare to sonic, you wanna think sonic 3 & knuckles...and you know what? Freedom Planet is BETTER.Excellent multi-route level design, high speeds, warnings for off-screen enemies & attacks, only 2 stages have bottomless pits and they're really obvious....3 characters with completely different playstyles; eventually that'll be 5.Proper combat system with bosses that take full advantage of it.A soundtrack good enough to buy outright and listen to on its own...Look, best I can put this is this: If you have ever enjoyed a platformer in your life, you will enjoy this game."
,Recommended,248310,11355238,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,fox_198,"After more than two years, I'd say this one was definitely worth the wait. The controls are quick and responsive, the graphics are beautiful, the voice acting and music is great, and the overall feel of Freedom Planet is fantastic. I must also say, the characters are awesome! There have been no bad bugs that I've noticed so far. This is probably one of the best platformers of the last decade.The only complaint I have is that the only character that seems to be fun to play as is Lilac"
76561198155870927,Recommended,248310,12371177,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Guerrilla Glue,Short Summary: A solid platformer and totally worth your money.Details:-Uniquely themed stages-Interesting story with excellent english voice over-Difficult and unique bosses-Awesome soundtrack-Three female main protagonists each with unique play styles-Multiple difficulty levels-Unlimited continues and a checkpoint system-Expansive levels (8-15min each)-Much replayability for a platformerAnd if you are still uncertain about buying this...-DLC with two new playable characters and three new adventure modes is coming soon and is totally free to anyone who owns a copy of this game
76561198025632551,Recommended,248310,17229887,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,funewchie,"Many people have said this is reminiscent of the Sega Genesis era. However, I'd say this game surpasses that era. Honestly, this game is action packed, the gameplay does have a learning curve (meaning you won't just blast through it in a day).And the bosses...are epic, and will punish those who can't keep up with their patterns.As for the story, I can honestly say it rivals a good JRPG in terms of storyline. And the voice acting is top-notch (These actors actually put real emotion and personality into their roles. It may be one of the few times an anime-like story actually has excellent English voice acting)Some have compared this game to Sonic the Hedgehog, and that's a fair comparision. But Freedom Planet has managed to capture everything that made Sonic legendary, and even improved on it in many ways. Sonic Team could stand to take a few notes from Freedom Planet, because this game is how you do it.In my opinion: If you go for this, you'll be getting an excellent game for your money.Lots of platforming action, surprisingly tricky boss fights, and a story (and voices) worthy of a Square-Enix JRPG masterpiece."
76561198090281162,Recommended,248310,27793197,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,WWWWWWWW,This game went way beyond my expectations. The voice acting was a pleasant surprise.
,Recommended,248310,11387574,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Lap Deer,"This game is so much fun!The story, gameplay, music, controls - everything is just perfect.If you a fan of old school platformers, you will totally love Freedom Planet."
,Recommended,248310,23555542,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,bootles,"If you're expecting Sonic, it's similar but different. Probably the best indie platformer I've ever played, and nearly a 10/10."
,Recommended,248310,12938481,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Fartlek Spizzle,"If you're wondering why the last twenty years' worth of Sonic games have been abject♥♥♥♥♥♥and Rocket Knight hasn't had a good sequel since ever, here's your answer: GalaxyTrail stole all of their design notes and talent to create Freedom Planet twenty years later once the heat died down.Really though, this game rocks.  All the best elements of classic Sonic, Gunstar Heroes and Rocket Knight in one place.  If you miss classic Genesis-style platformers that aren't bogged down by ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ storylines and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ acting and actually had good gameplay (none of this ""hold forward and mash jump"" garbage), you owe it to yourself to buy Freedom Planet right this second."
,Recommended,248310,16612981,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,76561193742692947,AWESOME!!!!Awesome Gameplay!Awesome Character Design!Awesome Level Design!Awesome Bosses!Awesome Graphics!Awesome Soundtrack!Awesome Secrets!Awesome Achievements!meh...meh... voice actingmeh... dialogue8 Awesome - 2meh...+5 Gloryfrom Mayor Zao = ???
76561198120331364,Recommended,248310,28396837,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Delta_Thunder,Here ya go.The gameplay's fantastic.The music's fantastic.The story's fantastic.The graphics are fantastic.The voice acting (URMEGURSH BREVON) is fantastic.The flippin' demo is fantastic.I think you know what to do here.
76561198003415677,Recommended,248310,29446652,Posted: 23 January,all,Aegix Drakan,"This is what you get when you take Sonic, Megaman Zero, and Rocket Knight, stick them all into a blender and hit ""liquify"".It's charmingly retro, while also blazing its own unique trail despite its mixed heritage.The game starts off with easy to follow stages and simple bosses, but starts ramping up to Megaman Zero levels of difficulty as you approach the ending, driving you to learn boss patterns and how to abuse each character's special attacks for invincibility frames to survive and deal damage, and where the levels start really testing your capabilities.As for your characters, you've got:Lilac, the Dragon, who has a damaging double jump and a powerful boost move that can ricochet off walls, calling Rocket Knight to mind.Carol the Wildcat, with her rapid attacks, megaman-style walljumps, and stationary flurry kick making her feel like Zero.And...Milla the hound whose moveset is so weird that I can't quite compare it to anything.  She can hover briefly, deflect things with a shield, and use weird cube things she can throw or use for a strong shield bust.All of this comes together in a fantastic way in gameplay.The story is a bit more of a mixed bag, which can be skipped entirely if you want by just going to Classic mode or skipping each cutscene.  The story is at times hilariously cheesy, and at other times serious as all hell, as the game reminds you these are just a pack of kids going up against literal warlords.  While some scenes go on for too long, or too much needless information gets dumped on you, and some of the voice acting is sub-par, it's ultimately a great story backed by  fantastic gameplay.Give the demo a spin.  If you like the opening level, you'll probably like the rest of the game, provided you like a challenge (or aren't too proud to lower the difficulty setting a bit)Honestly, I miss games like this, and would love to see more find success."
,Recommended,248310,11359470,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Alli,"This is one of the greatest games I've played in a long while. It just feels good to play this game, like a mix of the Genesis Sonics and some Ristar in there too. Highly recommended."
,Not Recommended,248310,32996480,Posted: 29 June,all,Mr. Wallet,"This is a game that makes me wish Steam allowed for a middling review, because it's not a terrible game. However three things in particular really kept me from really enjoying it:1. I got this because people kept comparing it to classic Sonic games. It sort of is, except it screws up critical things that make Sonic fun and interesting. In particular, the concept of ""momentum"" has been aggressively eliminated from the game design. As long as you don't let go of a direction, you can keep going in that direction, meaning that you can walk straight up walls at an absolute snail's pace, and then start building speed once you get to the ceiling. In addition to this, the camera is pretty zoomed in, meaning it's hard to go fast and you're better off treating it like Castlevania, moving at a moderate pace and focusing on melee attacks. This wouldn't be a bad thing except so much about the level design and movement seems inspired by Sonic, that it turns into this weird soup of level design and mechanics that never really meshes together.2. The writing/story is totally inane. This one is down to personal taste, and if you are not picky about what anime you watch then you'll probably like it. If you don't watch any anime then you should skip every cutscene.3. The difficulty is all over the place. It's been a while since I played, but if I recall correctly I was playing on Hard and lost one life in the first world, zero lives in the second world, and had to Continue 4+ on the world 3 boss. It doesn't ride a good difficulty curve, so you're either bored because it's too easy and you can't coast through fast enough to reach stuff more your level, or you hit a difficulty wall where you need a level of skill with the combat system that you've never been encouraged to develop.Besides that it looks nice and has some interesting ideas, and although there's a general lack of tightness in the design, they definitely at least knew what they were doing, so the levels aren't too confusing or frustrating to get through. Again, it's not a terrible game, but it does feel like a missed opportunity."
,Recommended,248310,16435037,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,FiveEyes,"Yo, this game is HYPE. Don't let its appearance sway your decision to get the game, at it's core this game is a blast to play and actually gets quite challenging as the game progresses with its radical boss fights even on Normal.Story is bit on the cheese side, but there's always classic mode which lets you skip all that. Play the ""adventure"" mode once to get the story and all that then just stick to classic mode.To summarize, 3 characters, so many levels, hype as ♥♥♥♥ bosses, bunch of different game mechanics,and collectible stuff through out the entire game.9/10 hype"
,Recommended,248310,15928754,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,gsilver,"This game was quite a surprise for me, as I hadn't heard about it until an article on Kotaku at the game's launch, and immediately, I knew that I would like it. What I got was the game that became my overall game of the year for 2014, not just indie game of the year, though I do admit that I'm biased towards good 2D action games. Now, through and through, this game is loaded with good design. Fast stages that reward exploration, elaborate bosses, quite a bit of challenge (but also a difficulty option that goes all the way down to “the biggest challenge is figuring out how to die” super-easy, if you really can't beat a boss), wonderful pixel art, and even the story is interesting.The thing that stood out more than everything else has to be the bosses, and they were the kind of fights that (figuratively) had me at the edge of my seat, then (literally) hollering when I managed to defeat some of the more difficult ones. Some of them are screen-filling affairs, and some of the bosses are the same size of the player character. Others have multiple phases, and I was particularly impressed to see one that wasAn homage to Seven Force from Gunstar HeroesThat moment was huge for me, and I was shouting ____ YEAH! during the fight... even as it destroyed me. Perseverance is rewarded, and it did eventually fall.The multiple characters were also great, especially since they play completely differently. While I did end up preferring Lilac's cyclone and dash attacks to anything the others had, Carol's motorcycle was a lot of fun, and Milla's shield and low health requires a much different strategy. The changes in mobility, speed, range, and even basic function of the abilities was really cool, and the character-specific stages also show that the developers put a lot of thought into it. More characters are promised, too, and I look forward to playing the game through with them.All-in-all, Freedom Planet had everything that I would want in a 2D action game, and it did it with style. It's kind of like Sonic, but it's far and away better than Sonic Team ever produced, even at their Sega Genesis heights. Among 2-D action games, I think that Freedom Planet is better than anything else that I've played in nearly 20 years, and it's up there, and even above, many of Treasure's greats. I'd rank it above Gunstar Heroes, a game that I absolutely adore.... The only reason I have to say ""nearly"" 20 years is that Guardian Heroes still wins out as the greatest of all time for me... but being second to Guardian Heroes is a *very* impressive feat. Yeah, Guardian Heroes is a brawler and Freedom Planet is a platformer, but let's not get too caught up in specifics here. Both fall under the broad term of 2D action."
,Recommended,248310,16514196,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Wanderflow,Sonic meets Megaman. Completely satisfied!
76561198064978640,Recommended,248310,16498121,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Swagacity,"Someone described this game to me as ""Everything Sonic should've been from the start."" I feel that's pretty accurate."
76561198043905601,Recommended,248310,11357025,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,BlastProcessing,"*WARNING - THIS REVIEW CONTAINS SPOILERS - PLEASE AVERT YOUR OPTICALS IF YOU DON'T WANT ANY GAME-RELATED INFO INADVERTENDLY REVEALED TO YOU *Freedom Planet is a Sonic-esque game with lots of charm and a grotesque amount of effort put into it. When you first boot it up, you're treated to a cool though somewhat confusing cutscene (which will make sense later on, once more of the story is revealed.) Afterward, you'll be given the option of playing 'Adventure' or 'Classic' mode. The main difference between the two is that 'Adventure' mode will let you play levels in order from the context of a narrative, while 'Classic' takes you from stage to stage like most 16-bit platformers would - with no story or transition to explain how you got there. One other important difference is that there's an additional character available for play solely in 'Classic' mode, but you'll have to trek through 'Adventure' before unlocking them.Once you've decided which mode of play you'd prefer, you're almost to the good stuff - all that's left is picking a favorite character. The two you start out with, Lilac and Carol, are kawaii desu anthropomorphic beasties with unique abilities. Lilac channels Zero from the Megaman X series, performing uppercuts, dive kicks, and a ricochet attack that Sparkster and Ristar swear they were doing before it was cool. Having barely beaten the game with Lilac, I regrettably can't say much about how Carol plays. Based on gameplay videos I've seen of her, she drives a motorcycle and can claw stuff. Assuming you chose 'Classic' mode, there's also Milla the dog girl. She can throw blocks, flutter in the air, and dig up dirt. After briefly trying a stage as her I can confirm that she's pretty nifty.Once all that's done, you can get into the gameplay. The large, beautifully detailed worlds are lots of fun to explore and get pretty creative as you progress. My favorites have to be Fortune Night, Thermal Base, and Pangu Canyon. Nearly every  level is peppered with unique enemies and gimmicks, and even the final stages that reuse previous assets do so in a tasteful 'let's see what you've learned from the prior stages' sort of way.Though Freedom Planet is a truly awesome game, it does have a few minor flaws. Every now and then I would experience a physics-related bug - things like: running outside the room after being thrown into the ceiling during the last battle with Lord Brevon and having my character flip upside down as they hit the corner of a sloped ceiling. However, the gameplay is solid 99% of the time, and even the 16/32-bit classics this game dutifully emulates had these quirks (I'm looking at you, S3&K).My biggest gripe with Freedom Planet would be some of the boss fights. I really enjoy the challenge the majority of them offer, but some of them seem downright unfair. For example, during the final showdown, Lord Brevon's first form is the green airship you previously fought at Battle Glacier. The thing crashes onto the screen, damaging you if you're standing near it with no prior warning - ok, fair enough - however, this time it instantly follows that up with a high speed ram that depletes half your health bar. As far as I can tell, the only way to dodge that attack is using Lilac's ricochet move to gain temporary invincibility. So if too much of your charge bar has been used to, say, jump and attack the ship as it lands, you're going to get wrecked hard. Phase 3 of the Lord Brevon fight is a nightmare as well due to my inability to telegraph his attacks. Bear in mind, these are my thoughts based on a playthrough on 'Normal' difficulty - there are easier modes of play for a more accessible experience.Barring the occasional frustrating boss encounter, Freedom Planet is pretty much perfect. It's definitely worth the $15 pricetag.9/10."
,Recommended,248310,13355258,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,John Gamer,If you like Sonic you'll probably like this. Fast paced gameplay with great fighting mechanics and tough bosses. Amazing OST with a full voiced story to boot. With more characters and stories to come in the future via free update. its obviously worth the 15 dollars. Incredibly underrated and really needs more plays.Fast/10 or 10/10 iunno
,Recommended,248310,11412525,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Rapidkirby3k,"Freedom Planet is a splendid, wonderful platformer that provides hope for 16-bit games in the modern age. Highly recommended!"
76561197973673938,Recommended,248310,12495908,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Shenanigus,"If you've ever wanted to revisit the classic feel of the best 90's platformers, but have been disappointed by more recent attempts to capture those timeless mechanics, then Freedom Planet is the game for you. The controls are solid for all the characters, which each play quite differently, and the level design and music are top-notch. In all honestly, I'd recommend playing on Classic mode in order to skip the story, but I can't consider that too much of a strike against this otherwise outstanding game, since you can always fill in the plot w/ your own imagination, if you're already going back to the '90s."
,Recommended,248310,16822674,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Terra,This game is like liquid happiness being injected directly into your brain.
76561198025191011,Recommended,248310,11373285,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Kinghappy,"It may look similar to Sonic, but once you actually play it, you'll see that it uses partial elements from sonic to create an entirely original game altogether. Don't pass up this game just because of the opinions from people who have not actually played the game."
,Recommended,248310,26625536,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,fluffypastels,"I can tell that a lot of time and effort was put into this game. It's one of my all time favorites, and I'll tell you why.Pros:Nice amount of challengeAMAZING musicgreat character designand an interesting story.All in all, I'd recommend this."
76561198124735735,Recommended,248310,26408384,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Dragozillion,This game is one of the best games I have ever played on steam. the soundtrack is amazing the story is pretty cool I liked the voice acting and the game play is just amazing. I had tons of fun with this game. if your looking for a good platformer you've come to the right place
,Recommended,248310,27895218,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,pseudoartiste,"New favourite game possibly ever! So much Sonic the Hedgehog feels, but different at the same time. An absolute blast to play."
,Recommended,248310,34050310,Posted: 5 August,all,PlatinumLioness,"This game was really a lot of fun, so much in fact, that I beat it in one sitting. It took me just over 4 hours to play through once with Lilac, but I fully intend on replaying with the other characters! Definitely recommend this to any fans of old-school fast paced platforming like Sonic. It helps that so far, the characters all control like amped up versions of Sonic & friends, making the game feel familiar while also adding flair with different moves, power-ups, and REAL VOICE ACTING!9/10, definitely playing through it again! :D"
,Recommended,248310,33798537,Posted: 25 July,all,✪Svenald,"One of the most enjoyable platformers i have played in ages, This has great free-flowing movement and a nice momentum mechanic similar to that of sonic the hedgehog, the 3 playable characters all have diffrent playstyles and movesets (my favourite is  milla). Overall i 100% reccomend this to anyone looking for a well made 2D sidescroller. It also has a large variety of level design,music etc. The boss battles in the game are all unique a fun to do depending on the difficulty you choose which can be changed on the file selcet screen or in the options menu. 10/10 Game a must buy in my opinion"
76561198098607985,Recommended,248310,14636381,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Kristy Blackclaw,I you like Sonic Sega serie game  buy this. or you really miss something.A must have in that genre.The story really nice and the character all interestingThe action almost as fast that sonic (little less but the fight better)Have good content 3 playable character and 2 more playable is coming
76561198300205993,Recommended,248310,28646207,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,MoonstoneRedd,"10/10THE VOICE ACTING,MMMMMMMMMMMMMMM"
,Recommended,248310,12045516,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Varaosa,"ENG:Super game for super heroes!  If you like game like a Sonic, you like this one! <3FIN:Super peli, super sankareille! Jos tykkää pelistä kuten Sonic, pidät tästäkin! <3"
,Recommended,248310,11580229,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,ZelosZalis,"Freedom Planet is a 90s style platformer that hits nearly all the right notes to deliver an experience that I've not felt in ages.This game and Shovel Knight have been godsends for an avid platform gamer like myself.The initial looks of this game give off a very sonic vibe, but even a few minutes into the game that feeling fades, Freedom planet is a game that borrowed ideas from sonic at first (it had fangame roots after all) but quickly improved and evolved into its own thing.I came into FP late so I didn't know of it at all during its fangame state, and you wouldn't know it originally was looking at it or playing it. It all feels very solid and professional; stages have multiple ways to progress and many paths utilize the character's unique abilities to progress, the stages are very colorful and varied taking you across much of the game's world, and the stages are backed by fun but challenging bosses and a kickass soundtrack that make playing the whole game a wonderful experience from beginning to end. The only small complaint I had was the first two stages are ""humble beginnings"" and take place in backwater parts of the game's world so it may not pull a player in fast enough, but even then these stages are colorful and fun to play and the game picks up completely at stage 3.The game has 3 playable characters currently each with their own unique move sets and they do offer some variation in the stage patterns. Carol and Milla being the ones that get to play Trap Hideout while Lilac is the only character that gets to play Pangu Lagoon. Millia currently lacks any story mode but its been discussed that she will have one in the future and other character playability is planned in the future as dlc.A  word of warning for people getting this because they think its like sonic. In many ways its not at all so don't go in expecting that too much. Plot is important in this game unlike sonic and the game takes a far more serious tone with it's story than sonic ever has. This is NOT a bad thing however its just something you need to adjust yourself for to enjoy.I know most of my Reviews say ""get it on sale"" for once I can fully recommend a game at full price in this game. It was THAT good."
,Recommended,248310,11410038,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,UltaKi,"High Speed Action!First Impression: Let's start out by saying I loved Sonic the Hedgehog as a kid and enjoyed the crap out of it. Seeing this game on KickStarter I was amazed on how much Sonic vibe from it.Question: Does that mean this game is similiar/plays like a Sonic game?It mayLOOKlike a Sonic game but how it plays is a whole lot different. The stages, how the characters move and attack and even the bosses have different variety.The Characters: Now this review is taken from my own point of view and thoughts. I am here to say that I adore every voice acting that is shown in this game. The voices are a joy to listen to in the storyline and never annoyed me even for a second. I had many laughs and enjoyment from the humor that each character said.Now one thing I enjoy in cutscenes is that I can skip them at will if I don't want to listen to the same story everytime. Luckily you can skip a certain scene or even skip to the next stage. They even thought ahead to put a nice ""classic mode"" so you don't have to listen to the storyline al all and go stage to stage.Bosses: Surprising the bosses are pretty intense and can really kick your butt if you're not careful and have to start all over but overall I enjoyed how every boss played throughout the story.Small issue:-Some bosses (mostly the final boss) can easily stunlock you and make you almost instantly lose a single life if you aren't prepare.Overall thoughts: If you are big fan of the high speed gameplay in games like Sonic. Then most likely you'll enjoy this game as much as I did!Rating: 9.5/10"
,Recommended,248310,11356022,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Derivitiv,"I can't even express how happy this game made me feel as I played it. Two parts Sonic, one part Rocket Knight, Entirely Awesome. The best 16/32 bit pixel art game I've ever played. It feels like a forgotten Sega Saturn 2D Sonic Spin-off, with all new characters, voice overs, and levels gimmicks. The music is superb, the animation, fantastic, and the game play is fast and furry. It has both a story mode, and a classic mode (levels only), multiple playable characters, huge levels, and even bigger bosses. Lilac The Dragon, Carol the Cat, Milla the Dog, and Torque the...shell duck? Take off on an adventure to take back the kingdom stone and save their planet from evil alien invaders."
,Recommended,248310,30458597,Posted: 11 March,all,Vennom Scandi,"actually my new favorite game.love the story, love the characters, love the soundtrack, love the gameplay.cant say much else. literally everything about this game is perfect imo.255/10"
,Recommended,248310,29488733,Posted: 25 January,all,huskobon,This is how you do that Classic gaming revival done right!  10/10!   Can't wait for the sequel!
76561198046752553,Recommended,248310,13357959,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,MiaowGaiGar,"If you want a quick yea or nay, know this: Freedom Planet is one of the best-designed and most compelling titles I've played in my twenty five year history with video games as a whole, and it continually managed to impress me throughout. It's not perfect, and there are a couple of seams showing, but if you have any fondness for the action platformer genre and are willing to take the game on its own merits, you owe it to yourself to try this one; it sits with Shovel Knight as one of the best of its genre. Be warned that it can be legitimately challenging in the late-going, and if that worries you, dial the difficulty down to Easy for your first run, or even Casual.The Good:- Great stage design that's well-paced and leads the player admirably- Fun presentation and colorful cast- Legitimate challenge- Fantastic soundtrack- Surprisingly long and replayableThe Bad:- Moderate learning curve on each character- Lilac's special meter regenerates a little slowly, causing unwelcome waiting at times- Plot occasionally loses focus and drags- Some bosses can be a little unfairThe Weird:- For a plot so animated, why are Milla's bizarre block-summoning, laser-shielding ways never explained?Now for the detailed version.Let's start by getting this out of the way: the average independent game, like the average game in general, is terrible. My hope for a new generation of developers was new, fresh takes on the ideas that they grew up with, homage to the sensibilities of old while adding new elements, and subtracting outdated ones.Instead, most independent developers use a retro aesthetic because they either don't have the money or talent to do anything else, frequently poorly in their own right, and rather than use the design elements of a bygone age to create new experiences, or at least compelling rehashes of old ones, they frequently miss the point altogether, or simply use the format as delivery for some ham-fisted art project, with little-to-no focus on the gameplay. The results are an overall waste.It took about ten years, but this new generation does occasionally create an exception to this rule, and we were fortunate to see a major one in the way of the aforementioned Shovel Knight, a wonderful romp through one of the earliest periods of video gaming, re-interpreted with a new perspective and vigor that entertains throughout. Freedom Planet somehow pulls off the same feat with a different era, it also making showing its own flavor, and in many ways improving on its source material.Its first and arguably greatest crime, though, isn't even in the game itself. The cover art sells it extremely poorly, and fails to tell the player anything about what it is; I took one look at it and passed it over immediately, not the least bit interested in whatever game it could be. I came across the game again in a random related Youtube video for a totally different game, compelled by the thumbnail, and was immediately intrigued by the gameplay. I expected that, at worst, it couldn't fail to impress more than the generally woeful Sonic the Hedgehog 4: Episode 2.What followed was the surpassing of that and nearly every other expectation I had of it, starting with the surprisingly involved and animated plot. The characters are lively and expressive, and feature a surprising variety of sprites to accompany their dialogue, and the voice acting, which is present for every line in the game, is capable, if a bit too hammy here and there. The whole thing can get cheesy, but it fits, and absolutely feels like it came straight from the 32-bit age. While it's a bit long in the tooth, and takes itself a bit too seriously sometimes, it sets the tone well for the adventure, and can be skipped should one feel so inclined, besides.Whether you get to the gameplay at the story's pace or your own, though, it's immediately comfortable and tight -- Lilac, the character representing Sonic the Hedgehog's style of play, handles well, her gliding double jump gives welcome control in situations where Sonic may otherwise end up in places you didn't want him to be, and her multi-directional air-dash, while requiring some getting used to, is also handy. Carol, a bizarre hybrid of playstyles reminiscent of Mega Man X's Zero, complete with wall jumping abilities, is a riskier and more challenging contrast, and her trademark motorcycle is hilarious fun. They're eventually joined by a third character, whose playstyle is a slower, more deliberate brand that brings to mind, of all things, Tails' Sky Patrol, an old Game Gear game featuring Sonic's fox friend, though bombs are replaced by throwable blocks here.The player guides one of these three through some surprisingly high-quality and well-paced stage design, full of interesting elements and trials to overcome, but mercifully almost entirely devoid of its source material's fondness for sudden drops into pits or facefulls of enemies and spikes. The game very rarely punishes you for not knowing what's coming up, and little is totally missable the first time around. Small design tweaks like these improve the experience without hurting its feel, and you don't realize how much you hate what it deliberately omits until you notice it's not there. Even water, the bane of many a Sonic player, manages to be nothing more than a part of the obstacle course, adding to the experience rather than impeding it. The results are frequently a treat to play, rarely frustrating or discouraging, and surprisingly technically sound, with few glitches and mishaps, something the game's closest inspiration still can't get right with any sort of consistency. Every now and again the stage design doesn't properly direct you or breaks flows in unnatural ways, but overall the game just feels remarkably tight and well-designed.Each stage is capped by a boss, often interesting itself in design. This is where the game bears its true difficulty, and many of your foes, while frequently thrilling, often featuring exciting chases and brisk brawls, are just as frequently challenging; I'm above average in terms of playing ability, and even I died a total of thirty seven times on the default difficulty setting -- although I never ran out of lives -- as in addition to their overall difficult, if welcome, design, the bosses' attacks are sometimes poorly telegraphed or approaching genuinely unreasonable. Extra chances are plentiful, checkpoints are forgiving, and Game Overs are essentially meaningless, but be prepared for the game to get the better of you until you learn to deal with some of the challenges the bosses present, or swallow your pride and dial the difficulty down in advance if you're not up to the potential frustration. Hard mode in particular is aptly named, and even seasoned veterans may find themselves face down more often than expected on the way to the credits roll.Wrapping this package up are charming graphics, if not spectacular ones, and one of the best soundtracks scored. I find music to be the second most important aspect of a game, behind the play itself, as it sets the tone, helps draw the player in, and can excite them for what is to come, or what is currently happening. Freedom Planet delivered beyond my expectations, and every track during the gameplay fails to disappoint, with certain stages and the boss themes enhancing the experience and adding to the enjoyment in ways that wouldn't be possible without it.On the whole, Freedom Planet grabbed me with its sharp production values, and didn't let me go through the entire ride, surprising and delighting me time and again. It has some rough edges, but is regardless a legitimate classic, a game I can genuinely see myself playing and enjoying years from now, just as I have many of the games of the time it borrows from and subtly evolves the ideas of. When you think about how many games you can say that about -- and mean it -- you may realize that that is among the highest praise I could give it."
76561198049094331,Recommended,248310,24400379,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,[FuG] Mr. Nobody,"Freedom Planet might be my all time favorite indie game of all time right now. This game's gameplay reminds me of the  Sonic the Hedgehog games with it's gameplay and Gunstar Heroes with it's amazing boss fights and which are games that I love on the Sega Genesis. The gameplay is really solid and the best thing about this game is how fast paced it is. The story to this game is great, the story has moments where it can be light hearted to dark.The soundtrack to this game is one of the best I have ever heard. The music really reminds me and captures that essence of games back around the late 1990's era of gaming. From outstanding jams to Jade Creek, Fortune Night, Relic Maze, Thermal Base, and my personal favorite Dragon Valley. I really recommend this game to everyone. Just play it you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,248310,11385073,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Draconis Zorah,"Wow, this is quite an impressive Title. Let us start with the flaws first though.- The game has some performance issues. I encountered quite a few large frame rate drops near the first few levels. I imagine in time these will be polished out in time.- No multiplayer - not really a flaw but certainly something to bear in mind.- I had trouble getting it to detect my controller on launch and even after configuring it in options. However, once I rebooted the Title, my controller was detected just fine.The Good:- The gameplay is incredible, something of a cross between sonic and megaman. Each character has their own unique abilities and each have their own learning curve. The gameplay shifts from action to fast paced racing across the screens. The levels are good and lengthy, I loved the boss battles too, some very awesome epic moments and never did a smile leave my face!- The humor involved in the game is amazing and well thought out. Close to the level that MLP has, this may turn some off but I found myself really enjoying the incredible cutscenes and voice acting. The devs knew what they wanted from this and they had fun doing it!- The story is also quite well thought out. Something that is not really unique to games in general but very well thoguht out and again the humor is amazing and reflected nicely in the story. I never found myself saying ""Ugh, get to the point"" or wanting to skip a cutscene.- The Music in this game is also quite amazing. Some really awesome catchy tunes that just brought me to the good old days of 16 bit platforming. You will definitely have some favorites when you hear the awesome soundtrack this Title offers!In conclusion, this really is an amazing game, the length I am seeing for levels and the depth put into the quality voice acting, animation and expressions really takes you for a ride. I can happily reccomend this to all my friends who enjoy silly humor and awesome sonic inspired games. They made this product with a clear goal in mind and it was truly a labour of love. The devs had fun and that is so rare to see these days in games,On a side note, ZOMG more furries in Gaming! YESH DO SUPPORT! :3"
,Recommended,248310,29362192,Posted: 19 January,all,Greedy Kaiser,"Good: High speed platforming done right. Smooth controls, good music, colourful and interesting visuals, multiple characters, challenging boss fights.Bad: Voice acting could be better in some places. Some may find the story takes itself too seriously, and some will definitely find the spikes in difficulty at certain bosses to be frustrating (however there is a difficulty option).The high speed pace of this game is what separates itself from other platformers. Is it like Sonic? Yes, there is definitely  inspiration, but I can't help but feel that classic sonic games where never as consistently fast paced as this, nor were most of the bosses as interesting. Other similarities you may notice are Gunstar Heroes-esque bosses or maybe that one boost ability reminds you of Ristar, like it does for me."
,Recommended,248310,27094202,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,EX.545h,"Freedom Planet is a great game with lovable characters and gameplay, the bosses are always challenging at first which adds to the fun! (well.. if you like a challenge that is, but you can just play it on Casual difficulty ^~^)Another cool aspect to this game is that there are hidden bloopers in the dialogue!The Soundtrack is purely amazing too and I listen to it all the time! (Especially Major Boss Battle Theme)"
,Recommended,248310,22787596,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,RedToad64,"In the same way that Shovel Knight faithfully brought a return to 8-bit retro games, Freedom Planet does the same with those from the 16-bit era. Play as multiple characters with their own seperate stories and run through levels at ease and so fast, it will make modern Sonic titles jealous. Big bosses are also waiting for you to take them on."
,Recommended,248310,11380580,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Aeon,"the sonic game we have all wished sega would make but havent for the last 20 years...It goes one step beyond, and IMO it actually turns out to be better than any of the Sonic games.  It has WAY mroe focus and way more control whiel still maintining the difficult gameplay and teh feelign of speed.  You not only require speed, but precision. It actually makes Sonic seem simple in comparrison, but is easier to get into and paly at the same time somehow.  It basically jsut feels liek waht Sonic should have been.  A game about movign fast and beign badass.   Playing Lilac is an absolute fluid and fun experiance,  she feels better than sonic EVER has.The melee combat as well, I still can't get over how well it blends with teh Sonic style gameplay.   I never woudl have imagined it working.   It looks even more tight in FP2 as well."
,Recommended,248310,11879366,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Digitall33t,"Freedom Planet is totally awesome. It's like Sonic + Gunstar Heroes + Megaman + Mischief Makers with a ton of action and puzzles and more added in, with great action, tough bosses, and more. You will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,248310,11402484,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,☁NiGHTS☁,11/10 Love this game brings me back childhood memories and its alot of fun :D!
76561198078031383,Recommended,248310,11356743,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,KawaiiSeeker,"the game plays as if your controlling sonic in speed but attacking with sparker(rocket knight adventure) and the look of game from ristar. it combine all three characters and makes a great game.the story is simple, bad guy lands on your home world, bad guy ♥♥♥♥s up everything and you gonna save the day.each character plays different, which ups the replay value(like one character has low health but can hover, one can run fast and a other has a bike).there different modes, so there many things to do.the music is awesome. not surprised from one of artist and thats Woofle. she does great soundtracks.the bosses are epic and not too easy but not too hard as well.the only cons i feel is that cut scenes do drag on a bit but the humor and character developments is worth it. you can also pick classic mode, which removes the story and just let you play the game like from the 90's.is it worth the buy?yes but you should also wait when its on sale, if your picky on the price. but the never the less,  its worth every penny.i also recommendRistarhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/34312/rocket knight series(not the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 2010 version)any of the old classic sonic gamesGunstar Heroeshttp://store.steampowered.com/app/71117/"
,Recommended,248310,11368944,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Traductus,"This game is awesome! It reminds me of the classic ""2D Sonics"" games and still it's different enough and comes up with it's own ideas.I really like the graphics (Comic/Pixel) and the soundtrack is quite good.The only thing I've noticed so far is the difficulty, I'm currently at stage 4 and it's sort of easy to get this far. Maybe it's because the Character I choose (yes, you can choose different characters) is just really strong, still it's real fun to play.The levels are quite huge and invite to long explorations if you want to find all secrets. While exploring the levels you don't have to worry about the time, because there's no countdown.Well...you don't want to look for secrets?Good News! You can rush through the levels like you could in the old Sonic games which is quite awesome :DWhat I really like about this game is that you can choose between Adventure and Classic mode.Classic mode throws you right into levels without Story interruptions but I'd recommend the Adventure mode for the first playthrough because the dialogues are quite funny and the speakers (english language) did a good Job.I totally recommend this game!!(even nominated the game for ""The ""Even better than the game it was inspired from"" Award"")!"
,Recommended,248310,11356089,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,King Vegeta,"You can try the DEMO here!http://freedomplanet.galaxytrail.com/download.htmThis game is quite possibly one of the BEST indie game I've played.  Think Sonic, Klonoa, Vectorman, Megaman Zero, & whatever other great action platformer you can think of from days long past then throw them all in a Blender then what do you get?FREEDOM PLANETGreat voice acting, humor inducing cut scenes, cute cuddly furry characters, solid action speed platforming, remarkable retro soundtrack, best boss battles I've ever seen in an old-school game & I've played a lot of old school games.The game has Adventure mode, Classic Mode, & Time Attack.  Adventure is the main game, lots of story & such. The voice acting is top notch & sounds great.  Classic mode is the main game without the cut scenes, but these cut scenes are worth watching.  Time attack is pretty much what it sounds like.  Beat each level as fast as you can.You can play as 2 starting characters & you unlock a 3rd character through the games Story Mode. Each character plays differently.The main character Lilac is a Dragon Speedster who can attack with her hair like a whip & charge a dash in several directions.  While dashing she is immune to damage for about 1 second, but it takes a few seconds for it to recharge. She also has an aerial spin that gives her a slight hover double jump & also does damage but can be hard to control & hit with in certain situations so this move is best used on flying enemies.The second, Carol, is a Feline that can jump up walls & relies on quick attacks which can take out enemies very fast. She also has a motorbike which you can use after finding gas tanks scattered throughout the levels.  This bike enables her to climb any wall & gives her increased mobility & a double jump that also deals damage. Carol is also the easiest to play out of the three characters available.The third is Milla, a Puppy who has less health than the other 2 but can fly & charge to create blocks to then throw at enemies or use them to fire a beam & sheild herself from damage.  You have to unlock Milla by playing the first 2 levels in the Adventure mode & she's currently only available in Classic Mode after unlocking.  Milla will get her own Story Mode later on from what I've heard.There are other characters that will be added later to the game as DLC.The boss fights are fun & challenging.  If playing on the hard difficulty (or even on normal) you will have a rough time.  Every boss feels unique in how they attack you & has a strategy to figure out in order to beat them.  Some bosses have a chain attack & if you get caught in it you can expect nearly certain death.  During the tougher boss fights your friends will show up & throw health pickups your way or help deal damage to the boss with you.The only negative thing I can say about this game is the FPS will randomly drop from it's normal 60 down to 30 at times & it will lock to 30 until you find a level transition.   This problem only occurs when running the game at higher resolutions or in 3x Size mode.  Also, the difficulty can get very frustrating at the later levels, but don't let that stop you from checking this game out.In short, this is the epitome of what games were in the early 90's & anyone who wants a good old school platformer, action game shouldn't miss out on this one."
,Recommended,248310,27310932,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[PNP] DarkFig,Underrated games are the best games.
,Recommended,248310,11415265,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Big Daddy Dub,"Missing that old school Sonic the Hedgehog vibe?  Want some story, voice acting, and action to go with your old school Sonic?  Well, here you go."
76561198213532837,Recommended,248310,25167086,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,yawa ka wang,The best spiritual successor to Sonic the Hedgehog ever
76561198024929063,Recommended,248310,23562664,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Ryu Bateson,"Freedom Planet is a game well worth it's price if you were a fan of older Sonic games but wanted to see it expanded upon.To keep it short, the game's strengths are it's stage designs, music, and character choices. The music is great to listen to, the stages are fun to run though but also explore around with bosses that are tough, and you have several characters to choose from. Lilac a water dragon who can quickly dash around, Carol a wall climbing cat who can ride around in a motorcycle, and Milla a shield and block throwing dog who gives you a different slower pace.The game's biggest weakness has to be the story. WHile I liked it's cheesy Saturday Morning feel, it stretched out in the early part and seems rushed at the end. It also doesn't put much emphasis on explaining the world around you, requiring you to take in quite a bit and assume or figureo ut what people are talking about. Still the upside is that you can either play Classic to avoid the cutscenes all together or play Adventure Mode and skip the cutscenes you don't want to see.Freedom Planet is by no means a perfect game but it's a really fun trip back to fast side scrolling adventures. It's well worth the buy!"
,Recommended,248310,14923050,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Caoimhe Scarlet,"It captures the spark of the megadrive era(Or genesis if you're in the states) but at the same time it expands upon things rather than just playing off the whole retro revival phase, adding voice acting, a great storyline and some really awesome characters into the mix.The gameplay is also fantastic through does take a little getting used to at first.What I do like is that the game captures a good balance of light and dark elements plot wise and doens't go too far towards pandering overly whimsical or try hard edgy."
76561198036092788,Recommended,248310,11383362,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,iNFAMESS,"This is a game worth your time if your a fan of old school action platformers, especially of the Sega variety! No seriously this game is a love letter to old school platformers that graced the Genesis and Saturn!Pros:-Multiple characters with varying gameplay styles.-Huge levels with lots of secrets to encourage exploring.-Amazing Soundtrack from start to finish.-Awesome 2d sprites and backgrounds. (Looks like a straight up Saturn game!!)-Nice Voice ActingCons:-Slowdown in full screen at times.-Next to no invincibilty which can lead to some brutal whoopings, especially from bosses.-No Full health after a completed stage.Other-Long cutscenes (though Classic Mode can remedy this)-Mood whiplash here in there during the plot, couple of scenes (Mostly involving Breven) that might make you question the target audience.-Lilac being called a dragon despite not looking like one.Nitpicking aside this is a pretty awesome 2d Platformer so check it out!"
,Recommended,248310,11394260,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,[BT] Ganey The Slayer of Madness,"Its like Sonic 3, Megaman X, and to some extent Gun Star Heroes had a baby and it was AWESOME!"
,Recommended,248310,11383272,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Nick Noble,"Freedom Planet is a delightfully colorful game that merges plenty of fun types of gameplay together for the player's enjoyment. The controls are snappy and the character designs are (almost) all fairly well done and the voice acting is very pleasant to hear coming out of this type of game! The music is pretty darn good and the stage designs are large, sprawling, and look awesome! There's a lot of different ways to reach the end of an area and secrets hidden all over the maps.For all of its positives, however, there are a few drawbacks: Namely, the story writing is not very coherent, as there are multiple poor attempts made to incite emotions that just fall flat on their face. There are lots of ideas left up in the air that never really get touched on (including the game's title, as ""Freedom Planet"" only mentions other worlds and never takes us to them). And while the bosses are quite challenging for a platforming game, they are often too challenging, with lots of very quick enemy movements, short periods to safely attack, and very hard-to-avoid attacks that make the fights either drag on or end unfavorably quickly. The voice acting is sometimes a little strange, and there are one or two character designs that just never quite look right.On the whole, though, Freedom Planet is a really good platformer and it's a pleasant and refreshing experience, with several playable characters (and more on the way!). If you want a beautiful, innocently joy-filled romp of a game, this is definitely for you.[Also: Cat on motorcycle. Come on, people, this is gold!]"
76561198027286027,Recommended,248310,14327569,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Space Princess,"I keep trying to write serious reviews for this game because I adore it, but this is a game where you get to play as a tomboy Bobcat who rides a motorcycle, a dragon who can just shoot herself through everything in her path with what I presume are magic dragon powers, and a rabbit/dog girl who can fire giant lasers from her hands, and it's hard to write anything serious about something which is so wonderfully ridiculous. It's everything I want from a Sonic game without Sonic, and fixes a bunch of problems I never even realised I had with those games, such as the removal of pace-killing enemies, or a lack of motorcycle-riding tomboy bobcats. Also about a third through the story the characters just stop and watch a movie together and I find that hilarious. It does feel a tiny bit unfinished however, with one character's story cutscenes not yet implemented, and chests full of orbs left in levels which are presumably something to do with the two other characters I've heard will be playable in the future, as they aren't really of any use to any of the current playable characters as far as I can tell. Also bosses are ludicrously hard compared to the rest of the game, especially for Milla who I just couldn't beat the final boss with even on the lowest difficulties due to her lower health, despite spending several hours trying. But honestly that didn't ruin the overall experience for me, and the game is well worth your time and money."
,Recommended,248310,14386238,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Procrastinator Dave,"When I played the demo I instanly said to myself, ""Yep, I'm buying this"". I like this game so much I ignore other things I should do (like eating), to play it. And if that isn't a sign of a good game, I don't know what is."
,Recommended,248310,16652944,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,iZG | IridiuLugia,"So, some say it's just a Sonic ripoff or bad because of it. So here is what I personally think:pros:-fantastic art-glorious soundtrack-It's trying to be different (And it also is in general... despite the simularities to sonic)- +5 Humor-Interesting characters with all their special capabilities-bloopers (not directly in the game, but there is a way to get them ingame)-""ohmygosh that story!"" and (SPOILER! about the ending)ohmygosh that ending of crushing an incapable Brevon into the ship wall because of Lilac's rageneutral (good for some, bad for others):-somewhat high diffriculty (at least normal and hard) (you shouldn't be ashamed if you die on normal... around 30+ times)-you can sometimes see the later story coming...  But then again it fits really well,  despite being somewhat Cliché-steep learning curve/no tutorial/no hints of how to beat a boss efficiently -- then again it reminds of earlier games without the internet, so hold your Chrome, Firefox, Internet Exp.. wait ... ehem ... Opera closed, thank you. Otherwise it may take some of it's nostalgica.cons:-Ehem,... well...and the neverending journey of finding something particular bad ...Well, nevertheless it's my opinion, so you could disagree on some points.And, is it a Sonic ripoff? - Maybe at first glance, but at least I had not the impression of it being somewhat of a cheap ripoff.. 'though some parts are taken from Sonic, but what the heck ..."
,Recommended,248310,15449208,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,break,"Wow...just wow !!If you grew up with a SEGA Genesis/Megadrive, you will instantly fall in love with this game.The lastest update fixes the bulk of the bugs/problems with the game...also you can now play this on PC, Mac, and Linux.Not sure if this game will ever go on sale, but if it does...you would be doing yourself a disservace by not adding this scoop of happiness to your library."
76561198182033955,Recommended,248310,33449657,Posted: 11 July,all,androidwielder,"Just beat this game. It's got fun, satisfying gameplay, beautiful environments, a great soundtrack, tight controls and some amazing bosses. The only potential turn-off is the difficulty in the later stages. If you don't appreciate a harsh challenge, then you probably won't have the motivation to beat it. Oh, and some of the mechanics aren't very intuitive. You'll probably need a manual to understand all the components of the gameplay, but I guess it beats in-game tutorials. Overall, I'd give it a 9/10.Also, it's not a Sonic game. Stop calling it a Sonic game."
76561198103824551,Recommended,248310,33890629,Posted: 29 July,all,TheyCallMeMJ,"Freedom Planet gives me that pure feeling known as 'fun'. A feeling that I had lost track of for about a decade.9/10 - (Bought on the expectation that it holds up against Sonic 3 & Knuckles, it does not disappoint.)Definitely inspired by Genesis Sonic, you will meet with these familiarities.Combat and narrative features are simply different, though, because this is not Sonic.Anything wrong with it?- Allergy warning: It's cheesy, do you love cheese?- Voice acting has varying quality, volume, and pronunciation of names... (Zao)- Carol has serious issues fighting airborne enemies.- Expect brick walls of difficulty while you learn boss fights.- Incomplete oddities like treasure chests exist.I thoroughly enjoyed the rest, cheese included!...And the soundtrack is epic."
,Recommended,248310,31648030,Posted: 9 May,all,Brudoss,- Good level design- Good character design- Good Story- Nice soundtrack- RAGEQUIT AS ****- **** THAT BOSS FIGHT- GOD DAMN IT EVERYTHING CAN KILL ME- Shut up and take my money
,Recommended,248310,13301533,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Cyril,"When I first heard of this game, I expected something I'd really love.I wasn't disappointed.Freedom Planet is a 2D platformer that takes elements from many other games and combines them into a new and interesting game. Yes, there are elements from Sonic. And Rocket Knight Adventures. And Gunstar Heroes. I haven't even played two of those three but I probably will if this game is any indication of their quality. It's not a rip-off of any one game/series in particular though.Now that that's out of the way, what is there to like about this game? Well, a lot.First off, the art is gorgeous, every level looks unique and there's a lot of detail put into every level. The music is also fantastic as well, not a bad track found here and the level themes all fit very well for the stages/bosses.Also, the gameplay is, simply put, fantastic. There are 14 levels in all (though only 12 per storyline) and each is a rather large and rather diverse. They're all designed so that you can speed through them if you want, but also explore them to your heart's desire (as there are very few points of no return aside from screen transitions). The stages may take a while to get through the first time, especially if you explore around them, but soon you'll find that the speedrun achievement times are pretty darn generous.Each of the three characters (with two more planned) controls differently and interestingly. Lilac has a double jump/attack and the aforementioned Rocket Knight dash, as well as an uppercut and downward kick that are both useful in combat and in platforming. Carol has an air dash that can lead into a powerful slash, an infinite wall jumping ability, and a close range flurry of kicks that also double as invincibility frames. Plus, finding a gasoline can gives her a motorcyle with contact damage at higher speeds, a double jump/attack similar to Lilac's, and the fastest base speed of any character in the game. Milla's a bit of an odd one out, with primarily ranged attacks and a shield that can be used to reflect projectiles back at opponents. She also has a flight ability similar to Tails (though far, far shorter). Though I personally prefer Lilac over the others, I have seen plenty of evidence to suggest that all three are quite good in their own distinct ways.A few other comments about character controls: The lack of invincibility frames after being hit provides a further incentive to avoid damage, while also making some boss attacks especially deadly. All three characters can swim, and quite swiftly, making water stages much less something to be dreaded and actually quite enjoyable, though there aren't a large number of them. There are 5 different shields that all have their uses, every single one providing an auxillary function aside from protecting from a certain attack. And there's no knockback when you lose your shield, one of the worst mechanics that the classic sonic games had.The bosses in the game start off pretty tame but ramp up in difficulty fast. You are expected to fail against many of them before you figure out how to dodge their attacks while dealing damage, but they almost never feel unfair and it's very rewarding to finally knock down a boss that's been giving you ire. The difficulty curve throughout the game is also very smooth, no sudden spikes or wildly varying difficulty curves. The game starts off fairly easy yet you hardly notice it when it's suddenly really bloody hard, because there's nothing that comes out of nowhere and puts a huge roadblock in your way. It's tough, but fair.Unless you play on easy/casual mode, you wimp.So yeah. The negatives, then. While I personally don't have a problem with it, the voice acting and story may put some off. There are, at the very least, a few scenes that go on too long or could've been cut entirely to keep the pacing of the game better. The story isn't amazing but it's passable, and the voice actors all do a pretty good job, though I'm not blown away by any of their performances. A few off the bosses aren't quite that great either, most notably the stage 6 preboss/boss segment as Carol, and the Lilac stage 7 and everyone stage 8 final bosses are also a bit on the tedious side. The lives system also seems a bit unnecessary, as there is, as far as I can tell, no real penalty for game-overs.There's not much about this game that I can knock it down for, though, it's a very well designed game as a whole and tons of fun. I've clocked nearly 30 hours in under a week, which probably says something about how much I'm enjoying it. I bought an awesome game expecting an awesome game and I got what I came for."
76561198012508147,Recommended,248310,13259062,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,K'apri Z. Rotolf,Waited 20 years for another one of these.
,Recommended,248310,11428787,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,𝓗𝓔𝓛𝓛RED🔥🎃,"This game does not try very hard at hiding it's inspiration. Everything about this game takes from other games, in example, the ""Lilac"" character having the same attacks as Rocket Knight, or the ""Carol"" character having take same attacks as Chun-Li from street fighter, right down to the sprite animation. The music and sound effects are heavily inspired by their Sonic counterparts, and you'll find yourself constantly thinking ""I've heard/seen that somewhere before."" I understand everything in the world is derivative, but isn't creativity the art of hiding your sources?Having said all that, the game is VERY fun. The boss difficulty curve goes through the roof. Have fun with that."
76561197970265843,Recommended,248310,11357809,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,HawkleyFox,"Sonic and Megaman had a baby and its name is Freedom Planet, and it's one hell of a ride.  Must buy!"
,Recommended,248310,11382614,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Ｈ,"Players keep comparing this toSonic the Hedgehog.I was a NES/SNES kid growing up; I never really spent a whole lot of time in front of Sonic on the Sega Genesis, so I don't feel compelled to make a connection. What the graphics in this game do remind me of, however, is one of theMegamantitles on Super NES which I did put a lot of hours into at the time. Maybe it's the shiny spritework and spiffy music, I don't know.The Good:- Again, lively artwork with lush color palettes.- Unique-looking and cute characters (especially the girls).- Tight controls (I had trouble with the analog stick, use the D-Pad).- Most music tracks are catchy and in no way monotonous.- Collect-a-thon sidequests for replay value.The Not so Good:- Mediocre, predictable and somtimes wayward plotline.- Shallow challenge, even on the hardest difficulty.- Unbalanced PCs -- Milla has a hard time keeping up.- NPC vocal acting ranges from monotone to over-the-top.It took me about three hours to complete Lilac's campaign on normal difficulty. I played some time trials with Milla and hardly touched Carol. I'll probably replay the game twice more with the other two girls while attempting to collect all the cards which apparently unlock bonus artwork. I may come back to it down the road when the planned patch/DLC comes out which will add new PCs and other content.Four out of five stars / ****"
,Recommended,248310,11459976,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,PSOCecil,"I never really heard of the Kickstarter for this at all, and only heard about it a few days from release. I'd heard talk of a ""Sonic fan game"" that became it's own thing, but never really looked into it, despite being a huge fan of the older Sonics (some of the new ones are okay, too).  A friend of mine pointed me to this, and I downloaded the demo, and I was hooked. The day the game launched, I was right there at 10 AM when Steam updated to download it.  I expected a fun little game, but what I ended up getting is perhaps one of my favorite games of the year, thus far.Visually, the game looks like an early sprite-based PS1 or Saturn game, and that's pretty neat. The sprites are detailed, the style is great, but the only gripe is the use of real time rotation. It always looks kind of cheap... why not just do how Sonic did? Then again, Sonic didn't have 3 characters (to begin with), each with attack animations and whatnot, so, whatever. It's a small gripe.The music in Freedom Planet is spot-on, a fantastic OST. Pretty much every time I heard Brevon's theme, it stuck with me. The main theme itself is fantastic, too.The story and the acting have caused a bit of conversation, I've been seeing. Personally, while some of the lines are rather.... bad, most of them are fine, and most of the actors themselves do a fine job, stand out characters being Mayor Zao and Carol.  The story itself gets surprisingly dark at times, as well. No real plot twists here, just a straightforward adventure, but it does end mostly satisfyingly.The three characters play VERY differently, with Lilac being faster, Carol being a tad slower but having more focus on combat, and Milla being a puzzle game of sorts, with her ability to create blocks and such. Milla, unfortunately, doesn't have a story mode yet, and bits of her exclusive content in her Classic Mode stages look unfinished (that Minecart, guys, it looks like something you made in MSPaint).However, all in all, I stand by what I said. This is right up there with Shovel Knight and Super Meat Boy as perhaps my favorite indie games, if not some of my favorite games, period. To Sonic fans, Freedom Planet is better than Sonic 1 and 2. Perhaps not better than 3&Knuckles, though. That said, though, this does enough to separate itself from Sonic, and I hope we see more in this story.PS: Lange, if you're reading this, thanks for answering people's questions on that forum. I'm sorry for some people being ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, but your honesty was refreshing, amid the PR jungle that most games traverse."
,Recommended,248310,12323391,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Young Birk,"This game is one of the best platformers I have played. It takes aspects from many different games and combines them to form a well balanced and interesting game. On top of that, the soundtrack is amazing! The art coupled with the soundtrack is what intially caught my attention. If you're thinking of getting this, do yourself a favor and just buy it."
,Recommended,248310,12702071,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,DeafPereira,"I'm Deaf, my first hear music is Sonic 2 in stage 1, When I listen this music in the first time made me cry and happy.After many years, my friends told me that ""Ei, go play one game call ""Freedom Planet"" and you will be big happy!!"" then, when I started play this game, I started cry because I still remember this style game like Ristar, megaman, Sonic, etc.....This game is amazing, challenge, graphics, gameplay, controller, all is perfect and Music is awesomeThank you for creation this game, really thank you, I love this game and enjoyingI'm happy to buy this game.sorry my english if is badEDIT:  I did re-review this again because I just did nominated this game for awards, is best game all time!!"
,Recommended,248310,11356840,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,tek automata,"This game does Sonic better then Sonic does Sonic. Seriously, it's awesome. It feels a little different gameplay wise but in a good way.  Lots of stages and levels, the voice acting is quite good and the spritework is the hotness. Great music as well. Just a great platformer in general. Would highly recommend!"
,Recommended,248310,11357458,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Leifi-wan Kenobi,"fun, colourful, i like it, enjoyed what i played of it"
,Recommended,248310,11789656,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Quyzbuk,"(More in-depth thoughts after the lists below)The GoodThe music3 Unique characters to play as with very different ways of traversing levels and fighting bossesAt least one unique level accessible to each one of the characters but not the othersThe boss fights - Effort! So much diversity and work was put into them!The level design / flowThe ambience and synergies between the art and design usedThe gameplay itself, no lazy regenerating health systems, no overly generous amounts of health, if you screw up, you will be penalized, there is no hand holding here, at all.Plenty of things to keep coming back to levels for - speed runs, collectibles, alternate paths, etc.Lots of fun little surprises outside of the gameplay itselfThe villain and final confrontation(s) against himThe difficulty - this game WILL kick your♥♥♥♥♥and depending on where you are in the game, even have the villains laugh at you for screwing up.The use of familiar elements from other games whilst keeping a fresh and unique take of their ownThe BadHonestly nothing by my standards... but... (see below)The Nitpicks(things not worth subtracting any personal points over, but worth noting)The voice work can be a little spotty in some places (maybe more than some depending on your own personal tolerance), but it isentirely optional. There are some moments, particularly with the villains, where the actors really nail the moment though and enhance the overall experienceThe dialogue can be a bit corny in some spots as well... again though, completely optionalThere is a restart option on the in-game menu, but it really isn't particularly useful from any point of view I can think of right now as it only brings you back to your last checkpoint and subtracts a life. This is okay for speedrunning, but a more traditional restart would've been appreciated too.The more anime-ish bits of art (more of a personal anti-preference)People on their first playthrough may experience a few cheap deaths to the later bosses as they can be really punishing to the uninitiated, particularly since they all do so much in their respective fights. It will enhance the 'fun' factor on your subsequent visits thoughThe Verdict++ I LOVE this game. At $15, this is a steal for the quality of entertainment value it brings, one that I would've gladly paid more for. I cannot recommend it highly enough, this is pretty much everything I wanted in a game of this genre. The developer did such a great job making everything come together.If nothing else, try the demo and see what you're in for.-----------------------------------------------------------------------The lengthier thoughtsThis game wasn't on my radar, at all in fact... mostly because I didn't know it was in development or existed for that matter. What got my initial attention was a chance encounter with a couple player reviews as I was browsing the (non-specific) section of the Steam Community hub. Seeing the game compared to other titles I was familiar with (Rocket Knight/Sparkster, Megaman, Pulseman, and Sonic), as well as mentions of the difficulty included within piqued my interest enough that I decided to check the store page to see what was up. When I saw the gameplay trailer, I was more or less hooked to the point where I decided that I wanted the game, and didn't want to wait for a sale.Indeed if you have any fond memories of the aforementioned games (preferably their 90's versions), you likely will recognize many familiar elements scattered throughout, but with a fresh take on their iterations in this game. Regardless of whether those memories are present or not, you should be able to create quite a few new ones from Freedom Planet.The gameplay itself is the shining star here as it should be. There are currently 3 characters available for play and one additional on the beta branch.- Lilac has your Rocket Knight elements built into her skillset, being able to boost in almost any direction when her special meter is full. She is in general a very fast fighter and makes great use of open spaces with the rest of her moves, particularly her cyclone attack which can be used on the ground or in the air to unleash a devastating flurry of attacks, and even increase her maneuverability.- Carol is your wall jumping, fierce melee fighter who can make best use of tighter spaces. What she lacks in her open-space mobility (when she doesn't have her motorcycle power-up), she makes up for by being able to pull herself out of danger by scaling any nearby surfaces. With her motorcycle, she gains the ability to double jump, boost her speed when on the ground, and ride up walls rather than having to jump up them Megaman/Super Meat Boy style.- Milla is a more defensive-based ranged character, who summons 'phantom blocks', projectiles which can be thrown, or used to enhance her shield blast which also doubles as a means to reflect/absorb most enemy projectiles. She also has the ability to fly temporarily while in the air, and dig into the mostly sparse, softer surfaces to find items to help her along her way. Mastery of these attacks will allow for more aggressive gameplay.Enemies themselves for the most part do not wound you on impact. This typically tends to be the standard for games of this genre, which also tended to lead to some aggravating, not to mention avoidable damage/deaths and slowdowns. Make no mistake, many will hurt you, very badly in some cases, but you'll at least have time to react so that any mistakes will be player side and not because of bad design.The bosses are some of the best moments of the game due to the fact that they evolve in many different ways over the course of the fight. Some of the encounters have a bit of randomness added to make the fight unpredictable, others add new attacks/patterns as you bring them to different damage thresholds/phases, a couple speed up as they become closer to death, some even behave differently if playing on 'hard' difficulty. All in all there's a nice variety of elements to each boss fight to make them fun (but not necessarily any easier) with each subsequent playthrough. That said, it is worth noting that you will likely meet with a few cheap deaths on your first playthrough as there are a couple ""surprise!"" moments that will badly hurt you toward the later levels, whether from an unexpected attack, or just the number of instances you take damage from failing to dodge something particularly painful. I like to think that it will increase the fun factor though after the initial shock wears off.The music is phenomenal as well, we're talking the kind of quality that stays with you after you stop playing, that, assuming you don't also buy the soundtrack, you will listen to over and over outside the game.I could go on and on, but the main thing that any perspective buyer needs to know here, is that this game does essentially everything right that matters and where it matters."
,Recommended,248310,11363840,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,MiG-21bis Fishbed-L,"An incredible platformer with a lot of love and effort poured into it.Freedom Planet sets out to do what 90% of other Indie platformers set out to do: recreate the experience of a classic 90s or earlier game.Most utterly fail in this and only serve to deliver the player an experience without effort and anything worthwhile. This is the case for those that don't even try that. Games like Super Meatboy, Fez, and so many others offer up nothing in the ways of challenge or anything actually memorable save for the obnoxious publicity seeking invalids that put in the baseline effort to make them.Freedom Planet is the utter antithesis of that. What apparently started as a Sonic fan game has even transcended that. It's a case of the student becoming the teacher. In the end, the game finds its own voice while harkening back to golden age platformers. Sure, this will beg comparisons to Sonic's classic games (I found it to have more similarities to Ristar in many ways, not a bad thing) but bring them on.Freedom Planet is better than the Classic Sonic games. This is seriously one of the best platformers ever made. Everything about this game is outstandingVisually sharp and beautiful, the pixel work is topnotch and animations are so smooth and fluid. Environmental details are exquisite and the atmospheric touches reveal the kind of love the developers put into this.The musical score is fantastic and heightens the experience with awesome tunes, the voice acting is well above average for any video game.The gameplay starts out pretty simple and easy, but ramps up quickly but not insurmountably so. You're given plenty of lives and you better learn the tricks and level gimmicks to get farther. I actually have to go out of my way to nitpick something: There's a level toward the very end that brings the flow to a screeching halt. This is seriously the biggest criticism I can level against it.The story isn't ground breaking, but it's all tied up very nicely and makes sense. Characters are likable and you do feel some emotional involvement with them.GalaxyTrail has not just made an homage to classic platformers; they've created a near perfect specimen of one. If you like 2D Platformers, this is a game you simply must have. If you're a child of the '90s who grew up with a Genesis/Mega Dive, this game is a must have. If you would like to see games have artistic merit, this game is a must have.In short, Freedom Planet rules. Get it."
76561198045877103,Recommended,248310,11355351,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Blademan-Z,"The best Sonic game to come out in years.  What?  This isn't a Sonic game?  Eh, my initial statement still stands..."
,Recommended,248310,11355550,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Kfcnyancat,It's a Great GAME! 10/10
,Recommended,248310,11355314,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,That british guy :3,my god...this game was sooooooooo much better than i thought it was gonna be! waay past my expectations ! :3
,Recommended,248310,12500505,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Rob,"It's every 16-bit game you ever loved, and it's even better than you remember them.Everything about this game screams ""labour of love.""  Immaculate spritework.  Absurdly well-thought out, multi-layered level design.  Ingenius, perfectly balanced boss encounters.  A soundtrack so inspired I purchased it immediately after the 2nd level.  A story straight out of a 90s Saturday morning cartoon show.  (... for better or for worse - and if you think that's for the worse, hop in the Classic mode)Freedom Planet does something to me that no other game has done, not in a very long time.  It is difficult to express.  It just... *feels* good to play.  The motion.  The attacks.  The sound.  Something woven into the core fabric of every facet this game.  It's not just well done, it FEELS good.  It feels *right*.If I were James May, I'd call it a fizzing sensation.If you grew up a child of the 80s or early 90s - your gaming early years have returned.  Most impressive of all, is that Freedom Planet is no mere homage.  Not just a love letter.  No nostalgia trip.  It is not retro.  It stands proudly on its own accomplishments.Games like this don't come around often.  Simply outstanding."
,Recommended,248310,11356785,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,DatOneCharizard,"If you love the feel of the classic Sonic the Hedgehog games, along with other classic gaming titles, you need to give this game a try. I have been playin this game nonstop since I bought it because of how much fun I have playing it. The game controls a lot like Sonic the Hedgehog 1,2, and 3, but you are also given an attack and special button and each one is unique to each character, and while the old sonic titles gave you a lot of speed and little to no reaction time, for some of us at least, you are given enough room to react and speed to react to your surroundings and obstacles. Aside from gameplay, the levels are given very nice length, none of the levels feel too long or too short, however, some levels may prove to be challenging as there are different paths, areas with collectables, and some enemies will really annoy the hell out of you at times. The art is stylish and cool, the music is kick♥♥♥♥♥ and the story is a nice add in. Also, if you dont want to listen to the story, fear not, for there is a classic mode to where you pick your character and go. Overall, this game is definately worth buying and extreamly fun to play."
,Recommended,248310,11355654,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,baron von jiggly,Great fun game and AN AMAZING CHALLENGE LIKE FUN HARD
,Recommended,248310,13821567,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Bokkun,You COULD buy Sonic Boom for around 50 bucks; or you could buy this SUPER AWESOME RAINBOW COLORED CANDY COATED MONDO SUPREMO HELL OF A game for 15 dollars.  I feel like I've made the right choice.
76561198067330202,Recommended,248310,23097567,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,InsaneSeishiro,"It follows in the footsteps of the oldschool sonic games.If You liked those, you will pretty much love this game!The levels are beatifully crafted, there is a wide variety of enemys and every bossbattle is unique(some of them are hard as nails too).To top it off, the game has 2 playable characters, so there is also a lot of replayability, at least for a second playthrough(I just finished my first playthrough with the purple girl, so I can't say for sure how the green cat feels).But if you have even the slightest bit of interest in reto inspired plattformes, that actually ARE retro inspired and don't try to sell ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics with that slogan, then this is the game for you!"
76561198029152484,Recommended,248310,11424105,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,WhiteKitsu,"This Game Is A Dream Come True (for me anyway), Its a Blast from the Past! I Reccomend this Game to ANYONE Who Played the Mega Drive(Genesis) Growing Up!What Can I say about Freedom Planet? well....It's Most Awesome!!The Music Is Divine, The Bosses are Massive and Get Progressively Harder as the fight goes on.The Control Is Perfect Plays Like a Mega Drive Controller But with a Keyboard(That's How I Played anyway)!The Graphics Are Beutyful to Look at and The Sprite Work Is Masterful!The Story IS Very Well Done and I Can't Say Much else Without Spoiling It.The Voice Acting is Top-Notch and Omahdon Voice's Some of the Characters (Ithink...) and The Characters are Very Likeable!I Rate This A 10/10 This Game Awesome and Worth the Wait! (for Me Anyway)"
,Recommended,248310,24245787,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Seasonsgray,"You might have heard this a thousand, or for the first time, but It is so similar to Classic Sonic but like not in a way. First It has an awesome story, I REALLY like the characters, and great gameplay. I'd give it a 9/10"
,Recommended,248310,23074093,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Windusk,"Being a Sonic Fan myself, when I've played this game for the first time, I've immediatly fall in love with it. This game is simply one of the best games I have ever played. It's fun, the characters are interresting, the music it's amazing, the plot is cool.I would gave this game a perfect score, really.If you are a fan of Sonic The Hedgehog, or you simply like retro gaming, you are just gonna love this game."
,Recommended,248310,29405861,Posted: 21 January,all,Shadewrecker,"Many people call this game a sonic rip-off, and it is true that it started off as a fan game, however, this game has proved itself to be better than every sonic game released in the last 20 years, so I think it deserves its credit.  I had a blast with Freedom Planet, and with it being one of my favorites, I'd say it deserves a solid 4.5/5. Not perfect, but a fantastic addition to any platformer fan's library."
,Recommended,248310,29678569,Posted: 3 February,all,Teh Spearhead,"I bought this a while back because a friend plays a character in it, I had completely forgotten about it since the other day and I'm so glad I started playing this gem again. The gameplay is great, the story was interesting and since discovering that the three characters have their own unique takes I've been playing through them to get more bang for my buck.Very happy to hear of a sequel in the works, Galaxy Trail you're on my watchlist from now on!"
,Recommended,248310,11367930,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Kay G.,"If you like the platforming games of yore, then there should be no question as to whether to buy Freedom Planet."
,Recommended,248310,14273368,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,-[FF]- ZanderFox,"If you're lover of old retro style platforming games then Freedom Planet is worth having in your gaming library. It originally start off as a Sonic fan game, but the creator and the developers decided to change the game completely and have it's own unique identity which is pretty original and fresh again. A throwback to the classic Sonic series, Megaman series, Gunstar Heroes, Sparkster, and Rinstar which is a huge combination of them.Freedom Planet will make you fall in love in them again, this lovely action platformer features a interesting cast of characters and this time the main heroes are female than the usual male. The characters for the story can grow on you, despite some people say about the voice acting and dialogue. Actually, it is not really bad and has a charm to it which makes the game a gem. This game has a phenomenal great soundtrack that is catchy and something you can't get enough from. Another thing is Freedom Planet could have been on PlayStation 1 and Sega Saturn back in 1998 or 1999! Since, it is huge nod to Japanese import titles of that time. With full voice acting, beautiful graphics, unique sounds, and a decent storyline. This game is not to be missed if you love Sonic and other action platforming games of old. So, buy this game today and be glad there are people who do it for the art instead of profit numbers.Support Freedom Planet and free the planet!Lilac, Carol, and Milla will be happy to assist you if you're a outworlder or an alien who needs help of moving foward to the mission on their planet Avalice."
,Recommended,248310,15525457,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Serpentine TDH,"This game is very fun and nice to look at with all the attention to detail .The stages are fun and Original!!The boss battles are fun, creative, and explosive!!I recomend this game to any platformer, or 16 bit era fan.This game is amazing and worth you money, plus they will be adding new characters to play as in the near future"
,Recommended,248310,11366675,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,SpeedComics,"Before I start, Just a question... Why is ""Y"" the pause button with the Xbox controller? I mean, it doesn't really take anything away from the game plus the fact that you can still change it on the options, but still... Y?... (Please, Ignore that terrible pun just there)Anyway, I've only played Adventure mode so far, but still, the game's tons of fun! Also reminds me a lot of the many flash games I used to play before, probably another reason why I enjoy it so much, still, it's not perfect, the game feelz pretty unfair when it comes to the boss fights, coming to a point where I had to lower the difficulty just for them, also the fact that it didn't matter how much I lowered the sensitivity of the analogstick, it still was way too sensitive, thank goodness I could change the settings to move with the directional pad instead... Kinda wonder why that wasn't default too actually, D-pads are normally better for sidescrollers... Oh well... I also gotta complain in the fact that... I feel like  having to play adventure mode twice just to see the complete story is kinda pointless... I mean... Both characters go most of the time through the same events so... Would it have made more sense if we simply switched characters through the story to get the complete experience? If the reason behind this is to be able to play every level with every character... Wouldn't classic mode work for that?... It might be just me thought...Aside from that, it's pretty top notch, this mix up betwen the Sonic kind of platforming and the fighting style (from that game which name I don't remember...) made for a pretty enjoyable experience!And also... It's pretty short!! What? You think that's a negative? Hell no! The games I've being playing lately have being so dreadfully long it's really a breath of fresh air to have one being short! It has replay value so it's not like if you were going to get bored of it in a day!Summing up, the game is great! with great level design and outstanding visuals! It's a great start for the people at Galaxy Trail! And I'll be waiting to see what you'll bring us next! (If you have planned anything, that is...)"
,Recommended,248310,11371832,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,TBS,"I played and compleated the game with Lilac today and personally I like this game.  It has a lot of characteristics of sonic and megaman put together.  Some of the dialog in this game is extreamly corny, but very cute.  very much like sonic as you start the level and run through it till you make it to the boss of sub boss.  Megaman aspect comes into play with the disapearing platform blocks and having to attack enemies not by just jumping but slashing, speed dash and tornado spins.  Bosses difficulty jump is very hard to discribe, at first it gradually climbs but then like half way through the game the boss levels jump by like 3 to 4 levels per level.  Main villain/final boss is a bad♥♥♥♥♥  Super powerful and extreamly skilled, you will most likely die to him a few times.  Music for this game is outstanding and really well done.  There was though many questions unanswered in this game making me think there will be a sequal to this game.  Still have to complete the game with Carol to see if any of these answeres are given.  If there is a secret hidden boss tougher then the final boss, have not been able to locate it so i will still have to look through the levels with the characters and see if I can find one.  Ok time to rap this up...........Gameplay: 9.3music: 9.8graphics (2d): 9story: 8.7overall: 9.2This game was well worth the $15 spent"
,Recommended,248310,13535316,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,[Hachi-Mama],"If you like Sonic, then you'll like Freedom Planet.:^)"
,Recommended,248310,16376215,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,DXLelouch,This game is greatGreat platformer and the bosses require you to actually think or your deadThe Music is amazing as wellBUT IT!
,Recommended,248310,33728391,Posted: 22 July,all,Deciduous Clouds,"fixes everything that was wrong with classic sonic games: freedom planet is rewarding to be good at, but still fun when you aren't playing perfectly. it treats speedy and slick gameplay not as a reward for playing well but as a core appeal of the game+ health meter instead of rings makes it so that players are still punished for mistakes but it doesnt feel like you have to lose all of your momentum+ momentum is NOT required for going up walls but it does make it much quicker,+ fighting enemies and bosses feels like almost like a satisying puzzle where you have to use all the tools you have instead of just a war of attrition where you feel like you have to be super duper careful and trick the game into thinking that you deserve to win+ voice acting is cheesy but funive only played like an hour of this game but i absolutely Love it,"
,Recommended,248310,11378838,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,ulrich5000,"This game came as a surprise to me. I heard nothing of it prior to launch but I was interested right away. Freedom Planet is a throwback to the old school Sega Genesis days of mascots like Ristar and Sonic The Hedgehog and it pulls it off fantastically while still being able to stand on it's own. I can safely say this game is every bit as fun as the trailers made it seem (even more)! The levels are really diverse with different pathways, the physics are great, boss battles are creative and fun, the voice acting is really good and the sound track is top notch!Besides the story, the game packs a Classic Mode that strips away all the cutscenes and plays all the levels in order, and a Time Trial mode. More features will be added and free so it won't get dull. It's a highly replayable game with huge levels and a lot of collectables. It also comes packed with achievements that let you look at the game a bit differently, for example there might be a different way of taking down a boss so experimenting and going through the levels more than once is highly recommended.The controls can be configured to your liking so the button layout is never a chore to learn. The characters are easy and fun to control and it's a blast to play through each level. Everything pops out and is beautifully colorful, the sprites and character designs are amazing to look at, and every level still feels fresh after continuous playthroughs. I honestly can't think of anything wrong with this game, it's the perfect example of an Indie game done right! Do yourself a favor and buy this game! If you're an old school gamer you'll love it. It's highly inspired by the old genesis games but there's so much to love. It has a compelling and interesting story and it should not be missed!I give it a 10/10!"
,Recommended,248310,11365340,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,thranxoth,"It's probably not the price point many would want to pay, but it shows its stuff in pure quality.  This really harkens back to all the genesis / 32x / snes games I played back in the day.  Someone on the forums nailed that the game is very reminiscent of Rocket Knight Adventures or Gunstar Heroes moreso than all the Sonic'esque videos that are in the previews.  I have enjoyed it immensely as it takes you back to those skill / fun games you grew up on.  The fact that it has a reasonably interesting plotline helps it along as well.Only downside, depending on your tolerance for high, squeaky voice acting, the main characters might have you clawing your ears out.  The voice acting is well done, it just might hurt your ears."
,Recommended,248310,14753762,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Arashi アラシ,"Honestly, this is one of the greatest games I've ever played. I could give many reasons why this game is so great. For one, the visuals in the levels are fantastic. Additionally, there's a great variety of levels, with each being different from the last. The character designs are incredible, and the sprites are VERY well done.Every character in this game plays differently, so there's no copy-pasta when it comes to the characters. Lilac is fast, generally ideal for speedruns. Carol is more combat oriented, and has this amazing gravity defying motorcycle she can use to go faster. Milla can use a shield which can deflect projectiles, and she can also fly. With three characters to play as, each with her own set of levels, there's plenty of replay value. Also, there are achievements, which add even more replay value.The levels are well done, the distribution of enemies, health, crystal shards, and other gimmicks is reasonable. Sometimes, there will be areas that are more difficult than others to get through, but what fun is a game if there's no challenges to overcome? The bosses are great as well. They can be a challenge, especially when first playing through the game, but if you keep fighting the bosses, it can become easier to defeat them.Overall, I think this is a fun fast-paced platformer, with a fair difficulty, great visual design, plenty of replay value, and a great soundtrack too. If you like fast-paced platformers (like Sonic), I recommend this game. Or if you have any concerns or doubts that it's for you, at least check out the demo. The demo will give you a good idea of what the game is like."
76561198003894807,Recommended,248310,15209228,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,KittyConCarnage,This game is amazing. It's like the best genesis game that never was. The levels are huge and tons of fun to go full speed through or take your time and explore. It's pure platforming fun. I can't recommend it enough.
76561198002664838,Recommended,248310,11795333,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Jamo Pimp,"This game is like a legend! I'm dead serious!If you like platform games, you are probably going to love this game! And im 100% serious! This is like my favorite game of all time!10/10Five stars!It's amazing!Im now preying for a sequal!"
,Recommended,248310,15878227,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Kotlol,"Normally I wouldn't write a review but I enjoyed the game so much during my stream marathon.If you like Sega Genesis Classic style this is the one.It blends classic games together. Mostly Sonic and Gunstar Heroes.It perfects on all those formula's into one crazy ride of a game.The only thing I would say is if you play story mode.I am not saying the story is bad or the voice acting is bad.Infact these are top-notch.But the scenes in between can be abit too long. Pulling you out of your action ready state.It's nothing too game breaking just a minor complaint.Besides you can play Classic mode and never have to worry about the scenes.Otherwise playing the game is a blast. The story is fun, switching from Dark moments to Funny charming moments in a wisk.The game is constantly trying to surprise you and it successfully does so. Never does the game feel unfair, atleast on normal.All the bosses are a blast! Except the dragon boss that made me confused of how I beat him for a moment.Level designs are great and make you go foward constantly. Only once was at a dead end confused to only find out it was a secret path for a collectable.Other wise you can find the way back easily and progress.I highly recommend the game and the prize of entry is fair.If you haven't checked it out. You should. It has alot of gameplay value. Tons to do... and is made for speed running!A perfect classic and indie game!"
,Recommended,248310,13105763,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Coelacanth,"A Sonic clone you ask? Nay I say, how can a clone be better than the original?It's quite true that Freedom Planet plays a lot like the classic Genesis Sonic the Hedgehog games, particularly Sonic 2. The pace is fast, the levels are designed for quick maneuvering, you collect powerups to keep yourself alive, and there's multiple routes through every zone.Everything about this game screams awesomeness, every bit of dialogue has very well done voice over, every cutscene has the charm of a Saturday Morning Cartoon. The story is compelling without being complex and reminds me a lot of Avatar The Last Airbender.The gameplay control is super tight and feels great. Plug in a controller and go crazy, it's super responsive. Combat feels fluid and punchy and each of the three characters feels different enough to make additional playthroughs feel unique and fun.The graphics are very retro without using that as an excuse to be lazy, everything looks gorgeous and the animations are all top notch.Last, but not least, the soundtrack is incredible, and I don't know what else I can say beyond that.If you're a fan of platformers, action cartoons, or old school Sonic the Hedgehog then you owe it to yourself to play this game, you won't be disappointed, I definitely wasn't!"
,Recommended,248310,12027400,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Relithe,"This game is like the second coming of platforming Christ.This is Mega Man X meets Sonic the Hedgehog in the grandest fashion possible. Take the stage design and characters of Sonic and mix it with the boss battle mechanics, music, and stylings of Mega Man X and you have a rough idea of what Freedom Planet is.I say that as an aid to help people get an idea of whether or not to spend money on this game. The demo, while nice, doesn't properly prepare you for how awesome this game is. The first two stages are fun, sure, but the story of this game plus the stylings and SUPERB voice acting and humor (coupled with very emotional, ♥♥♥♥ed up...♥♥♥♥♥♥towards the end) makes this a blast. The game has some hilarious moments, mainly involving Mayor Zao (+5 GLORY! and Milla helping him stand taller) and the cutscenes are great too. Character emotion and facial expressions on the sprites are superb as well. And with the promise of more playable characters and stages added in the future... you would be an idiot not to buy this.This is what indie gaming is all about, folks."
,Recommended,248310,18436861,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,smænch,"I must admit that I'm blown away, considering I was one of the naysayers that said this was a shameless Sonic clone. But nah, this ended up being one of the best platforming games I've ever played.When it comes to platforming games, do we prefer quanity or quality? Look at it this way: most Genesis-era Sonic titles run through around 20+ medium-sized stages with a hint of exploration. Freedom Planet, on the other hand, goes for quality, presenting only eight-or-so stages throughout the main Adventure Mode.When I speak of it in that way, it doesn't seem very enticing, but alas, how wrong you'd feel once you begin the game...The main courses are ENORMOUS, using multiple checkpoints and screens. The paths are incredibly diverse and feature routes that cater to each of the three different characters' abilities. The first stage alone took me around thirty minutes on my first run.When you play Sonic, your main focus is speed. You want to blast your way through to the end goal in the fastest time possible. When you play Freedom Planet, however, the level design suddenly sparks your curiosity and you suddenly realize that there is so much more than you're traversing. You take the time to explore, find secrets and collectables, farm lives, ect, all while maintaining your top speed. Whether you play it for exploration or for speed, the story mode will clock in at around five hours.As we mention the story mode, let me put aside the claims stating that the story is ""uninspired"" or ""cheesy."" Now, you still have the choice to play the game without indulging in the story, but if you don't bring it upon yourself at least once to experience the Adventure Mode, you're by far not getting the full experience.The story is, while mainly simple, shines with some of the cutest and charming characters that come to life with some surprisingly stunning voice acting. It actually kept me interested, and while the cutscenes tend to get tiresome (moreso in the first half), it still managed to clutch my full attention and I ended up binging two-thirds of the story mode by pulling an all-nighter during my first playthrough. (And truth be told, that's something I rarely do.)The lore is simple, yet rich. The characters are memorable (for the most part...*cough* Spade *cough*). The conflict is familiar but stays within trope realm instead of full-blown cliche territory.The soundtrack compliments the game's speedy and open atmosphere perfectly, with some of the best themes (Prince Dial's boss theme being my favorite in the whole game) I've heard from an indie game. It actually convinced me enough to buy the entire official soundtrack. Oops.In short:Pros-Lengthy, exciting, diverse stages-Story hits all your sweet spots-You'll love the main characters. Trust me.-SoundtrackCons-Tiresome cutscenes in the first half-Incredible difficulty spike towards the last actFreedom Planet isn't a shameless DeviantArt-OC-Do-Not-Steal-Sonic clone. It's simply a love letter to not only the early Sonic era, but a lot of the fast-paced 16-bit games that many consider the magnum opus of video gaming's timeline."
,Recommended,248310,30955524,Posted: 4 April,all,TrevorDFox,"Never played or curious? Then watch this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LLsouNU6J4gIf today was 1991, and Sonic was never released, certainly Freedom Planet would be one of the best games of the history (and this game deserve it!). What I mean is: Sonic could be replaced by this franchise easily. But I really ""love"" Sonic series and I prefer have both to play! (If you bellow to Nintendo side of the force, no problem you're invited to play too! Sonic and Mario games are important to game industry.)Everything here looks like Sonic! The graphics, places, composition, characters and charism. Like a good indie title, you can feel how much the creators was worried to create a good experience of gameplay. The finish of this game is exceptional! Notalgic sensation of Sega Genesis / Megadrive era... Although I would like to highlight the playability, the first point here is the sound track. It's amazing... I really listened much times, the boss battle theme and Stage ""1-2"" track, and much more... It has something there that reminds me the 90's...Gameplay is simple like Sonic games. But a little bit more complex. Lilac for example: can attack and execute dash move.Graphics are based in pixel art, and are beatiful by the simplicity.Considerations:Freedom Planet is a must buy game for all Sonic fans. I believe that Sega should learn more with Freedom Planet creators... Someone create an idea / concept, but in the future anyone may make it better...Your turn Sega... made us happy!"
,Recommended,248310,16833455,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Plutia,Best Sonic game of all time
,Recommended,248310,12733942,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Tails Jr,"The game is balenced with it's graphics. It's fun to play and as a gamer who likes to challange myself, we can change the game to out liking. Still feel as though it's missing a few things. Lilac is like the fastest on her feet, at the sametime, the most balance out of the 3 girls. Some guys can be a hater and say ""♥♥♥♥ this Sonic fan game"" or something like that, but this is a good game. If you don't belive me, try it for yourself and if you can't, I'll try to give it to you...once I get the money. DLCs will come out soon and hopefully Spade will be playable and Milla can go in Advanture mode. Not to minchin the trading cards."
,Recommended,248310,11361053,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Eive Devheart,"I might be one of the few who is not a backer, and who didn't try the demo, though I saw the game on Greenlight and followed it since.And you know what? That's a good game (so far). I could talk about the catchy graphics, or cool soundtrack, the voiced cutscenes, spot-on controls, amazing level design, cool enemies, and friendly characters, but I will let the press take care of that. I will just say this:This game is freakin' dynamic, it bounces, it's fun, and interesting. And even though the sonic inspiration is clear, Freedom Planet still manages to create it's own personality... It's different (in an amazing way)."
,Recommended,248310,34903536,Posted: 12 September,all,Adeon,"When it comes to pixel games, I'm very picky. I hate games that fake the their retro look by just making blocky art. This game, however, was cearly made by someone who actually played videogames in the 90's.They chose a resolution, and they commit to it. The pixel artwork is great, nothing is faked. I could imagine this being a Sega Saturn ROM. I'm in love with the graphics.And the gameplay is great too. You've already seen it on other reviews, but it's a combination of Sonic and Gunstar  Heroes for the Sega Genesis, and it works wonderfully.Not a fan of the voice acting, but you can turn it off and it plays just like a retro Sonic game, going level to level."
,Recommended,248310,13743690,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Nompii,This is a great game !
,Recommended,248310,11460459,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Fit,"There is a demo on the games website!This is like the sonic game Sega was never able to pull off, and Galaxy Trail was able to pull it off with only a 25k Kickstarter. If you enjoyed any of the old Genesis Sonic games, this game will be more than worth the purchase. It is not terrible, but it is not a strong point either.Also before I end this review, DEM BOSSES MANG. THE FINAL FEW BOSSES ARE HARD AS♥♥♥♥♥AND ITS GREAT. THEY ARE SO HARD THE FIRST UPDATE TO THE GAME IS FOCUSED ON NERFING THEM. LITTERALY AS HARD AS MY BONER FOR THIS GAME.The music is cool too.10/10 Please buy this game it makes me sad over how little attention it is getting."
,Recommended,248310,19451717,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,sarysa,"I'm 6 or 7 levels in, and I'm pretty captivated by this one. They took a formula which was often copied in the 90's, a formula which has stagnated for 2 decades, and revived it in a big way. The controls and movesets are great, the physics will seem pretty familiar to Sonic 3 fans, the level designs are imaginative, there's a decent story if you're like me and enjoy that sort of thing (skippable if you don't), the levels are vast and bosses/minibosses are frequent and clever. I'm guessing there's at least 3 dozen in the entire game. Soundtrack is great, and the there's enough content to last you easily 20 hours without it becoming stale and repetitive."
,Recommended,248310,29264193,Posted: 14 January,all,Doke,"Voice acting that will make you die inside and a few characters that will do the same, but the gameplay is fun"
,Recommended,248310,17499400,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Expi,"I decided to pick this game up, and I did not regret it. After going through the game (as Lilac at least), it's probably one of my favorite games of all time as of now. The graphics and design of the game replicate many 16-bit platforms of the 90's, which is something I like, and is most notably similar to Sonic. However, it does have it's own original points, so don't exactly expect, say, Sonic the Hedgehog 4: Episode III or Sonic 5.Anyway, I found the game to be rather great. The level design was good, I liked the characters, the music, pretty much everything about it. Although, the game does have a bit of challenge, especially in later levels, but that just adds on to the fun of the game.And the game isn't hard to run at all. While I usually use my desktop, this game actually runs (at around 60FPS in fact) on my Toshiba notebook from 2010 running Linux Mint, so I doubt you'll run into any optimization issues or anything.Overall, I definitely recommend this game. Whether you're a fan of retro games or just want a good platformer, this game is rather fun. From me, this game definitely gets a 10/10."
76561198129883125,Recommended,248310,25573698,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Mr. Shellduck,"Freedom Planet is overall one of the best games I have ever seen.I would definitely recommend it to any gamer in general, because of the amount of variety and oddity that it contains! There are even many secrets to find, including easter eggs in the form of bloopers, which I should admit is really cool.There are two gamemodes: Adventure and Classic.So if you just want core gameplay, choose Classic.If you want both story and gameplay, then choose Adventure!In my opinion, I would actually prefer this over Undertale.This soundtrack even puts the soundtrack of Undertale to shame!Well, that's all I can think of.Oh yeah, Timtams currency exchange program.Okay, bye!"
,Recommended,248310,28985445,Posted: 3 January,all,ZimsShiz,"I have no idea why I never wrote a review for this amazing game!The story is amazing, the music is very catchy and very fitting for each area, and the graphics are a nice pixel sytle that looks very appealing. The gameplay is pretty good too, but for the gameplay fro carol seems a bit... Rushed kind of.. It's still fun don't get me wrong but it does seem like milla's gameplay was more worked upon. The difficulty of this game is nice and balanced too, you can even change the difficulty if you want to, it goes from casual to hard. (with two more difficulties in between of course.) Did I mention the amount of stages? no? Well, there are alot of them. The cool thing about it is all characters have their own two unique stages for them only! Along with the story also, each of the characters have their own story and you can see the story from all their perspectives! Which I honestly don't see from many games.To recap the pros and cons of the game:Great story from all characters perspectivesUnique stages for each characterAmazing soundtrack that fits with it's enviromentNice looking graphicsGood sound designMostly balanced difficultyNice amount of stages (not too little and not too much)Carols gameplay doesn't seem fully polishedBrevons character could have had more work done to it because he honestly seems bland at pointsNow to people who don't know, they are making a sequel that is set to come out sometime this or next year! There's even going to be a playable demo soon I believe, so in the meantime I highly recommend this game, I cannot recommend it enough!"
,Recommended,248310,30116006,Posted: 23 February,all,justmutantjed,"I'll frontload this with the TL;DR - This is an excellent and challenging game. The creators' love for the Sonic franchise shows through, and the individual touches they've made make Freedom Planet its own creature while still staying true to its roots. I'm looking forward to Freedom Planet 2, when it releases next year (2018).Pros:+You don't have to run like the wind to get through a level. Take your time, find secrets, solve the few puzzles along the way. You're timed, but I have yet to run up against any kind of solid limit. Some levels also have character-specific secrets.+Legitimately looks like a Mega Drive/Genesis game should, in the best possible way. The art is great! It makes me feel 12 again (also in the best possible way).+You aren't restricted to ""jump on that guy"" to attack; each character has their own attacks and special moves. In fact, ""jump on that guy"" frequently gets you hurt.+There's still a spin-dash type move.+Life bar, not rings, with LOTS of opportunities to replenish said life-bar.+Varied enemies (some particular to their own stages) with their own defeat strategies, not just palate- or sprite-swapped mooks.+The soundtrack is excellent!Here's the very few Cons:-Some bosses are ABSURDLY difficult. The viper dude in the casino/Lunar New Year Celebration level was insanely fast and his firing patterns were nearly impenetrable.-The levels tend to be very maze-like with few pointers as to how to progress from scene to scene. -- Your mileage may vary; I also listed the exploration aspect as a Pro.-A couple puzzles have no real indicators to the mechanics at play, necessitating a guessing game.9/10, will dragon cyclone again ... and again ... and again....I hear it in my sleep....Send help."
76561198061810085,Recommended,248310,13731729,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Expired Nep Bull,"1st Key phrase: ""Not a Sonic ripoff""2nd Key phrase: ""Probably better IMO""This game has so much charm to it that it feels like its already part of this next gen era ""of Platformers""Now GO BUY IT!(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻"
76561197970877384,Recommended,248310,19519996,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Vamp,"*crashes into ocean* ""Hmm, so that's why your airships are boat shaped.""10/10 smart♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,248310,31927937,Posted: 23 May,all,nitesloth,Really just a great game that deserves all the praise it gets. Characters are wonderful. Stages are wonderful. Nice story. You really can't go wrong with this game. The sequel looks amazing!
76561198036812136,Recommended,248310,31532398,Posted: 3 May,all,hot.chick.infinity,"Love this game! It's been great to have & play while Sonic has been in the gutter these past few years! It really brings back  nostolgic feels from the Genesis glory days! I'm very excited for 2, & will definetly be getting it as well!"
76561198012299426,Recommended,248310,31463550,Posted: 30 April,all,evangelyne,so like... basically imagine all the good parts of sonic 3 & knuckles with an even more killer soundtrack and visual design starring a cast of really likeable (and surprisingly well voice-acted (i can't believe edwyn tiong is in this game but it rules)) player characters with diverse playstyles that make the game interesting and rewarding to replay. and one of the protagonists is a butch lesbian furry who rides a motorcycle. freedom planet owns
,Recommended,248310,31292044,Posted: 22 April,all,Puppetz,"To start this review off, I have only played Lilac's adventure mode. Keep that in mind.The Story:I enjoyed how engaging the story of the game is. It can suck you in, and get you attached to the characters. Though complicated, it ends up having a satisfying conclusion.The Main Level Gameplay:I had a hard time enjoying the main gameplay of the game. Though it does well at parts to make you feel like you're going fast, it interrupts this with a combat system that works horribly, and it ends up making the game feel like Super Smash Bros. Brawl's Subspace Emissary Story Mode, which had many situations which the game engine wasn't made for. (The original game was a brawler, so having platforming mixed with stun mechanics really made it difficult to traverse.) Freedom Planet feels like this in the end, which is pretty disappointing.Another part I wanted to mention, is that this game doesn't have tutorials. Because of this, it throws you into situations, where you have no idea what to do. It forces the player to continue experimenting with whatever they have, even if it takes three minutes to even get a small understanding of what to do, let alone master it.The Boss Fights:The boss fights of the game are at times, unbearable. You have some boss fights where you die consistently in the least fair ways, and other boss fights which are fun and enjoyable that don't punish the player. These two different kinds of boss fights mix, and at times,  you take longer on the fight than you did on the level. These boss fights aren't very organized on difficulty, and can throw you into a situation you aren't prepared for.The small things:This game seemingly decides by random chance whether you get to have invincibility frames after taking damage or not.Some of the boss fights are highly repetitive, and force you to learn and exploit parts of the game.The camera is way too zoomed in due to engine restrictions, which makes some areas just like the tutorials, annoying, slow and confusing.Plenty of other small tidbits.Final Thoughts:Overall, I appreciate and love what this game tries to do, but it doesn't perform it in the best way possible. I cannot wait until Freedom Planet 2, and I am praying that these issues are fixed."
76561198287197361,Recommended,248310,22539763,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Cookie,"This game is what sonic should have been!If sega wanted to role with a story+action game then they should of look at other fine examples; such as this...However this has more than a sonic feel.If you played gunstar heroes then this is for youIf you played rinstar then this is for youSome people said they feel a bit of a mega men-ish feel hereIt makes you feel like you are playing those other games but under a really big different setting; but still stands strongly by itself.With interesting characters, simple story, smooth controls, and crazy boss battles that left me freaking out.Even the replay value is worth it; since each character has different mechanics with some level difference.In fact... dont even bother to shoot this game down as another sonic copy cat. Give it a chance and you would see why I would recommend this game to any casual video gamer who's looking for a challenge.There are some plot holes and noodle incidents in the story that I wish the creators could expand upon (like a mini short movie scene bonus after you have beaten the game).Its a simple story but sort of a rough draft.Though I find the voice casts did a great job with each character; which, made them very unique to one another and it helped the story to pop a bit.If you have played dark souls then you are familiar with encountering the difficulty kind...If no then get ready to kiss goodbye to having a speedrun because those last few bosses can make your life counter go down to 0. The difficulty between the levels and the bosses are a bit imbalanced regardless if you chose easy or hard. Though it is possible to breeze right through as long as you know what you are doing. A second playthough in this game can turn out way better than your first (at least it did with me).To sum it all up, this game is fun to the very end!I would highly recommend this game!!It has its charms and gives a challenge to both new and old school players.It gives a bit of nostalgia to the old games I used to play; while still not relying on too much of it.And the characters are very different and enjoyable to each of their own way.There is an update for the scenes; however, so I guess the team has been trying to shorten it.Oh....and there is a sequel coming up; so Im really looking forward to it!"
76561198015206516,Recommended,248310,11385980,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Calvin,"Damn, I have to admit this game was really strange looking at first, looked awesome but also really out there.It's great, large sountrack variety, the level design is superb, cool traps and most of the enemies are really fun to fight, the difficulty is pretty balanced, playing on normal, died on the first 2 bosses once but once you learn the patterns and attacks they become manageable.Don't know how many characters total, but a nice touch to gameplay, there's different playble characters (at least 3 to my knowledge.)Great platformer, very retro feel, hope more people try this, if it goes on sale definetly pick it up! Not too bad for $15."
,Recommended,248310,13857557,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Koopa_|BC|,"GalaxyTrail Games have managed to do what SEGA has failed to do the past 11 years since 'Sonic 3 & Knuckles'The platforming is solid. The speed is great (a few hiccups on ramps here and there, but its not game breaking)The soundtrack is amazing and nostalgic. The airship level even has a few notes reminiscent of Flying Battery Zone.Full voice acting is up to a great standard. Boss Battles with multiple levels. Difficulty choices of Casual, Easy, Noraml and Hard. All in all the game is very well made.Recommend playing with an Xbox360 Controller, if you can, change the joystick out for the D-Pad for a real SEGA Genesis/Megadrive feel."
,Recommended,248310,11856082,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Dr. Ján Ĩtor,"I don't even know where to start with this game. Where should I begin...- The fluid movement and tight, responsive controls evocative of the best Genesis and Saturn-era sidescrollers?- The three unique gameplay experiences including the Sonic-speed brawler, the technical wall-climbing combatant, or the tactical and exploratory summoner?- The large and varied environments featuring excellent level design that match the pacing and abilites of each of the three protagonists' skills?- The gameplay gimmicks that completely transform each experience without being tacky or overbearing and bring about multiple ways to progress through any level?- The gorgeous and flowing sprite animations that cram detail and character into every pixel of screen space?- The varied enemies that change from level to level and have their own attack patterns and weaknesses, making no two zones even remotely similar?- The independent story paths that bring about unique levels and all interweave in a compelling story line?- The absolutely fantastic soundtrack that never fails to set the right tone and mood for any encounter, and never become repetitive?- The fully-voiced dialogue by, for the most part, well-matched and competent voice actors that give a proper charisma and personality to each character in the story?- The boatloads of easter eggs and subtle attentions to detail that keep the game lively from start to finish?- The compelling achievements and collectibles that make replaying the game desireable?I mean, honestly. I am at a loss. If Shovel Knight is the ""Super NES"" indie game of the year, then Freedom Planet is the ""Super Genesis"" (so, Sega 32X or Saturn!) indie game of the year.My two biggest let-downs with this game have nothing to do with the game itself. It has to do with the fact that this game received nowhere near as much publicity as some other indie platformers this year, and the fear that prospective gamers will write it off as a ""Sonic clone"" without so much as a second thought and miss out on one of the greatest retro revivals this side of a Gunstar Heroes re-release.With a free demo available on the developer's website, there's no reason anyone should skip over this without at least a sample.Freedom Planet took years to create. From everything I've seen, not a moment was wasted. If by some bizarre circumstance the stars align and a sequel gets going, I'll be among the first in line. Play. This. Game."
,Recommended,248310,12650274,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Shadetale,Excellent little platforming oozing with charm and personality! Any classic platforming fan would do themselves a disservice by not playing this gem!
,Recommended,248310,11378795,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,WolfWoot,"If you like Freedom and you like planets, this game is worth a shot"
76561198088164676,Recommended,248310,11378947,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,KevinJekyll,"This game is so much fun. It really brings back the feeling of the classic Sonic games, while throwing in some spectacular combat for enemies and bosses, similar to Mega Man. Music is absolutely top-tier, I'll replay stages just for the music. For an Indie game, It's well worth its price, although the voicing and story may be hit-or-miss. If you like ""90's dub"" voicing, then you'll be fine, and even if you don't, you can skip it all anyway.Try the demo if you're not sure, it's on the game's website, but I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,248310,16634473,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Nuke Kioh,The drowning music is more unnerving than 2D Sonic drowning music.How is that even possible?
76561198126203110,Recommended,248310,22410290,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,HrrrPenny,"The true successor to the old Sonic games, Freedom Planet offers exactly what those old games once did. The whimsical character design that reminds you of the old mascot wars, the level design that makes you want to master each stage, the... somewhat haphazard plot to tie the stages together.The one thing about Freedom Planet that lets it down is really the plot. It's solid in the aspect that it makes sense, and it feels like a lot of time was spent trying to make it feel important. Problem is, it really doesn't. Some of the stages tie in brilliantly, while others feel tacked in. All of them play smoothly though.The game AS a game is planned out and designed well, with only a few instances where you will have to stop and think about where you're going. This, I believe, was an attempt at keeping it seperate from the series it pays homage to, Sonic, but it can really slow down the action.For example, in the second stage, Relic Maze, there is a section where you need to open two doors to progress. In doing this you must take two paths, one above and one below, and find a switch in each to open the door. These, however, are the slowest part of the level, and seem to be designed to actually do this. They incorporate small switch puzzles, which seems like a good idea, but were laid out a bit haphazardly, meaning if you miss something you'll end up in the same area, walking around in circles pressing buttons for a couple of minutes. As a game that encourages speed (especially in its achievements) this seems a bit tacked on.Really, these moments are few and very far between, and aside from a few difficult boss fights, is a solid game. The breaks from the constant Sonic-esque gameplay were welcomed, however, espescially when they were done well. There's an amazing arcade-like tank section that has to be played to be truely enjoyed, which is an example of such an instance.The oddest inclusion that sets this game apart from every other Sonic love letter is it's two dedicated attack buttons. This is an interesting mechanic, espescially due to how it is handled. Your basic attack will almost always halve your momentum in air, while slowing it even more substantially when used on the ground. However, despite this seeming like a conflict of interest as far as the genre is concerned, it had a decent implementation mostly due to the enemy placement. Enemies will either be in 'slow spots' of a level, where you need to really look at your surroundings to continue, giving you something to do while you think OR they will have such a slow attack that you can run past them without being worried. The times the game does give you fast enemies in a fast section of the game are much later in, when the game is naturally getting harder.This game just feels right, for the most part at least, and is really worth your while if you liked the old momentum-based Sonic games. It's not just a clone, though, and even if you're into the more traditional style of platformer it's definitely worth a look at. It does have its flaws, and this review will never do it true justice, but I really quite like this game and I come back to it occasionally just to realise it again."
76561198049502672,Recommended,248310,11371604,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,dylanh,"Fun, fun game.This is a party mix of some of the best elements of the 2d platformer model.It's a action packed 2d platformer. That on the surface borrows a lot from Sonic & Knuckles. Which to be honest, if your going to clone a 2d Sonic game - that would be the one to choose. [Sonic CD taking second place, albeit not easily since it's really good.]Freedom Planet does however, put it's own spin on things. Each character has their own unique moves. Lilac has a spin attack. Which can also be used to break special walls or even get a boost while in the air. Carol jumps up walls. Flurry kicks enemies. And has a motorcycle as a pickup that you can ride up walls. Best thing about Carol's motorcycle, is it doesn't feel like a cheap add on. You know, like in some other platformers. Where it's restricted to an area? None of that bs here. You can take that bike anywhere! So long as you have the skill to keep it intact. Milla can dig. And do creative things with her ability to shield. Of course, I'm only scratching the surface with this. I just want to give you an idea.The story is surprisingly entertaining. The opening scene (before you press start), is a bit dark to my surprise. For a game in this genre. And I've played more then my fair share of platformers. Overall, the game's story seems to reveal an influence by anime. Which is still good in my books. The story won't win any awards in drama, but it may make you laugh. I like it.There are numerous influences that can be seen in the game of the retro games of old too. From Megaman, to a whole range of Treasure developed games (Mischief Makers, Dynamite Headdy, Gunstar Heroes, etc). I feel it most with the bosses. Something about some of them remind me a great deal of the aforementioned Treasure games.The bosses are just the right difficulty. Though it feels like there's a bit of a difficulty jump at some point. Or maybe it's just me. It's a hurdle that can be overcome with patience. And luckily, the checkpoints before a boss are forgiving.There are two different modes. Story mode obviously, as well as classic mode which is story free. You also have access to a gallery. In which you collect various cards in each level. And there are a lot of these. There's 56 achievements you could work towards unlocking. Adding replayability to these levels on top of speed running if that's your thing. I know in shorter games, I like speed running. It can be a nice challenge once in a while.I give this game a 4.5 out of 5. With some part of me having an inner debate on adding that .5 back on. But, that's where I'm at now. Fantastic game. This could be one of the best 2d platformers out there. In my opinion.If your still on the fence about this, there's still a demo on the official site. I'll post the link below. For $15, it's pratically a steal. And as I see it, if you DON'T like having fun - then this game isn't for you. But if you do like fun, then get it!http://freedomplanet.galaxytrail.com/As a side note, when I first tried the demo I got addicted. Seriously. Multiple speed runs with Carol on the first level in the demo alone. Then, wishing there was more game after. Making the wait for the full version that much more painful. Luckily, you won't have to wait if you decide to get the full version."
,Recommended,248310,11372649,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,lightenhope,"One of the best plateformers I ever played. This put sonic the hedgehog to shame and many plateforms I love in the past . Its really well done. Controls are perfect, neat combat move system that makes each player feel so diffrent and fresh. Dont over look this game. Im already wanting a Freedom Planet 2. Wish this game was on 3ds shop or vita shop. I love to play this game on the go."
76561198058236140,Recommended,248310,11390558,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Patsunemanku,"This game is stunning and addictive. If your retro gamer fan or someone that wants to reminisce themselves in nostalgia from the 90’s, then this is for you! Yes, it’s kinda like Sonic, but so what? There are some great game mechanics mixed into the game making it brillant to play. The attention to detail throughout the game is amazing and the bosses are very challenging. I just love everything about this game. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,248310,11396019,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,ALL WHEEL DOG,"THROWING THIS OUT HERE, IF YOU DON'T LIKE HOW THE STORY/DIALOGUE LOOKS, THERE IS A WAY TO PLAY THE GAME WITHOUT STORY.(Not that I will, not the first time anyways, I just beleive that the cutscenes and characters might be a little... ""too much"" for some people who can't handle the DeviantArt vibe it gives off)I originally saw this game early on before it got greenlit and went ""Mmmm, sonic clone""  But it is much more than that.  Although it isn't as brutal as games like sonic or megaman (or at least not since my last interaction with those games) but it seems to fit right in with the snes/sega genesis theme it has.Basically if you can handle Sonic the hedgehog mixed with Megaman, Mixed with driving motorcycles vertically up walls, meets Deviantart, get it.I can't emphasize how much I'm gonna replay this game purely to get the satisfaction of being able to one-life levels and bosses.  Don't get me wrong, I'm not a good gamer by any means, I'm a terrible gamer and am actually pretty rotten at this game, I just like playing it to the point of wanting to actually form some sort of skill in it."
,Recommended,248310,11398908,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Venty,"You can go fast in this game!But seriously, I really love this game. You should definitely get it if you like classic Genesis platformers, like Sonic and Gunstar Heroes."
,Recommended,248310,11408543,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Chromo,10/10 would buy again. (Infact I bought this for a friend too)So much fun! We need more like these!
76561198126468970,Recommended,248310,11470234,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Crystal-Hero,THIS GAME IS AMAZING!!!!!! This is how fast [ace platformers should be!RIP Sonic! These 3 girls will be taking your place.
,Recommended,248310,14383058,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,MorningSTAR-αΩ,"Wanna know the best reason to get this game? You can ride a mortorcycle that can scale walls, climb ladders, stay on the ceiling and is surprisingly light enought to be carried even while you're hanging on bars.10/10"
,Recommended,248310,16327565,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,RadioFax,"What Shovel Knight was for Nintendo platforming, Freedom Planet is for Sega Genesis. It's like Sonic 3, Rocket Knight and Gunstar Heroes all crammed into one game, and it's fun. Lots and lots of just plain fun.It's a fast-paced platformer with responsive controls that feel amazing to play in impressive stages that encourage re-plays to fully explore. Difficulty is well planned; starting fairly easy and gradually getting very intense, with checkpoints generously enough placed that you won't lose much progress.Thet art gorgeous and varied; so frequently in games pixel art is used as a budgetary or creative crutch, but not here. The megadrive graphics are a colourful globe-hopping adventure to a suitably chip-tuney soundtrack. Every setting is pulled off perfectly with lots of attention to details, it's just such a nice game to look at!Your mileage may vary, however, at the voice-acting and story. Some people might be put off by the cartoonish tone; cute fluffy critters saving the world from an evil alien emperor with the power of friendship is admittedly sugary as hell, but I thought it was endearing enough to work, even if the actual writing feels a bit doofy in places. You can of course just skip the cutscene stuff.In all, most definitely not just a Sonic ripoff, but more a heartfelt love-letter to the classics of 90s Sega gaming as a whole. And sort of my entire gaming childhood condensed into one amazing game. Definitely worth a look!"
,Recommended,248310,17071832,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Vashzaron,It's been a long time.www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9fHGdR1IyM
76561197990672230,Recommended,248310,17101131,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,NineByNine,"Freedom Planet is, if you have been paying attention to the trailers and the screenshots, a side scrolling high speed platformer very much in the vein of the classic Sonic the Hedgehog games; high speed, mobility and twitch reflexes over a large sprawling multi directionally-scrolling stage with various enemies, secrets, powerups and pathways through dotted here there and everywhere. The general gist is to go to the right of course, but to get there you may have to go up, down, or even back on yourself occasionally.Obstacles range from particularly tough enemies and minibosses to small puzzles or occasional disappearing platforms, chase sequences or timing obstacles which require you to use the moves available to you to get past them. There's even the classic ""Push block onto button""... or in one case ""push block onto ENEMY"" if you want an easier way through one of them. You'll know it when you see it. There's even some clear inspiration from other Megadrive/Genesis classics like Gunstar Heroes and even a SHMUP level, which is a neat twist.In terms of level design, it's incredibly well done. It even feels like a sonic game again; one done right in fact. I played as Lilac to start with, who pretty much plays like Sonic in every way - high speed, good jumping ability. The difference is that her attacks are done by button press, not just jumping on enemies. To counter this you don't necessarily automatically take damage from foes just by touching them, which is a welcome relief. The level design is complex without sacrificing mobility or high speed, and collecting enough crystals (of which there are usually several hundred dotted about on a level... enough that you can finish the game with a total count of over 8000 of them if you don't mind your time being ridiculously high) gives you extra lives. There are also extra lives dotted around here and there too.Sprite work is fantastic, the characters are expressive and colourful, well detailed and quite well animated. There's some slightly amateurish, perhaps even lazy tricks used for their idle animations (removing a few pixels here and there to give the illusion of breathing/motion but it's kind of noticable because of how detailed and large the sprites are sadly), but everything else is rock solid and very nicely done.The backgrounds is where the game can fall down a little unfortunately. The key part of the older 2d sonic games is that the backgrounds are detailed and colourble, but never to the point that moving through the levels at high speeds gets confusing or overwhelming, nor hides the enemies, NOR makes you feel like you're missing out on some great scenery by blitzing through it. It's a mistake that's made often on earlier and mid-game levels, but isn't such a huge deal on some of the endgame levels strangely enough. It does make the action kind of crazy though and you can get lost somewhat easily as a result, not react to enemies as quickly and also fall into some pittraps you weren't aware were actually holes.HOWEVER... I will give the game one huge credit. You will find early on you get plenty of lives: more than you need really. You'll have at least 20 by the time it starts getting really difficult, but I guarantee you'll start burning through them at a ridiculous rate on certain bosses. They are usually as fast as you, especially the smaller ones, so you'll have to have all your wits about you to make it through without losing lives... Here's the thing you. If you die, you go back to the nearest checkpoint, and said checkpoints are pretty fair. If you lose ALL your lives, you go to the gameover screen, but you can ALWAYS continue. You continue from the last checkpoint you were at, same as if you just lost a life, and you now have 5 more lives. So effectively you have infinite lives, but the gameover screen serves as a breather time for you to go ♥♥♥♥♥♥I am getting frustrated, take a breath...chill... learn from my mistakes'; And it works! Furthermore some bosses have cutscenes. Did you die? Start again, but the cutscene is skipped almost entirely. Does the boss have multiple forms and you beat one of it's forms but then died? OKAY that's fine, start from THAT form, not the very start of the bossfight.Music is... well I'm not going to say it's bad. It's well done and not grating, but it's nothing memorable or anything to write home about. You might find it more to your tastes perhaps, I personally didn't find it all that engaging, but it was understated enough that I didn't need to tweak the volume settings to not have to hear it, which was very nice. It was a nice background accompaniment and did nothing to detract from or spoil my enjoyment of the game, so props for that too.As for story and all the nice little touches a game should have? This has it in spades. Comedy, action, drama, FEELS, so much of this. The story is pretty nice and it feels a little childish at times but it's definately not awful and it has a lot of charm. There's also some fantastic comedic moments that are unmissable. Don't skip those cutscenes unless you know you have watched them before! And you know what's even better? There are little secrets dotted around all over the game, going into bathrooms is a thing (for no reason whatsoever except maybe to dodge enemy fire for a brief moment), there are little hidden cards dotted around to collect (probably just for cheev hunting but hey whatever), neat little tricks to earn achievements (standing on a ledge to taunt a particular boss, or taking out another's shield before the battle even starts for example)...  And even a nicely hidden blooper reel for if you've played through the game before! Try holding down and C (or whatever button you have for special attack on your joypad with down) during cutscenes. Great fun!Final issue though is the voice acting. Lilac's voice acting is largely on point, and especially during the more emotive scenes it's definately pretty good, but certain other characters (mostly the side ones) are rather hammy. In most cases that works great, but for the more serious side characters it's a little silly.So yes despite the background causing issues and the music not being amazing, and the voice acting occasionally being sub-par, I would definately recommend this game. Lots of replayability, lots of charm, lots of fun!"
,Recommended,248310,13356967,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Médecins Sans Undertale,"Freedom Planet is a pretty tight platformer that's kind of like a mishmash of Sonic and Ristar with one character, or like Sonic and Gunstar Heroes mixed with some other thing with another character. The way these characters play so differently while being able to play the same stages is a pretty good indicator that the devs had at least some idea what they were doing. Maybe some of it was a happy accident, who knows? Point is it's good and it's fun.Look, I grew up on the Genesis. Maybe that's why the game grabbed me at first. Honestly though, it doesn't really make me feel like I'm playing one because of the fully voiced cutscenes and dialogue, which would be a problem if it actually mattered. I'm not crazy on the cutscenes, the story or whatnot, but they're nice enough to consider 'hey maybe people just want to play the game,' so there's a mode that's just playing the levels, and if you accidentally started story mode you get to just skip over all the cutscenes. Good feature.Now I know a lot of you are saying that the bosses are unfair, that you have to try multiple times to figure them out before you even have a chance. While that's not entirely true, I will say you're probably going to lose a life or two before you pick up on some of the later boss patterns, even if you're perceptive. I know a lot of people would rather die before they tone down the difficulty, but there's actually a great feature where you can lower the difficulty before you load your file. (I mean not that I needed it, but as I said I grew up on the Genesis so I might be more used to the challenge.)I guess what I'm saying is the game's good and the biggest complaints I'm seeing have workarounds....One complaint though, maybe patch in an audio slider. It's not a big deal in the era of audio mixers but it's a good feature to have so you don't have to mess around outside the game to adjust it to your liking.GOOD GAMEI LIKE / 10"
,Recommended,248310,11383815,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Neon Sears,"I wouldn't say its better than Sonic, but its 10x better than the crap that has been coming out as of late. Genesis style art and full of action packed gameplay. The stages aren't fast paced, but the boss fights are and they are quite challenging."
,Recommended,248310,11387615,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,clarionx,"If you like Retro-style games, and have fond memories of Sonic the Hedgehog or RIstar (or both), this is very much the game for you: A fast-paced, action-platformer with a special emphasis on combat. The game includes some of the best level and boss design I've seen in a long while.The voice acting is stunningly good, and while I think the cutscenes drag on a little too long in places, the story is entertaining and has the perfect ""weight"" to it for a game like this. Of course, if you think the perfect weight is no weight, you can play through on ""Classic"" with no cutscenes.A single playthrough ran me about 4 hours, but with 3 unique characters and the expansive, multi-tiered levels, there's probably enough content to keep me with this game for almost a full 20.My one complaint is that, while most of the bosses are a well designed, statisfying challenge, the difficulty spikes dramatically on the final boss. For comparison, most of the mid/late game bosses took me 4-6 lives to figure out, but the final boss took 30.But that's just one complaint. The game as a whole blew me away, and might just find itself up there amongst some of the older Sonic games as ""something I can always come back to."" Good design has staying power, after all."
,Recommended,248310,12383196,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Metal Socks,"A game with Sonic fan characters, yet does a better job of making a Sonic game than SEGA could do."
,Recommended,248310,29669795,Posted: 3 February,all,paltrykibbles30,"When I first heard about this game, I thought it was just another crappy Sonic clone and didn't even bother checking it. But then I started hearing about it everywhere. ""The best Sonic game since Sonic&Knuckles"", ""The real Sonic 4"" were some of the phrases I have heard. Then I decided on buying this game. I am still glad that I did that. For a Kickstarter Indie game, this game is awesome. Here is why:1-Gameplay and Character Variety: Each character has her own sets of skills which makes the same levels different. Gameplay is mostly compared to Genesis Sonic games and while they are right with doing so, as both games have an element of speed in them, but Freedom Planet is more combat based with health meters and enemies that don't die with one hit. Also, you don't get damaged by simply touching enemies, they have to attack you.2-Replayability: For some reason, even though I have finished the same stages with same character 10 times by now, I still want to play it and I don't get bored by playing it again and again. This game has collectibles and achievements which makes replaying the levels more purposeful.3-Soundtrack: No words are needed. Sounstrack is awesome and every single track fits the scenery.  I can even recommend you to buy the soundtrack so you can listen to this awesome soundtrack and support the developers.4-Voice Acting and Cutscenes: Voice acting isn't perfect, when you compare it to AAA games. But when you take into consideration that this game is an Indie game, you start to appreciate the voice acting. And every cutscene is well made with special sprites  to show character's emotions.5-Developer's Listen to Feedback: This is most noticable in forums. If you look at the Freedom Planet 2 discussions in forum, you can see something called ""Lilac OCD Club"". It is people complaining about Lilac's idle sprite and how it looks too much like a human. Strife, which is the developer(I think) of the game, has replied to this thread and they have even altered the sprites according to the feedback from the community.After all this writing, I definitely recommend the game and am excited for the sequel."
76561198056496158,Recommended,248310,11396957,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,DunWhale,-Great and unique gameplay-SWEAT ART!-Voice acting takes a little getting use to-FREAKIN AWSOME SOUNDTRACK!-Good story-AND NO ITS NOT A SONIC CLONE IN ANYWAY!This game is awsome 10/10
,Recommended,248310,11404120,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Trevor Fox,"I had never heard of this game until a friend recommended it to me. I have had lots of fun with the game so far, and I'm really loving what it has to offer. The sprite animations are really well done, and there are a lot of them, making the characters have far more personality than I expected.I was expecting more of a Sonic clone based on how Lilac's levels appeared to play out during the video for this game, however; I got more than that. I feel the game combines elements of Sonic the Hedgehog and Rocket Knight, and while those comparisons are fair and easily made from a first impression, the longer the game goes on, you can see how the developers built off of those designs and were able to create their own unique personality with the game.The voice acting itself is cheesy, and it may be hard for some to bear, but even this gives the game charm, and I can identify each character through their voices and traits. It is cheesy and over-the-top at times, but I've grown to love it. It's also nothing worse than you would encounter in any Sonic game.Also, I want to make a nod towards the battle system. It's simple and fun, and it makes the boss battles in the game engaging and enjoyable. Some say the platforming is easy and the bosses are hard, and I just do not agree with this. The platforming isn't the hardest since you can fly through a level and not worry about falling to your death, but there are definitely some tricky parts in later stages. And bosses are mostly pattern memorizations. They do require timing and skill, but after taking the time to learn how their attacks play out, they are quite enjoyable to fight, and add even more to the game. I guess what I'm trying to say is that I don't see why boss fights being a challenge is a bad thing. Call me an old-timer or old-school gamer, but I like it when boss fights are a challenge, and they aren't just flashy set-pieces meant to be defeated in one life.I will say, one boss in particular reminded me of a fight from the game Mischief Makers back on the N64, and that only makes me love this game even more.Try out the demo if you're not sure. Look up some more reviews and videos on the game, but I am definitely not regretting my purchase."
,Recommended,248310,13891502,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,OtakuD,"This game is what a lot of us wish modern Sonic experiences were like and also one of the best platformers I have played in years! It changes up the formula a bit by adding in a health system and shifts the level desgin to a bit more of a combat focus, expecially notable are the boss fights which have many phases and moves to learn, making for some rewarding battles.The level design in general feels top notch too, with a stage often passing the 30min mark they really did cram a lot in here. Mutliple characters are also availiable, often having their own special stages adding some awesome replay value to the title which clocks in at around 6hrs first time round.Overall I would highly recommend taking this game for a spin, just be prepared for more of a challenge than Sonic gave you, but also mixed in with more story, moves and content too."
76561198009702779,Recommended,248310,15720197,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Bard,"Earlier in 2014 the indie gaming scene was graced with a charming title that harked back to an era many of us hold dear, that of the Nintendo Entertainment System. Shovel Knight from Yacht Club Games delighted retro gamers and newcomers alike with its classic NES like charm, wonderful retro soundtrack and cleverly constructed levels, polished off with a unique art style that celebrates games of the late 80s. Now it seems that it’s the early 90s turn to shine with Freedom Planet, a title from indie developer Galaxy Trail that harks back to the era of a console I hold very dear, the Sega Megadrive (otherwise known as the Genesis in the US).Freedom Planet clearly takes great inspiration from many Sega Megadrive games, most notably Sonic The Hedgehog which the bulk of its gameplay elements seem to mimic. It also evokes memories of Treasure’s fantastic platform shooter Gunstar Heroes with much of its design and there are even elements of Capcom’s Mega Man X series, so there’s a little bit of Super Nintendo love in there somewhere too. The 90s nostalgia doesn’t stop there either, Freedom Planet’s art style and story is reminiscent of early 90s cartoons such as Bucky ‘O Hare with its tale of anthropomorphic freedom fighters taking on a militaristic threat to the galaxy, this time in the form of intergalactic overlord Brevon, an insectoid tyrant with dreams of absolute, intergalactic domination. This cartoon like feel is further captured in the way the story is told as it follows the three protagonists, Lilac (an anthropomorphic dragon), Carol (an anthropomorphic cat) and Milla (an anthropomorphic basset hound) who are portrayed as innocent, adolescent characters finding themselves thrust into a dangerous war that their sense of right forces them to engage.The gameplay of Freedom Planet flows beautifully. Much like the Sonic series it pays homage to, much of the game involves racing around levels collecting gems and smashing your way through enemies at high speeds. Level designs are colourful and large ranging from a lush rainforest shrouding trap filled Aztec ruins to a bustling Chinese styled city in the middle of a celebratory festival, each level boasts new and interesting mechanics to get to grips with and a nice variety of enemies to fight. Boss battles too are cleverly thought out, a joy to look at and offer a significant, fast paced challenge that really gets the adrenaline pumping. The games three protagonists control somewhat differently, Lilac feels very much like a Sonic character with her ability to pinball around levels whereas Carol feels more like a Mega Man character with her ability to wall jump, she also has a Chun Li style kick attack that gives her more of a fighter like feel, Carol also has a motorbike that she can use upon finding gas cans scattered about the various levels, making her much faster than before and changing up her abilities slightly. Milla is a little more unique, she has the ability to create energy cubes that she can throw as projectiles, she can also create a small energy shield and has the ability to flap her ears to execute a type of double jump. Of the three main characters Lilac definitely feels like her play style fits the flow of the game best.The soundtrack to Freedom Planet is definitely deserving of a mention, the music is absolutely phenomenal and with a whopping two hour OST (no small feat for such a small Indie project) you’re going to hear a number of great tunes that you’ll want to listen to again and again that really set the tone for every stage and situation. The voice acting is also great for such a small title, some of the actors are noticeably better than others, however the bulk of the voice acting is top notch, Lilac, Carol and Milla sound especially convincing and carry the tone of the story across well.All in all for £10.99 (the game’s price on Steam as of the time of this review) you really can’t go wrong with Galaxy Trail’s Freedom Planet, especially if, like me, you’re a retro, platform fanatic who grew up during the Sega Megadrive era.  If this sounds like you then this nostalgic trip down memory lane is definitely a game worth looking into."
,Recommended,248310,17094750,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Metalmacher,"Ok... finally, after 109 deaths, 200 and something minutes... I've completed one playthrough with Lilac on Normal, and I've made up my mind on a few things regarding the game, thought'd I'd share a bit:What I LIKE about this game:It's fast! So far I've only played with lilac, and even though you can't roll down a slope, her Dragon Boost makes up for it, more or less. Plus the level design encourages speed so that helps too.Level design is superb, mostly. Lots of cool locales like a chinese setting or a shopping mall or fighting in the air, but it also has way too many ""enemy base"" style levels. Yeah, I get it, the levels are constricted to the plot, but come on... it gets boring after a while with those types of levels. Besides that though, all of the levels look great. I mean, the art is just fantastic. And there are really cool small details, like that bathroom in the mall, where you get kicked out if you enter the men's room. Oh, and of course, most importantly, all of the levels are HUGE, bigger than Sonic 3 and Knuckles I think, with tons of alternative paths.It's a marvel, really, that they managed to make the levels so big and detailed, yet they received only so little from Kickstarter. It's in such a contrast to games like Mighty #9, which demands more money for less content. So high five is in order for the developers, for accomplishing that.Boss fights are the best part about the game. They are hard, but also simple, in a very hard way...  or is it hard in a simple way... anyway, each boss has it's own patterns which s/he cycles faithfully, allowing an experienced player to eventually be able to defeat them all without dying. But first timers are gonna have a rough time. These bosses require you to pay attention closely, and also force you to manage your resources (IE the special bar) carefully. They kicked my♥♥♥♥♥.. And I love it.You don't get hit when touching an enemy WOOOOOO!! Thank you based GalaxyTrail!!Now, what I DIDN'T like:You can't roll. At least not with Lilac, maybe you can with the other characters. But for a game that mimics Sonic level design to a fault, it's quite criminal not giving us the ability to roll down a slope to gain speed, for the main character that is. You also can't spindash, instead Lilac has a move called Dragon Boost which uses the special bar to propel you in the direction your pressing. However the special bar has a relatively long recharge, so a lot of times you're going to find yourself just waiting and standing for the special bar to recharge. Now couple that with the fact that Lilac can't roll and the result is that she become as slow as Silver the Hedgehog from S06, until the bar finished recharging. It's so annoying that I have to go through with that, I HATE when a game forces me to slow down.... I'm the type of person who needs speed at all times, so when a game suddenly forces you to wait for the recharge bar, it just makes me so furious...The story. Oh god the story. It is eye-rolling, facepalming, head turning, two super-sized pizzas with triple cheese and stuffed crust level of cheesy. It is Sonic-level cheesy. Don't play this game on Adventure mode unless you don't mind sonic-type stories.... Fortunately I didn't buy the game for the story, and it must be said that it's commendable for even putting a story in a platforming game to begin with! So hurrah!... But yeah, stay away from the story people........ It is kind of sweet though...I'm gonna get flamed for this I'm sure.... Buuuuuut.... The music. I felt like it just wasn't memorable at all... It's very well made, and that's about it. Good music is the type of music that you hum after playing a game, the kind that has a hook, some sort of a main riff to it, but that's just not the case with the music here! I can't remember a single song, apart maybe from the main theme, maybe. It all just feels... serviceable. Of course, of course this is all subjective, and lots of people disagree with me, so take this opinion with a grain of salt, if you must. But yeah, I didn't like the music.Voice acting, it's... not that great. Again my opinion your opinion blablablaaa, but I'm not even gonna dwell on it. This isn't some triple A-budget type of game, where you have high profile voice actors and stuff. In fact, when compared to other platformers, it's actually pretty good. But that's not saying much. Voice acting is what you'd expect, basically.So in conclusion, I wish it was a bit better in some areas, but regardless this is a very solid game! I'd recommend it, as others already have, to anyone who likes: Fast games, Sonic games or Platformers.  It is, however, NOT recommended for those looking for a platformer with a great story. Ye gonna have to keep searching for that one....Now, couple that with it's starting price of 15$, which goes way down during sales, and the fact that developer is promising FREE DLC and patches, you know you gonna get your money's worth. If you're a platforming fan, don't miss out on this game!UPDATE (21/7/2015) :I have reached Final Dreadnought 2 with Carol on hard, so far I have something like 100 deaths (jeez), I have a feeling that it is going to double, at the very least, by the time I'm finished with her story. I've had a rage quit moment a couple of hours ago but I've calmed now so I'll be jumping back into the fray in a few...Anyway, playing the game some more, I think I was too harsh on it, but I also didn't address my complaints correctly.First, Carol. I haven't played with Milla yet, but so far she is my favorite character. People say that she is harder to use than Lilac, but I beg to differ. It took me awhile to get used to her controls but once you do, Carol is revealed to be an extremely agile character who can dish out high DPS, with great maneuverability. She mostly avoids my grievances I've had with Lilac (Although I can't wait to come back to her, I want to master her as well XD ) and playing with her is a blast. Her set of skills are tailored perfectly to this game's level design, more so than Lilac's IMO.In addition to that... The music is starting to grow on me. At first I didn't like it, as I've explained, but listening to some of the tracks a bit more, well, I can't deny that they are catchy... The chinese-themed levels especially, I love em. So reflecting retroactively on my criticisms, I've tried to understand what was it that I didn't like about the music in the beginning... And, well I don't really have an answer right now lol ^^; . Maybe it has to do with me dying a lot so I was frustrated, or maybe it's because there are too many ""enemy base""-style levels in the game... I'm not really sure. I think it has to do with the stylistic variety of the songs, like, most of the songs give you the feeling of being in a high-speed rebel operation, ala Megaman Zero. Well, I probably started tuning out at some point because of that.However, as I've said, the tracks are growing on me. As I'm listening to the tracks I'm discovering their individual personalities, and their souls. Give me a week and I'll probably end up loving all of the tracks .And just for reference, platformers who's soundtracks I consider to be the best are: Sonic 2, Sonic Colors, DK2, DKTP and Jazz Jackrabbit 2.Now, the voice actors. They're fantastic. I've complained about them a bit, but I was wrong. Completely. Lots of the lines are executed well, but I still cringe a lot. However, I've come to realize that it's not their fault. It's the fault of the writers. In fact I'm now sure more than ever that if anyone deserves criticism for this game, it would be the writers. Why? Because they are responsible for the level variety, the soundtrack, and the lines of the characters.I want to say more, but I've reached character limit. DAMMIT STEAM!!!!!"
76561198055825930,Recommended,248310,21524334,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Kattlarv,"Will say, it is a overall really solid game. Mixes a lot of the classic playstyles, with some newer touches like VA and plentyful powerups. (that granted, you will have 0 idea what most of them actually does) So yeah, it's a great mix of old and new. It also attemps to tell a more mature story, both for good and bad. As it has some characers and moves that feels more at home in a more ""casual"" story. Yet, it does said story rather well. So it's a give and take. It doesn't always manage to flip-flop between ""srs bsns"" and ""roflmao"" tones. I could probably have worded that better, but eh... I did love some of the running gags, but as said. It was hard to get a decent emotional shift in.As for the gameplay, it's a healthy mix of ""gotta go fast"" and faffing about exploring. Certain characters pander more to certain styles. So there sould be something for everyone. (that are into platforming ofc) There are some bugs and glitches, but it's mostly clipping errors. I've yet to find anything that forced a restart or anything like that.So it's very solid in it's structure. Something I would say is the weak parts of the game, is that it heavily relies exclusively on memorization. And I know some like that, but to me, that's just a crutch to pad out gameplay. Especially at some parts with incredibly cheap traps. Or bosses with bs, 3 hit moves, that can only be dodged by using your special attack, as it makes you momentarily invurnable. So it is impossible to kinda stroll in and clear several of the bosses on your first try. As you can't without having done them before, due to said prior attacks. You need to know them beforehand, else you just get instantly killed by the unavoidable attacks, that has to be negated with a timed invurnability. Might not be a problem to some, but I found it to be one of the frustrations in the game. Even if some of the bosses are literally just unfair, (and that can be a good thing) they are unfair in a bad way, so to speak. Both due to as said that you gotta memorize the moves, but some moves are just a tad bit too cheap (and often off screen).  So be prepared to have some cheap part of a level, or a boss rack up a number of kills, or K:O's on you.Graphics are a nice retro mix. Though even there it has some contracitory tones. Like, one of the characters has to me, one of the most hilarious ""hanging"" animations in any pixel game to date. Which, to me at least, felt a little off in the more serious sections of the game. If there's something I think could have been a nice touch (and might be in FP2) is if the character you played got ""roughed up"" so to speak. Like, at low health, they looked a bit battered and bruised. As, again; with the tone. It just feels a bit odd aestetics wise when the character has 0 hp left, and stands around as if nothing is wrong. Would also have loved if you could on rare ocassions trigger a sort of ""last stand"" to use a cliché term. Like, instead of dying (either by slumping over, or exploding in a ball off fluff. Have to just say I love how they chose to do the two death animations in this game xP I've missed the cartoony aspects of this style of games) get a timer like the one where you are drowning. Maybe tint/dim the screen a bit, and possibly slow down the character some, and give a chance to grab a health item before the timer runs out, and the character faints. (or it could be a 100 % thing to happen for a specific character. Kinda like the character from Metal Slug that can take 2 shots before dying) I dunno, I think it'd really fit the whole ""against all odds"" the game is going with. Just feel it'd be neat with some ""shiz just got real"" indicator. Right now all that happens is that the health bar blinks a little.Though, I know such thing would add a lot extra sprites. But yeah, would at least imo be a really worthwhile addition. I haven't finished the game with all character on all difficulties yet, but even with just one character, I pretty much got my money's worth. One thing I was a bit ""eh..."" towards is how the replayability is handled. In that it's mostly ""multi-path"", so if you make one wrong turn, or at times: one of the two turns, you cannot go back. So, again: it relies on you memorizing. Which as said: To me ruins some of the whole ""adventure"" feel. You can't get everything in one run, you can't beat bosses the first time around. You succeed only thanks to being a magical time traveler. While I could be sorta okay with having to re-run, or at least grab the stuff with other characters, (that's totally acceptable) I do greatly dislike how I can't charge in, hypotetical guns blazing to a boss, and outwit and beat them through skill. Rather having to do a tideious grind in order to figure out their pattern and moveset.Still, I really like the game. It's solid, has good character and gameplay. It's what you expect, with some twists and turns."
,Recommended,248310,11392286,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Prime,"Possibly one of the best games ever made. Aside from some late boss frustration this game has it all, gorgrous artwork, incredible music and some of the best implemented gameplay and level design in recent memory - I feel that it's not only a better example of the 2D platformer genre than Rayman Legends, but flat-out destorys it's biggest inspiration, Sonic. Massive stages, three unique characters with their own distinct playstyle and epic boss fights make this game a must-own title. The work that has went into this game deserves to be experienced by players and the developers deserve to be rewarded and commended."
,Recommended,248310,17056281,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,LuckyWulf,"Easily one of my favorite games. I grew up playing Sonic the Hedgehog on the SEGA Genesis, and playing Freedom Planet made me feel like a kid again. Great visuals, simple yet challenging gameplay, amazing soundtrack. I couldn't recommend this game enough. 11/10"
76561198026284698,Recommended,248310,11396739,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Maverick,"One of the best platformers i have played in a long time. incredibly fun but very challenging. for those scared off by the difficulty, there is a casual mode. and for those who think its still too easy (you fools!) there is a hardmode as well. this game will keep you entertained for hours with the extra characters, and the levels are very replayable and still fun every time."
76561197995558861,Recommended,248310,11786125,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,AFreakinProblem,A high speed platformer that's better than any Sonic game released within the last 15 years. Must play.
,Recommended,248310,16571598,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Mega Missingno.,A better Sonic game than Sega could ever make.
,Recommended,248310,29500528,Posted: 26 January,all,pollution_skunk,"If you're a fan of late 16-bit/early 32-bit action games with great pixelart, ultra-smooth animation and crazy awesome boss battles, buy this game.If you're a fan of old-school CD Audio/Redbook soundtracks with lots of awesome synths, buy this game.If you're a fan of cheesy-yet-badass saturday morning cartoons that take themselves a little bit too seriously, buy this game.If you're a fan of the narmy, so-bad-it's-good voice acting of the 32-bit era, buy this game.If you're a fan of the classic Sonic games and the ludicrous sense of speed they gave you, buy this game.If you're a fan of Megaman X and the huge movesets the later games in the series gave you, buy this game.And even if you're not a fan of none of the above (you monster), BUY THIS GAME ANYWAY BECAUSE IT ♥♥♥♥ING ROCKS!"
,Recommended,248310,20426346,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Cpt. Moist Panties,"Originally conceived as a Sonic the Hedgehog fangame, Freedom Planet eventually became it's own game with enough gameplay differences to stand on its own whilst building upon the Sonic game mechanics that made the Genesis titles such classics.There's really not much to say. FP is a Sonic game that hits all the right points:-Good music (VERY important for me in old-school platformers)-Good level design (like the Sonic games the levels have a lot of paths from A to B, making each replay feel new)-Balance of speed and platforming (you run through a level quickly but also have to carefully navigate it, some sections moreso than others; isn't just a 'press right to finish level' game)That last point is a little harder to hit than most people think. Its easy to make a very linear game where you just run really fast and finish a level quickly. It takes a lot more dedication to make it so that the level has a lot of pathways so that you may forego speed and play the level vertically and explore it further. If anyone has ever seen full maps of old Sonic level designs they'll know what I mean: the levels were designed so that there's a lot going on and they were really built more like rollercoasters with branching paths, and getting to those paths required platforming like any other title.Beyond the confines of Sonic mechanics, the game has wall jumping, a dedicated attack button, a gauge that lets you use a special attack until it runs out (you have to wait for the refill), and vehicles you keep throughout the level that enhance your characters abilities. The motorbike isn't shoehorned in, it's merely a cosmetic change but the gameplay change is just faster movespeed, wall running instead of jumping, and a spin attack in the air.I'll praise the game for not being a sh*t 1970's pong looking title. I am TIRED of indie games going 'retro' and taking the CHEAPEST route by having the game's look like they precede Megaman 1. It was unique 7 years ago, but now it's old hat and merely a way to save on the budget. This game has beautiful sprite work that doesn't skim on the resources, and I'm GRATEFUL for it.Also, there's a story but there's a mode that allows you to just play the levels in order. Grateful for that too, but from what I played the story's alright. Voice acting's good too. Looking forward to more from this studio, STRONG recommendation."
76561198157625144,Recommended,248310,25810536,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Micro Munkee,"Non-Gameplay Pros:-Well-designed characters-Great voice acting-Lighthearted, but with some surprising dark undertones-Simple, yet interesting story-One of the less toxic communities of recent indie games-THE SOUNDTRACK IS HEAVENLY-So good, it's getting a sequelNon-Gameplay Cons:-People who haven't played it may accuse it of being a ""furry game.""Gameplay Pros:-Fantastic level design-Fast-paced gameplay-Each dfficulty mode actually feels different-Different characters add replay value-Smooth difficulty curb-Well-made boss fights-Tons of secrets to find-Designed perfectly for both speedrunners and casual players-Achievements are very creative and challengingGameplay Cons:NoneOverall, this title is a perfect homage to the classic Sonic games, and even surpasses them in some areas. Its gameplay feels very similar, while still managing to be unique by bringing many new things to the table. And while I may get frustrated sometimes (*cough cough* Trap Hideout *cough cough* Final Dreadnought 2 as Milla *cough cough*), I always end up coming back for more. This game gets a solid 10/10 from me."
,Recommended,248310,24580459,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,[MSG15 Elite] Elegy,This game is great can't wait for the sequel
,Recommended,248310,14016317,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Nai255,"Freedom Planet isn't so much a love letter to classic 16-bit action games as it is a full-on romance novel. Fresh, fast-paced, and with an all-around fun vibe, there's just as much to like about these freedom fighters as their Genesis-inspired brethren, if not more so.If I had to nitpick, it would be on the occassional wonkiness with the physics, and lack of audio normalization with some of the spoken dialogue. But that's just a tiny bump in the road on this joyride. What else can I say? Oh, alright: ""CYCLONE!"""
76561198171919230,Recommended,248310,30219209,Posted: 27 February,all,Jac-Man,"As someone who ADORES games like the Classic Sonic games (Sonic 2, Sonic 3 & Knuckles, etc.) Seeing this type of game done with SO much love and care just makes me happy n' nostalgic! Lilac is the most ideal character to blast through stages with, using her Dragon boost to reach higher areas for super fast shortcuts or secrets, Carol's MOTORCYCLE is the best thing ever, and Milla's Yoshi styled flutter jump is great for quickly finishing normally slow platforming. And from what I've seen and played for the sequel: Freedom Planet 2, GalaxyTrail is bringing ALL that BACK with added polish! If you LOVE the Classic Sonic games, or are just looking for a fun platformer, YA GET FREEDOM PLANET. As the Oh-So amazing SomecallmeJohnny once said in HIS review of Freedom Planet, ""Freedom Planet's worth the 15.00 price tag on the quality gameplay alone."" GOD was John right. By the way John, assuming you're reading this, I sent you a friend request. Would you kindly accept it?"
,Recommended,248310,11536641,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,BornFlunky,"You don't have this game yet?What, you -don't- want a platformer that freakin' nails it, with multiple characters with radically different playstyles that make the same stages feel entirely different and new?Are you not keen on the idea of enjoying a story that is engaging, but not overdescriptive to the point of being dull?Does the idea of enjoying a great score, venue-appropriate visuals, expertly-constructed levels, and sometimes-annoying-but-still-charming-and-likable characters not appeal to you?Then you're right to not have this game, you absolutely shouldn't get it if you agreed with all those bullet points."
,Recommended,248310,23244509,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,arsenalRobot,"This game will make you maintain a velocity of an above average speed much better than Sonic the Hedgehog ever did!  I mean you got a dragon that's like a shooting star, a cat that can ride a motorcycle, and a dog that can perform alchemy!  What else can I say about this game?  I rate this game Gems/10 would recommend!"
,Recommended,248310,26395837,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,TheEggyMan,"I cant say anything that hasnt been said by another review.The story is cheesy but charming.The gameplay is fantastic.The level design is actually a big improvment over a lot of the 2D sonic games from what I see.The music is unique and wonderful, but your opinion of music can easily vary from mine.I spent 7 hours beating the main campaign. if you're looking for a long drawn out game, this isnt it, but in the 7 hours I played this game, it's managed to do more than what a lot of other games do in 200.If you're reading this and you're still not sure, try the free demo."
76561198140172581,Recommended,248310,14259705,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Unno,"Upon discovering an upcoming sequel, I uncontrollably ran into the nearest toilet at approximately 1753mph and hit a wall so hard that the collision caused an implosion, which then elevated into a black hole that consumed our planet and ended our existence entirely.This game is good."
76561198077348744,Recommended,248310,12852590,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Raen,"First of all, let me say that I do not enjoy Sonic games. When I tried playing them, I usually ended up being hurled into some spikes at high speed.Freedom Planet however, while obviously inspired by Sonic games, is different enough for me enjoy it. In fact, I gotta say, I love this game.There's hardly anything about this game that is not brilliant. Artworks, level design, music, every aspect is lovely.100% recommendable, not only for fans of Sonic games."
76561197972953126,Recommended,248310,13034579,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,PozerWolf,"This game took my by surprise. Honestly, I wasn't sure what to expect as it looked like a typical ""ORIGINAL THE CHARACTER, DO NOT STEAL!"" type design. But upon seeing the gameplay trailer, it looked like a decent sonic 2D fan made game.What surprised me was how much fun I had with the game. Great music, interesting stages, and possibly some of the best boss battles I've seen in any platformer all the way up to the final boss, this game had my attention all the way through.The only real downside to the game is that the story is... terrible (and this is putting it lighty). However, there is a mode called ""Classic mode"" that allows you to skip all dialogue in the game and go straight into the action. But you may want to leave the story mode on, since some people may find it so bad that it's funny.Wonderful game."
76561197984010815,Recommended,248310,20106536,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Highyena,"Many say that Freedom Planet is a love letter to Sonic-era gaming.  It's more of a Dear John letter, as in-""Dear Sonic, I'm leaving and taking the kids, the motorcycle, the dog, and everything else that made you awesome.  Except the speed.  You can keep your addiction to speed.  -Best Wishes, Hero Pants""For what started as a Sonic fangame, FP has already evolved well beyond that, and with the announcement of a sequel, there's a good chance that this will establish it as a fully viable franchise.The game is familar to anyone who's puttered around as a 2D blue hedgehog straight out of the gate, but it quickly breaks into its own beast.  First and foremost, It has a story.  Like, a deep, involving story that actually makes sense beyond 'go find some magic crystals and stop some fat man with a sick fetish for concentrating all of his impressive resources upon a completely unstrategic planet'.  Second, the levels are fun and accessable to explore - There are many routes and paths through each of the stages, and while speed-running is perfectly possible, I found myself taking upwards of twenty minutes per area, just to poke at everything on the first play through.The pacing also excels in this one, the boss fights are spaced well and aren't too easy or too challanging (usually), and generally make sense for what your trying to accomplish at any time in the game.  That being said, some of the bosses (the standard 'figure out my pattern and I'm useless' sort common to platformers) are pretty hard, even on normal, and even after you've figured it all out.The one thing this game doesn't have over any Sonic title is speed.  You do run fast.  But it's not a case of holding down right ceaselessly and occasionally hitting a jump button to fly over a pit or some spikes until the stage ends.  You have to fight things rather than just roll through them, in this sense it's far more like Rocket Knight, and each of the playable characters offer a vastly different approach to how you handle enemies.Speaking of different characters, each one has their own set of stages, some with completely unique levels designed only for them.  I thought that was a nice touch.  It makes playing through the game as another person a slightly different experience than just doing the same things over and over.Otherwise, there are the usual bevy of things to collect and unlock, the soundtrack is fantastic, and the graphics are very close to later era 2D Sonic games, while still working its own style in smoothly.  There's even an amusing shmup segment that comes in two flavors depending who you are.All in all, I highly enjoyed this game, and I am looking forward to Freedom Planet 2."
76561198001886287,Recommended,248310,11382981,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Arisulane,"10/10 Extremely replayable in a classical sense.Yeah it's got furries in it, but all the characters grow on you pretty quickly and each character almost plays like a different platforming genre. It's definitely an inspired game that delivers."
,Recommended,248310,11366107,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Ozgarden,"Oui donc Freedom Planet est bien une tuerie. C'est ce que Sonic ne sera jamais plus; en beaucoup mieux.Jouer à ce titre dont je n'avais jamais entendu parler -honte à moi- est plus intense que mes souvenirs de lorsque j'avais onze ans, chez mes voisins, mes meilleurs amis de l'époque, pour prendre mon pied avec un pad de♥♥♥♥♥♥♥à Sonic sur MegaDrive.Vocalisé à outrance, scénarisé avec brio. Un kitch de rigueur mais sans excès, pour moi qui adore la simplification des codes graphiques, je suis en présence d'une merveille. Et quelle bande-son... c'est à se taper le cul au lustreUn voyage dans le temps. C'est un peu ma madeleine vidéoludique, quatorze ans après le bug de l'an deux-mille, je ne suis pas encore totalement un Vieux Con."
,Recommended,248310,12331801,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Kagira,"A game that, honestly, I was apprehensive about buying. I was so wrong. Freedom planet make look like ""Deviantart the Game"" on the outside, but once you get into it, it's alot of fun.The controls can be a bit loose sometimes, but overall there aren't many major problems there. The gameplay is incredibly reminiscent of many Sega classics such as Ristar, Rocket Knight and , of course, Sonic the Hedgehog. Rather than jumping on your foes to kill and damage them, characters have a variety of punches, kicks and dashes to deal damage up close.Fans of Treasure games (Gunstar heroes, most notably) might feel right at home with many of the visuals in Freedom Planet. In fact, there's even a boss that i'm certain is a reference to Gunstar Heroes itself. The art is incredibly well done and has alot of personality to it, with great care being taken in making the levels and backgrounds look very pleasing. Some of the characters seem a bit off at times, but nothing glaring.Audio-wise, the soundtrack is amazing. It's incredibly similar to many sega classics and, to quote an actual reviewer, feels incredibly ""video game-y"". For a videogame, that's good of course. The voice acting is a mixed bag. Yes, there are voice acted cutscenes. If that's not your bag, they've even added a ""Classic"" mode that's just the gameplay! The voices range from ""I hope this guy got more work after this"" to ""Hilarious"".All in all, if you enjoyed classic Sega platformers and can get past the whole ""these look like sonic fancharacters"" shell, you'll find a fun game with a goofy saturday morning cartoon-like story loosely tying it together.After all, it could've been worse. It was gonna be a sonic fangame."
,Recommended,248310,11361731,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,ogmozero,"If you want a Sonic style game that feels like something straight out of the old comics, this will suit you.While I'm not a giant fan of the script used for the dialoge, the voice cast is great for cutscenes or ""callouts"" when characters use abilities. There are hidden items scattered around the levels: cards. Not to be confused with Steam cards (though they are activated for this game), they are essentially just collectables that say ""HAH, I EXPLORED"".The grapics are a great throwback, and even remain in the Sonic style/spirit. The music and sounds are wonderful and fulfill my craving of chip type things. The level layouts are pretty neat, and while some of them have a couple gimmicks, think of them in the light of something like Sonic 3: yeah they are there, but they aren't going to be relevant in pretty much any situation outside of the one you're in right then.The only big gripe I have with the game is the engine used for the characters' movement. Long story short, you can slug your way up a wall (vertically) with no momentum. Without a proper momentum style set, the game can feel a bit too slow for the type of game it is, but it doesn't really get in the way (see: my biggest gripe, and it's still good).This is the teams first game, so any issues I see as forgivable. You will be thoroughly impressed all things considered (if you are either into furry business or platformers), and this gives me confidence that their next game is going to blow Sega's dangly parts out of the water.As of this review (July 22nd, 2014) there are a few things that feel unfinished, but note that the developers are looking to add more and more content to the game. Double-edged sword here, as while I wish upon you kind folks to purchase this spectacle to speed development up and of course for your joy, I would say that if you aren't tolerant of a few missing things, MAYBE wait for a sale on it (or until they get this new content out, whichever comes first), but in the meantime, I'm going to just go hammer away at this and get everything done that I can.I'd give this game as it is a 7.5/10, which I'm hoping to raise to an 8.5/10 once the new content comes out, but who knows: could be higher."
,Recommended,248310,11382840,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,WooX,"Good,nuf saidYou like Classical 2D platformers AKA sonic on genesis. then this is a must buy"
,Recommended,248310,17061864,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,ManBehindSentry,This game has restored my faith in humanity. I have since bought 2 additional copies to send to my friends.It's as if someone realized that sonic isn't just about going fast and that all we were looking for was a tight controlling platformer with good music and level design.
,Recommended,248310,18333914,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,P. Sebs,"This game gives me a new hate for pandas.10/10 (not kidding, this game is really good)Update: Still don't like them"
,Recommended,248310,12639649,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Ammokkx,"So yeah this has been consuming quite a bit of time.This game is kind of a mix of Megaman's enemies, Ristar's platforming and look as well as sonic's speed. It's incredibly addictive and visually appealing, and while i personally have not tried speedrunning must be a VERY fun pasttime with the particular game. The colorful aesthetic also makes it so even when you blaze through the levels the background remains a charming thing to look at. Another notable thing is it's soundtrack, there's a good mix of very fast songs alongside maybe some darker and slower ones, all fitting in certain situations and they're pretty to listen at to boot! The controls also feel very fluid and responsive, so if you mess up it's more than likely your own fault.There's of course a few downsides, Like the fact that the story might not be everyone's cup of tea. There's some seriously lengthy cutscenes which focus more on the characters and their drama rather than the actual plot itself, and if you want an example of people getting annoyed at this PaperBat did a playthrough and promptly skipped a few. Another thing is that you're going to hit a difficulty spike at a certain point, one which on your first playthrough is more than likely not expected.All in all, i reccomend it for it's great gameplay, visuals and soundtrack. And if you don't mind lenghty cutscenes, the story's pretty good too!"
,Recommended,248310,11648767,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Crepe,oh my god this game is difficult but it has good music
,Recommended,248310,11364838,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Eidolon,"Oh yeah, this game is perfect. Spot-on.Revised review: The Linux and Mac versions have even better performance than the original Windows-only release. Now is a better time than ever to play it."
,Recommended,248310,16517448,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,AYOMEN,greeziest game
76561198044140048,Recommended,248310,26500191,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,=(e)= Spat856,"Freedom Planet is a great Sonic spiritual successor that that isn't afraid to shake up the classic Sonic formula.The only thing I can say that is negative is that the other playable characters just feel clunky and slow compared to the main character of Freedom Planet (Lilac) with her remarkable speed and fluent gameplay when going through the campaign.Besides that Freedom Planet is a must have for any die hard Sonic fan, old and new."
,Recommended,248310,11477801,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Rapid,"I'm not very good at writing big reviews so I will keep this brief...Great controls, great music, great level design and a pretty neat story, you should really pick this game up."
76561197983168747,Recommended,248310,11401420,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Chiro,"omg O3O i totally love this game =Dthe best thing is the levels arent finished quick ya play in one stage like 10~30 minutes if you trying to get all the stuff <3the music is awesome asweeeeeeeeel >w< gosh i love the music.the game has only one flaw and that is that it is a little bit tricky when you trying to jump directly from the edge. happens often that ya just fall xD BUUUUT this game is the money worth. waiting for a sale is not needed >w< it has multible characters too, a nice story, nice character animations EVEN the caracters having voice ingame when ya fight against boss enemys like when you fight nearly perfect said the char ""come on try to hit me"" or you cant hit me and other stuff like giggling etc. its asweome >w< sometimes tricky and a bit hard too BUT a game without competive bossfights (sometimes) is not a game =3and yes blabla i didnt played the game not much yet but it makes totally fun and if i wouldnt have hungry right now hadnt i stopped playing at all x3"
76561198025752844,Recommended,248310,11355676,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,[ LT.DAN ],I thought this would never beat Sonic 3.I was wrong.11/10.
,Recommended,248310,12104999,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Alice,"It's the sonic game we deserve... And totally the one sega needed to make but never will.But it's not just a sonic tribute game... There are tributes to many good old school platformers... Hints of Zool in the level design and the moveset of the main protagonist. And the spirit of Turrican in the awesome music that permeates the awesome level design. And on a note on the level design, it's both functional, deep and yet incredibly inventive."
,Recommended,248310,11421900,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,BananaJane,"Girls with motorcycles in 2D, games don't get much better"
,Recommended,248310,11421533,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Eske,"10/10Waited a long time for this game to be released, and it was worth it. It really does give that nostalgia feel from the mega drive (Genesis) days. Characters are alot of fun to play , levels feel huge in comparison, the bosses are challenging, the scenery is awesome.Overall just a great experience :)"
76561198089750579,Recommended,248310,19108427,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,aaronperry4521,"i loved this game so much.  Great story, lovable and relatable characters, great soundtrack, great mechanics.  The only thing i disliked about this game was my oown inability to not suck while playing as Milla. XD"
76561198038209491,Recommended,248310,11472430,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Mi,"The game is great but the final few bosses (At least on carols campaign) kinda suck to fight. Good music, good levels, and way more cutscenes than I expected."
,Recommended,248310,25565366,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Yamcha,"it's fun, i like that you can skip the story mode cutscenes because i just want to play the game without watching the plot. one nitpick is that the levels are a bit too long, so i get a bit tired when playing them"
76561197994453696,Recommended,248310,25583809,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Crypt1kMeta4,"A fantastic display and addicting gameplay that's easy to learn and a lifetime to master. Unique levels, superb story and voice acting! If that's not your thing, classic mode is also fantastic in that option. The soundtrack is 100% worth it. Get use to unique levels and assets every level along the way. I can't praise it enough. The only hookups I can think of is that the controls can be a bit dodgy when trying to switch from keyboard to gamepad, or vice versa, but its quick to fix and forget about. Adventure mode cinematics can take up a lot of time, but again, If you don't like it, you can always skip them, or play the classic mode and forgo them entirely. If you're looking for something new and interesting, or are a fan of this type of side scrolling action game, you won't walk away dissapointed. I don't often type reviews, but this is as honest and non-biased I can be about it. I hope everyone who endulges can enjoy this."
,Recommended,248310,16515205,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Sipp,"Pros- Better combat than sonic- Gotta go fast- Collectible cards that unlock sounds, concept art, etc.- Better story than sonic (nowhere near the best though)Cons-Physics are a bit weird, as you can basically walk up walls with no momentumThis is an amazing game and i give it 9/10. Edit: I removed my nitpicks of originality, because the secret character you can unlock plays like nothing I've seen before"
76561198058156743,Recommended,248310,16932352,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Inspector Dosh,"This is another generic positive review for Freedom Planet. Seriously, what else can I add in without repeating what has been said already? Other than that, I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS GAME!!!"
,Recommended,248310,14115305,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Tolain,"One of the best surprises of the year, it's like oldschool Sonic + Mega Man X + Gunstar Heroes + Sparkster. All around awesome."
,Recommended,248310,11576009,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Luggy (spooks),Want to play some Freedom Planet?BA-DUM!
,Recommended,248310,28997427,Posted: 3 January,all,Hathkar,"I'm not really a reviewer and I won't nearly do this game the justice it deserves, but I'll try.Basically the counterpart to Shovel Knight's love letter to NES/Megaman. This is a love letter to Genesis/Treasure games. Unfortunately, it hasn't received as much press coverage so it's not nearly as well known.Pros:Great level designVaried level gimmicks and fresh enemies almost every level (including set pieces)AMAZING musicGreat pixel art (not the ""indie"" pixel art which looks atrocious)Fantastic difficulty curveSound designThe drowning “music” is terrifyingMore I can't even think of or put into wordsCons:Story has that 90’s feel and can be kinda cheesy but in my opinion, works fineVoice acting is serviceable (although the voice actor for the main villain does a great job)If any of the above sounds appealing, why not try out the demo?"
76561198023075393,Recommended,248310,11571285,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Severa,"This was quite possibly one of the greatest titles I've picked up in a long time. The platforming, the difficulty, everything about it is glorious. The controls are fantastic, the game itself looks beautiful, I could compare it's asthetics to that of Ristar (Hah, anyone remember that gem?) in terms of how gorgeous this alien landscape is. The soundtrack, being one of the most important things to me in a video game, really pulled me in. Fantastic job with the entire musical score! The game overall really captures that Sega Genesis feel. I have to say my most favorite thing about this game were the bosses, especially the final one. I haven't faced a more difficult final boss than that in a long time, and I mean that in a good way. None of them felt unfairly difficult. Overall, I'd say this game is certainly a must-play, and I strongly encourage anyone reading this to pick it up."
,Recommended,248310,11489938,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Davjo,A quite cool game where you run super fast to beat up monsters and aliens and stuff.Also an actual story and easter eggs.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=293674053
,Recommended,248310,11427787,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Winstar,I never did one of these reviews for any of my games on Steam but I felt I had to this time. This is definitely worth the 15 dollars and for me it was money well spent for this game.Not only look but plays like a game that would have been a classic on the Sega Saturn. I mean the GOOD SS games too. There are a lot of familiar gameplay elements that do borrow from the classic Sonic and Sega games. Not to mention great soundtrack with large and colorful levels and some very good voice acting. Not talking Acedemy Awards quality but a heck of a lot better than what you probably heard in the Playstation and Sege Saturn era.You also start of with two characters with very different movesets. I unlocked another character with a different moveset as well and they are pretty diverse in their attacks and specials. The sprite animation is top quality as well and the controls are very resonsive so yeah not floaty or slidey character movements. You can tell this is a game the developers put a lot of love into because it does not feel like an indie game at all.So if you want a good quality throwback platformer from the 90s I cannot recommend this game enough.
,Recommended,248310,19319986,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Bl4deMast3r,"With an amazing story surrounding it, beautiful pixelized landscapes, a beautiful soundtrack and awesome characters, Freedom Planet is worth the 15€/15$ Valve normally charge for it, here on Steam.If you're familiar with the 2D Sonic games, I think you'll find yourself in a similar but better experience, in Freedom Planet (this coming from quite a big Sonic fan).Personally, I also think this is a game where you'll hardly put up with any FPS drops. Since even my super slow laptop can handle this game at 60 FPS.Now for my very first playthrough, it took me around 11 hours to complete Adventure mode, which focuses on both the levels and the game's narrative. It probably takes slightly less if one manages to complete the story with one of the characters without focusing on enemies, pickups, collectibles, one certain easter egg and without dying even once.Honestly, I have no complaints about Freedom Planet. It's worth its price! And if you're a Sonic fan (particularly the 2D games), you're gonna love it and see just how AWESOME one similar game can be without the famous blue hedgehog in it.As for the haters... call this game a cheap Sonic knock-off or whatever you want to call it. Trust me when I say it is NOT a Sonic knock-off. This is a indie game full of intense moments, a great story, excellent and well developed characters and good platforming without having too much of it.Whoever sees my small review, thank you for taking your time reading it, plz respect my opinion and have fun with this masterpiece of an indie game."
76561197971248826,Recommended,248310,16504751,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,JDaddy86,"This game, this...game is one of the absolute best Sonic clones there ever was, has and will be. Actually scratch that, this IS the best sonic clone since Sonic's glorious Dreamcast games. You want Fast Sonic Gameplay? Check, an AMAZING soundtrack, You got it, and tons of replayability, you have that to.Buy this game, you will not regret it."
,Recommended,248310,21718268,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,CAT_ATACK,"By far one of the best games of 2014, period.Fun, action packed, and highly replayable, If your a fan of old high speed platforming then freedom planet definitley delivers.also physics defying motorcycle, need i say more?"
,Recommended,248310,11486834,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Tails' Cash Explosion,"Like Sonic, only good."
,Recommended,248310,11414971,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Mousegirl at large,Fills the void Sega left in my heart when the broke Sonic's spine over their knee during that boardroom meeting.
,Recommended,248310,16663230,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,St3amboat,"(Imagine this in the Honest Trailers voice)Tired of Indie games that your friend insists is one of the best games ever, but only plays once every four years? Well, get ready for the indie game that your friend insists is one of the best games ever, and plays once every THREE years! It’s just that good.Freedom Planet.Freedom; a word the evokes uninhibited exploration. Planet; a word used to describe worlds so big, Pluto doesn’t make the cut anymore. Get ready to explore a sprawling Metroidvania that is worthy of its title... what? It’s a level-by-level platformer with no upgrades? Then why is it called Freedom Pla [cut]Welcome to planet Avalice. Embark on an epic two-and-a-half hour adventure with your choice of character. Blaze through over ten stages as Girl Sonic…-Ristar...-Gunstar...-Ryu...-Dragon... Okay, that’s awesome. Leave something for your sidekick, why don’t you? [clip of sidekick driving a motorcycle up a wall] Nevermind.Use your skills to speed through huge lovingly detailed levels with multiple paths, then spend eighty percent of your time stuck trying to defeat bosses again and again in vain because you’re too stubborn to lower the difficulty. Ughh, how am I supposed to beat this guy?! He just punches out of nowhere and takes half my health! I’m not even playing on Hard! Patch this already! Oh good, they did. All right! Time to download… wait, I already have it? NOOOOOOOO [cut]Get ready to experience a loving homage to Sonic, Ristar, Treasure, and every other awesome Sega Genesis \ Mega Drive and Saturn game every made, with quarter-pipes, crazy loop-de-loop structures, high-speed launches,  sweet music and sound effects, elemental shields, the dread of running out of oxygen, really big lasers, really big explosions, really big bosses that shake the screen when they attack and lag the framerate when they die,  and those cool spiral elevators that were in..,. uh… Launch Base Zone? Hydrocity Zone? You know, that zone with the cool spiral elevators in it. They’re in this game.Then watch it burn your childhood nostalgia into a crisp by pointing out all the problems your favourite games had, and fixing them with simple features like: difficulty selection, more than one useful move per character, a perky 1-up jingle that only plays when the mood calls for it, a reasonable difficulty curve that ****s with you on purpose instead of drunkenly stumbling between too easy and too hard, the ability to pause cut-scenes, the ability to skip cut-scenes, the ability to not accidentally skip cut-scenes just by looking at the controller funny, an icon that tells you when something’s about to kill you from off-screen WHY DON’T SONIC GAMES EVER HAVE THOSE?! [breath], and swimming.Use your cunning to conserve your health bar and cherish health pick-ups like water in a desert… or play on Easy and watch as your health regenerates before your eyes. You might as well; the achievements don’t care. And you can change the difficulty any time you want. See? This cleared save file has 100 deaths because I played on Normal, but do you see the word “Normal” anywhere on there? For all you know, I lost all those lives on Casual. But trust me, you guys, it was on Normal.Cringe, at a, well, honestly, a surprisingly well-fitting story featuring: Decapitations, Brainwashing, Worldwide War, Making New Friends, Political Intrigue, Wholesale Asskicking, Playful Teasing, Horrifying Mutations, Cold-Blooded Torture, and All-You-Can-Eat Sushi. Mmmmm. Sewwwwsh.Once you’ve played out the Adventure Mode, take on a variety of extra modes such as: Classic Mode, which is Adventure Mode minus the cutscenes, Time Attack Mode, which is Classic Mode plus a level select menu, and… ummmm…Then, hunt for 100 cards hidden throughout the game, and try to collect the achievements, which are one part speedruns, one part card collection, one part challenges that would be tough if you couldn’t do them on any difficulty, and three parts wacky bull**** like “notice our dance easter egg”, “let the AI partner get the last hit on this boss”, and the ultimate bragging rights reward: “stand on a ledge.”But seriously you guys, you think I’d write a review this long for a game I think is just ok? No. It’s tons of fun. Buy it now!Starring: [Lilac] “CYCLONE!”, [Carol] A Green Bobcat on a Motorbike, [Milla] Fluttercream, [Brevon] The Bad Guy From Galaxy Quest, [Torque] Plucky Duck, [Syntax] GladOS Knockoff Number 263, [Neera Li] Panda Tigress, [Spade] Panda Gambit, [Gong] Brooklyn Panda, [Dail] Another Panda? Geez, they’re doing fine here apparently.Wutai Planet.[clip of Jade Creek boss, playing as Carol] Okay, so they script it so she swoops in at the last moment and claims the last hit on the boss? Screw off, glory hog, I did all the work.Score: 3\4. (Close to 3.5, but the default price point feels a little steep. I might need to change this score with future DLC)"
76561198208541369,Recommended,248310,19311446,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,ThunderHound,"Freedom Planet is a fast paste action platformer following the adventures of Lilac, Carol, Milla, and Commander Torque and their mission to take back the kingdom stone.  All starting off as a Sonic fan-game it then took off into its own identity. The game has the cosmetic of a sega genesis. Both the plot , voice acting, characters, and gameplay are flawless. Easily Shooting  to a 10/10. If you love going fast and being graceful, quick, and clever, then this is the perfect game for you. Each level has some kind of gimmick that's used for only that level to keep things from getting repetitive. Being able to play as multiple characters (just not in the same file) also helps keeps things from getting repetitive and with there being three you'll be playing this for a while."
76561198137535356,Recommended,248310,21333205,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Kora,"A fast, fun game that you'll be hooked on for months if not years."
,Recommended,248310,11540379,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,[KotM] Tallfire,"To start, I'd recommend you try to separate this game from others because the changes might result in frustrating habits.In short, this game has excellent sounds, visuals, and a very adaptable gameplay style with challenging enemies (both mooks and bosses) and great level design. It's strongest aspects for me is the pacing of the game that is helped immensely by it's soundtrack and audio, gameplay rules that allow yourself and enemies to be on equal footing, and a story that is not distilled for the sake of being harmless.The story does not try to force morals and lessons on you but instead gives you a interesting, fun, and animated experience that I feel I can say attempts elements that aren't typically featured in such a cartoony setting.Gameplay-wise, most of the opponents are dangerous, down to the most dormant and the level design is varied. Often you will come across situations where enemies will challenge your speed in ways that will require you to fight, use an ability, change direction, slow down, or keep to your speed until you can escape. I feel it noteworthy to mention that enemies do not damage you on contact unless they clearly can. There are moments of slow platforming and times where you can progress at a relaxing pace with each character having their own methods of progress and are equally well equipped to do so. I also appreciate that bosses act a lot like they look as a ""human"" boss does not rely on soaking up hits or ramming into you as much as a robot or a manned machine.This game, while it does get very difficult, is a great blend of many game practices and I would easily recommend it. Thanks for reading."
,Recommended,248310,18064636,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,♠ Spade The Dragon Knight ♠,"When I first heard of this game, I thought it was going to be a poor attempt of a Sonic fan game. But when I played it Freedom planet proved me wrong and slapped me across the face for thinking that. I feel ashamed to think of that now and wish that i didn't judge it. The game is great and and the ost just sold me to the game. I really love the characters even Milla. I got the soundtrack from bandcamp and I happly take it anywhere I go. As Johnny from somecallmejohnny says: ""Sonic Boomed. So here's Freedom planet."" P.s. Hurry up with the DLC. I can't wait to play as Spades!"
76561198324100768,Recommended,248310,31768241,Posted: 15 May,all,JBALASV,"This game is absolutely amazing! It combines the gameplay of Sonic the Hedgehog, Mega Man, and Gunstar Heroes. The 2-D platforming is perfectly balanced with enemy combat and boss battles. The 3 avaliable characters give variety for players and offer different gameplay styles during a stage. As for the story (no spoilers), it is well written, has mediocre voice acting, but a great plot along with some comedy in the mix. I can't believe it took me this long to find this game and I heard Freedom Planet 2 is confirmed as well, and I'm looking foward to it. I highly recommend this game for any player who loves 2-D platforming, speed-running, or 2-D combat. It is definitely worth the $15."
,Recommended,248310,25673112,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Vogel100,"A lot of people are comparing this to Sonic, but as someone who doesn't like classic Sonic I can confirm that this game is amazing anyway. It definitely has elements from Sonic, but does a lot of new things as well. For example: actual combat instead of killing everyone in one hit with the only attack you have (which makes especially boss fights a lot more fun, but regular stages as well), a great story (at least in my opinion), a lot of different cool special abilities, much better level design (again in my opinion, either way it's different), and a lot of other stuff that I can't think of right now (I'd probably have to play more classic Sonic to see all the stuff that's different but I really don't want to) but that's okay because I think I made my point anyway. Each of these things still make the game very different from Sonic, despite the similarities.Also I love the character designs and the characters and the story and the music and everything really."
,Recommended,248310,23564221,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Fraggot,"A really great platforming experience that's reminiscent of the Sega Genesis era of 16 bit games. It's got great replay value with a host of characters to try and master, fantastic level and boss design, a rocking soundtrack, and great pixel art that really puts it on top of the indie nostalgic platformer pile and distinguishes it from its peers. I prefer this to Shovel Knight, if that's an endorsement that matters to you."
,Recommended,248310,19527322,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Pablo Diehl,One of the best platform  games i've ever played!Simple like that. ;)Just buy it!
76561198052021228,Recommended,248310,22556783,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Dracodan,"Although the story wasn't to my taste there is a slight charm to it. This reminds me of the good times we all had with Sonic, granted its a short game if you beat it with one character but there are 4 modes from casual to hard.There are three characters with all different playstyles and gives you an exscuse to play the main game again. I could also see this game being a great attraction for speedrunners with time attacks and that old skool feeling of ""how fast can i beat this game using precise jumps and memorising the level to each pixel.If you're not a speedrunner like me don't worry theres a lot to do and at its current price i would reccomend it. It beats alot pixel related games out there and imo a hidden gem.The music is fantastic it has that cool old school feeling but feeling fresh out of the gate with its evil theme to its charming light hearted approach.Forget the story and cringeworthy moments - the game is worthy enough of your attention."
76561198274312900,Recommended,248310,27893021,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SqueenGod,Play this while you wait for Sonic Mania. If you're a Sonic fan anyway.
,Recommended,248310,11479019,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,agarpac,"Welp then...I waited for this game to steam a while ago, until i got busy and forgot about the demos. i got surprised that it got sooner to get released!I'm glad they made it. xDThis game is worth to try (if you like at least ""platform"")....but why 15$? xDwelp, i guess 15 is fair to this great game :Dnice level! and including the song! oh yea... the boss level and the music is EPIC!!! i cant belive it the control is rlly smooth with controller (eh, but i do on d-pad for this game.) and yeah...... wuts more?the story for this game is nice.but since i'm not done with dis game, i guess i cant be say ""EPIC"" with certainty. but at least, ""WONDERFUL"" should be fit.and yeah, theres a bug too. but not really easy to get.I guess this game is almost ""perfect"" from bug :v. i really think that they work really hard forthis game so.... Thanks for your hardwork! :DIm looking forward to check for updates or addon (um... bonus content)~GamerZ1/Zhy(not really good to review but atleast this is my own opinion)"
76561198009051712,Recommended,248310,22898829,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Unknown,"If you love platform games, you need to play this one.It's like Sonic but at the same time it's different :pFreedom Planet has great visuals, good character design, awesome boss fights and a cool soundtrack.I've gotta say, the people who made this game got the job done right.This game has four playable characters, each one with their own gameplay style.It has 4 different levels of difficulty and a couple of game modes to beat (Adventure, Classic and Time attack).Adventure mode it's pretty much the story mode as you beat each level.The Classic mode doesn't have any story elements and jumps straight into the action.Time attack is where you try to beat the levels as fast as possible.There's also a Gallery, if you're one of those players who likes to collect everything.About the gameplay itself, I think it's challenging and fun.Some of the boss fights are tough but once you beat them you'll feel like a badass.As for the story and voice acting, they're not the best out there but they're enjoyable.It seems that everyone wants to take over the world these days and it's always up to us to save it :pMy only complain about this game is the screen tearing and some slowdowns when I'm playing on full screen.On window mode, everything is fine."
,Recommended,248310,30180030,Posted: 25 February,all,SpatialSound13,"I'm not really good at writing reviews of things in general, but here goes:To be honest, I went into this game a little biased, having seen a review beforehand that called it a 'Sonic clone'. I liked th elook of it though, and downloaded the demo. I'm glad to say that any doubts I had before were immediately dismissed! I played through a stage, and immediately bought both the full game and the soundtrack. I've had to stop myself from playing through the whole game in one sitting because I've gotten into it so much! I like the fact that it's not 100% high-speed, get-through-as-quick-as-you-can; you can either blitz through each stage speedrun-style, or take your time exploring the different paths and searching for collectables. The fact that each character goes through some of the same levels is a plus too; even though I'd played the level before, this time I had different abilities wich I could use to find new routes. As for the soundtrack, well, I'd like to personally thank whoever did the music, because I have no words to describe how much I love it! Each track fits the context perfectly, and there's not a single track in the OST which I'm indifferent to, they're all amazing!Tl;dr I really love this game, the soundtrack deserves an award (or two - or more), bring on the sequel!"
,Recommended,248310,30438210,Posted: 10 March,all,SquashyAsp,"- This review is spoiler free -This game is perfect for anyone who wants a 2D Sonic experience, likes to fight hard bosses, or just likes the overall design aspect of Sonic characters themselves. I know Freedom Planet is its own thing, but referencing Sonic will give people (who haven't played the game) a general idea of how it plays.Freedom Planet caters to all audiences, whether this is your first video game to even the most seasoned of veteran gamers, there's a difficulty mode for you. But all games have their flaws. Here are the major Pros and Cons I have found in the game.ConsSome of the voice acting is a bit off.- I understand that they did not record the lines in a studio and did it in the comfort of their own homes but, some of the lines could have been a little better. Especially when they are in a very dramatic moment and it seems the characters are speaking normally.Milla’s shield isn’t the best.- This just might be my user error, but a lot of the time I find projectiles get trapped between Milla and her shield. This happens often with shade troopers, they get right up in your face then shoot.It's hard to dodge some attacks as Milla- Sometimes as Milla it is very hard to dodge some attacks that Lilac and Carol can easily pass through.  Lilac and Carol have a special attacks that grant them invincibility for the duration of the move. Milla does not have this. Her special spawns a blocks that reflects most projectiles, but doesn’t protect from melee attacks and lasers.There is not enough character development- Most of the time is spent during gameplay. Although the cutscenes are quite long sometimes, not enough character development is given. This leads to us knowing very little about the characters themselves.ProsThe music and visuals are great!- If you are a long time Sonic fan 2D or 3D, you will love the music in this game. The music is high quality and really matches with the theme of each stage. A major boss battle feels like a major boss battle, and the visuals are just amazing.There are so many extras.- Galaxy Trail has put so much love and care into this game. From the collectible cards to Majong, they have filled this game to the brim with unique and cool extras. Also the menu screen can shake. :)Every character feels unique.- Every character in Freedom Planet has an entirely unique move set from one another. This makes each character feel truly unique and keeps each story fun. Unlike Classic Sonic gameplay which is more of a copy and paste with added moves.The boss fights are fun.- Sure it doesn’t make people feel good when they are getting torn to shreds by a boss, but the bosses in Freedom Planet feel like they are manageable because they have very obvious attack patterns. They usually do a ton of damage, but these attack patterns makes it a bit easier. It feels very satisfying to defeat a hard boss with little to no damage taken after learning it’s attack pattern.To me the pros outweigh the cons by a lot. Overall I think Freedom Planet is a good buy for any Sonic fan, or any gamer in general. I do not recommend this however, for anyone who doesn't like platformers or challenging games. (This game can be pretty tough sometimes)- Now let's all get ready for Freedom Planet 2! -"
76561198046521134,Recommended,248310,11468674,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Cteno,"This game brings back memories of previous beloved games from the past like Rocket Knight,Sonic and Ristar and mix them all togheter it fun and challenging for those who loved games that plays like a Sonic game but in it's own unique form then this is a game for you."
76561198038930096,Recommended,248310,28567792,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,"Dr Ivo ""Pingas"" Robotnik","Very good! A lot of fun from beginning to end without outstaying it's welcome. Story isn't it's strongest point, but there's an option to avoid that, so isn't an issue. Strongly recommend!"
76561198043793946,Recommended,248310,17136125,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Grinja,"A really good platformer, the levels are all really well made and quite fun. The boss fights don't give you a feel of acomlishment and rather leave you with a feeling of ""♥♥♥♥ing done, finally"". Sometimes one duck character would be missing its bill and the sound track wouldn't always play. Which is a shame because its a really nice sound track. Good in short doses because too often you wanna drop it for the day when theres no obvious path to take unlike earlier Sonic games. The story is cringe worthy and so is the voice acting. They shouldnt have spent any time at all on the story or voice acting to be honest. But overall the game is fun and worth a ride through."
76561198020634782,Recommended,248310,23003472,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Friend invites sent,"If you grew up with and loved Sonic platformers, then this is so worth it! I would have loved to see the Sonic series continue in this style, the way this game was done, so many voice overs and story mode...sooo well done!I am already getting my hopes up for a Freedom Planet 2! ;)"
,Recommended,248310,16623020,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,OmegaJeff,"This really great indie game takes the format and style of a classic Sonic the Hedghog game, then refines and modernizes it.  You could go as far as to say this is the best Sonic game that SEGA never published.The only criticism I can offer is that the story is a little juvenille and the voice acting is a little weak."
,Recommended,248310,20162889,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,CoreyHanson,"This game is an absolute blast to play. If Shovel Knight was a love letter to the NES then Freedom Planet is a meticulously detailed love letter to the Sega Genesis (Mega Drive). Of course the obvious comparison can be made to Sonic the Hedgehog, but the game also pays homage to many other gems of the Genesis such as Ristar, Dynamite Headdy and Gunstar Heroes. Unlike those games however, Freedom Planet does take a more modern approach. For instance, the game features fully voiced scenes inbetween levels, which I personally found to be very well done and definitely fitting of the game's story which very much has the feel of a saturday moring cartoon, and I mean that in the best possible way."
,Recommended,248310,13487587,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Leaf Kadohata,"It's like Genesis Sonic, but leaning more towards Sonic & Knuckles specifically due to different perspectives on the story being shown depending on what character you choose.....and it's got voice acting so 8.7/10 IGOTY Too much Kawaii and such. I need coffee."
,Recommended,248310,13490532,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Weeman,"Were you a Sega Genesis fan back in the day? Then this isthe a must buy. Were you not a Genesis fan? Then this game is still really good.Freedom Planet is a platform similar to Sonic the Hedgehog. Similar is the key word here. Do not goin expecting this to be exactly like Sonic. There are plenty of differences. While the speed based gameplay is there, it borrows elements from many other Genesis titles as well including Rocket Knight Adventures, Gunstar Heroes, and Vectorman.There are three playable characters and they all play differently from one another to balance them out. Some levels and bosses are harder with some characters and some are easier. Try all three to figure out which you like best.The game has three modes; Adventure, Classic, and a trial mode. Adventure is the story mode andpersonally this is the game's greatest weakness. The story is not bad, but not good either. It is very uninteresting. There are plenty of cringe-worthy moments as well as a few engaging moments but for themost part it is very hard to get invested into it. It is worth playing through once with each of the two characters available in the mode just to see, but unless you really want those achievements, it is best to leave this mode once you have done that.Classic mode is much more similar to a classic platformer. In this mode you play through the levels without the story in between. The gameplay is very good and responsive, thus his is the way to play the game once you have seen the story. You have access to all three characters here, which offers even more playability.Time trials are as the title would say. Beat the levels presented as fast as possible. The most notable thing about this mode is that you do not just play through all of the levels from Adventure and Classic mode. There are other trials unique to this mode which is a nice addition and gives this mode a purpose aside from being Classic mode with a time challenge.The visuals in this game are just amazing. The artstyle is very reminiscent of games like Sonic CD and Ristar. This is the right way to do retro graphics. They aren't Atari 2600 graphics put through filter; they're real 16 bit graphics. Some may be put off by the character designs, but this is only noticeable in Adventure mode. It becomes a non-issue in the other modes since there isn't any attachment to the characters. You just play the game. The music and sound effects are very well done as well. I can definitely hear Sonic CD style music in there, but I get hints of Streets of Rage and Gunstar Heroes all the time. It's good enough to be memorable. I still have themain theme stuck in my head.On a side-note, I have heard this game was originally a Sonic fan project and just looking at the characters in the story a lot of them could easily be replaced by Sonic characters from the SATAM series. This is not a knock on the game nor is it praising it. It is just an observation and makes me wonder what could have been.Seriously, this is a game for Sega Genesis fans and platformer fans alike. The gameplay blends Sonic the Hedgehog and Rocket Knight Adventures, the boss fights are reminiscent of Gunstar Heroes and Vectorman, the level themes have similariies to Sonic, Ristar, and Shinobi, and a great soundtrack that reminds of Sonic CD, Streets of Rage, and Gunstar Heroes. The story is this game's biggest downfall but is just a small portion. If you write this game off as furry trash, you are not only closed minded but missing out on a really great game. This game is easily a 9/10 with an uninteresting story dragging the score down just slightly."
76561198076895182,Recommended,248310,13599364,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Okami,It has a villian who is as amazing and bad at his job as Cobra Commander. He talks like him too.
,Recommended,248310,14695512,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,OmniSonic,"The game is easy to learn. Experienced platformer players can either explore the levels or speedrun; either style is equally rewarding. It's a fantastic game, I can't recommend it enough!"
76561198004565666,Recommended,248310,14770068,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,brickey.8,"A fun and well-made game, one of the best platformers I've seen in a while. Every aspect of this game is excellent.Great level design is its best feature. Levels are all huge (when you feel like you should be getting close to the end of the level in a normal game, you're probably near the halfway point), nonlinear and secret-filled. They also all have unique hazards and features you can interact with, from platforms that move when you touch them to slot machines and giant dandelion seeds. Level design virtually never punishes you for going fast in an area that looks like you're meant to go fast except by making you miss items (you'll never barrel into spikes or fire or enemies), which is important with all the inspiration it takes from Sonic.The soundtrack is also top-notch, and both the bosses and regular enemies are well designed. Each character plays differently with their own attacks and abilities, and there's a few levels you'll only see with one character with extra focus on their abilities. All three characters feel versatile and fun. There's a level select once you've beaten the game, and an option to skip all the story cutscenes (which is a good thing, since the story is the one thing in this game that's not especially good). Difficulty can be adjusted as needed.To sum up: This game is excellent in every way a game can be excellent, and FUN. Buy it!"
76561198038047469,Recommended,248310,14888172,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Neifirst,"My friend's review is better than mine:""Played this on my friends account while high on mushrooms.Gotta help /ourgirls/ save their planet from evil migrants.10/10""My review:Pure 16-bit joy.If you have fond memories of older games, especially Sonic, you're in for some heartwarming feelings. The graphics are lovingly detailed and faithful to the classic days.But wait! Its not really like Sonic at all (despite the outward appearance)! Most characters have melee attacks and a special ability, so you're never stuck with one method of dispatching foes. They can even swim underwater instead of bouncing around helplessly like Sonic did. And the boss battles. Oh the boss battles. The boss enemies are highly varied and always an exciting, and sometimes appropriately brutal challenge to undertake. Make sure to play this game on Hard-Mode!This game also oozes personality. The story is cute and.. kinda lame, but in a good way. Same goes for the voice acting, but honestly I wouldn't have it any other way. You can't be super serious with this kind of game.The soundtrack is absolutely perfect too. If you're a nostalgia creep like me you'll be jamming with this♥♥♥♥♥♥on your ipod."
,Recommended,248310,16313989,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,BirdGang,"A damn near flawless action platformer with just the perfect difficulty curve of ramping challenge for enemy diversity, level design mechanics and boss patters, this is not only a love song to old school game's of the 90's, it takes what they did and improves upon them in ways I had never expected.  GalaxyTrail has outdone themselves with this title, doing something that many big name developers fail to do today:  Take something that works, fix what doesn't and improve upon what does.  In the end, it makes for one of the most blissful and satisfying gaming experiences I've had in years.The only shortcoming is the somewhat melodramatic storyline with occasion moments of cringe and a few glimpses of intriguing lore, but with a classic mode that entirely removes that from your experience, plus the ability to skip any and all cutscenes, it is miniscule compared to the near perfection this game offers.  With the promise of 2 more playable characters AND full campaigns for all playable characters coming later down the line, the replayability is very high for Freedom Planet and even at the full price of 15 dollars, this is a damn fine product."
76561197969242917,Recommended,248310,16441004,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,scrub,"if you found any enjoyment whatsoever in classic sonic games, you'll love this."
,Recommended,248310,17252095,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,SerinVeya,"If you're like me, then you're probably a fan of the classic 2D Sonic games that has been screaming at Sega for the past near-decade for barely doing things properly, minus a few games like the Rush games and Sonic 4. If that's the case, then you'll be just as immediately taken in by this as I was.Freedom Planet is a pretty solid homage to the classic Genesis-era platformers and a very solid derivative of the 2D Sonic formula. The gameplay across each playable character is vastly different, but still quite enjoyable with each character. The level design is full of variety and good platforming, and the boss battles are tough-as-nails experiences that really pull out all the stops to make some solid, difficult, and rewarding battles.The aesthetic of the game is also pretty gorgeous too, really capturing the Genesis-era graphics, but not being limited by them. It brings forth a lot of bright colors and designs to really make the world of the game seem alive. It's got a lot of soul in it's design, and it's great for that.If I have to nitpick anything about this game, it'd be the voice acting. I'm glad to see a story that actually has some depth for what it is, but I do sometimes wish I could find a way to straight up turn the voices off. I know it's an indie game, but it can get a little grating to listen to sometimes. Another slight issue is that it is difficult, yes, but the difficulty, even right off the bat, might be a turn-off for some. It definitely does demand patience and a willingness to accept a defeat once in a while.Overall, it's extremely solid. Probably the best 2D platformer I've played in a long time, and easily one of my favorite indie games. If you're looking for a solid platformer, look no further."
76561198008270970,Recommended,248310,11694811,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,SonicNL,Best 2d platformer since a long time reminds me very much of the good old sega times with sonic the hedgehog.i would recommend you try this.welldone galaxy trail on this perfect 2d platformer :)
76561198055670132,Recommended,248310,15496426,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,hurricanemike007,"--- THE GOOD ---+ Fast, fun combat and gameplay.+ Fantastic soundtrack.+ Likable characters / great character design.+ Great level design and bosses.+ Several difficulty levels to choose from.+ Meaningful acheivements.+ Time attack leaderboards.--- THE NEUTRAL ---... Voice acting ranges from amateur to decent.... The overall plot.--- THE BAD ---Nothing stands out as bad to me.--- THE VERDICT ---Freedom Planet is an absolute gem that just happened to appear as recommended to me on Steam one day.  After trying the demo, it more than warranted the purchase.  The game got better from there and has since become my favorite game on Steam, and also my favorite game of 2015 so far.  While the game does have some troubles with finding a consistent tone with it's story, the characters are still well designed and very likable across the board.  Ultimately what pushed this game past Shovel Knight in terms of overall enjoyment is it's difficulty, which allowed me to play on a difficult setting from the get go.  That said, for people newer to games, there are easier difficulties as well, so everyone wins.  The gameplay feels like a mix between Sonic and Mega Man Zero/ZX.  If you're a Sonic fan looking for this to PLAY like Sonic, it's actually quite a bit different... actually more like Mega Man Zero/ZX in my eyes.  In conclusion, I cannot recommend this game more for fans of platformers or retro games, and anyone with a passing interest should definitely try the demo.  My only question is, when will Freedom Planet 2 come out?RATING:  A"
,Recommended,248310,16713376,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,ShadowRFox,"My goodness how did I ever miss a game as great as this when it released? Freedom is a like a Sonic style game done right. Sonic Team, look at this game and take notes!Freedom Planet is about the adventures of Lilac and Carol. The evil Lord Brevon have sent the planet into chaos in order to steal the kingdom stone. After Carol and Lilac meet Torque and Milla, they all join forces to foil Brevon evil plot. The story progresses like a Saturday morning cartoon, which for me wasn't a bad thing. I like that nostalgic feeling and brought me back to my younger days of watching cartoons where our heroes must stop the evil villian. With all the characters voiced, you can tell that the people who made this game had fun with this. Honestly it was a great story and worth playing again just to take it all in.The gameplay is where this game really shine. This game doesn't have Freedom in the name for nothing. This not just linear 2D platformer. Often time I found myself going left, right, up, down, etc to reach my goal. So often do side scroller 2D platformers like Mario or Sonic just have the player go in one direction to reach the end. But with Freedom Planet, I found myself going in many directions, yet it always seem to progress me forward toward the goal of the level. You can play through the main story with either Carol and Lilac, each with their own style. Lilac plays as a Sonic like character; she can charge up and shoot herself at light speed in a direction and have a hover jump attack. Carol can climb up walls and zip through levels on her motorcycle. And if the play styles for these two characters wasn't enough to encourage a second playthrough, then you must also know that each character got a few unique levels to their single player. Second thing I like about these characters is when you play as Lilac, Carol or Milla may show up to help you attack a boss or give you some help. Sonic Team take note, this is how you should handle all of Sonic's friends. Don't force the player to learn their play style but rather have them show up to help you!To make a long paragraph short, the gameplay style is fast pace and with challenges ranging from different type of enemies to just challenging platforming section. From the beginning to the ending level boss, you'll find yourself having fun with these levels.This is what indie game should strive to be. This game is easily one of my all time favorite indie game. Between the story, voiced character, fun levels, challenging enemies, hidden items to find, and amazing soundtrack there really nothing to not like about this game. If this wasn't enough, there are more characters coming to game (from the stretch goals being met). I hope to see you all on Freedom Planet!"
,Recommended,248310,17062463,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Sehnder,"Many people posting reviews are judging it through a ""Sonic"" lens- I'm not. I have no nostalgia for Sonic, and  no fondness for the anthro-animal thing (I have some bias against if anything). So Freedom Planet had to earn a recommendation IN SPITE of these two things, rather than because of them.And man, did it easily do so.This is probably my favorite ""action platformer"" on steam. And while the amazing music (boss theme is superb), well designed levels, and memorable boss battles all play a role, the thing that stands out most to me are two things.1. How earnest the game is.You can tell the developers put absolutely everything they had into this. Not everything was a homerun (voice acting for example is a mixed bag), but it is easy to forgive when you see the entire package. Games are a product and you can't give a  developer a pass because ""they tried""- a bad game would be a bad game regardless. The passion permeating this game takes a good game and makes the experience outstanding.2. ""Stand up and cheer"" moments.A ""stand up and cheer moment"" is when you as the player want to stop what you are doing and stand up and cheer because something was so friggin' awesome. Even games that I love dearly may noy have ANY of these, but this game has several. On paper they may sound bland, but when you experience them they are powerful.(Minor ""spoiler""). One of these happens in an early boss battle while you are being hounded by a huge boss. One of your buddies flies in with a plane and lets another character drop some health for you. Meanwhile another buddy periodically runs out onto the screen and attacks the boss, until they get hit and have to run away for a bit.That does not sound too exciting- the health thing could be done identically by just having a couple health items spawn in front of you, and I am not positive your attacking buddy even does any damage. We have all played games with these sorts of ""helper"" NPCs before. But hot dang, the game SELLS it. The HP drops feels like an ally desperately trying to help you in a time of need, and your attacking buddy feels like she is doing everything she can to assist you but getting pushed back. When the boss fell the party cheered, and I cheered inside too.So in short- buy it."
,Recommended,248310,34548296,Posted: 28 August,all,456link,"Ok, to start, I'm going to say that I grew up with nintendo. You'll find no classic genesis comparisons here because I have little to no experience with that. Anyway, this game is fantastic. Great level design paired with fast and fun gameplay. Replayability is pretty good with the three characters playing similarly but different enough to have variety, plus the collectable cards that are hidden pretty well throughout each level. The specific character abilities are fun and unique, each making me think of different ways to fight the same boss or get around the same obstacle. One minor complaint I have in the gameplay department is that the levels can sometimes go on maybe a bit too long. I counted three levels where I had a time under ten minutes after playing Lilac's story, one of which being the final level,which only consists of a boss.After the great gameplay, we have the not as great story. It's not bad, but about halfway through it takes itself way too seriously. I like the first bits where the game is more lighthearted because the writers and voice actors can really do decent comedy and fun dialogue, but later, it can become funny for the wrong reasons. specifically, the voice acting can be good at times, but it usually makes things worse due to the voice actors not really being able to convey certain emotions well in my opinion. A good specific example would be after a certain spoiler boss in Lilac's story. There's potential for some actually good emotion, but the VA ruined it because she overacted and made it hilarious. I feel like if it didn't have voice acting, and just had a little more animation, it would've come off a LOT better. However, like I said before, I feel like when the game tries to be funny or lighthearted, it succeeds, even when it comes to the voice acting. Funny, now that I think about it, this game is such a successful homage to sonic it even manages to get the cheesiness of the story and voice acting in the early 3D games down, so maybe it's intentional. Either way, I'm thankful for the classic mode, where cutscenes are cut off and you just go from level to level.After that, there's the characters themselves. I honestly have no complaints here besides what I've already written. The designs are cute, the personalities are fun, and there isn't one intolerable♥♥♥♥♥♥in sight, not even the one who's meant to be an intolerable♥♥♥♥♥♥ (that being mayor zao, who's cocky and narcissistic, but has plenty of humor surrounding him and never goes too far with those character traits)Lastly, there's the graphics. I freakin' love the art style in this game! The backgrounds are lively and colorful, and while the environments aren't always original, they're done really damn well! The animations are smooth and often funny or cute, plus really well detailed! Yeah, I really don't have much to write in this bit because it's literally just that. I love it.One last thing about the voice acting: it may be my computer, but the VA volume seems extremely low for some characters. Sometimes, I could barely hear any voices, let alone make out any words from them.Overall, the game is great, even if the story sometimes gets too serious and will often fall into a giant pit of cheese. 8/10 I would definitely reccomend it to anyone who likes platformers!"
,Recommended,248310,11458845,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Snotnarok,"Mix together Sonic+Megaman X+Sparkster/Rocket Knight+Pulseman heck, a bit of Chip and Dale with Millia (one of the three characters in this game) and some of Treasure's magic together and you have a heck of a crazy game here. This game feels like the devs heisted people from the Saturn era to bring a game that not only looks but feels like an old school platformer.That's not to say it's like other games claiming 'retro', no this one actually has the feel, the characters have the ol' Genesis/Playstation/Saturn era weight/ feel of 2D platformers. No havok physics engine just whatever the heck made them feel like they did.Fun levels, awesome music, cheesy cutscenes and gimmicks that don't require obscure hardware to make fun. Took around 3 hours to beat the first time through (took my time, was enjoying the game) and there's 2 other characters to beat it with. Lots of different routes to go with this game and replayablilty to bring you back.Speaking of the characters, all 3 of them play differently.Lilac runs, jumps, kicks, has a double jump that acts as a spin attack lasting till she hits the ground, she can uppercut or kick down (which can speed you up if you do it down hill).  Then her her dragon dash which spins her up and fires her off in a direction Rocket Knight style where she'll bounce off walls and smash enemies which relies on her power gauge.The gauge very quickly (5 seconds maybe?) making her very mobile.The other Carol, is able to wall hop Megaman X style, claw around a bunch and ride a bloody motorcycle that does spin jumps like Sonic, can drive it up walls and up ladders and ...it's so cheesy and damn fun becase of it. The motorcycle is a powerup and can be lost and regained by gas tanks laying about.So I got to play as the third character, Milla. She's very different in terms of gameplay  she floats like Yoshi, throws blocks Chip-N-Dale style and can form shields to bounce enemy attacks or even turn her block into a big short ranged beam. She's the only character so far who does not use a special bar and it's fun. Her boss fights are also drastically different since you're not as agile or offensively able.The game clearly has a LOT of effort behind it, there's a lot of detail put into the game like holding a button to access bloopers while the story is playing out. Dancing around disco balls while fun music plays. My favorite: while in some boss fights your friends will come in to help you fight, Carol leaping in on her motorcycle to kick the boss and Milla straight up dropping health from a plane. It's really charming to see all this in action.If you're going to blow off this game because it looks like a Sonic ripoff you're missing out because that's not what the game is.Brilliant game and I hope to see more from the creators. $15 gets you around 3 hours for one character playthrough and for those who skipped to the end here, each plays very different and have some unique levels and paths in stages the others have.Edited: To talk about the third character"
,Recommended,248310,12122477,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Five-Headed Snake God,"At first glance, it might be tempting to dismiss Freedom Planet as a rip-off of the old Genesis Sonic games.  But while it's clear that those games did provide a lot of inspiration for this one, such a dismissal is a disservice to an excellent piece of entertainment.  While its level layouts, character designs, and gameplay definitely take cues from Sonic, Freedom Planet is its own game.  It's less about speed and more about exploration, control, and combat, a game that rewards observation and thinking in addition to quick reflexes.The game's bosses deserve special mention.  While the first few are fairly simple fights that one can clear without much effort, the latter half of the game features some genuinely challenging fights that require speedy reactions and good pattern memorization.  They're very challenging without being unfair, and are, on the whole, superb.There's a story too, and it isn't bad, but it's secondary to the game's beautiful aesthetics and great gameplay.  If you're a fan of challenging, old-school platformers, it's hard to go wrong with Freedom Planet."
,Recommended,248310,12651494,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,AlexisLightus,So far this game is pretty goodthe graphics are reminessant of the old school sonic the hedgehog games with a bit of an updatethe controles handle about the same aswellits a nicely voiced well drawn platformer with a nice story so farif you liked the old school sonic games there is a good chance you will enjoy thishighly recomended to be played with a controler
,Recommended,248310,13425839,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Athena,"The play style, the speed, the graphics! AND THE MUSIC!! I love this game for many reasons, once I started the game I played with the controls a bit and I knew this game would be one that I would play for hours! Once I hit that second stage... and that music in the cave started playing, I was hooked from then on! I say this game is waaaaay worth it when the Christmas sale starts on the 18th. BUY IT! YOU WON'T BE SORRY! If you love the classic Sonic games on Sega CD or even the Genesis you will love this game. The voice acting is great, though I find tiny moments of cheesiness, I cannot help but smile because these had thought put into them, It may seem like a kids game but I can tell you this game is the correct rating... E for EVERYONE! So please, don't hesitate and buy this game when the sale comes around and buy the soundtrack as well, you will not be sorry! Its a promise!"
,Recommended,248310,16833733,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Morfs Fire,"This game only speaks to some people, and I'm part of those some people.The game pretends to control like Sonic, and the world pretends to be a Megaman Game. The story is what you'd expect of that mixture and gets serious later on in. If anyone's ever played Dust: An Elysian Tale, the combat can be a lot like that, as you have 3 buttons for actions rather than the one you get in Sonic. People argue about this, but from how I see it, the game acts like Dark Souls by i-frames and learning your opponent so you can minimize deaths. They argue against it because of the fact that a few bosses are repetitive and have set attack patterns.I've beaten the game 5 times now and I can say that after the first final boss run I did... He never was the same. Brevon started playing dirty. He changed up his attack pattern to personally hold me back. The game'll try to confuse you with lots of shinies and enemies but your goal is collecting gems and speedrunning. Your max speed on a flat surface can hardly match Sonic, but the acceleration and grip on the environment is far less slippery. With Lilac and Carol, you have control and finesse. This game cannot be compared to Sonic, as it's innovative and clever. The game cannot be compared to Dark Souls, as it has it's own stylization and feel to it. Don't forget it's also 2D which is a luxury from the past refurbished for the future.I can honestly say, I'm gonna buy Freedom Planet 2. The game put me through a whole sea of emotion that by the time I finished it, I was glad for the tale it told. There's a lot of promise in this for the second game too, but I'm gonna let Galaxy Trail do what they do best. Trust me, it'll be hard not to impress after this game. There's so much to imagine that anything could happen.The beta offers up a new character, Torque, in the playable set, and his combat prowess is unmatched, but his health matches that of Milla. He runs like a glass cannon, and has interesting mobility which is extended by the crystals you collect. I had a LOT of fun playing Torque, and cannot wait for his full release, even more so the release of FP2 which is getting closer!!!GOOD CHIZ SIR"
,Recommended,248310,17066806,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,KTastrophe,"A no-brainer for the Genesis-era Sonic the Hedgehog fan -- but more generally, anyone with a pulse should enjoy this game immensely."
,Recommended,248310,17466053,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,GameQuoter,"If Treasure was given the Sonic license in the 90's, this is what they would have made. A fantastic game, and I can't wait for the developer's next game"
,Recommended,248310,11407210,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,DrakeTheYoshi,"REVIEW!!!!!!! Ok, lets do this:There are 3 different characters to choose from, 2 you can play as from the beginning and one after beating the second level. They all have unique abilites, stats, and different paths they can all choose due to their unique abilities.The levels are really fun. Even though a faster time means a better score, the game awards exploration with collectables and powerups.The Boss fights can be very hard at times, but very fun and the feeling of accomplishment after beating a boss is priceless.All this, and they aren't even ""done"" with the game yet! They are planning a story mode for the 3rd character, Milla, AND they are planning to include two more characters!!!! This is already a really cool game, and they aren't even done with it yet!!!While there are a few plotholes in the story, and there are a few glitches that haven't been patched yet, it barely effects the gameplay and the story is good nonetheless.And if you aren't content with the difficulty, you can change the difficulty from Casual, Normal, and Hard.So, in brief, this game is awesome and I would recommend it any day."
,Recommended,248310,11598304,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Nonon,This game is my new waifuAmazing soundtrack. Great stages. Wonderful story. Beautiful graphics.You won't regret it. <3
76561198061113226,Recommended,248310,11734106,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,JCorvinus,"This game has the same magic that catapaulted the classic Sonic games to fame. The characters feel like extensions of you - not an avatar that you are manipulating. Slopes let you catapault to soaring heights, and you can blast through a stage once you learn it. If you're like me and have been waiting since 1994 for an honest successor to those games, your wait is over. It easily rivals Sonic 3 and Knuckles as one of the greatest platform games ever made. You don't need to wait for this one to go on sale - it is worth far more than its launch price.This isn't to say that it is a Sonic clone - in some ways it is, but in other ways it is completely unique. The parts of the game that could qualify as 'sonic cloning' are cloned so well that the brilliance of the originals shine through. All of the parts that are unique are thoughtfully designed and fit in with the whole.As a fellow game developer, my only critique is that I would tweak the checkpoint system a little bit. There were many times where a checkpoint would occur just a little bit too early before a boss fight or other notable encounter, which would slow me down when I wanted to just get back into the action. I'd make it abit more like Nitronic Rush or Super Meat Boy with the 'immediately back in the action' principle. Still, this is a trivial issue and doesn't detract from the experience at all."
,Recommended,248310,11739939,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Rukrio,"like your oldschool games? add this to your library. the game may run on a sonic-fangame engine, but it's gameplay oozes more than just the blue blur's games. from Sparkster style dashing Lilac, who is probably the closest the game offers to what you might be thinking this game offers, to Carol and her punches, kicks, and walljumping and dash techniques, which ooze Zero's Z Saber... well, aside from the fact Carol does in fact have a motorbike that seems to bend physics.for the most part, the gameplay is run and jump to the right and beat folks up along the way, but exploration is encouraged through collectable cards, and the occasional fork in the road where the path to go forward is blocked by stuff you need to do in side rooms, from simple puzzles to a trapped room, and even a few bosses. speaking of bosses, they do offer a nice challenge, even if you gotta learn the patterns and how they retaliate to damage to have a chance at beating them.as to the story, so far it's an amusing adventure with interesting character development. not saying more about the plot because spoilers and the important stuff you need to know is in the intro and the steam cards/character biographies. oh, and to get the full story, you're going to have to play the game twice: one for each character the story lets you play as.oh, and good luck trying to get the achievements. especially the speedrun and no death run. you might as well use arcade mode for that since it disables the cutscenes.TL:DR; good retro style game that takes a bunch of games, puts it in a blender for a few moments, and bakes to nostalgic goodness. also collectables beg to be found, and the game offers a good challenge, especially when the bosses come into play.pick it up.this also applies to your Wii U owning buddies as well who refuse to go to the PC: it's getting a port to the Wii U and if the controls are as tight as they are on the PC with as flawless performance as it is on a compy, it is worth buying.EDIT: seeing as i own a Wii U, i tried the preview build on it. needless to say, it works just as well on Nintendo's console as it does on a computer.in addition, Milla has her own story in the works, and two characters are rising to the plate as heroes.for free! +5 generosity!"
,Recommended,248310,11983586,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,WAC,"Freedom Planet is a fantastic, highly underrated game that's well deserving of your attention. All three characters are a blast to play and two additional characters will be added in the future. This game is easily my favorite game of the year so far and it's an absolute shame so few people know about it compared to many other games in the indie scene."
76561198028635496,Recommended,248310,12074225,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,SonicDash57,"This is definitely one of the most awesome games I have ever played in my life.Alright, I hear you saying: ""SonicDash57, this game just looks like a Sonic clone.""Well, you are sadly mistaken. This is more than just a ""Sonic clone"".This game is like having your old nostalgic games all in one. Sonic, Mega Man, Ristar, Rocket Knight Adventures, and many more.The gameplay is amazing, the graphics definitely remind you of your good old school Sega Genesis games, the soundtrack's awesome especially the boss theme which gets you really pumped, and the voice acting for Lilac and Carol sounds most impressive.If you are a fan of Sonic and other classic Sega Genesis games, then I'd recommend you try this game out."
76561198116618538,Recommended,248310,13101858,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,coolvibrationd,"This Is A Great Game with Great Music,Gameplay, Graphics, Characters , etc. Aside from the Long Cutscenes I would recommend everyone to play it, or if for some reason you feel it's a knockoff of other games, I'd advise you to atleast give it a chance. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,248310,13289646,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Bast,"For all you Sonic Fans and Sega Genesis Generation kids, or If you have never been able to play something akin to that era. This game is for you and if not that isn't the case, this game is so fantasticly done with it's bgm / stages and chracters that it is very very hard to find any faults in it. I highly recommend this fairly cheap game that is worth hours of fun and entertainment with great replay value."
76561198134007125,Recommended,248310,13405744,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,TheRadTrad,"Needs DLC IMO. I like how most of the moves work, and yay for the game-breaking physics (mainly with lillac) XD"
,Recommended,248310,13580583,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Kea Chii,"An absolutely fantastic action platformer adventure with a cute and fun story that isn't afraid to have its darker moments, endearing and varied characters with very challenging boss fights and a nice length to boot!This is an excellent experience for nostalgic platformer fans and a refreshing surprise for those like me who find that even the most well-recieved 2D titles are simply not to their tastes.As someone who can never really find more than a minute or two of enjoyment from 2D games, from the Sonics of yesteryear to the more recent such as Super Meat Boy, Starbound,  Hotline Miami, etc. I would highly suggest giving Freedom Planet a try, It gets right what all of those others fall short on for me; but perhaps consider lowering the difficulty as normal can sometimes become a little masochistic.It turned out to be the most fun I've had in 2014 and I sincerely feel it is one of the rare games deserving of a sequel."
76561198070060242,Recommended,248310,13582482,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,LoneFox_13,"Love it, the controls are real easy to use even if you use keyboard controls. The levels are fun and the bosses are hard to beat ( meaning the boss put up a good fight, not like other game where you can hold on button to win). I hope their is going to be a freedom planet 2. also I would like to see DLC costumes for each playable characters."
,Recommended,248310,13775297,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,CataChrome,"Sonic fans and fans of the 16-bit era of gaming will fall in love with this game. It has the insane fast-paced speedy partforming you expect from a Sonic game, while also having cauos and lots of explosions like in the hidden gem ""Gunstar Heroes"" on the Sega Genisis. Not to mention the amazing soundtrack and the gorgeous pixelated visuals that this game has to offer truely make this an outstanding game. If I had three words to discribe this game it would be ""Buy it Now!"". Simpilly put, This is an amazing game that I highly reccommend to fans of platformers and action games and In my opinion is a must own game to all Sonic fans and fans of platformers in general."
,Recommended,248310,14715919,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,JTDaddy17,"This game is awesome! Colorful cast of characters, an awesome story, great soundtrack, outstanding and nostalgic gameplay, epic adrenaline rushing boss fights, and amazing art direction! And for novice voice acting, the voices of the characters sound surpisingly GOOD!!! The VA's really put their hearts and souls to the characters! This game is going places, I'll hope to see more of this and a possible sequel!"
76561198108401203,Recommended,248310,14872278,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,J. Stonty Zcuflestein,"This is a Sonic game that isn't a Sonic game, costs $15 and is much better than most modern Sonic games that come out for $50-$60. It takes a lot of inspirations from the Genesis Sonic titles, gives it more of a story (that isn't too great, but good enough). and replaces blue hedgehogs with purple ""dragons"". Although, it might just be me, but a lot of the levels take longer than I'd like, around 15-20 min. The levels themselves, however, are really well designed and the multiple characters are really fun to play with. Overall, I say this game deserves your time and money. I'll give it an 8.9/10."
,Recommended,248310,14956467,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Xetrint,"At the first glance, Freedom Planet is a Sonic clone. While it was certainly inspired by Sonic, it is in no way a clone. While it included the high speed platforming people have come to know and love, it also brings along something that classic Sonic never featured: free-flowing combat. All of the characters have simple attacks and a special move they can pull off that can help them fight enemies and bosses. This certainly bring a new element to the Sonic-like play style, so you can be acrobatic while still fighting; however, to compensate for this, bosses and enemies have more complicated attack patterns that may take some time to get used to, which may lead to frustration.There was a lot of care that went into the production of this game. The sprite work is beautifully done. It pops with bright colors and details. The music is well composed and fits the tone of the levels. The levels themselves are unique and diverse. All of these combine to make a masterpiece. The cutscenes, on the other hand, are not as magnificent. The animation behind them aren't that spectacular, the story isn't grand, and the voice acting is a little mediocre. Don't get me wrong, they can be a nice diversion from the rest of the game and they were certainly better that what I was expecting, but at times I just wanted to get back to playing the game. Thankfully, there is a game mode that lets you skip all the cutscenes.Overall, this game is amazing. First time players may have a tough time adjusting to the game play, especially the bosses' attack patterns, but will still have enough fun that will override any frustration. If you didn't get your dose of Sonic from Sonic Boom (honestly, who did?), then give this game a try."
,Recommended,248310,15905313,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Titiontot,"Freedom Planet started out as a generic Sonic OC fangame, and became something original. It feels less like a fangame and more like a tribute to Sonic, among other games.You got yer three characters: Lilac, who has the speed-based abilities suitable for being the Sonic-esque character; Carol, who has Chun Li kicks and a Mega Man X walljump, basically the Capcom character; and Milla.Idfk about Milla, but she can toss blocks at people and shoot short-ranged beams, which is pretty cool, and I can't really compare her to anything beyond that. Mario 2? IdunnoThe level design is great, the environments are interesting, and the soundtrack is fantastic. But my main issue is with Lilac. As another reviewer pointed out, the level designs, while great, don't always feel suited to Lilac's abilities. They feel suited to SONIC's abilities, which would be fine if Lilac were Sonic. But she's not. She has a Rocket Knight dash and a kick. These things also ♥♥♥♥ up her momentum while she's going at high speeds (while the rocket dash does build up speed, she loses a lot of when it stops) and without a spindash there's no real reliable way for her to pick up speed, so she's left awkwardly walking up ramps.Okay. Not a dealbreaker though, it's plenty of fun.There's also a story mode with cutscenes about the same length as the actual stages and voice acting. You can choose to play it that way or just run through the levels in Classic Mode. Personally, I'd go classic mode. The story isn't particularly interesting. They don't give you much reason to like the characters, and a lot of people have complaints about the voice acting but I think the problem is more in the writing. It doesn't really feel right, it takes away from the charm of the characters.I found Lilac's whole ""GIRL POWER""-ish attitude and mannerisms annoying as all hell, and I think that might be part of the problem as well. The trio feels too stereotypically girly. I'm not necessarily saying everyone needs to become manly, but the game might as well have sparkles and glitter everywhere. There's typical girl friendship drama where they break down and start crying over stupid things, and when they get sad they get sad. It might as well not be there because it doesn't help the experience at all, it hurts it like hell. They don't have legitimate emotional issues that make it worth caring about. They may care, but the AUDIENCE does not, and that's the problem. Shantae doesn't break down and start crying over meaningless friendship dynamics or carry herself as a TOTALLY GURL female. Neither does Bayonetta. It's okay for emotional drama but it needs to come along in a point where we're adjusted to these characters and can actually FEEL with them. Emotional drama out of nowhere when we can't particularly relate is just awkward and cheesy. The game doesn't give us enough time to start liking and appreciating the characters, it just tosses us a few cutscenes involving them doing stuff and then all of a sudden BAM EMOTIONS, like we're supposed to relate to these guys. Maybe this would have worked better in a second game, when Lilac and Carol's friendship would have been much more established. Come on now. The story does have its moments though, and I won't go into detail on those. Carol's my favorite.Probably one of the more enjoyable and great characters is the main villain, Lord Brevon, who is a genuinely smart and spooky villain, one Robotnik and Wily could take cues from. He's genre-savvy and fun to listen to, to the point where this game almost doesn't deserve to have him in it. He's always steps ahead of the protagonists and isn't afraid to tear them apart emotionally and make them eat dirt. He loses in the end, like all stories go but he's probably one of my favorite examples of a menacing villain. In fact, he's so feared he tore off Robotnik's mustache and wore it over his eyebrows.This doesn't hurt the core gameplay but the Story Mode was kind of advertised as a big thing, effectively it's a chunk of the game that deserves as much critique as the rest of it. After beating it there isn't much left besides beating it on harder difficulties or different characters unless you're a speedrunner or something (or want to get all the gallery unlockables, which are just voice clips, soundtrack and some concept art)Regardless, it's pretty damn fun and the music and nice visuals are more than enough to make up for the subpar story. I'd get it, if you CAN, wait for a sale but whatever, get it."
,Recommended,248310,16274728,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Tocupine,"Freedom Planet is a really well crafted homage to the 2D side-scrolling platformers of the Mega Drive. Heavily inspired by the Sonic the Hedgehog series with a pinch of Rocket Knight Adventures, this game is a must-have if you were a SEGA kid.Freedom Planet has a great sense of speed but not too much where you will constantly crash into upcoming obstacles like later 2D Sonic games. The levels themselves are quite expansive and when you make your way through them you’ll experience challenging boss fights and cutscenes with full voice acting.Multiple characters which unique gameplay and levels as well as different modes add to play the replayability of this game. I can’t not mention the soundtrack either, which is amazing.If the idea of an expansive, modernised take on 16-bit Sonic and the above sounds appealing Freedom Planet is right up your alley."
,Recommended,248310,16702344,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Brolaire of Kickasstoria,"This game is an interesting Sonic inspired game that has a lot of good things going for it with only the occasional fault causing a bit of distraction in what is otherwise a very fun experience. As of writing this I have only played from Lilac's route so will be using that as my baseline.The game is a very solid platformer that has a good mix of enemies, items, platforming areas, and areas of rewarding speed. The bosses are interesting, diverse, and are difficult enough to challenge while not so hard as to be frustrating. The gameplay overall is very satisfying and the key strength of this title. It is fun to play and proves that at least someone knows how to make a Sonic-like game.The design of the game is interesting, as I can not tell whether or not I like it. The character designs are very reminiscent of the Sonic series not only in their anthropomorphism but in the proportions and sizes as well. The pallette that was chosen is very diverse and pleasing, characters standing out and the levels feeling very distinct from one another. While I generally like most of the character designs, I have found several instances of animations or sprites that could use improvement, for example the most common seen within a game of this type: running. Lilac runs with her arms spread behind her which leads to a still top half and her feet stop as they hit the ground. This gives a bit of an odd feeling to the game at times and distracts from the goodpoints of the game. This is, admittedly, a nitpick, but worthy of attention as a lot of praise is being given to the spritework of the game.The voice acting in the game has both strong points and weak points. The voice cast chosen are all very capable voice actors and actresses which is good to see. I am not used to the bright, anthropomorphised characters with rather normal voices, but this is simply a personal issue that many might not find troubling. The voice of Lilac can occasionally grate by simple fact of her chatter in the game. Specifically, yelling 'Cyclone!' every time you use the jump extension technique, which in my case is very frequently. Again, a very small complaint, but can be quite distracting at times.The writing is a bit... cheesy. I personally am not a fan of most of the dialog. While not painfully bad by any means, it comes off as very adolescent at times to which I am not personally a fan. This may not bother many people though, as again the voice acting is done well and even through the criticism here I wouldn't call the writing horrible. The world it takes place in is a mix of Chinese and Japanese culture. Much more leaning towards China, really, with the occasional interjection of Japanese as well. Personally, this comes off as a bit confused and I would have liked to see a stricter choice to one or the other extremes. I do not think that a mix is bad, just that it was not realized to an extent that justified the mix in this case.Overall all the complaints are rather minor, as I do find the game fun to play. Something which, in the end, is the most important part of any game. I enjoy playing and think that it is worth the full price even before delving into the other characters available."
76561198010455154,Recommended,248310,16971485,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Kenpachi Ramasama,"If you love 2D action platformers, you should defintely consider buying this game!I'd describe reasons to buy the game, but there's a demo that can allow you to see first hand why it's an awesome game. Go try it, then buy it :3*Edit*I'll explain in a wall of text why you should try it anyway XD (TLDR, buy it!)It may seem like a Sonic clone a first glance, but that's far from the truth. This game is like Shovel Knight in that it takes elements from 2D action games from the 90's and impressively manages to stand on its own as not just a great 2D action game, but also one of the best in the genre.The gameplay features speedy platforming similar to Sonic's 1-3, but also mixes it up with satisfying combat. Each character also has different moves. Lilac has the powerful Dragon Boost that allows her to charge through enemies and bounce on solid objects, plus a Cyclone spin that can be used to kill enemies above or get up to higher ground.Carol can use her claws to scratch enemies or can do a powerful pouncing slash. You found a gas-can as Carol? Grab it to summon her physics-defying motorcycle!Milla can construct a shield or a throwable block of death. Combine the two and she now has a laser attack! She can also fly for a bit and find items buried in the ground.The game also has an awesome soundtrack(my favorites being Fortune Night and Sky Battalion).The only problems this game has (though the pros heavily outweigh the cons) is that the story is kinda run of the mill and basic and has a few cutscenes that last way too long (maybe FP2 can improve on story and cutscene issues?), and the fact that the lives you get don't matter since you start at the last checkpoint after pressing continue (though I personally prefer it like this, it's still a bit weird having lives that do nothing).The lives issue can be fixed if GalaxyTrail adds an option where lives count, since I'm sure some players would appreciate the option."
76561198018404651,Recommended,248310,17013332,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Keev,"A game in the school of classic 2D platformers with aspects of battle worked in, colorful sprites, expansive and stylish levels and fantastic music all tie together to form, what I would call, a worthy recipient to the title ""spiritual successor"" of Sonic the Hedgehog games.  If Sonic was never your bag, worry not! There's bits and peices of Megaman, Acro the Acrobat and Rocket Knight woven in to make an smooth and fun combination of gameplay. All three characters have interesting playstyles and skills and there's plenty of neat little easter eggs to discover. My only gripe is the voice acting quality varies per scene and character and it comes off as less then cohesive. All in all, this is a wonderful entry into retro gaming with a fascinating world that I hope the creators expand upon soon!"
,Recommended,248310,17050650,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Can Man Gaming,"The initial comparisons to Sonic the Hedgehog are of course apparent, but trust me when I say...that this game is its own beast, and it's worth it at full price, but is even sweeter if you catch it on sale. I've been in the middle of a full playthrough of this game on my YouTube channel, and yes I'm sure you're probably rolling your eyes at the spam I'm laying down on you, but it's a laid back and funny channel, and it's worth the watch if you want to see what this game is all about, or if you don't want to play it, you can just watch me play it!https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-X1Ijtwf2LN2XRTQ6cphG2lQY_prvB-aThe storyline in this game is unlike any Sonic game, it's deep, emotional, and has plenty of twists to keep you entertained the whole way through. Plus the boss fights are insane...seriously, some of the boss fights will leave you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥beyond reason, but then you'll realize that it's nobody's fault but your own, because the difficulty of this game is just perfect, and everything is in your control.Highly recommended, buy now, and check out my channel.Love,Can Man"
76561198146590370,Recommended,248310,17086625,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,blitsrainer777,I'd give this game a thumbs up and hope you agree especialy the characters so I hope you recomend this game and donate to the group that made this game and hope for future sequils.
,Recommended,248310,17101705,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,TheMLGReploid,"Freedom Planet, it was originally a Sonic fan-game, but over time grew into its own IP, and that's what you see right here. However, the game still seems to get a lot of flak for being like Sonic, and outside of the art style, and a few in-game references, it hasn't got a lot ot do with Sonic. I see references to Megaman, Gunstar Heroes, Rocket Knight Adventures and a couple other games. The question still remains though, is it good? Well...Story: I'm not going to directly say any events in the story, since that would spoil it. I will however say that it's pretty good for the most part. While a couple parallels can be drawn to Sonic, it does have a lot of elements of its own and the story itself is decent enough. It isn't exactly what motivates you to keep playing, but it still gives the levels context and is entertaining. I legitemately cared about the story the whole time, though at some points it is quite tongue-in cheek, the plot is much better than most of the Sonic games. Unlike the Sonic games with a good story however, it has fantastic gameplay too. There is a lack of backstory to the characters though, there is some given but they are never expanded on. One complaint that some people have is one certain part of the story being much too dark, but if you ask me that scene just goes to show how serious the villain is and that while the game can be, it isn't all light-hearted fun. Some people complain about the voice acting, but other than one awkward scene and something that was a result of cheesy writing rather than bad voice acting I don't have any problem with it. Said cheesy writing was a reference to Castlevania: Symphony of The Night anyways. If you still hate the story for whatever reason, you can just play classic mode instead, which completely removes all the cutscenes. As I said before, not award winning, but it does its job quite well.7/10Gameplay: This is one of the games strong points, while some might draw paralells to Sonic here as well for some high-speed sections, overall the game puts the gimmicky ""blast processing"" platforming on the back shelf and lets the player explore. It's not open world or anything, but each level is quite expansive and allow for a lot of exploration, and with 3 characters, each with unique abilities replaying a certain level with another character feels quite different, and there are 2 more characters on their way for free, which will give the game even more replay value. The game also has 4 difficulty settings, so players don't need to deal with the game being too hard if they don't want to, but for those seeking a challenge Freedom Planet lives up to Sonic's difficulty torwards the end. It isn't perfect however, the game does suffer from flat out weird physics because it uses a modified version of the ""Sonic Worlds engine"", and there are a few minor glitches, but for the most part the game is polished and the few minor glitches that there are don't hurt the game, but are rather just a funny distraction.8/10Presentation: The Pixel art in this game is fantastic, plain and simple. Most of the characters are very detailed, the backgrounds and environments are beautiful, you get the idea. However some character sprites are lacking some details and I can't just ignore that, it seems like they rushed the launch just a little bit.Alongside these otherwise excellent visuals you also have some damn fine music to go along with it, each song is unique while still fitting the situation and being good in its own right, and it is one of my favorite soundtracks to any game ever, up there with the incredible compositions of David Wise for DKC and the orchestral metal of Orcs Must Die! My favorite songs being Boss Battle 1 and Final Dreadnought Round 1 kick some serious♥♥♥♥♥ though I suggest you don't listen to them until after you've heard them in game, they add so much intensity that I can't find words to describe it. This game is just a pleasure to watch/listen to, I don't think it would be quite as enjoyable if the game didn't have such fantastic presentation.9/10Overall, Freedom Planet is an excellent platformer with great characters, great art, great gameplay, great... well, everything. It's not perfect, but for Galaxy Trails' first game I don't think it could have been much better. Don't let all the criticisms of it being a sonic clone stop you from enjoying it, and to point out just a few things it does differently, you don't have anything like rings, your life is displayed by petals serving as the icons. Enemies don't hurt you by touching them, they need to actually attack, you have a variety of moves, some of which consume energy from your special meter, etc.The point is that too many poeple brush this game off as a Sonic clone/rip-off, but it's much different, and a lot better than any recent Sonic game. Do yourself a favor and pick this up, just don't come in with negative expectations and I'm sure you'll have a great time with it.Overall Score: 8/10"
,Recommended,248310,18302598,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Dany_Fdz,"This game excels in 2 things, gameplay and soundtrack."
,Recommended,248310,18321638,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Flex Dynamo,"Every about this is bright, colorful, fast-paced, super-fun, and with a rad soundtrack to boot.  This is the sort of game Sega, Capcom and others should be making, just to show the rest of the industry how it's done.  When a title that wouldn't look out of place on a 2nd or 3rd generation console from 20 years ago can make as big a splash as this one has, that's saying something."
76561198048364794,Recommended,248310,23245507,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,michael.oliver1991,"It's sooo much fun! I'm still astounded that this game originally started as a Sonic the Hedgehog fan game.Your opinion may vary on whether Freedom Planet is a 'homage' or a game with 'elements taken from other games', but the level design itself makes my head spin with the amount of detail put into every frame, the amount of work the designers put in to give Freedom Planet its own identity, which they pull off 100%, the standard 90's (but still great) attitude, the diversity in the personalities and the fast-paced action, which is far better executed than Sega's mascot.That said, while I'm not a hardcore gamer, I really want Freedom Planet 2 and all future sequels.10/10"
,Recommended,248310,11482920,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Parallax Valkyrie,"A wonderful blend of high-speed platforming action and combat centric gameplay, this adventure will have you hooked from the moment you set foot in Dragon Valley!*Special mention to the outstanding bosses, who deserve medals for their own endurance.Can't wait for the Torque and Spade DLC!"
,Recommended,248310,12069166,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Skeeder,Kinda changed my life.
76561197998866256,Recommended,248310,13134724,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,J-Cutter,"A fast and fun love letter to the 16-bit era. if you remember the Konami SNES and Mega Drive boss-heavy Platformers (Think Tiny Toons and Rocket Knight), this will scratch that itch. If you don't remember, it's still highly recommend: A well designed run and jump with a good difficulty curve, engaging characters, massive boss battles, and fun environment set pieces.Pros: Tight controls, amazing vocal cast and soundtrack, expansive multi path levels, the option to play with the (very good) story, or skip the cutscenes and jump right into the levels.Cons: Two minor ones - The default Gamepad layout is a bit odd, but it's fully customisable to fix that, and the native screen size is a little small, but a) That works for the 16 bit design and b) The game has a very good scalar (Including full screen) in the options"
,Recommended,248310,15224571,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Keizgon,"A true Sega Saturn inspired game with great game-play, level design, and with some sprinkled humour to go around. Everything from the voice acting / audio to the pixel art is spot on. Seriously could not ask for more and will go in my personal retro classic hall of fame. What Shovel Knight aspires for fans of the 8-bit era, Freedom Planet does for fans of the 16-bit era. Apparently, it even has blast processing on an older laptop like mine.Thanks GalaxyTrail, you made this Linux gamer indulge in the reminiscence of his childhood again."
76561197973154066,Recommended,248310,16454441,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Rahvinox,I bought this game 5 times should tell you much much I love this game and why you need it in ur life!
,Recommended,248310,16563368,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,NOSEYBONK,"The Sonic sequel you wanted since 1994.What are you waiting for, SEGA to make one?Buy this masterpiece of platforming, NOW."
76561198034128543,Recommended,248310,16572184,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,treoaender,"An awesome game. 9/10The art is beautiful, the music is gorgeous and the gameplay is tight!My only complain is that the bosses are completely unfair sometimes.Probably will play it again right after finishing this."
,Recommended,248310,16864062,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,A4 twitch.tv/a4_y0shi,"Everyone loves something, in this case, these people love the Genesis. Freedom Planet is to Sonic and Rocket Knight like Shovel Knight was to NES games specifically Duck Tales and Mega Man. Freedom Planet jumps right in with it's surprising voice acting and says just go. The gameplay is so fluid and feels so right, from using the burst to dive kicking bosses. Freedom Planet is a gem that under the right amount of popularity would be a bigger deal for the world of games."
,Recommended,248310,17062309,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Charcocoa,This is why I don't own Shovel Knight.
76561198202645710,Recommended,248310,17234201,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,SuperNerd Joel,Freedom Planet is different to Sonic in many ways but the key difference... Sonic hasn't had a good game in years. BUY IT! IT'S AWESOME!!
76561198085397059,Recommended,248310,16337552,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Planguy,"Freedom Planet is a fun platform game where you run fast. It's like a good Sonic game, you know which ones I mean."
76561198103953281,Recommended,248310,11383314,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Nickthegamerful,"This game is amazing!! It's a glorified return to the era of mascot platformers, and combines elements from games such as Sonic, Ristar, Rocket Knight, and Mega Man. If you're a fan of platformers, especially Sega Genesis/Mega Drive classics, then you've gotta play this game."
,Recommended,248310,11391577,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Eichhorn,"It's great. Not very fast paced but fun to play.It brought me the nostalgia feeling for the times I played sonic on my PC in DOS.I'd say it may be explained as a game someone would make after being locked in cellar with nothing but anime and old sonic games.Controls are fluent, visuals ave appealing, dialogue is extra cheesy and overall atmosphere is that of a party with friends.To make long story short, if you like anime and sonic, check it out."
,Recommended,248310,15442740,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,[oTp] Vask,"This game is heavily inspired by the Sonic the hedgehog games but it also throws its own spin to it. This isnt a bad thing as i am a huge fan of that style of platforming.  The game does such a great job at keeping the action and speedy sequences intense, it also balances well with the platforming and exploration with the different characters you unlock as you further progress through the games main story which are unfortunately made playable only in the classic mode. The game has a good story to keep you going as well with great voice acting to keep you into the loop of things. There really wasnt any particularly dissatisfying moments ive had with the experience so far, and even if story isnt your cup of tea you can even always play the game without the story mode.I would highly recommend this game to anyone who was a fan of the sonic franchise or just classic fast paced 2d action."
76561198059813596,Recommended,248310,15957754,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,HyperCole64,"Freedom Planet is an absolute joy to play. It's packed with fast-paced level design, beautiful 16-bit styled art, a fun storyand a very well done soundtrack. Although, don't play on hard mode for your first play-though. You will regret it. With that aside, this is an incredibly polished title that has even more updates and content on the way! And before anyone asks, no. This is NOT a Sonic the Hedgehog clone. It's a game made by developers that understand how to make a great game. And Freedom Planet is a great game."
76561198007315561,Recommended,248310,16272601,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Red Charge,"As a Sega kid I can definitely say I have a bit of bias whenever it comes to sonic-like platformers. I tend to judge them too harshly, or as rip offs. This platformer is actually.... very good. Why is it very good? Because it's passionate. These creators didn't just make this game to sell or to be famous, they LIKED making it and it's apparent in every detail from the fluent controls, the entrancing backgrounds and interactables to the amazing soundtrack. Let's get to the breakdowns I guess -Controls: The very essence of any platformer games, I judge this part the most harshly in any platformer game I play but here, well... The game controls great. There was never a time where I was frustrated from the controls, if you screw up, it's all on you, not because of input lag, or movement delays, feels like it should feel, like you're in control. Took me a while to get used to it too, since the characters don't control exactly how you would think they do. I enjoyed the fact that walking on walls is actually a thing, adds a whole new level of openness and exploration to the levels which I enjoyed greatly and it's done cleverly enough that you don't abuse it at every chance.Visuals: I can't even begin to describe how much effort was put into the visual design of each level, there's so much going on, but at the same time it's not TOO much that it's distracting. The sprites themselves are very well made and reflect the characters well enough. I would add a few more animations here and there for certain things, but all in all all of the enemies and characters are very well portrayed through visual means. The backgrounds are awesome, it's not just one big block that sticks in the background the whole time, no, they change with altitude and position and that's some thing I love. A lot of care was put into them and it shows.Sounds and Music: I love the soundtrack. There's not much more to say, it has its own style, it varies from level to level and even within the same level, keeping your ears satisfied for the experience.Voice Acting: Never thought I'd need to put this for a platformer... The weak part of the game, I'm afraid, is the voice acting... My favorites really are Carol and Torque, Brevon gives a good effort too but still... Lilac, Magister, Milla, Neera.... I wasn't expecting professional voice acting, and it's not like the voices are bad or unclear... just that they're too much? I dunno, it feels odd to say that about cartoony characters but they don't feel like they belong. Magister especially with his deep narrator voice doesn't feel genuine on any level. I think a lot of the voice acting would be better if they were trying a little more underplay. Its usually loud and in your face, especially in the more emotional scenes. Its not bad enough to detract from the experience, but it makes you roll your eyes, at least it made me.Story: Not much to it, simple and to the point, predictable and linear. I think that's a good thing, keeps the atmosphere flowing and the action going.Characters: I like them, they're each unique to play and control, each has their own abilities and movesets that diffrentiate their gameplay style a lot. Playing with Carol and her bike and Lilac are two different experiences entirely. Characters are portrayed pretty simplistically and not much is given about their background, which is a shame. I'd have hoped at least there'd be some bio for them. All we really know about the protagonists is that Carol and Lilac were part of a criminal group known as the Red Scarves, who were thieves led by Spade and that Lilac is a dragon. What happened to their parents? Where are they now? Why did they break off from the group? Not really explained. Otherwise each character's look and feel is unique and I like that.Extra Content: Collectibles of music, art and voices, not very interesting really. Aside from Adventure mode there's also another arcade sort of mode- no story, just playing. You can also unlock playing as Milla which is nice. Although I would have liked seeing the ability to play as other characters as well. Achievements aren't too complicated to get, providing that you have the time for it.All in all it's a great game for old school sonic fans. I think this kind of platformer is a good example for today's capabilities and can hold attention very well. It's fun, flowing, quick, intense, everything you need in a good platformer. The platformer it most reminds me of, ironically is actually Megaman Zero \ZX with its different movesets, abilities, the incorporation of speed and exploration as well as story and cutscenes. To the creators - very well done. I think Sega can learn a few lessons from you about how to make a new sonic 2D platformer game. I really enjoyed it."
,Recommended,248310,16335244,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Eu sou dos Anjos,This is the best Sonic game i have played in ages!Too many dialogs though!
,Recommended,248310,12068090,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Shark Merchant,"This is the genisis equivilant of Shovel Knight. It plays differently then Sonic, taking element from other games. it looks great and is very fun to play, if a bit difficult at times. Also motercycles break Psysics. 9/10"
76561198064337666,Recommended,248310,11409539,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Egliru the best mate of okonkwo,"Remembering my early days playing Sonic 1, Sonic 2 and Sonic 3 & knuckles this game was SPOT ON with bringing back that nostalgic and great experience. Hell, this game even exceeds that level of quality (except for MAYBE sonic 2).Soundtrack 8/10, The music just fits in so well with the flow of gameplay, it also fits the theme of the level perfectly!Story 7/10, The story is decent but has plotholes that needs to be filled in, still interesting enough for me to keep my cutscene skipping habit away.Graphics design 9/10, the placement of colors is a very fine work of art, and this game did a fine job of it, the detail in the animations (such as the animation for grabbing a ladder while moving horizontally) and the colorful artwork makes this game eye candy.Gameplay 9.5/10 The different characters almost changes the way you play the game when you change characters, it gives the game lots of replayability. The boss battles require timing yet they are relativley fast placed and the graphics design really draws you into the game. The movement and combat abilities...just feel right and goes in synergy with the game's platform-ness, would be a perfect score if you could grab ledges though! (hope they add that in a future update, or even possibly, a sequel.)THE BIG FLAWThe bosses of the second half of the game will make you tear your hair out on frustration as they are really artifically difficult and some can stunlock you and take away most of your health, prepare for balls-to-the-wall reflex skills.The final verdict: 9/10, this game is lots of fun and has very high quality despite having a relatively low budget ($20,000 in kickstarter money) and has been the best game Ive played on steam this year (half-life 2, second place!) and IM REALLY hoping for an HD remake (3D models, 2D world, like Sonic Rush) and a sequel! Buy this game NOW! and enjoy some fast-paced, hair whipping action!P.S. Who would win? Sonic or Liliac? leave a reply below!"
,Recommended,248310,17615598,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,FlammableMind,A really great indie platformer that is a tribute to the 16 bit era.4/5
,Recommended,248310,19516499,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,WHG | Taupe,"awesome sonic like game that has easter egg from ricstar, and every other fun thing this game has to offer :) this a must for sonic fans to wants a harder game play"
,Recommended,248310,20716219,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Rainbow Cookie,"I think this was a great idea for a game like this to be created... much better than sonic (because female characters =^.^=)This game... Freedom Planet... changed my meaning of what true friendship and being a good friend is like. This games main story is pretty intresting as well with some funny dialogue that is included in the game.Some of the little secrets in this game are actually pretty suprising to me, I dunno why but like... there is one secret that shows all the bloopers during different parts of the game when the character messes up their dialouge or says something very weird that caught my attention.But in other words, if you like to kick some butt and fight through some detailed missions with some hard and fun boss fights, you should get this game.I would rate this maybe... 8/10 at the most."
,Recommended,248310,25535934,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Sphealmint,Great fun to play. It's a game that makes me excited for more like it!
,Recommended,248310,34640804,Posted: 31 August,all,PyramidHeadcrab,"Freedom Planet is a ""Sonic clone"" that may actually be better than its inspiration.The gameplay is tight and diverse for all three characters (although the purple dragon Lilac is my favourite to play), the music is excellent, the bosses are phenomenal, the levels are well-designed and a joy to play... It's a great game all around. The story isn't anything special, but the high-quality amateur voice work is absolutely charming. The artwork and animation is very well-done as well. If you like 2D platformers, and especially if you like the Sonic games, I cannot recommend this title enough. It's a must-have."
,Recommended,248310,18722094,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Dildor The Defender of Porn,"This game simulates the feeling of beating a boss while you both have no health, then the feeling of finding out that it was just a stage and you have to fight him again. It actually feels pretty good."
76561198026673593,Recommended,248310,13163173,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,CrazyHermit,"It's gorgeous, fast, and fun, with frenetic boss fights and an excellent soundtrack. 15 years ago, this game would have made any Sega Saturn owner's Top 10 must-have list, and would sell aftermarket for nothing under triple digits on eBay. Luckily for us, it's only a Saturn game in spirit, and you'll never have to outbid game-hoarding buttermonsters to own it and enjoy the heck out of it."
76561197971556005,Recommended,248310,13099362,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Fyren,"Maybe I shouldn't be writing this while still coming off the high this game has given me, because I may come up with cogent criticisms later, but whatever distance I give myself, two things will remain true: 1) Freedom Planet is a spiritual successor to 2-D Sonic games and 2) It has wowed me like no high-speed platformer has in years.Multiple characters with distinct playstyles. High-speed aerial dashing melee combat in a China-steam-laser-crystal-punk playground of a world. An amazing upbeat adventure score that I purchased after an hour of play. A new movement element or substantial game asset you will barrel through every 15 seconds in a world that never seems to stay still long enough to wear out its welcome.I think that the worst thing I can say about it is that the story, writing and acting are for the most part saturday-morning-cartoon level fare; while some may understandably find this a little cringeworthy, it suits a colorful romp like this. It provides the occasional genuine chuckle and subtle uses of the 16-bit sprites do often express character surprisingly well.Ultimately, though, it's a bit of context for what one ultimately comes to Freedom Planet to do: Drive a motorbike or a dragon girl through a combination of loops and robots to a backdrop of glowing lights and joyful music.All in all it's an utter delight to play and behold, and I cannot sing its praises highly enough - a song that will be sung to the tune of ""Dragon Valley 1."""
76561198146882185,Recommended,248310,12823130,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,tensuno,"I will be completely up front about this, I got steam, for this game and it was without a doubt if the only thing I ever got from this program it would have been worth it and then some. Its not a simple bit type game that completely mimics sonic, there is similarities but this game can stand on its own just fine. Character controls are great, haven't found a problem with that yet, graphics and design are simply stunning, if you just want a game that is good for eye candy (an i don't mean the innuendo type) this is defiantly a looker for the 2D class. And its got that old school 'gamer skill' to it where you got to put all your skills to the test at every boss wither its mini boss or the final boss who can really push your limits. Coupled with challenging mini games to play off from the actual story mode, alternate modes and characters to pick up and try again with new sets of skill its worth every penny the guys behind it did their best here. If I had to have a complaint though, it would be the slight issue with some voice acting, but hey, of a 'hybrid sonic/metroidish' 2D platformer, its a gem. Give it a shot its well worth it through and through"
76561198011978520,Recommended,248310,12984903,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,The Curious Pyro,"A classic gem from the Sega Genesis days. A relic from a time long ago that embodies what's good with the console. It even looks better than most Genesis games. Definitely one that should be remembered.Wait, what do you mean this came out in 2014? And this is suppose to be an indie game? I thought indies were incapable of making good retro style platformers.In all seriousness, this game is an absolute gem. Combining elements from Sonic, Megaman, and Gunstar Heros, Freedom Planet manages to make an amazing experence that will make old school Genesis fans smile. What started as a Sonic fangame, the guys over at GalaxyTrail decided that this game was better off as it's own thing, and my god, it was the best decision they could have made. This might make you think it's a Sonic clone at first glance, but trust me, it's anything but. This review is going to be quite legnthy, so if you don't want to read it, skip to the bottom.GameplayFreedom Planet is a fast paced game with combat mechanics. When you aren't blazing through the level at high speeds, you're either fighting enemies or solving puzzles. To help to the more combat oriented gameplay, you have a health bar in the form of red petals(it's an element many people tend to miss at first). Unlike other platformers, you don't get hurt when you touch an enemy, only taking damage if you're hit be an attack, and rarely any bottomless pits. There are also several different kinds of shields, akin to Sonic 3. Each one either makes you immune to certain attacks or grants some other effect. One thing I should really note are the boss fights. Ranging from huge machines to rivals that are about your size, they are a ton of fun to fight. Something that I feel recent playformer games have been lacking.There are 2 characters that you can play as from the start, with another that is unlockable and more to come as free DLC. Each character is unique in that they have very different playstyles, changing how you do each level, and even having some exclusive levels. For the purpose of this review, I'll only go over the 2 from the start.Lilac the dragon(yes, that purple girl is a dragon) is a more speed focused character. While not as fast as Sonic, she can still go through a level really fast. She has the more varied moves of the bunch, being punches, drop kicks, uppercuts, a twirl move that allows you to gain air to make wide gaps, and a dragon boost that allows Lilac to blaze past enemies and reach higher elevations.Carol the wildcat is more combat focused. While she isn't as fast a Lilac, she makes up for it by having faster attacks, a rapid kick that allows her to hit targets multiple times, and the ability to wall jump. Her main draw, however, is her motorbike. By finding a gas can anywhere in the level, Carol pulls out a motorbike that not only allows her to go as fast as Lilac, but can defy the laws of physics, like being able to climb up ladders and walls. It can only take a few hits before blowing up, so take good care of it.When you start up the main game, you will be given the option to play either Adventure mode or Classic. Adventure plays fully voiced cutscenes between levels and enables dialouge exchanges between characters and setpeices during missions, while Classic just skips all of that and lets you play the game. I recommend you play Adventure mode at least once as Lilac in order to get the story.One thing to note, though, is that the game gets pretty difficult on the later levels. Unless you're really good at platformers, you're going to lose a few lives here and there. (spoiler:You will get a game over at the final boss). Thankfully, the game lets you tone down the difficulty if you're having a hard time, but if you're stubborn like most players out there, you're gonna want to stick through it to the end.StoryAn alien warlord crashes his battle cruiser onto your home planet, leaving him and his army stranded there. In order to get his ship off the ground, he needs a ton of energy. He thus turns his attention to the Kingdom Stone, a powerfull gem that gives power to the entire planet. You pretty much have to stop him from getting it.Now, that might sound happy and go-lucky, but make no mistake, the cutscenes can get pretty dark and brutal. Not enough to get it an M rating, but definitely not something I would let my 7 year old nephew play (Unless you let him watch R rated movies, then go ahead). The gameplay itself is kid friendly, so just have him play Classic mode.As I said, the game has fully voiced cutscenes and dialouge exchanges during the levels. The voice acting is either hit or miss for most people. Personally, I think Carol's voice could use some work and the end level voice clips tend to get a tad cringy, but I like most of it.The one quipe I have with the story, though, is that the cutscenes kinda tend to drag on longer than they need to. While this isn't a major pace killer for me, it can be for a lot of people. Thankfully the characters themselves are interesting enough to keep the story moving. Again, if you aren't interested in the story, just play Classic mode.PresentationGalaxyTrail did some amazing work with pixel art in the game. The game looks very pleasing on the eye, with beautiful backgrounds and nicely animated sprites, all while running very smoothly. It's a wonder how they managed to make it work.The level design is also really good. Each stage has something unique about it that will make it memorable and fun to play. The levels are structered like Sonic 3, where there are 2 acts with a miniboss at the end of act 1 and the boss at act 2. Unlike the Sonic games, however, there aren't any acts in the game, instead combining them into 1 huge stage. When you defeat the miniboss, the stage transitions into the second part, which is quite different from the first. While this might sound like the levels are too long, they actually hit a sweet spot. They're long enough keep you entertained, but short enough to not overstay it's welcome.The sound design is decent. The audio mixing to pretty good and the sound effects fit the game just fine. There are a few stock sounds here and there, but I can forgive it.The one thing I want to give special attention to is the soundtrack. This game has fast, energetic, and overall catchy music that is very easy to get stuck in your head. Here are a couple of examples:Dragon ValleyFortune Nightpart 1andpart 2Jade CreekIf you have a few extra dollars on you, I recommend you buy the soundtrack.Summery(TL;DR)Overall, this game is fantastic.+ Fun gameplay that has characters with different playstyles+ Great level design that keeps things fresh, with nice visuals to compliment+ Very noteworthy soundtrack that is worth buying itself= Voice acting is either hit or miss= Later levels and bosses get really difficult- Cutscenes tend to go on for a little too long! For god's sake, this isNOTa Sonic clone!If you are a big platformer fan, or want to get a burst of nostalgia, you definitely want to pick up this game. If you read through this review(or summery) and still think this is a Sonic clone, you are doing youself a criminal disservice. It's a shame this game doesn't get enough attention, it really does need it.Just buy the game. There's even a demo right on the store page you can try if you're still not convinced. Otherwise, there's little other reason to not buy it."
,Recommended,248310,13093041,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Tashigi,"This sure was a pleasant surprise.Fast, fun and highly addictive soundtrack."
,Recommended,248310,11377799,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,drunkendan,"Ok Been able to play this game now fully(Lilac run)Freedom Planet does what I feel many indie platformers even good ones like Shovel Knight fail to do, be challenging and fun, without being cheap.The game allows you to select one of two characters(and one more after you beat Stage 2) all of them feel vastly different from one another. Lilac being the middle or the mario having a lot of damaging moves and attacks to work with, and use this spin flight like move more to bounce off walls and get to platforms normally impossible to get to, Carol can wall jump, pounce, spin(kinda like sonic) at enemiesand has very rapid attacks, as well as a motorcycle power up that makes her the fastest character, lets her drive up walls and gives her a damaging arieal spin attack. Milla can make little blocks reflect shots and can fly short distences and get up to some prettty high places with more ease then Lilacs spin flight.Levels are very well designed with each one feeling different then the last, having mechanics of it's own, and having smart multipath design, allowing for a good amount of replay ability . Levels get really hard towards the end but never blind side you(other then the level were Brevon turns the air off on his ship, that spot was annoying) the game is pretty generous and hard areas with checkpoints not punishing you so hard to make you do half a level because you slipped up.The enemies are fun and add challenge to the game, most enemies do not hurt if you touche them(unless covered in spikes) which feels like a breath of fresh air to me.The boss fights are some of the best I have played in not just an indie game but a 2D platformer in general they have a real megaman and treasure games feel where they attack you with different moves based on what you are doing.Overall I have to say this is probably one of the best indie platformers if not the best one out there, while this is heavily Sonic inspired, take it form me an old Sega kid, it feels inspired form sonic but it's mecanics are more a lot different. And if you can't get over the fact that the characters are animals...stop thinking about furry porn, seriously it is getting silly internet."
,Recommended,248310,11401321,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Chief Circumciser,Over all gud game C:
76561198041776925,Recommended,248310,12934530,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Lord Zeoinx,"Minus a crash bug that seems to be affecting me, this has got to be one of the best games I've played in recent years, and reminded me of what gaming in recent years has lost, fun story, fun characters, fun gameplay, just enough drama to keep your attention to find out what happens next all packed in a non stop action platformer of days past.This to me isnt a ""indie"" game, this title manages to provide what Triple A titles fail time and time to provide, dispite there ""fancy ad's promise"" An enjoyable experience, memorable characters, (if not just a TAD to cute at times) and a dash of evil perfection with the villaians that will be bringing me back for a long time as games like it before have done, even dispite the crash bug. (which i already contacted them regarding)20/10!"
76561197970573945,Recommended,248310,12949098,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Zanakar,"Cute monster girls that are true action girls and not just decorations... Villains ranging from ""comical and silly"" to ""cold and genuinely creepy""... Nice'n'smooth ""old style"" gameplay. While this game obviously borrows from old classics like Sonic, it also adds its own elements and definitely shows that designers had a clear vision of what kind of game they wanted to make and in what style.All in all an excellent proof that it doesn't take ultra-high budget to make a game that is fun to play and with a distinctive fun-and-memorable style of its own."
,Recommended,248310,13075755,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Ruggust,"This game, it's so fun XD"
,Recommended,248310,13782591,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Solar Powered,Requiredplaying for anybody that grew up playing the Genesis.
76561198125974284,Recommended,248310,15202319,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,SuperMarioEmblem,Amazing.Forget Five Nights at Freddy's Support these games.
76561198017299951,Recommended,248310,11362266,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Synthesized,"A wonderful homage to 90's Mega Drive mascot platformers. Controls like butter, music is great and gets quite hard by the endgame. Totally recommended."
,Recommended,248310,15612848,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Dws1801youtubes,I give this game a 5/5 the game plays like a old sonic game ahhhh childhood
,Recommended,248310,34383797,Posted: 20 August,all,EvasiveRaptor7,"Pretty good game, very fast and fun combat10outof9"
,Recommended,248310,34570214,Posted: 28 August,all,Magnix,Best platformer game i have ever played
,Recommended,248310,33147360,Posted: 2 July,all,Galactic Cannibalism,Sonic but good.
,Recommended,248310,26051402,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,BlueSheep123,"I was skeptical about getting this since I don't like 2D Sonic games, but this game is way better than all of them. Really well designed game right here. The only thing I don't like is the voice acting. Fortunately, you can turn that and the cutscenes off.I'd highly recommend this to fellow platformer fans."
76561197970908031,Recommended,248310,11397576,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Svati,"Feels a bit like Sonic gameplay with megaman x-ish music. Plays like Sonic at first but give it a bit of time and you'll see it's different enough. To me it's more fun. It doesnt have the rush pressure of Sonic but can have some of the speed if you wish.Has a good exploration aspect. Good customizeable controls. Good production value.  The cutscene are pretty fun. The audio quality sometimes makes me raise an eyebrow but in the end it adds to the charm. A little bit like it did in Symphony of the Night (although this is a lot better than SotN in term of voice audio sampling).Boss Battles are very cool to me and you can see other characters jump in, either helping by throwing you goodies or attacking the boss as well, making the whole scene very dynamic and exciting.Would absolutely recommend to fans of the genre; this game was obviously made with love and talent."
,Recommended,248310,25372586,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Doomarang3,Great game will worth th $15 bucks! A must buy for anyone! :)
,Recommended,248310,24559274,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,AltoTheWolf,"The Stage 8 boss can combo you like it's a pro Smash Bros. Melee player on crack cocaine, resulting in many lives to be lost and many Game Overs to be had. This ♥♥♥♥face can go shove a rusted pole up its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ until it comes out the other side and it can then go burn in hell. It would save everyone a lot of trouble if it did that.11/10 would have to buy replacement keyboard and mouse again over a game about a furrys wet dream.[EDIT]: Finally beat it after about 6-7 Game Overs to find that this little♥♥♥♥♥♥is only a Mid-Boss. Yes, a MID-BOSS!!! The actual boss of the level is miles easier than this guy but they were still a challenge. Oh and btw, THIS GUY APPEARS AGAIN LATER AS WELL!! Ok, he is easier than this first time, but he did manage to take many of my lives again..."
,Recommended,248310,22803957,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,kitsune361,Best Sonic in twenty years.  Even better than Sonic Dreams.
,Recommended,248310,12563688,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Skelekip💀,"What do you get when you toss Sonic, Ristar, Gunstar Heroes, and Mega Man X into a blender? This game. Level design is top-notch, voice acting is great for an indie title, story is pretty good, and the characters are quite likeable. One of the most fun platformers I've played in recent years."
,Recommended,248310,13096969,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Gilamex,"As an attempt to write the shortest review I can for this game, here goes.Positive:Best soundtrack in a platform game I have heard in my life.Bright and colorful.Not as overwhelmingly fast-paced as Sonic where you can't tell where you're going.Can attack without having to jump on enemies. In fact, jumping on enemies is not recommended.Decent combat.Epic bosses. I know you hear it a lot, but seriously. Epic.Full voice acting.Adorable characters.Negative:Normal difficulty - Last levels were way too hard. Died 40 times on the final boss.Attack patterns for bosses are a bit hard to get used to.Too many achievements compared to content/possibilities.Disturbing cutscenes.Neutral:Bosses are the only real challenge.I may edit this later as I play more and realize a few other things, but as of one full play-through on adventure, one on classic, and one level re-play, here it is, as is."
,Recommended,248310,16676236,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Rabbidscool,GOOD? YESGREAT? YESAWESOME? YESOUTSTANDING? YESAMAZING? YESSUCK? SUCKS TO BE A VILLAIN!
76561198030856349,Recommended,248310,11469987,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Dorran,"This game is a recommend.-The Voice acting is great.-Decent charactors. The three playable ones feel every distinctive in playstyle-Superb Level design.Each feel different with the last with gimmics that your introduced to at the start in a safe enviorment rather than throwing them at you out of the blue and penalising you with death.- Physics of the game get the job done and don't get in the way.-Artwork for its style is detailed and beautiful.-Music Catchy in places tho in others ignorable however never an earsore.The story on the other is Ok.A standard save the work story set in a world that feels that can have much potencial.However the execution of the plot is very...Hamfisted in places. Charactors that only met act like lifelong friends and NPCs made wild leaps in logic now and then. It also jumps and skips over details in place tho is maybe because there are two charactors in storymode so both played may be a requirement to get all the details.Its said that a good Villain makes a good story and in this game the Villain certainly safes the story. He comes across as evil, merciless and smart. The final levels feel very thermatical with his presence."
76561198103078745,Recommended,248310,11472326,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Chorizomountain,"This is Gold people!!! Worth every freaking cent of those $15!!! If you grew up with or ever in your entire life played and loved games like Mega Man x and sonic... you need to play this game! It was made with so much love, the characters all have their own colorful personality, plus for those of you that love the Kawaii stuff... you will find yourself going ""I just wanna give these characters a hug!!! :D"" The stages all differ from jungle, to water, to flying air ship, to all sorts of other stuff! Controls are simple...  with time the challenge increase, bosses will kill you but you won't get frustrated.... you'll just go ""lol damn :D my fail"" and try again. Mainly because it's fair and well... who can get mad at a panda!?!? :D it's such a great pleasure to play this game. SO stop reading this or any other reviews and go play it yourself!!!!"
,Recommended,248310,11425100,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,the1stMoyatia,"This is definitely what we  see in video games these days but with more 2D. The acting is definitely the part that stands out more to this one in Story Mode, for example, the characters are relateable in many different ways. The way it went along, it starts out fairly easy but it gets more difficult as you progress through each level. This is the case with the bosses. Lilac the Dragon Girl is definitely easier to play as since she gets a boost of leverage and that's why I enjoy playing as her the most. I heard that this was meant to be a game for children, but it's quite dark for a kids game.Freedom Planet may stand out as a Sonic based game at a Sonic Games Expo but it's definitely a stand alone game. The impact I got from this was like reading the Sonic comics from Archie. Now, I can recommend this game to the Brony Community since it's got a lead character that has as much appeal as Twilight Sparkle and Sonic combined. It's a shame Dawn Michelle Benett, the voice of Lilac, doesn't appreciate Bronies very much. Although she could be starting to appreciate the fandom more (hopefully).The creator of this game did a really good job on it. I can see this game make millions for him like Angry Birds and Minecraft, it's that good. If the worlds of Avalice and Equestria crossed paths, we'd have ourselves a Franchise worth getting into."
76561197967507812,Recommended,248310,11411214,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Butch4969,"This is an absolutley fantastic, gorgeous Sega Genesis/SNES style Sonic/Gunstar Heroes mash up.  Awesome platforming, GREAT music, and great level design. BUY. THIS. GAME!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,248310,11411915,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Amerasu~Nocturne,"Imagine a classic sonic game, speed and running and all that great stuff. Now add excellent epic boss battles, attacks and combat that make you feel less like a razor blade on legs, and you have freedom planet. The only thing wrong with the game is a bit of naff voice acting, but thats pretty much standard in indie games, though some of the voice acting is excellent for the character. If you love sonic or platforming game in general, get this. And for all the idiots screaming about furries, you are as constructive as a idiot shouting homophobic remarks in a online game :P"
,Recommended,248310,11486114,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Spooky Jack,"By far a big nostalgia bomb. Incredible pixelated art inspired by calssic Genesis made games. An awesome track (that can now be purchased through Bandcamp for $10)The characters are fully voiced. Each VA capturing the persona splendidly.The levels are decent in legnth wise. Each is made for the people who feel like exploring every inch or for those that just want to be fast as possible. Speedrunners beware, there are traps that require timing and effort.The bosses are very challenging i.e. each have their own pattern that if you don't memorize carefully, you will end up dying alot.The action is very fast paced, pitting you against the odds.Aside from all this, i can say that the story is a bit cliche. Having to race against the clock to save your planet from destruction  by a warlord space tyrant is like most classic games back in the days.But other than that, this game is by far in its own unique experience, inspiration, nostalgia and decently well made challenges that will surely even bring old time gamers from the NES through Genesis era a sense of games they have played as well as opening up classic era challenges to the modern world."
,Recommended,248310,20409001,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,CharlieWoo,Why haven't I played this until now?
,Recommended,248310,19504773,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Sir Hatsley,"It's a good, speedy platformer that borrows a lot from classic Sonic games. In a lot of ways, it even surpasses them. The controls are nice and crisp, the level designs are amazing, and the music is fittingly intense.However, Galaxy Trail has also managed to surpass Sonic Team in the ongoing competetion to make the worst boss fights. The biggest problem with Freedom Planet is a ludricrous difficulty spike on every level just before the boss. It's the kind of difficulty spike that makes it hard to want to keep playing after each level. Yes, the level designs are amazing, but the bosses in this game soak up damage and repeat the same attacks over and over and over. Even the easy ones are a chore to get through. It doesn't have the same precision of a Megaman game, so it's an infuriating exercise in wondering how the developers thought you were supposed to avoid that. Changing the difficulty doesn't help, either.The story is also one of this games weak points. You could play with it off, but I like keeping it on, just to give the developers an audience for the story they clearly want to tell, even if it's not that good of a story. When you can tell that a lot of heart went into the story, it doesn't really matter whether it's good or not.Overall, I'd say this is a must-buy for Sonic fans, and strongly recomended for platformer fans. I know I just spent a lot of time listing off all of the bad things about this, but it's a good game."
76561198187446083,Recommended,248310,17836683,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Dusk Breaker,"Absolutely love this game, Its not just some Sonic clone. It is something far, far greater than that.A brilliant soundtrack, excellent gameplay and some of the best character designs Ive seen in a long while make this game one of my favourites.Carol is, in my opinion, the best character.Was worth every penny and then some, I cant wait for the sequel.GalaxyTrail has done an amazing job with Freedom Planet and I cant wait to see Freedom Planet 2."
,Recommended,248310,20411023,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Jenga,"This game is faaaar too good to simply be a Sonic clone. But it is and I am so friggin glad it is inspired from other SEGA classics as well. Everything gameplay wise is done perfect from challenging boss patterns to ease of control. However, I personally think they are too leniant in how death is in this game. Normally lives are rather important in games like these because no one wants to start the whole level over, especially if it is really difficult with the basic cap of lives (usually 5). This game sadly removes that drive of adrenaline once you realize that dying means nothing in completing your first run through. There are no drawbacks to dying and it only lets you learn from your mistakes and just that; rather than having you learn quick while the risk of total failure is still evident. Basically this game is good for its gameplay and musical compostions. People agree on those things pretty much 100%, but as for the story it is hit or miss and there are genuine haters out in the world who would love to do nothing more than rip on this game."
76561198075282807,Recommended,248310,17835417,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,supersmily5,"Fast paced, usually-well-made gameplay, and a story that immediately made me say ""Damn"" multiple times, but it's certainly not a perfect game.  The camera is zoomed in a way much, making most of the action especially on harder difficulties boil down to wait, listen, jump, hit ONLY ONCE, repeat.  The jumping puzzles revolving around Lilac's Dragon Boost are ALWAYS frustrating, and the game seems to lack levels where it seems like they should be obvious, such as (Spoilers) when they escape the Thermal Base during a cutscene that shouts ""...base will implode in 6 minutes.""  An entire level is also dedicated on forcing the player to slow down between a heart-renching moment and a miffed off MAIN CHARACTER and do some of the most unbelieveably frustrating platforming and jumping puzzles the game has to offer.  If the ENTIRE last level (Final Dreadnought Round 4) didn't exist and you just skipped straight to the final boss, the game would be massively improved.  The story also doesn't give you everything of major plot on the first playthrough, requiring you to play at least two save files (One with Lilac and another with Carol) to get the whole story, or rather, as much of it as you can.  A MAJOR PLOT POINT HAPPENS BEFORE THE STORY BEGINS, AND IS NEVER EXPLAINED.  That is, Lilac and Carol were active criminals at the start of the story, stealing from the rich who made pigrimmages to the Kingdom Stone supposedly in order to survive.  This is part of the only two reasons that everyone is arrested later in the story, but is only even said through a single line of dialogue from Neera, that doesn't explain ANYTHING.  The whole story about them being active criminals, I got that off of the wiki.  I can tolerate poor design choices if they aren't very present, but I NEVER TOLERATE bad or incomplete story.  At some point, although the info dump is already strong between levels, they NEEDED to explain this part of the backstory, or not have it be part of a major plot point.THAT SAID, I can still recommend this game.  It runs amazingly smoothly, despite there sometimes being dozens of enemies on screen, and most of the gameplay is great for those knowing what to expect.  It is great because it allows players to go their own pace, and rewards them for having one of their own.  For those looking to go fast, the game often makes the player that uses the faster routes run into more shields and be safer from stage hazards.  For those that like to explore everything, this game has many collectibles, including a lives counter that gets alot more lives if you're picking up every gem, because you run into HUNDREDS more of them if you explore ('Course, the lives are actually meaningless, as if you run out but hit continue you get NO penalty even on Hard Mode).  It also (up until Round 4) has BY FAR the best final level(s) I have EVER seen in a game, not just a 2d platformer, ANY GAME.  In virtually any of the games I can think of, the final boss is either RIGHT THERE during the final level of a game or seemingly nonexistent, making the player alone to deal with the already laid traps and enemies.  Final Dreadnought however, had an ACTIVE villain part to it, as the bad guy does everything imagineable to try and destroy the player, and as the player progresses the traps change with the environment.  It, up until round 4, is ABSOLUTELY the most well made sequence in the game, leaving nothing to be desired until round 4.  This game might be worth buying for that level alone, but the rest is pretty good too."
76561198048295196,Recommended,248310,18513073,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Coral [BDay in 6 Days],"I've wanted this game for so long. It was in my wishlist since I found out the game was released after playing the Demo. Now that I've finished it, I can talk about it in this review.This game has an amazing soundtrack, set of levels, set of bosses, and even set of characters. How many times did I say ""set""? Anyways. This game is AWESOME, the fact that we were forced to face against one of Lilac's friends was enough to give me as much rage as Lilac [Well, Idk if it's different for Carol], and best of all, defeating the final boss was the most satisfying thing that I have done within this entire gem of a steam game. It's awesome, it's hetic, and most of all, it has a happy ending. Milla lived, Torque went back to his home planet, I saved the kingdom stone, and I have a new favorite game.10/10, would play again if I had the time out of other games"
76561198198223991,Recommended,248310,18820464,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,KawaiiBunnyChrome,I like Freedom Planet.It's better than sonic!It's anything but a sonic copy!
,Recommended,248310,19034933,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,PeskyVex,"This game has reminded me of my long lost love for 2D platformers dating all the way back to the very first Sonic game. It really is a shame that this game is so criminally underrated, because the very second you start playing it you will feel how much love the developers have put into this jewel of a game.If I were asked what I like most about it, I would not even know where to begin! You have fantastic, colourful 2D graphics, a mindblowingly good soundtrack and absolutely solid gameplay that does not need to hide behind landmark titles of the genre like Sonic, Rayman or Mega Man.One of the bigger complaints I have heard about the game is the cheesy story mode and voice acting. If it's not to your liking you can also play the game in the classic mode, which reduces the story to short cutscenes similar to how they appear in Sonic & Knuckles for example. However, regarding the story and voice acting, I think it is ok, definitely not as bad as it is made out in most reviews. It is a bit on the cheesy side, but I think that actually has its own appeal that just works well in the context of the game.If you want a well made, fun game that has a nice oldschool factor in it you absolutely have to buy this game, you will not regret it!"
,Recommended,248310,19078639,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Lovelyfox5005,"A friend of mine recommended me this game and I shrugged it off for a while. 2 Months later I looked into it again, ended up getting it, and just couldn't stop playing.Funny thing was that a little before first playing the game, my friend told me that I'd be better off playing it in Easy, or even Casual difficulty because it was a tough game otherwise. I like the challange though. Did everything in Hard mode and don't regret one bit~ (it did take some time to get some of the bosses patterns though XD)Another point that I found funny is that I like a lot games that *show* instead of *tellling* so even though i when I play I always prefer to choose Classic Mode over Adventure Mode, the story in Adventure Mode proved to be very fun too. gotta play it at least once~I tell you, if you are a sonic fan, this is definitely a must. (and I challange you to play it on Hard Mode. It's fun! XD)Even if you aren't a sonic fan but like platform games, you should still give it a try, i don't think you'd regret it."
,Recommended,248310,19162635,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,[FFGC/FDC]ロイ脂肪ドラゴ,"This game is very good and deserves a LOT of positive acclaim for what it is!Fast action, difficult bosses, difficult challenges (But not too difficult that it's practically 100%♥♥♥♥♥♥move all the way)"
76561198033134963,Recommended,248310,19245298,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Bran StormFang,Most fun i have had in years and i hope to see more from Galaxytrail in the future. this game rocks
76561198254304423,Recommended,248310,21061901,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Lenn,"Freedom Planet is the most fun, creative, colourful and overall greatest 2D platformer i have played in a VERY long time. (Like Rayman Legends long ago) Unique gameplay, characters, story, music and those sweet classic graphics definitly show this as being one of the most finest platformers of all time and can only be praised for everything it does, i have NO flaws or bad things to say about this masterpiece. Get this game immediatly if you love platformers from the 1990's. It truly is amazing to see what fan games can become and that alone is so inspiring. Well done GalaxyTrails, well done indeed."
76561198128357735,Recommended,248310,14022566,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Hyne,"When you see this game, it looks like a classic sonic game, but it plays very differently and thats a good thing. I love the voice acting, infact it may be the best voice acting of 2014. I love the characters and their designs, espically Spade, oh wow, Spade is such a badass. The pixel art is gorgious and must of had so much time put into it. The also has a very unique and interesting story. The boss battles are incredible, although they can be quite difficult, that makes it all the more satifying when you beat them. The games soundtrack is outstanding, full of catchy tunes and epic tracks. I love how unlike other platforming, you don't loose health if you touch an enemy, they have to attack you, which is a refreshing change to 2D platformers. Now for the problems, some of these levels are way to long. Although all the charcters are good, none are even as close to as good as Lilac whilst playing the game. Carol is only good with her motorbike, and the third character (not saying name for story spoilers) plays way to defencively. This game is well worth the price, three unique characters, a game with a unique story and everything else in between makes this game truely special. I highly recomend it."
,Recommended,248310,13937659,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,DezmondVulpin,"If you like classic Sonic games, or hell, any classic 2d platformer for that matter, chances are you'll adore Fredom Planet as well. Seriously, this game has great level design, interesting boss designs, an amazing OST, and three fun playable characters (with two more coming soon in a free dlc.).The only glaring problems I have is the fact that I feel that a couple of bosses, depending on the character, could use some rebalancing.  Other than that, the story is a bit underwhelming, some of the voice overs can get a bit cringy at times, and cutscenes tend to over stay their welcome every now and again. Fortunately, one could choose to play ""classic mode""  instead of ""Adventure mode,"" which allows the player to skip the game's story elements/cutscenes/etc. and simply play one level after another.To conclude this short review, I'd definitely recommend this game to anyone who appreciates a good platformer. This game may have a lackluster story, but the gameplay is simply amazing and can lead to hours of fun. (Or about an hour of rage.  Milla's story-Battle Glacier. That's all I'm gonna say.)"
76561198079487722,Recommended,248310,16512777,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,DestructoDisc-man,"Perfect 2D Sonic style game play, with awesome Treasure style bosses. Basically it's the best of the Genesis in one game.THIS IS AN ORIGINAL REVIEW DO NOT STEAL"
,Recommended,248310,16516016,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Demon Cat Lord,"It's like a Sonic fan fic without sex.Controls really smooth, feels like playing an old sonic game if sonic could do anything other than move right and spin.A bit too much blah blah dialogue though."
76561198161958724,Recommended,248310,16498424,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,AussieManny,"Fantastic platformer! This is the game Sonic the Hedgehog 4 should've been. Fast, receptive combat, great boss battles and clever level design! Just a great video game."
,Recommended,248310,16502415,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Sonicjms,"Easily one of the best games in the action platformer genre, great enjoyable characters, with awesome gameplay. I can't recommend this game highly enough."
76561198047208815,Recommended,248310,13848947,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Zirouz,"One of my favorite indie games I've ever played, reminds me a lot about the classic Sonic titles, only with more challenging and epic boss fights, a great soundtrack and a lot of replayability, I recommend this game to anyone that is into 2D platformers or action games.The story is okay in my opinion, nothing spectacular but it's nice to know the lore of all the awesome stages you play in!You get so much for only 15$ (a must-buy for old-school Sonic-fans :) )"
76561198050749385,Recommended,248310,13434346,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Eps,"This is a story about a small studio that decided they could make a better classic Sonic-like game than Sega, and launched a kickstarter for it. And I dare say, they succeeded at doing just that. Freedom planet is a glorious return to the Genesis era of 2D platformers that takes inspiration from Sonic the Hedgehog, Rocket Knight Adventure and their peers, wraps it all in a polished package, and adds good storytelling and voice-acting on top of all of it.The only hitch in the mix is that the boss fights are unforgivingly hard, so newcomers to the genre should set the difficulty to Easy if they do not wish to experience the brutal difficulty of late 80s - early-90s gaming."
76561198014702038,Recommended,248310,11566958,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,EurekaStar,"Very refreshing to see a retro game that isn't NES inspired. Definitly feels like a more action packed and fast paced classic Sonic the Hedgehog. The levels are designed very well to be both equally challenging and fun. The world, story, and characters, are rich with personality, winning itself its own terrific idenity. The playable characters warrnts high replay value. Definitly one of my favorite games of the year. Absolutely loving it."
,Recommended,248310,11412950,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,angryfrenchfry,"After watching some gameplay of this, I was excited to actually get a chance to play it. After the first 2 levels, I have to say I'm really impressed with the way it plays. The voice acting, controls and characters all go together very well and I hope that there is more going to be added in or even a sequel. Great job designers!"
,Recommended,248310,11547649,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Roegnvaldr,"Hoo boy, this will be a long review. If you want a detailed review, go ahead.While I am recommending this game, I'd like to point out a few things.Yes, other reviewers already stated their opinions about how similar it looks to Sonic and while I am in no good standing to really confirm this, supposedly it started as a Sonic fan project. And it shows, because there is definitively some inspiration here taken from Sonic games from the Genesis/MegaDrive era. However, do not come into this expecting it to play like a Sonic game. In fact, if you do, it might just end up spoiling it for you.Thegood thingsin this game are various indeed.Graphics are superb, with a very MegaDrive-ish feel to them. If you were a SEGA kid in the 90s, these graphics should be quite appealing. The level aesthetics are impressive and well-elaborated, but it does get a bit busy sometimes.Music and sound are quite good, again going for a more MegaDrive-ish feel to them without having the poor sound chip. By that, of course, I mean that most music has a rock/eletronic vibe to it. However, I particularly like the soothing main menu music.Gameplay is fast-paced but with many, many different elements to it. As I previously said, the inspiration from Sonic games are obvious in this game, with a lot of platforming and running around. However, it boasts some VERY interesting new or seldom seen scenario mechanics, such as  quickly-changing terrain, and character traits which give different ways to play the game, adding to replayability. I was often pleased with the level design and, although it might feel quite like a maze, there is always a way to keep going forward and you never feel like you hit a brick wall.Unlike the often-mentioned inspiration, there is a degree of combat in this game, a bit like a beat'em up. And it feels quite satisfying to pull up strings of hits, even when it was necessary under pain of death.There are a few power-ups in this game and they serve as a nice addition. They have other functions besides acting as a shield. Also, the health-point system is decent, without holding the player's hand too much. There are enough hazards to chip away your health.Mid-bosses are quite frequent and engaging, with designs that fit the overall level and provide a fair challenge.No game is safe frombad stuff, however.While combat is fun and engaging, at later stages you find more and more enemies which require quite a beating to be destroyed, oftentimes all clogged up in the same space. Which makes the decision to simply ignore and run away the most sense, and that can be a bummer for those who enjoy getting physical. Fighting everything can be quite cumbersome and may lead to some frustration as your health chips away.Boss fights. The boss designs are well made and can be quite intimidating at times, with different mechanics as to how to defeat them, but for the most part, in the later stages, they get more and more frustrating as you are expected to hit them while dodging their attacks... and they wiggle around in quick patterns that are often hard to predict. Most of the weak points are small, flying and/or near hazards, which means that you might be dying quite a lot until you find a good strategy or just outlast the boss.While the sprites are colourful, beautiful and overall just really good to look at, sometimes there is a small problem where the abundance of big sprites can turn intro a problem. It requires either prior knowledge of position or quick fingers in order to properly react to certain things.Overall, this game is good, really good in fact. The mechanics are superbly solid and I always had a blast during the normal part of the stages, often cringing whenever I arrived at the final boss. However....There issome neutral stuff which is very opinion-basedthat you should consider.This game comes with a story and voice-actors. And I will be frank with you, I didn't like it. Neither the story nor the voice-actors nor the personalities. The characters are saturday-morning cartoon stereotypes, but everyone is edgy and with a dark past, for some reason. The amount of dead parents in this game would make Disney blush in shame and there is an unnecessary amount of drama. This feels quite a lot like a fanfic (in the bad sense of the word) than a good story. The voice-actors relish this, however, and put their all to make everyone sound like they are suffering from teen angst. Which is fair, since the characters themselves are teens. Because of that, while you could consider this a good performance on the voice-actors, the personalities just fall flat for me. HOWEVER, the game does offer a Classic mode, which allows you to play the game without any cutscenes. This is a great initiative from the developers, one that I respect quite a lot. Still, despite my bashing, I won't deny that those who created the story and voice-actors are sweating their heads off to make the best they can. This is good effort and commendable because of that. Others might rightfully enjoy this kind of storytelling and characterization. But for me, it just doesn't go well.The level designs are amazing. I never stop gauking at them. But one thing really ticks me off - It is quite clear that whoever created the designs of characters and levels is an extreme fan of Asian culture. Heck, we have people who go the extra effort of pronouncing Chinese names correctly. There is Japanese food, Chinese decoration, Chinese names.... however, with all that stuff, it really bugs the hell out of me that everybody is still speaking English. This feels a bit pretentious to me, and I think that the game would have benefited much more if the scenario was more ambiguous, without clearly defining where it comes from or from where does its inspiration hail from. It would have given it timelessness, of sorts. But because of how it is made, it just feels like someone is pushing how much they love Asian culture down our throats. Some people will still enjoy this, however, and will relish every second of their game time. As for me, it just feels like someone threw all their Asian language books (probably only Japanese and Chinese, to be fair. No love for Sout Korea?) in a blender and mixed everything because she/he EVIDENTLY loves Asia and needs to show that. (What about Russia? It's in Asia, too)Like I mentioned, those two things were the biggest that irked me and make me cringe everytime I submit myself to the main story, which only makes me look forward to the Classic mode. However, this kind of stuff depends from person to person. You might enjoy it. Quite a lot, in fact. Ever played Dust: An Elysian Tail? You would enjoy that too. Buy both games. You know you want to."
,Recommended,248310,11543725,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,AlexWrench,"Just as Shovel Knight is a throwback to the NES, Freedom Planet is a heartfelt love letter to the Sega Genesis. The difference comes not only in the influences and (simulated) limitations of the hardware, but more importantly in the nature of the creators: where the Shovel Knight devs were seasoned veterans who knew the right games to reference and the right self-aware design conveyance to make sure those reviews came in positive, Freedom Planet feels like more of an amateur effort with some janky physics, strange hitboxes, and inconsistent sprite work marring the first impression. Make no mistake, the game's rough around the edges. Despite that, it manages to be more spirited, challenging, and experimental than its major-league counterpart.A glorious return not only to the flashy design of the Mega Drive era, but also to a more playful side of the indie scene that I thought had been long buried."
,Recommended,248310,11619293,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,ZenTheRedPanda,"Freedom planet is one of the coolest games I have played in a while. It's like the good sonic, rocket knight and a few other elements  from classic gaming came together and gave birth to a pretty awesome game. It's a unique experience with each character and if you liked classic gaming and stuff like sonic and rocket knight This game is for you!! It's a amazingly good game, I didn't think it would be as good as I found out it was. Graphically it reflects the gaming days of old sonic but each character has a unique gameplay all their own. Definitely worth checking out!!"
,Recommended,248310,11460388,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Noivy,"If you're a fan of old style side scrolling games with oldstyle highly detailed pixelated artwork, fast paced action, and intense bosses from games such as Sonic the Hedgehog and Mega Man, then you'll probably love Freedom Planet.Let me make one thing clear, I have not beaten this game yet at the time of this reviewthing, with any character. However, this game gave me a very refreshing experience because I am a very dead on fan of the old 80s and 90s side scrollers, and this feels just like one. What Freedom Planet has what the old games don't, is very good modern music, very amusing and sometimes very emotional voice acting, and a very engaging story plot that see's quite a bit of branching based on which character you play. Controls are simple, graphics transition smoothly, and this game can easily be ran on even my old potato computer box. So all you with laptops that have trouble running larger games? We got a good package right here.The only thing that I do NOT like about the game is that some of the bosses are insanely difficult and have made me want to punch something really, really hard. Be prepared to stop playing for a bit, walk away, and drink a glass of water to regain your sanity, because you WILL find yourself thinking very nasty thoughts while fighting some of the bosses.To those who dislike this game before even playing it because it's ""furry based"" I have one thing to say. Sonic the Hedgehog is no different (oh god Im going to get a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥for saying this), the only reason why you don't dislike like sonic is because it's been around for a very damn long time, and we've grown used to it. If this game came first and evolved the same way sonic has, and, I'm willing to bet you my australium flamethrower that people would loathe sonic if it was released here in 2014 because it would be a ""ripoff of Freedom Planet""."
76561198045960273,Recommended,248310,20689638,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,2Cheeki4Breeki,This game does remind me of the orignal sonic games back in the day.anyway this game is really fun an can be a challenge. especailly when doing the no death run.9/10also my favorite character is Carol
,Recommended,248310,13628111,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,nuclearshutdown,"The game is very bright, colorfulm and fun. It also reminds me of a 90s Sonic game."
,Recommended,248310,21268455,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Questy,"Motorcycles can climb on walls :3I'm not even jokingAlso, there are quite the funny moments in the game."
,Recommended,248310,17297081,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Natalie11111,"The game manages to give a good sonic like feel and feels intresting to play. The characters have different playstyles making it fun to play the game again. The scenery is beautiful not unlike the music and the scenery can be interacted with. The plot is good and can be chilling at times, and overall, it's an excellent game that is worth peoples time, even if it can be sometimes difficult."
,Recommended,248310,22047192,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Ayy Eradicator,"It's like classic Sonic, but with better characters and a hopeful future."
,Recommended,248310,24727583,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,SharpCLAW,"I Beat the game with Carol i felt great, i started playing with Lilac, but didn't finish,nor with Milla, but with all that played in the game, THIS GAME WAS GREAT, Soundtrack 100%, GamePlay Sonic like but 100%, Atmosphere 100%.This game was tough and i must say i was great, i hope for a secound one and for all you other players out there to play this game :DIf you look at my account it was awhile since i played this game, but i usally i write a review after i beat a game, i forgot about this one XP, My Bad."
,Recommended,248310,14538344,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Kitfox88,"Falls under the 'easy to pick up, hard to master' category for me. The spritework is charming, the music's good, the levels are fun (if a bit on the long side). Story mode is cheesy as hell, as you might expect, but enjoyable none the less. And if you hate it, hey, there's a mode to just play through it level to level like old platformers."
76561198078317925,Recommended,248310,13976588,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,IN OPTIONS,"If you like 90's platformers and you're eyeing this game carefully, dont bother waiting anymore, you will be glad you bought it. One of those games that are better on the second run lel. So this is a 2d platformer heavily inspired by alot of classic 90's games, you will surely recognize level design straight from sonic. If youre good, the game play will be fast and fun. It borrows alot of level design that make the old sonic games great and improve some that dont, but they built the game so it doesnt play just like a sonic game. If you are at all interested in this game, I recommend playing carol first. However, the story is outright worthless due to a meh plot and meh voice acting. But thats okay, just choose classic mode, dont feel bad about missing out on the story. theres not much to grieve about. The art style has well done pixel art with incredible detail, while the amazing level design and soundtrack makes the game a joy to play.If i had to complain about the gameplay, there are some moments where you are just waiting for your special bar to fill and it breaks the flow (especially with lilac, play carol first. Lilac is fun, but only once you get used to things because its not a sonic game). I also think levels were too long for my tastes, levels go on for about 10 minutes on your first time through but not once you get good. I think theres an unbalance in difficulty: levels are easy and straight forward, but the bosses are tough. once you figure out the attack patterns theyre not impossible but you will lose plenty of lives just trying to figure them out (but theres no punishment for death at all so atleast they dont make you rage quit).Its a fun game that kinda grew on me because its better the second time you play it IMO. Solid game play 8/10"
76561198247296154,Recommended,248310,17805643,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,elijahjcoy,one of the best platformers i have ever played
,Recommended,248310,17158333,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,jackfruit,"This game is incredible and SEGA should hire the whole team.The first thing that jumps out about Freedom Planet is the obvious inspiration it takes from the first three Sonic titles. The movement of the characters and the level design, intended to keep the player moving forward as smoothly as possible while maintaining a bit of challenge, is classic Sonic. The developers have added a short, semi-interesting visual novel in between stages and the gameplay has a bigger focus on bosses (which provide the primary challenge in gameplay) but the skeleton of the gameplay and the overall aesthetic is adamantium-forged Sonic 3.If it sounds like a knock-off, then let's at least be fair: this is the first game in 20 years to capture the proper feel of a 2d Sonic game with original levels. Sonic Team has repeatedly proven incapable of pulling off what Freedom Planet does seemingly effortlessly.The weaknesses of Freedom Planet feel analogous to the weaknesses of Sonic 1, in that they're the result of a small team working with limited funds. While the animations generally are very beautiful, a few sprites feel out of place and some of the level themes could use more coherence. There are no real bonus stages that I can see, and a couple of the bosses repeat themselves in different forms. What I'm saying here is that GalaxyTrail needs to be subsumed into Sonic Team ASAP and put to work on Sonic 4 Episode 3."
76561198042625500,Recommended,248310,17160183,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Wickedsage,i love this game and the music!
,Recommended,248310,17151016,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Wil,"Great and difficult game. Hard to believe that this is an indie game.Still, some minor bugs here and there."
,Recommended,248310,11837612,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Kinka,"This game is...wonderful! Made to play similarly to the classic 2D Sonic games, but with refresnces to Sonic, Mario, Megaman, heck maybe even Metroid?Although I have seen some people not be too overly impressed with the story, I myself liked it. And the game features a classic mode, to play the game from one stage to another without any cutscenes at all.The level designs are beautiful and the music is just as nice. I have spent some time just standing around to listen to the tunes.And each character plays so differently. Lilac being quite Sonic-like but with a spindash move that can be used in the air. Carol can ride around on a motorcycle and Milla throws blocks and has a shield.I think anyone can enjoy this game, even those that do not usually like platformers.However, do not let its cute art style put down your guard- some of the bosses are really difficult."
,Recommended,248310,16493184,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,D-LUCKS∅,The fact that this game has a button that immediately maxes out your speed and lets you dash in 6 different directions makes this game amazing.I feel free.
,Recommended,248310,21652781,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,MildlyMenacingMeeM,"The game is worth the money.That's it, I can't write a proper review on how good the game is and better yet there is a sequel announced. Overall this game is one of the best indie games of 2014.Basically:Something that was once a sonic fan game, Freedom Planet packs the explosive and intense combat of Gun Star Heroes and the exhilirating speed and soundtrack of Sonic and blends it to a mix with an amazing taste. So when you're first introduced into the game it shines very bright. The art style, the animations, the soundtrack, the combat. It reminds you instantly about the Genisis era of games (if you we're born early enough to experience it or got your Sega Genesis console into action from your attic that is). The bosses are challenging, sometimes too challenging so you get frustrated but thats merely nit-picking since you can set the difficulty to easy at any time.The 3 different characters that you play as has their own set of attacks and their own playstyle. Here is afun little chartI made on the characters so your playstyle can fit your bill.However once you complete the game. Everything stops. Since there is no DLC or additional content, yet, (a new character perspective of the story is coming soon) the game is only fully enjoyable the first few hours or days depending on how long you beat the game and once you beat it you may say: ""That's it?!"". So yeah, there is little replayability unless you count the 3 (soon 4) different character perspectives of the story mode. Time attack and casual may be there, but... it's just speedrunning, WHICH IS NOT A BAD THING!!! I just find it a little boring.Overall the game is great. Although it doesn't have as much replayability as I thought it had, I definately feel that my 33 hours were worth the 15$ I spent though.*EDIT: Alot of people compared the gameplay with Gun Star Heroes which I didn't really know what that was until I googled it. Oh boy was I wrong about the ""gameplay being similar to Sonic and Megaman"" part. This is clearly Gun Star Heroes mixed with Sonic, if you have access to the Torque character that is."
76561198057402315,Recommended,248310,15694011,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,concept gamer,2d sonic game if 2d sonic games still existted
,Recommended,248310,13998597,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,JLuizMorenoB,"This is a really good game, it shows how some fans can make good fan games and also better games then the normal game designers. It's a must buy for anyone, everyone will enjoy playing this, so, why you don't buy this game now, if you haven't yet?"
,Recommended,248310,20007214,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Game Cross,"Freedom Planet is, in many ways, what Sonic The Hedgehog should have become when the technology was first available (Sega Saturn era). It combines the original Sonic gameplay with light combat mechanics that feel like a game from Treasure (Gunstar Heroes, etc), a fully voiced story to enjoy, and an amazing soundtrack. Simply put, this is the game that Sonic fans deserve, and sadly too few have experienced."
,Recommended,248310,15105599,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Spyro Teh Dragoon,"Playing this game will ruin your life man. TO MUCH SPEED MAN! TO MUCH SPEED!Plus if you speedrun this game, you'll most likely pull your hair out like me.Milla though. Most adorable pup-pup you'll ever meet~!*Insert overused Sonic rip off comment here*SPPEDRUNNING THIS GAME IS GOOD. HOTDOGS SUCK THOUGH10/10 WOULD PLAY WITH MILLA AGAIN"
,Recommended,248310,16632375,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Raging Engie,That moment when Deviant Art makes a better Sonic game than Sega.
,Recommended,248310,18839217,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Foxy @ NAGLAN,"Do I really need to list reasons why this game is amazing? No? Thought so.Voice acting is a bit meh though, other than that little flaw, a great game nonetheless."
,Recommended,248310,19382316,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,rarowcun,sonic but good
,Recommended,248310,16512172,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,vurpo,"Definitely play if you like a good platformer with action. The gameplay reminds me a bit of Sonic, a little of Cave Story, but it's mostly unique(or then I don't have very extenive experience with platformers). Gameplay, music, graphics, story, everything is there to put this up among my favourite 2D platformers. Bonus points for very good technical execution: runs perfectly on Linux, and supports game controllers entirely without problems.There are a couple of little things that leave this just behind perfect. The voice acting is slightly inconsistent(it sounds like they were recorded in different studios or something, which makes it sound just slightly odd). The music volume is set too loud by default, it's hard to hear the talking. Setting it to about 80-90% is the best IMO. The controls feel kind of aggressive and floaty, but no big deal.If you're unsure, just watch the video in the store and go from there. It's very representative."
76561198022224964,Recommended,248310,24452384,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,PixeLED Monster,Soooo this is where the Good Sonic Game went into hiding from sega.
,Recommended,248310,24605329,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,GeeCee,"As someone who grew up with Sonic, there is no closer game that recaptures the tricky platforming, the constant mixup of level/game mechanics and wanting to go as fast as possible of the original Sonic 1,2 and Sonic 3&K, than Freedom Planet.To describe it simply, it's old school Sonic mixed with the cartoonishness of Stephen Universe with some damned tough bosses. Tough but conquerable in a Dark Souls sense - provided you can figure tactics around a boss.Wildcat with a Motorcycle, who can complain?"
76561198199143025,Recommended,248310,24639027,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Makoto,"Now, with freedom planet... no question it is inspired by the old genisis sonic games, as well as others like gunstar heroes.I have seen some say the plot is mediocre, I say it is pretty good. A great mix of high suspense and comedy old with characters like mayor Zao. With the gameplay, as of right now there are three playable characters. each of which has thier own unique gameplay style. bringimg variety and replayability with alternate scenes and levels. However if you don't care about the story, there is a feature called ""classic mode"" which cuts out all cutscenes if you wanna get a move on.The graphics and music are top notch as well.My two complaints are with the cutscenes themselves and the carol VS spade fight. With the cutscenes themselves and not the actual scene, how it goes is, they are talking and there is a text box on top, which won't continue the scene until you press a, so if you were paying extreme attention to the scene and not the box the character will stop and you will have a static screen, which can dump on the pacing of the scene in question. My second complaint is with carols fight with Spade, Carol is slower than Lilac who also fights him as well but has an easier time, spade goes from 0 to 1000 in a second and you go from 0 to 100 in about 5. and his laser card attack is almost impossible to avoid.All in all freedom planet is a total treat to those who like the platformer genre. it is no question worth its 15$ price, it's even on the wii u for anyone interested. 95/100"
,Recommended,248310,30215012,Posted: 26 February,all,Nurse Redheart,"Great Game. Looking forward for Freedom Planet 2.Even though it said 3.4 hours, I've played over 20 hours searching for secrets and replaying the story for better run time."
,Recommended,248310,16510495,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,LVCSSlacker,"This started out as a tribute to soinc, and you can see that in the first level or two. Then it branches out into it's own thing... It's a glorious tribute to the good old days of Sega. Combine that with an awesome soundtrack, and it's enough to keep you playing for a while!"
,Recommended,248310,32752097,Posted: 24 June,all,MusicRozDrawing,"It's easy to see this game was inspired by Sonic, so I'd recommend to many sonic fans; and if you like platformers, this is the game for you! With great graphics, exellent voice acting, a catchy soundtrack, compelling story and smooth gameplay, Ican't think of any reason why you shouldn't get it. It's one game you don't want to miss out on!"
,Recommended,248310,32853286,Posted: 27 June,all,jumpy,"A nice refreshing tribute to MegaDrive games!Now, a lot of people are saying this is like Sonic. And well, it is! However, you can to try three different characters. Lilac, who works like Sonic, super fast. But she's also unique in her own way, appearance and moves. Carol, who attacks with her claws and rides on her motorbike and Mila, who can fly and create shields while also blasting them. These three girls are cute but powerful, and with colourful scenes and lovely voice acting, you can too can enjoy their adventure.Buy it."
76561198155810365,Recommended,248310,15147993,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,TheLostSoul,"A MUST HAVE for all Sonic fans new and old. But keep in mind: It's NOT a Sonic clone. This game is a real gem  and there are many reasons why. I'll only cover a few things as to not give away any spoilers.Gameplay: In short, Freedom Planet is Sonic 1, 2, or 3&K but different by the addition of combat and health as well as enemies needing to actively attack instead of run into you to damage you. The physics is also slightly different to accomodate each character's playstyle.Controls: The controls change for each of the different characters that you can select. The main controls are meant for a Mega Drive or Genesis controller but can work for any controller with 4+ buttons and just a Keyboard. The controls can be changed in the Options to suit your liking and feel totally responsive. There's even an Analog Stick Sensitivity Option.Story: To keep from any spoilers I'll only say this: The story is a fairly typical ""save the world from aliens"" story and has a hard time pacing itself with lighthearted moments intermingling with dark ones. However, if you aren't interested in the story and only want to play the game, then you can select the Classic mode at the beginning to completely eliminate post-stage cutscenes.Characters: Lilac is the main protagonist and is the most fun to play with. Lilac is the fastest of the characters and has a double-jump, a wide variety of attacks, and a boost that can fire in any direction except for straight up or down.Carol is Lilac's best friend and is also fun to play with. Carol isn't as fast as Lilac unless she acquires a gas canister to power up her motercycle. Without her motercycle, Carol has a simple attack that can be performed really quickly, a kick attack that makes her invincible, wall-jumping capability, a pounce-dash, a rolling ability, and a power-slash attack. With her motercycle, she gets a boost while on the ground and can run up walls with ease.Milla is unlocked after completing the second stage in the Story mode. Milla has less health than Carol and Lilac and has no way of gaining great speed. However, to accomadate for this, she has a shield that can block or even deflect certain attacks that also attacks upon releasing the button, a block that takes time to generate, a super-attack achieved by mixing the block with the shield, a flutter-jump, digging ability, and she can also mount certain enemies to control them.I've heard that two more characters will be added later on as well.Overall: This game is great, pick it up if you can.Score: 9.9/10"
,Recommended,248310,17741072,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Puzzle Plate,"Sega should take notes on this game, Freedom Planet is the Sonic game people have wanted for years now. This back to basics platformer harkens back to a simplier era when you didn't need immense 3d graphics or intense combat for a good game. Might just be my nostigia glasses but I recommend Freedom Planet to anyone who loved Sega's old games."
76561198062329036,Recommended,248310,17884239,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Spooky Gylfie,"I have not felt this way about a game in a long time. The gameplay felt so smooth, great soundtrack and the story was great. it had me getting all sad and happy at the same time. i can not wait for galaxy trails next game."
,Recommended,248310,24268931,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Asura No Okami,GOOOOO BUYYY THIS GAME OKIT AWESOME AND CANT WAIT FOR PART 2
76561197991372312,Recommended,248310,14407975,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,RainyDayMK2,"A great classic-styled platformer. Very reminiscent of a game featuring a particular blue hedgehog, but better than those games have been lately. It feels like some lost 32-bit platformer, the kind you'd love to have played as a kid. Overall a great experience.Pros:+Three playable characters+Decent voice acting+Large, colorful levels with lots of room for exploration+Good music+Big bossesCons:-A bit short"
,Recommended,248310,14453765,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Your Royal Spookiness,"The writing's a bit cheesy, but it has a charm to it that you'll never forget.  Also the gameplay and soundtrack are ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.  Buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥already."
76561198042997868,Recommended,248310,17160057,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Dentolux,"Review originally published athttp://theotakujudge.comDespite being a former Megadrive fan boy I really hate Sega. In recent times the pioneers of the Dreamcast have incurred my wrath as they have refused to localize awesome games such as Valkyria Chronicles 3 and Phantasy Star Online 2. Worst of all is what they have done to Sonic the Hedgehog. Under Sega’s inept management, the spikey blue speedster has gone from being one of gaming’s most beloved mascots to becoming the poster child of shovelware. From what I hear Sonic Boom was woeful, but I wouldn’t know as I have given up on the character since playing Sonic 2006. That game’s excruciatingly long load times and plethora of glitches makes the PC port of Arkham Knight look competent.Sega have seemingly forgotten what made Sonic such a big hit during the 16-bit era, but thankfully their bad case of platforming amnesia does not extend to Stephen DiDuro. The founder of indie studio Galaxy Trail, thanks to the wonders of Kickstarter funding, has managed to deliver a high-octane platformer that encapsulates the spirit of Sonic’s adventures from the early nineties. If you seek a fun 2D platform game, akin to the days when collecting emeralds with the aid of a twin-tailed fox was all the rage, I recommend rummaging through Steam and giving Freedom Planet a download. If console gaming is more your style fear not, as a Wii U release is due out imminently.OVERVIEWFreedom Planet takes place on an alien world populated by anthropomorphic critters (it’s a furry’s wet dream come true.) The game’s three playable characters are Lilac (a dragon who resembles a cat-girl), Carol (a green wildcat who looks like a chameleon) and Milla (a humanoid hound whose long ears give her the appearance of a bunny.) The heroic trio are on a quest to stop the nefarious Arktivus Brevon who has recently crash-landed on their home world. Brevon leads an army of interstellar invaders who seek to nab the Kingdom Stone (a precious relic that is responsible for powering the entire globe’s technology.) What a heartless fiend! If he succeeds in pilfering the stone how will the cute bipedal animals recharge their video game handhelds and smartphones?Like in the Sonic classics of yore, Freedom Planet sees players traverse from left to right across fast-paced 2D stages that are guarded by an assortment of mechanical monstrosities. The lengthy levels, which can take twenty minutes to complete, offer various routes to explore plus an assortment of obstacles to overcome. Some sections for example have you scouring for key cards that unlock sealed doors whilst other locations will have Lilac and chums swimming through underwater tunnels (keep an eye out for air bubbles or you may well drown.) One difference between Sonic and Freedom Planet is how damage is handled. Freedom Planet is a more challenging game as it employs a traditional health bar. Take one too many hits and you will lose a life, unlike Sonic who is nigh on indestructible whilst in the possession of a power ring.VERDICTPerhaps I am influenced by nostalgia, but I have to say that Freedom Planet is a blast to play. It’s creative level designs, colourful pixel art and catchy soundtrack remind me of the fun times I had as a teen crushing Dr Eggman’s robots. Whether you are someone who desires a retro Sonic like experience or a player who appreciates good platformers I can highly recommend giving Freedom Planet a go. A single play through will take you around five hours to complete and there is plenty of replay value given that the three playable characters all handle very differently. Beginners should start off with Lilac, as she is the easiest to control thanks to her Sonic-esque spin attack and speed dash. Carol is fun to play as given that she can climb walls, ride a Harley and smack enemies with Chun-Li like kicks. Milla is the character I had the toughest time with. Her ability to fly over pitfalls, by flapping her elongated ear lobes, is neat but on the offensive side of things I found it hard to target enemies with her energy beam or the gelatinous blocks she can summon.Aside from the gameplay I also have to say that I enjoyed Freedom Planet’s story and the performances of its voice cast. The tone of the narrative is reminiscent of the 1993 Sonic cartoon (the good one – not Adventures of Sonic the Hedgehog.) The story segments are well worth watching, but if you’d rather not be interrupted by inter-level cut scenes there is a classic mode available that skips them. Being able to tinker with the game’s settings is always welcome. In addition to turning the cut scenes on and off it’s also possible to adjust the game’s difficulty. Crank it up to max for some challenging boss fights or switch to casual for a relaxing run that bestows you with regenerative health.If Sega had any sense they would hire Galaxy Trail to develop the next Sonic game. Freedom Planet is exactly what fans of the franchise have been clamouring for and it easily surpasses any of the recent Sonic releases. I doubt that Sega will change their ways however. Like a red echidna the company seems to be run by a complete “Knuckles” head."
76561198055162766,Recommended,248310,14095417,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,StevenWings,"Review of Freedom PlanetFreedom Planet instantly became one of my favorites. The visuals and the way it plays remind me of the old Sonic games (e.g. Sonic 3 & Knuckles). Even though the voice acting has its issues I found that it really contributes to the characters' personalities - I simply fell in love with them. The game also offers a pretty entertaining story mode (Called Adventure Mode) as well as a Classic mode (Which skips all of the cutscenes)Cons:-The voice acting is nice but it's not levelled properly (e.g. one character is voiced normally and the next is too loud)...Pros:-Awesome retro visuals and gameplay.-The game is voice acted!-Lenghty (skippable) cutscenes between the stages. It's almost like watching a movie.-3 playable and lovable characters.Conclusion:All in all, Freedom Planet is very similar to the retro Sonic games - pleasant visuals, pleasant gameplay and pleasant music but it also offers some ""upgrades"" that the Sonic games don't have - It has voice acted cutscenes which allow you to get immeresed into the story. If you're wondering whether the game is worth the money - it is! :)"
,Recommended,248310,14373173,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,PrismaticAngel,"Freedom Planet is a wonderful mix of platformers reminiscent of the '90's, with a small combat system, a unique physics engine and great levels. You can play as 3 different characters (with 2 coming up),  who each have their own playstyles making for a different experience each time you play. The story isn't exactly perfect, but you can choose to ignore by choosing Classic Mode when you start a new game.Though its $/€15 price tag may be a bit too much (I recommend buying it when it's on sale), it's most certainly worth whatever you're paying for it."
,Recommended,248310,14415144,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,DxRaviken,"Quite possible one of the cutiest games ive played in quite some timeA blast from the good old days! If youre a fan of games like sonic the hedgehog, sparkster,  Bubsy, Aero the Acrobat, Socket: Time Dominator, Kid Chaos, and Jazz Jackrabbit, you'll have a blast playing this :3Warning:  Your desire to fill your hardrive with fanart and artwork from this game will increase the more you play it."
,Recommended,248310,14438376,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,OnTheWeb,"One giant love letter to character mascot platforming of ye olde 1990's. But be warned, this game cranks up the terrific controls, wonderful level design, and catchy music to 11/10. This is the best indie game I've ever played. If you want video game perfection, buy this game.Oh, and the story reeks of stinky cheese. Thankfully, the developers had the idea to allow players to disable the story. Something I have to admit is quite revolutionary in video games today. I'm not joking.In short, I love this game and I pray that you at least try the rather extensive demo."
,Recommended,248310,17376542,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Exclamation Point,"It's Sonic, Gunstar Heroes, and Rocket Knight adventures all in one.Brevon pls"
,Recommended,248310,21340117,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,BrownElmo➲,"9/10 , if you're lookin for some good old taste from the 90's, this is jus goood for u (a must buy for sonic fans)"
,Recommended,248310,11546959,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,meanfactor,"* For anyone who loves retro styled games like Sonic the Hedgehog, Gunstar Heroes, Rocket Knight Adventures or Megaman. Or just fast paced platformers or shootemups in general.* For anyone that loves colorful graphics and cheery music.* For anyone who loves a brutal challenge.Do yourself a favour and try the Demo. This game is a welcome return to the Retro style of gaming from the 90's that some of us might be missing!"
76561198119689771,Recommended,248310,11442315,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,komi,Worth the money. 11/10
,Recommended,248310,28135972,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,eat my short,yes
76561198285026879,Recommended,248310,21537545,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Jack Spedicy 2,I recommend this game to people who like Sonic.I has a really good story plot and gameplay.
,Recommended,248310,13974936,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,YanisAbdellioui,"Are you into retro platformers, brilliant music, Epic bosses, likeable characters, beautiful level design and just in all, good gameplay.THEN BUY THIS GAME, IT IS WORTH THE FULL PRICE!!!No but seriously, this game is worth it, also being a love letter to sonic fans, while changing enough to be orignal as well. I don't want to get to much into the story, knowing people already have, all you need to know is that it is worth every penny, and we should give the developers more incitive to make more games like these. Like I said before, great characters that you just can't help love, well depending on your preference anyway, epic music, great level design, fantastic bosses, super satisfying, great replay value and just all around a great game to a genre I feared was lost under all the shooters and other gritty crap we're getting now a days."
,Recommended,248310,11424848,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,AnimeIRL,sanic's a girl?!?
,Recommended,248310,29783656,Posted: 8 February,all,Magearna,"What Shovel Knight is for the NES era, Freedom Planet is a love letter to anyone who grew up with the SEGA Genesis. Do yourself a favor and pick this game up."
,Recommended,248310,11516728,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Iclucian Dance,"Solid retro-style platformer. I regret not having a controller to play through this game, and will definitely replay it once I buy a new one. The levels are colorful with great background music, and each level has its own gimmick gameplay-wise to keep the experience fresh. The boss fights are unforgiving yet not impossible. This game really captures the feeling of old-school gaming, but also includes some new-school elements such as the high-quality soundtrack and voice acting."
,Recommended,248310,27731961,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TheLupineOne,"Carol Tea: total hero. Attitude packed tomboy wildcat riding a gravity-defying motorcycle, carrying a massive sense of style. Nuff said."
,Recommended,248310,27776156,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Adahan,It's the Sega Genesis game I never knew I wanted.
,Recommended,248310,11449886,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,DeadlyLampshade,"This is easily the best retro indie platformer I've ever played. Almost everything about this game is awesome.My only complaints can be leveled at the current difficulty spike issues, and the story plus voice acting in general, What is the name of the planet? Some details go unexplained, and in this game which tries pretty heavily to have a world and a story, it seems pretty slack.At any rate, try the demo on their website, if you enjoy it, perhaps pick it up sometime."
,Recommended,248310,22778511,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,ChronoCavTV,"Such a wonderful indie 2D platformer that mixes up Sonic, Mega Man, and Gunstar Heroes. I liked the story for Lilac, and Carol, including the Milla Adventure Mode pushed out live in the current update. They're all amazing, funny, and unique in many ways. The three characters I've played were amazing as they have a wide variety of gameplay style depending on how the levels are explored. Speaking of levels, they look great and unique. Lush environments in some levels give a nice feel to push nostalgia to its limits for them. The sound and music are really great, can't get tired of hearing them ingame as the soundtrack is awesome. I personally love Aqua Tunnel and Pangu Lagoon's music. Controls are really easy to use between keyboard and gamepad as they're mappable to any button I can customize myself. Bosses are challenging as I go from start to finish regardless of Adventure and Classic Modes when playing as a character. Torque is also a cool character for Classic Mode during the current build. I can't say much more about this game, but GalaxyTrail Games did an awesome job making this game that sold well! I hope they'll be able the finish updating the game with missing content planned for later while they focus on Freedom Planet 2 which is still in development. If you're looking for a 2D platformer that is inspired by retro platformers like Sonic, Mega Man, and Gunstar Heroes, this game is for you if you're fan of either or all of them, and I highly recommend picking this game up! You will love it once you get used to it. RN it's $15, but you can wait until an upcoming sale to pick it up at a lower price. I give this game a 5 out of 5 stars."
,Recommended,248310,27886029,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,XeonDigital,good story
,Recommended,248310,27743170,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Youngoli,"If you're a fan of classic Sonic games or just platformers in general you should definitely get this game. Just do it. The levels are fun, the characters are varied and all interesting. The music is awesome. And the only flaw I can bring up is that the voice acting and story of the game are Sonic fanfiction level. But honestly, with the rest of the game being so great the silly writing felt more charming than annoying. Plus, you can just skip all the cutscenes anyway."
,Recommended,248310,19389589,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,metal_spider,"Let's try to spot who's supposed to be Sonic, Tails, Cream, Blaze and Knuckles in this game that started development roots as a Sonic fangame but went on to become its own entity.The characters control very distinctly from each other and this allows for branching paths that become exclusive to a certain character's movesets. Movement is extremely responsive and caters for high speed gameplay as well as slower segments which require precision platforming.Where it falters is in the stage lengths which go on for a little longer than you'd may expect. Also, bosses at Normal difficulty and above tend to become huge damage sponges towards the latter third of the game. (No shame picking Easy, the 2nd lowest difficulty this game offers.)A decent 16-bit era style platformer which I would peg as Sonic 2.5 rather than Sonic 3.5 or Sonic 4."
,Recommended,248310,22696242,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Demyx,"Beautiful Game. It has tons of awesome animations and really good graphics. In addition to that it has an amazing soundtrack, which creates a for the game fitting athmosphere , and its lots of fun to play. If you are a Sonic/Platformer fan then this is the perfect game for you."
,Recommended,248310,17423367,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Tigeri102,"Gotta say, i'm really enjoying it! it plays well and offers a lot of variety to gameplay. although, i will say this, the levels are VERY long, and the cutscenes are even longer (or at least it feel like it sometimes). that being said, simply playing the game in ""classic"" mode will autoskip every cutscene, so that takes care of that issue. it's a genuinely fun game, well worth picking up!"
,Recommended,248310,17424871,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,OneEyedEkans,"While most ""retro games"" pay homage to the SNES era or NES era of video games, it is not often that we see a game pay tribute to SEGA era of games. But Freedom planet does more than just play like games of the past, this game feels like it's own creation. It has a smooth and intutitive control set that is easy to pick up and levels that go along with your skills. I cannot tell you enough how flawless (which is being said without being hyperbolic) the gameplay feels. The sprite work is actually quite impressive, and overall, the desgin of the game draws you in to a quite charming world. The only draw back is the story, while not a bad story, it is a little hokey, but strangely enough, I actually grew attached to these characters. The frame rate was constantly smooth. And no matter how you wanted to play the game, controller or keypad, the game still felt like it was desgined to that controller. It is one of the few games where once I was done playing it, I went back to play it again. 9/10"
76561197983241416,Recommended,248310,13135704,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Goodtime Goodboy,So charming it kind of hurts. Also a better Sonic game than any Sonic game in years.
76561198114270070,Recommended,248310,13288027,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Shadow Midnight,Great game and worth every penny! It may seem like a rip of the old Sonic games at first but it has lots unique features that clearly make this game amazing.Pros:- All the levels are very different and cool looking.- Every boss including the mini bosses are unique and require a different strategy to beat.- Each of the 3 playable characters are very different to play and fight with.- Decent story with good character voices.- 2 of the bosses were actually really fun even though they were very tough to beat.Cons:- The game is super tough.
76561198020696453,Recommended,248310,13457906,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Veneth,"This is the Sonic the Hedgehog game we've been hoping Sonic Team would make for the last decade.  The gameplay is incredibly good, platforming is spot-on, and the three characters each have different, interesting mechanics.  The plot feels like a saturday morning cartoon, but that's honestly better than what Sonic has pulled off lately anyway.  Soundtrack is pretty good, and the voice acting is impressively high quality.TLDR: If you liked Sonic 3 + Knuckles on the Genesis, BUY THIS."
,Recommended,248310,13931310,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,BlueKaiTheEnd,"It's like a combination of Mischief Makers, Gunstar Heroes, Classic Sonic, and Mega Man. Anyone who has played any of those titles will feel right at home with this one. Freedom Planet has a decent story, great level design and a nice soundtrack.Definitely worth a purchase."
,Recommended,248310,15257719,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,michael-maryn,"please play this game, you have no idea what your missing out on"
,Recommended,248310,15488170,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,RykusRambles,Fan-♥♥♥♥ing-Tastic!
76561197966536640,Recommended,248310,16224515,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Jimbo8472,"My inner 10 year old is smiling, these guys did an amazing job. I cant wait to see what other games the crew make. :)buy this game guys, its epic and the sound track is awesome!"
,Recommended,248310,16487399,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Samurai-Sloth,"In my recommendation of Shovel Knight I said it was a ""homage to the games of olden times,"" & I could say the same about Freedom Planet. But, while Shovel Knight was clearly influenced by the games on Nintendo's systems: Megaman, Mario, Castlevania & the like. Freedom Planet is clearly influenced by Sega, chiefly Sonic the Hedgehog. It's a platformer focused on maintaining speed & flow. It's fast & fun, definitely worth picking up."
,Recommended,248310,16516184,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Circuit Board,Wonderful callback to the days of the Sega Genesis!
,Recommended,248310,16592773,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Shrouded Wolf,"Are you a fan onf Genesis and Saturn-era Sonic games? Are you sad that Sega never bothered to release a worthy successor to 2D Sonic? Well, boy do we have a game for you!This game is the dictionary definition of ""spiritual successor"". There's moving fast, there's platforming, there are puzzles to solve, there are bosses to defeat, there's a myriad of wild settings, there's a fantastic soundtrack...hell, Lilac's feel even do the spinny thing that Sonic's did. And, all of that is nicely topped off with a story that has a very Cave Story feel to it.Just keep in mind, if all the Sonic you've played is Sega's more modern stuff, there is more to this game than holding right and moving as fast as possible. Much like the Sonic games that inspired this game, while there is plenty of going fast, there are also advantages to exploring the stages and even taking your time on parts of levels.And hell, if nothing else, do remember that picking and playing this game up is basically telling Sega ""♥♥♥♥ you"" in its own little way. So, pick this game up. You won't regret the $15 you dropped on it.Edit: Spelling corrections and additional details."
,Recommended,248310,16833009,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,AmyKittenFox,This game is very interesting. I love how it's like an 8-bit Sonic-like world but it's own sotry and different charaters.
76561198014264090,Recommended,248310,16890237,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Wolvesez,"There were a lot of nastolgic elements with a fresh delivery. I like that typically I wasn't murdered for going through a stage too fast like in classic sonic(instant death traps/pitfalls). The boss fights were fast paced, and accounted for most of my deaths. Unlimited continues lol."
76561197987259972,Recommended,248310,16109494,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,FriedMattato,"Remember when Sonic the Hedgehog was worth playing? Remember good platformers from the Genesis? If you do and loved those games, this is everything you want and more. Absolutely a must-have. This is to Sonic what Shovel Knight was to Mega Man."
76561198090130754,Recommended,248310,16431240,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Cap'n Crunch,"this is a great game like Sonic the Hedgehog(if you're in to that sort of thing)I would rate this game a 10/10,and it has great dialouge, I would recommend this game for sure, and I am a big Sonic fan."
,Recommended,248310,16607655,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Ministro da Saúde,The Sonic game you should buy
,Recommended,248310,16640962,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Stiff Knees,"furiidamu puranetto, emphasis on the furii"
,Recommended,248310,16887316,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Deteno,"I was not prepared for this game. I went in thinking ""Hey, that looks really cute and fun"" and it is but I get farther in- the game lures you with the cuteness and when you're sufficiently complacent it grabs you by the heart and squeezes. This game made me feel so many feelings. I cannot express, but I love it and I love the characters and Lilac's the best. It has been so long since any story made me feel this way."
,Recommended,248310,11422798,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,WaRadius,"Alien cyborg serpent with blasters, rockets and flamethrowers riding a giant robot panther out of ten."
76561198073671725,Recommended,248310,11442767,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Binxy,"Right then where do i start, firstly, this game is gorgeous, its jsut like the hd remakes of original sonics but keeping in the same pixel format and its ruddy gorgeous as well as having some really good level design. Secondly the characters are really really great, the voice actors did a bang up job of playing their characters and you end up getting really attachted to them really quickly as well as the bad guys being likeable for their funny or different portrayals. Thirdly the different play styles for the two main characters Lilac and Carol are brilliant making u rethink the way to go about a level wether to run or fight or dodge ect as well as how to navigate the levels. Fourthly the story is pretty decent, is fairly standard bad guy comes along and steals something, u gota get it back and save the day ect but there is alot of detail added to this world about the the worlds past and characters past making it rich and interesting with how the characters end u interacting with each other. Last but not least, the boss battles. Jesus mother clucking christ these were pretty epic, the first few are easy to introduce you to mechanics ect but after that u can have a really tough time beating them but its mainly because you have to know exactly what u want to do in milli seconds coz one mess up and your dead. (spoilers start) The final boss for example has 3 forms, the first youv already encountered so is relatively easy youd think, but oh no a barrage of missiles tells u otehrwise and shows u this aint a childsplay boss fight, it seriously is sooo difficult i rage quit a few times, only to come back because i wanted to know the ending (spoilers end). the Difficulty of the final boss is evident in that most of the levels i got between 0 deaths and 5 deaths at the most, the final boss however killed me about 30 times as Lilac which is the preffered character to start with as boss battles are a little weasier with her, Where as carol although can be a bit more fun to play during level fights shes not so good on boss battles which is evident for me that i havent been able to beat the final boss with her yet..... All this said though its not bad, it makes the final fight brilliant and hard jsut like it should be and you will rage quit but youl always come back to finish it off. Overall this is a truely BRILLIANT game and i can not recommend this game enough to anyone wether your a fan of the old sonic game or retro games or not it doesnt matter, this game is fun, charming adn utterly brilliant. My game of the year without a shadow of a collauses doubt"
76561198101871550,Recommended,248310,11718951,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Awerdude13,"This game is awesome, and i've had trouble putting it down everyday i've played it"
,Recommended,248310,11819385,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Outset,"This game is a highly respectful nod to the 16-bit era. Imagine what you'd get if you combined gameplay elements of Sonic the Hedgehog, Gunstar Heroes, Super Mario Bros 2 and Mega Man X into a single game. That is Freedom Planet in a nutshell."
76561198011505441,Recommended,248310,12092632,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Torin,"This is a game that surprised me quite a bit, and it was worth every penny!While yes, starting out I couldn't help but compare it to sonic like pretty much everyone, I rather quickly realized I was dealing with a different beast altogether. It's less a jump on things to pop them kinda thing, and more a ""pummel enemies to a pulp"" kinda game that primarily uses attack moves as hit detection rather than collision like most games of the platformer genre. The game also has three characters that each play with their own unique fighting style, and seeing as the enemies don't pull any punches learning how a character flows and the proper combos is pretty much essential.The storyline was simple enough, although it managed to throw a surprising amount of emotions into the later levels (particularly the last zone.)  While I won't say the story was spectacular, the storymode kept me engaged enough. Sadly storymode doesn't differ much depending on which of the two primary characters you pick to play as, although it does give a slight bit of variety to a few levels, particularly the fact the two primary characters have their very own unique level attatched to them.Music was great. 10/10, bought the album.As for replayability, while a second playthrough with the other character might not offer much in the way of story to keep you interested, the fact Carol and Lilac don't exactly move in the same way or have the same moveset means you're going to have to take quite a few situations you encountered in the first playthrough in a completely different way.  Despite knowing how the various bosses work, I've found that bosses I got down perfectly with Lilac were suddenly giving me a lot of trouble again after I switched over to the other character.  Also, if you're the type who enjoys challenges hard mode is quite unforgiving.Now then, problems I've seen. I could say some of the obstacles seem a bit badly designed, but that would be innacurate. As I said, certain terrain types flow a lot more fluidly with certain characters. If the game was made specifically for just one of the characters the flow of the other character would be completely shot and probably seem a bit frustrating.  The main problem I can point out (other than the glitches) isn't so much a problem as something that's a bit irksome. The game defaults onto hard mode, and players who don't exactly want a challenge in their game might find that a bit of a problem. Granted, I personally LOVED the challenge of it so I wouldn't really count that as a black mark.In summary, if you enjoyed the games this was made to pay homage to this game is a must get.  There's no real penalty for failing so just learn the controls at your own pace, enjoy the soundtrack, and have a good time."
76561198107385672,Recommended,248310,12225993,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,TheBetterOffDeadGuy,"I played 5 hours non stop right after purchasing this game. I suppose it is not going to be a big challenge for platform games specialists but anyway I personnally find this game super entertaining and very funny. I recommand it to lovers of 16 bits platform.Maaaaan !! This game is sooooo much fun ! I wouldn't have expected. I would like to see a menu to check all scores that we see in the ending staff roll though.I really find this game excellent and the musics are just terrificly entertaining. If you enjoy the old Sonic and megaman games mechanics but are average gamer at them you may have a lot of fun in this one.This - game - is - EXCELLENT - old sonic games fans, BUY - IT - OR - Harakirwirll' yourselves !! :-D"
76561197973938427,Recommended,248310,13129500,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Shamus the Idiot Shark,"I'm not going to lie I'm surprised I didn't come across this game sooner.First off before I ramble about the game I'll flat out say (for anyone here who is genesis lingual) this game I was almost convinced was made by the Sonic team. It was almost like an orgy of old gen sonic, ristar, gunstar heroes and vectorman had a four-way baby. So I may make a lot of references towards those games because this one brought back a LOT of nostalgia for me.Anyway the game is you playing either Lilac or Carol (and there's another character named Milla but she's only played in classic mode). The story starts off that an alien dictator Brevon (who reminds me of Zinyak from Saints Row IV a little) coming to the planet to kill a king and brainwash his son into doing what he wants (I don't know why he probably could have just invaded but whatever) and [MEANWHILE] Lilac and Carol see a spaceship falling on the planet where they meed Torque whose an alien (but dresses as a duck to not scare locals).Anyway it turns into a big debocal where they have to get several emporers, generals, mayors etc. to join to face Brevon. But in doing so each of the characters run into old aquaintences, trouble with the law, etc. So that being said I'll start off what I think of each component of the game.STORY:Okay surprisingly this game has a decent story. Some of the dialogue is something you've seen before but the characters are identifiable, they're cute and the sequences of the story aren't the stupid ""THIS IS YOUR DESTINY"" cliche, the characters will admit they're scared you'll ♥♥♥♥ up. It's definitly rated G as far as ""if this were a movie"" goes but there were several moments I was like ""DAYAM♥♥♥♥♥♥THAT HAPPENED!"" It does also have a Sonic the Hedgehog vibe to it but it's still a decent story. Whether you're a pupil or an adult the story of the game does grab your attention long enough to where I didn't find myself skipping most of the storyline, there was even a teary moment at the end (but you have to see what it is yourself I'm not spoiling it) (or go to youtube, cuz ♥♥♥♥ you). And if you don't care for the story, lucky you you can just skip it.SOUND:The game for being what reminds me of a Genesis/Super Nintendo funny enough does well with the sound effects, the voice acting (yea it's not just a beep in between dialogues) and music. For this game's genre type I give it an A.CONTROLS: Being that it's only arrows and three buttons you gotta worry about the controls are very fluid and they're timed perfectly. There are several moments that require a combo in each level but they're easy to figure out. And you're going to need to know because quite frankly there are points where sometimes there's no enemies to a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. But you'll know what you're doing by then.GAMEPLAY: Honestly it's fun as hell. It's fast paced (like sonic the hedgehog), there's explosions everywhere (like vectorman/sonic) the combos are fun to use, the bosses are hard as ♥♥♥♥ later in the game, like you literally have to start memorizing their fight pattern like a mother ♥♥♥♥er, and there's difficulties of Casual, Easy, Normal and Hard. I was on Normal, dear God some parts I didn't think I was but it didn't matter this game makes you want to keep going back. The character/enemy/boss varieties are fun and unique too.REPLAY: I'm starting my second campaign with the other character right after the frustration of beating the final boss, I love this game.OVERALL: I personally think this game is worth the try, whether you're thinking about picking it up for a steam sale or just looking for another side scroller to kill time I promise this one you'll find spending a whole day (like I did) beating it. It's also a good nostalgia for old school Genesis and Nintendo players. I like the soundtrack, the characters, the gameplay, everything about this game.The only thing I'll say is I think would harm this game is some people may probably relate it too much to Sonic as if they pretty much ripped off the game, but I noticed in the credits at the end there was a special thanks to a particular Sonic Team (not THE sonic team) but it definitly shows the game was heavily influenced by it, and I believe Ristar, Vectorman and Gunstar Heroes as well. I love it when a game takes elements from others and just makes an awesome game.I give this game an A.Go try it now."
76561198068830148,Recommended,248310,13516986,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,SonicFanRob,"Wow, I was quickly getting bored with the games I had and when I purchased this gem it provided just the challenge that I have been longing for in a platformer without being super unfair. The art style is cutesy and seems very much like a Sonic the Hedgehog and Ristar hybrid gameplay wise with the perfect amount of originality tossed in to it (mostly in the form of the combat but in other ways too). The story is cool too and way more in depth than that you get when grabbing most sidescrollers and while some of the voices I wasn't too fond of I did enjoy the plot that was given to me and the characters got the points across in times of emotion. The combat system is fun and doesn't detract from the platforming, if anything it adds to it immensely and allows you lots of room to improvise with getting through an area. The bosses are a blast to try to beat, while difficult (each one taking myself several attempts to beat), they aren't overly unfair if you know how to work the abilities at your disposal. Overall I'd say it is certainly worth the buy, those who are fans of retro-esque platformers will likely love it since it takes everything from classic high speed platforming games and improves on it ten-fold."
,Recommended,248310,13859073,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,gunsage,"Did you see the screenshots?  What about the trailer?  Okay, it plays exactly as you imagine.  It looks and feels like a Sonic game ripped right from the early 90s direct from the Sega Genesis console, but has voiceovers.  It's almost like Sonic Team and Treasure teamed up to make a masterpiece that never was.  Beautiful."
,Recommended,248310,14759711,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,DPlay,"A simple, not too long, but replayable game in the style of the 16-bit Sonic games. It's not a clone, indeed it plays different than those games.The achievements are mostly hard to get or hard to figure out, while there's also some easier to get achievements.Nice 16-bit pixel graphicsVoice Acting fits the mood (mostly)3 playable Characters, all playing slighly different5 selectable difficulties, incase you need a challenge or you feel like the game is too hard for you.It is worth getting? Definitely yes.Did I mention there's a demo?"
,Recommended,248310,14842703,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Thunderer,"A good ""Sonic"" game finally."
,Recommended,248310,14873863,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,MowgyTU,"Plays like a mash-up of your favorite Sega Genesis platformers, except with more (skippable!) cutscenes."
,Recommended,248310,14924145,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,TahBahFah,Fun and adorable. Classic Sonic made modern with better characters and mechanics. Simply a blast to play and adorable to look at. Not to mention full voice acting with some very talented voice actors and lovable characters with some real depth to them.I would absolutely reccomend.
,Recommended,248310,15040387,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Lasagna The Fighters,I got to ride on a motorcycle.
,Recommended,248310,15156401,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,TechWire,"Fun and can be fast paced depending how you play the game. It has a lot of replay ability and supposedly there is supposed to be an update so you can play as two more characters and not just the three initial ones so hope that happens soon.(Edit after a little more play time)This game man, I usually don't come back to reviews after I type them, but this game man holy crap. This game is really really REALLY fun like when I'm having times of silence I just launch this game up and play for hours. As much as it is a ""sonic"" game, it has it's own unique elements. I don't wanna spoil stuff for this game cause this FREAKING game is more fun in the experience then it is reading through a review. As I said before this game has a lot of replay ability and there is supposed to be an update with two more additional characters and I. CAN'T. WAIT. I wanna play this game again when that update happens and I'm hoping that is sometime soon."
,Recommended,248310,16712947,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,TimberwolfGEO,"On the surface Freedom Planet may seem like a pretty straightforward Sonic the Hedgehog clone, and if it was that'd be fine and dandy, but it's something quite a bit more. It's a celebration of all things Sega Genesis, and feels just as heavily influenced by Treasure's classic game Gunstar Heroes. The colors and sounds will all be instantly familiar with anyone who grew up in the 16-bit days, and what you will find is a beautiful game with fast action, tight controls, gorgeously designed levels that beg to be explored and replayed, cute characters and even a pretty entertaining story with some endearingly camp voice acting. Give it a shot."
76561198041432553,Recommended,248310,16804413,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Aarithian,Better than Sonic
76561198053797376,Recommended,248310,16823394,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,August,"Freedom Planet is an action-platformer that's heavily inspired by Sonic. It has smooth controls, multiple characters to play as, great music, lots of replayability and nice voice acting. I'm normally not a fan of Sonic-ish games but this one I'll highly recommend."
76561198028392518,Recommended,248310,16953506,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,otakonbr,"This gqame is certanly a hidden gem on Steam! It's the Sonic gane SEGA never made.... Amazing 16-bit graphics and a wonderfull soundtrack with a fun, fast-paced gameplay, a surprisingly good story amd a very good voice over, especially the main character. All this make this game a must-have if you are a Sonic fan or a fan of plataformers in general! Amazing!"
,Recommended,248310,16987060,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Zambo Ace,"It's a testament to how good the game actually is that it can remain super fun and enjoyable despite its problems, and the biggest problem in Freedom Planet is how deceptive the game is about it's difficulty.Normal difficulty is well named up until the airship level. Past that, the game gets extremely difficult very quickly. Actually completing the game on normal difficulty requires a high level of skill.If you're a strong platform gamer you'll probably still manage to complete it, but it will absolutely test your skills. Even if you do complete the game, you will likely feel frustrated, as the difficulty comes unexpectedly.There are segments you will not complete on your first try, simply because you can't anticipate the danger. ""Gotcha!"" moments are way too common in the late game.This can be very discouraging at times!If Freedom Planet called normal mode ""hard mode,"" and hard mode ""very hard mode,"" that be an improvement. It'd at least give the player an honest idea of what to expect.I really, really enjoyed Freedom Planet, but it is absolutely not a game I can recommend to everyone.At the very least, I'd advice anyone who isn't confident in their platformer skills to play on Easy difficulty first."
76561197980541527,Recommended,248310,17001652,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Synnono,"If you miss great 16-bit era platformers, or just want to play something fun that was made with care, try this out. It's worth more than what they're asking for. Bring a gamepad!"
,Recommended,248310,17052610,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Alan Tryth,"A callback to an era where Sonic kept up with Mario.  If you're a fan of the old Sonic games, you'll love this."
,Recommended,248310,17307341,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,The Tofu Car,"IntroductionLet me get one thing straight.  I love the Sonic the Hedgehog series, but it hasn't been faring well.  The quality of their games decreased after Sonic Adventure 2, and now it's just mediocre, and don't get me started on Sonic Boom.  Now, when I saw that this was orginally a Sonic fangame, I was skeptical at first, until I played, and saw that it wasn't just based off of Sonic.  Here are my thoughts on this:PROS:+ Controls are smooth.+ Takes influence from other platformers of the '90s era, such as Gunstar Heroes and Megaman X.+ Excellent graphics.+ Has Adventure (Has story) and Classic (no story) modes, so if you don't like the story, you could just play level by level.CONS:-Story is lacking.  Even though this is minor, I had to put it in the cons.-Can glitch at times.RATING: 4/5This game is fun, and might even spark some nostalia."
76561198001483290,Recommended,248310,17443856,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Trigger1080,"Good indie game that isn't nearly recognized as much as it should be, meanwhile an indie franchise that has been done to death and rehashed is far more popular (fnaf).I'll never understand you people."
76561198041324823,Recommended,248310,17452408,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,✪Seifer488,Dont the let hours fool I actually played some of this when i had no internet. I can honestly say this is one the best games I have played in a while. I have had so much fun with this game. I can't remember the last time I had this much fun in a game like this. Yeah the voice acting isnt AAA but heres the best part if you dont wanna hear it you dont have to just choose classic mode(I think i cant remember at the top of my head) And you wont hear any voice acting at all. The music to this game is amazing. Some of the best stuff I've heard in a while. And while the story isnt the best its not the worst either. I seen worse *cough cough* Sonic 06 *cough cough* Overall i would rate this game a 8/10. Some of the best stuff i played and with upcoming free dlc coming up im excited.
,Recommended,248310,17471408,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Cyberdrace,Good sonic clone with a few nice alterations. Especially worth playing if you enjoy slightly cringeworthily voice-acted female cartoon characters.
,Recommended,248310,18786778,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,diginerdster,"It's nostalgic, fun and well written... I honestly couldn't ask for more! ... Voice acting was nice touch to!"
76561198124177844,Recommended,248310,20562858,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Spagett spook victim,"Good story complete with great voice acting.Blood pumping gameplay accompanied by fantastic level design.The graphics are incredible and has some of the best sprite work I have ever seen.And the music, one of my favourite soundtracks in gaming.And multiple characters to play as!We need more games like this, we really do. I can recomend this to any fan of platformers and you'll be very happy with how many Gunstar Heroes shout outs there are."
,Recommended,248310,24400478,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,This Bomb is Samauri Jack,"Holy pineapples! What an amazing game this is! It's the sonic inspired fan game that I truly wished for.I love everything about this game, from the music, to the graphics, to the gameplay, and character development.The few bossess that you fight will be easy. Later on, you'll start to lose a lot of lives as the bossess progressively get tougher and trust me, that sucks asss.At least you get infinite continues after you lose all your lives.I can't find anything wrong with the game as it is so god damn good!The only minor thing is torque's voice. It sounded like he was being voiced through a phone call or something. His voice out of all the characters sound low quality but hey, It's okay.I recommend you buy this game if you're a sonic fan."
76561198102727095,Recommended,248310,13548672,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Kungfujew,"its a fun game that took the best parts from sonic and runs well with them. Its fun challenging and with a great soundtrack. Voice acting threw me off but its actually quite well. Give the demo a try, and see if the game would be for you."
,Recommended,248310,13609662,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Reye,"Let's start with bad things:- No multiplayer (Coop over LAN or on Split screen [26.12.2014] )- Cutscenes are sometimes too long (12min), some of them can be split up into 2 parts with stages betwen themAnd now the good things:- Awesome soundtrack- Solid controls- Nice pixelart- Detailed backgrounds and animations- Secrets hidden throught levels- loveable characters- Interesting story- Great level design- Good voice acting- Every character has it's own style of gameplay (No recolors or copy and paste)- Third party controler supportedResult:Overall the game gets 9/10 (only because of missing multiplayer) from me.Game will also run under these specs with no LAG or slowdown:(IBM ThinkPad T43-2668)CPU: 2.0 GHz Intel Pentium M 760 (1 core)GPU: ATI Mobility Radeon X300 - (PCI Express x16, 64 MB DDR SDRAM + 800MB Shared)RAM: 3GB DDR2 SDRAMNote:I will test the game on slower PC when I get chance (probably with GPU: ATI RAGE XL, CPU: AMD Athlon 700MHz, RAM: 512MB DDR1 )"
,Recommended,248310,13767476,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,KZRSoze,A fun throwback to 16-bit games. Feels like a mix of Sonic and Rocket Knight Adventures. Lots of fun so far :D
,Recommended,248310,15195858,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,GhostkingG1,"Started the game on hard mode.Ended it with 458 deaths, but not a broken spirit.10/10 MurricaIn full seriousness, this is an excellent nod to some of the best Genesis games with a solid mix of platforming and action. The developers made a love letter to those types of games and the stage design is excellent. The bosses are a ton of fun, when they aren't kicking your behind. The characters have that nice old-style game feel, and each of the three playable characters offers a fun, distinct way to play the game to add to the replay value.Honestly, this game is really damn good. The level designs are made in such a way that speed and platforming blend brilliantly and nothing ever outright tricks you into taking damage, all while enemies are not just completely negligible. The soundtrack is excellent, and the visual style blends the best of both old and new.So yeah, furries be damned, play this game if you want a lovingly crafted nod to old games with a nice, modern flair."
,Recommended,248310,16180020,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Casemin,"YEEEEAAAH! FREEDOM PLANET!PLANET OF FREEDOM!ALL THE FREEDOM!...YEAH!This game is to the ""Genesis"", like Shovel Knight is to the ""NES"". Tight controls, awesome bosses, BE-A-UTIFUL gramphics, great soundtrack, Physics defying Motorcycles and more.BUY IT! :DAnd the Soundtrack! :D"
76561197975210321,Recommended,248310,16214999,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,SPeCtator,"Akin to Shovel Knight, which pays homage to the glory of NES games, Freedom Planet is considered one of the finest tributes to Genesis titles. It is said to be a combination of Sonic, Rocket Knight, Ristar and Gunstar Heroes (none of which I've actually played, to be honest).Being a Sonic fangame in the very beginning, Freedom Planet obviously resembles it the most, but mind you, this is not some kind of knock off. Its mechanics mix the elements of speed, combat and exploration in such a way, that you are free to be a runner, fighter or explorer and change your style at your heart's desire.In the core mechanics we have a traditional health system, an actual combat system with a variety of moves and some very forgiving physics that does not aim to hinder your progress, so that you are able to climb any wall as long as your speed is not below walking. Sometimes physics behave really weird to the point that you might think that it is glitching (I'm looking at you, girder see-saw!), but such occurences are very rare and do not lead to anything harmful.The level design offers wide stages, often with multiple paths, and without areas that force you to halt your movement for long. Almost every stage introduces some new element that adds enough diversity to make it feel fresh but not totally different. Graphics is colorful and very well made.It is very worth noting, that the game has no such ""pleasant"" things as random bottomoless pits and wide rows of instakill spikes. Seeing an instakill contraption occurs as often as holidays, and the rare presence of pits is absolutely justified, plus the latter can be easily avoided if you apply just a little common sense and careness. So death here never feels cheap.Another thing deserving mentioning is the lack of yet another traditional staple of running and platforming games - the contact damage. Enemies need to actively attack you to harm you (unless they are covered with spikes or fire). The resulting effect greatly helps the flow, no need to fear that you'll stop dead after colliding with some baddie - they won't stop your running.Movement and combat feel very fluid and responsive, platforming does not induces frustration, and the boss fights - with lots of shapes and sizes, Treasure style - are sure to make your heart beating. Currently there are 3 charming playable characters (with 2 more coming at the end of summer with a free DLC), and all of them are so different, that the only thing they have in common is physics. But you'll have to find out their controls on your own, so if you feel like your character is missing something (How do I Wild Claw?) don't be ashamed to look in one of the guides.So, the game also has a story and full voice acting. Story mode tells the plot mostly through cutscenes between levels. I don't mind these, but for a lot of people they might break the pace (the longest cutscene racks up to 12 minutes). Naturally, not everyone will like these. If you are going for it, then I'd suggest you to relax and follow it like a cartoon of some sorts. Keep in mind, that with these cheesy dialogs and cute and pretty looks, the story is not all sunshine and bunnies, you might be surprised how fast things can get a downer turn. And I'm very pleased to see a dangerous villain that does not f**k around for once. Also, the narrative is mostly focused on your selected character, so you'll miss some plot points on your first playthrough.Voice acting is fairly competent, considering that a sizeable part of the cast are either amateurs or do VA as a hobby. I find the voices mostly fitting, not inducing cringe or annoyance. To each their own though. If you do not want to see any dialogue or story stuff, there is a Classic mode, that skips it altogether. The sounds feel just right, and the music perfectly fits this kind of genre.The last thing I want to mention is the extra little things, that are not necessary, even excessive, but present. From collectibles, to some level elements that you suprisingly can interact with, to the unique animations for hidden blooper dialogs! These all show how developers love their game.If you feel interested after reading this, then you can check the demo available on the dev's sitehere(some sprites and sound are obsolete and old bugs may be present).Overall, Freedom Planet feels like a hidden gem, sadly unnoticed or dismissed for various reasons. Personally, I thoroughly enjoyed it and give it all of my ""YES!"". And if you are looking for a fun high-speed platforming game (or even if you are missing those early days of Sonic), then have a look at this game - it NEEDS your attention."
76561198108736806,Recommended,248310,13597947,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Ryan,"First off, Lilac (Main character) was originally a fan character for sonic.  However she was edited and expanded upon.  Now that thats out of the way, let me give dis game a review.10/10 better than sanic 06 and 14."
76561198074356144,Recommended,248310,13649304,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,luker11,"The game is very similar to the side scrolling sonic the hedgehog games in a lot of ways, your goal is to get from one end to the other, you can either go fast or beat up all the bad guys you come across its up to you.The good points: the sonic fanbase has a sort of competition sort of thing to see who can get through the game the fastest, and this game adds to that meaning it does have a ton of replay value to try to beat your previous timeThere are three choosable characters who do play differently to eachother which is a nice change  to the same character with a different skinThe game has a full story with voice acting, the story is reminicent of the sonic the hedgehog cartoon in the 90's where sonic and gang have to stop the evil robotnic with the sort of fun kid friendly 1990's cheesinessThe badguys are not completly stupid, yes some of them do just follow specific routes but a lot of them do actually try to dodge your attacks and to actually hit you rather than just shooting randomlyThe kickass soundtrackThe bad pointsif you dont like side scrolling platformers, you will not like this, it can be difficult to beat some bosses sometimes and whilst that may be what some people are looking for, I'm sure a few of you will be put off by thisSometimes, in some levels there are badguys that fly past in the background shooting laser blasts and stuff, this can be sometimes distracting although I may just be really bad, but this only happens in a few levels so its not too badGeneral notesThere is a life system, for some reason and you gain lives by collecting crystals, there isnt really any reason for this as if you get a game over you can start from the same check pointThere is no multiplayer, this game screams it could do with multiplayer, wether its just a pvp race or a full on co-op, that could make this game so much betterShould you get this game, sure, why not"
,Recommended,248310,13806114,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Aggro Vulpes,So MANY FEELS! This brings back all the memories I have of old school Sonic the Hedgehog without the staleness of the old design. I love the game and I imagine I'll be finishing this one!
,Recommended,248310,13826014,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,rathowreck,"Enormous levels, catchy music, cute character designs, gorgeous pixel art, perfectly matched level color palettes, forgiving difficulty curve, tons of rewards for exploring, the list of positives goes on.The level of polish and detail in of each of the whopping [VERY MANY] levels and cutscenes speaks directly to the developer's love of 16/32-bit era platformers and of the Sonic franchise. It's not a Sonic clone but you can almost feel the sheer heart poured into this game to make it as faithful to this style of platformer as possible all while maintaining it's own identity and spirit.This is Shovel Knight-levels of quality with nowhere near Shovel Knight-levels of attention. Let's change that!"
,Recommended,248310,13891336,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,G4H | Genoisawesome,"The speed of Sonic with an actually GOOD story.An old-school Sega fan's wet dream, to be honest.Buy this now if you like fast-paced platformers."
76561198036118621,Recommended,248310,14750661,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Mightydubz,"Okay, so... Best.Horrifically kawaii, incredibly Saturday morning cartoon-y, outstandingly retro... Probably one of the best things I've touched for ages.11/10 will make innapropriate furry jokes again"
,Recommended,248310,14848207,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,IPSKRIMSON,Its Freedom planet!!! let's review!nice story: Check!beautiful 16 bit visuals : Check!solid high speed action gamplay : Check!playable characters that stick out from one another: Check!bosses & enemies that freaking explode: Check!awesome soundtrack: Check!rubber duckies: Um..???So is Freedom planet worth your cash... you decide! play the demo!!!....(yes it is.) P.S. make sequel.
,Recommended,248310,14941133,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,OgnarPliskin,"I don't know where to begin. If you're expecting a throwback to 2D Sonic, you have come to the right game. Great level designs, fast-paced action, characters that you will grow to like quickly, epic boss battles against gigantic foes, and one of the best soundtracks I've heard in a game of its kind. I cannot recommend Freedom Planet enough! This is the true throwback to 2D gaming, and if you like Sonic, Mega Man, Gunstar Heroes, this game will take a place in your heart and make you feel like part of its world."
76561198087592736,Recommended,248310,15180239,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Distortion,I have never had such a joy out of a game since current games have become more focused on making movies instead of what they really are. If anyone is a fan or an ex-fan of Sonic the Hedgehog then here's a game to remind you why you became a fan to begin with. Each of the three playable characters feel different enough to keep it feeling fresh even when you do the same level. The only flaws that exsist are extremely minor or unnoticable. I would strongly recommend this one to anyone who reads this review and has a thing for 2D platformers and high speed.My only real issue's were a few problems in cutscenes that made me question the plot a bit. I wont say what to avoid spoiling anything but if the developer asks then I would be fine offering a few suggestions.
,Recommended,248310,15256305,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,DJane,"TL;DR I won't forget any feels that Freedom Planet has given to me. IT WORTH ALL MONEY.I completed the game and i was enjoying it from start till end. I can honestly say, that this game is one of the best games i have ever played. Let me explain:Pros+ Every map is unique. Ff exampe, one map has magic rings to buff up your special attacks which makes it speedrunner map, while another map is filled with hidden cards which are needed to pass through blocked doors.+ Every map has its own unique enemies: From little robotic bazookas to turrets which automaticaly aim at you in any foreshortening and fires non stop to kill (like a darn tf2 sentry).+ A lot of unforgettable bosses! And what amazes me, i did not meet any similar attacks from each other except shooting.+ Magnificent Characters. Every character playstyle is a big difference. I will put them in order:Lilac the Dragon has a special ability to dash through all enemy blockades and has Super-Smash-Bros-like fighting techniques.Carol The Cat is a complex character and she is for neat players. Her attacks is not as powerful as Lilac's, but she can get to places where is hard to get in as Lilac. She attacks as fast as you hit the button. Also she has an ability to jump on walls. Now she might look a difficult character for SOME bosses and easy for other. If you do not like her slow spped, you have to find gasouline. As she get them she picks up `HOLYBADASS! MOTORCYCLE!Milla The Dog (curiously enough not a rabbit) can use shield, blast shield in front of enemies, throw her magical plasma cube, fly like Tailes and dig the earth for getting good stuff (do not put Minecraft joke here). Also she is a greate helper entire game as NPC.As addition, friendly NPCs are very useful in boss fights (only places they appear except one map). Not worse than Elizabeth from Bioshoch infinite.+ Design. I am speechless here. You won't forget any of these characters!+ Story is enjoyable and is put very good. Some scenes look peaceful, some are BRUTAL AND DRAMATIC.+ Good humour. Mayor Zao always has a good jokes in any situations.+ Game is full of suprises. Try to shuffle character select menu or make up 4 save files of Lilac...  you won't regret it.+ Voice acting is pretty well done, even if it is not professional. Big thanks to voice actors!+ AMAZING SOUNDTRACK!? 5 songs at least are enjoyable+ Secrets. There's no retro game that has no secret items to collect.+ Mahjong? No co-op mode. I do not know is it needed here.- Some levels are not fully balanced for some characters.- Millia doesn't have a story line right now (only no story classic mode).- Future update is longing for a year already.I recommend to buy this game. Game is still get updates so why not try out its demo right now?"
76561198087367924,Recommended,248310,15330313,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,The Mighty Matador,"It's the Sonic game you've always wanted.Pros:-Levels are all unique and have their own gimmicks.-Boss fights are fantastic!-Soundtrack is to die for.Cons:-Lilac, Carol, and Mila remind me too much of the Powerpuff Girls, and I'm ok with that.-You're gonna try to spindash once or twice out of habit.-Voice acting and story could of used some work."
,Recommended,248310,15605300,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Arcfire,"This gem is easily one of my favorite games ever. From the soundtrack to the gameplay to the art, this game is definitely worth your time.The soundtrack isoutstanding! It's got to be my favorite soundtrack of anything, ever. Seriously, go buy it.The art style is gorgeous too. The characters' animations are all lifelike and colorful, and the bosses are awe-inspiring. Clearly a lot of work went into all the sprites. There's even a neat little easter egg in the third level where the characters dance!The gameplay is incredibly fun. The levels are huge, with lots of room to explore. This was inspired by Sonic, so expect loop-de-loops and running on walls, but the overall pace isn't as ""go-go-go"" as Sonic is. There are multiple ways to get through any given level, too - so replaying one level can actually feel like exploring a whole new one at times.There are three characters at time of writing, with two more on the way, and all of them have vastly different playstyles. For example, Lilac is speedy and strong, with a double-jump and a speed-boost attack; on the other hand, Carol trades all-out speed for the capability to scale walls, smash enemies with her Wild Kick move, and evenride a motorcycle!The bosses are quite interesting - early on, they're pretty simple, but later on, they get crushingly hard. You have to pay close attention to their attack patterns if you're ever going to survive. The final boss smashed me 25 times before I eventually conquered it - but I enjoyed every second.On the subject of difficulty, there are four modes - Casual, Easy, Normal, and Hard. Casual is easier than easy - you take scarcely any damage, even from the most powerful foes, and your health regenerates to boot. Easy keeps the regenerating health, but you take the same damage as usual; but Hard is brutal at times. If you're looking for a challenge, that'll satisfy alright.While the story is not one of its strong points, with some pacing issues in the cutscenes, there is a ""Classic Mode"" that lets you play through the levels in order without a single cutscene to be seen, if you prefer it that way. Nonetheless, I actually enjoyed the story, despite its cheesy bits.All things considered, Freedom Planet is not without its flaws, but they're few and far between. For a mere $15, it is definitely worth your time and money. What are you doing still reading this?! Go play it and see!tl;dr: This game is absolutely amazing. Go buy it right now."
76561198107801021,Recommended,248310,15630824,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,harpo_rat,This is fun. Really fun. There are bloopers in it that are just halarious.
,Recommended,248310,15676873,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,The_Kingdom,"So this game started off as a fan made sonic game then became it's own game, and I'm glad it did. If you really enjoyed Sonic 1-3 and have been waiting for Sega to go back to that, forget that and just get this game. Of course it's not a total ripoff, there are some added powers and what not obviously, but the game just reminds me of old school sonic. It's pretty challenging, and you get to play as 3 different characters, and every character in this game is very well created. Of course the music and gameplay are amazing as well, I highly recommend this game if you're a big side-scroller platformer fan, game isn't too long but not too short but has a lot of replayability, well worth it!"
76561198079505908,Recommended,248310,16025682,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Sythens,"I actually really enjoyed this game! The story was simple and engaging, the music was exciting. The characters where unique and enjoyable, And its clear a lot of forethought was put into their personalities to make sure each character shines apart from each other.The stage design in the beginning felt rather free flowing, and the gameplay throttles up and down from fast paced to puzzle to keep you on your toes and that mixing up keeps the game from getting too stale.Adding voice overs was a nice touch and really brings a layer of immersion to what is already a fantastic game.As someone who began gaming on a Sega Genesis, this game not only lived up to, but exceeded any expectations I had for it."
76561198060734557,Recommended,248310,16123446,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Grand Wizard Wakka,"Really enjoying this, great voice acting, gameplay dare I say is better than the sonic games these guys definitely did not play and I'm getting pretty invested in the story. Would like to see a sequel at some point"
76561198014096843,Recommended,248310,16343602,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Hippy Treehugger,this is awesome! its like how sonic the hedgehog used to be! platforming goodness with some action.i'm so happy i got this! i feel so old.....i remember how awesome sonic the hedgehog used to be....and how this game is a great replacment for the crap sega ♥♥♥♥♥ out....if any one hasn't noticed. i like the game very much.
,Recommended,248310,16407860,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Quix,"The first few levels are a bit slow, after that it's like someone lit the fuse on a rocket and nothing can stop it. Fast and furious platforming with great boss sections. The voice acting is significantly better that what you get in a Sonic game, which is helarous considering the budget difference. The cut scenes are rather long and numerous, but also quite a bit of fun. The plot is a bit confusing and sometimes makes me wonder if I'm expected to have see some movie beforehand.Overall though, the gameplay is very tight and has some interesting and inventive platforming ideas. Is it like a Sonic game? Only in so much as they're both sidescolling platformers centered around speed, this game has evolved past being a simple clone and is much better for it. And as icing on the cake the animation of the sprites is very endearing."
,Recommended,248310,16486498,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Aurelix,"First off this game feels amazing and satisfying, the looks are great, music  and sound is good, the attention to detail is there, quite really you can see that the developers of this game made it with love and care.People describe it as a better Sonic, i honestly don't think that they are wrong, but you can see some diferent elements, that i honestly dont see it as a better sonic, but as it's own thing.As  levels go, the design is good, but not perfect, you can see that theres diferent pathways on diferent levels for Lilac & Milla, and Carol, but sometimes its not clear, and i dont see it as much of a problem because it forces the players to look arround and use each character's abilities to get to places, it progresively get more challenging and each character has easier times at certain bosses or a nightmare in others, which to me i actually love it.The gameplay of the 3 main characters is diferent from each other, Lilac is very mobile and has alot of ways to attack, and her dash is easly the best move in the game because of the invincibility it gives you, quite your balanced character, Carol is a very ""in-your-face"" character that you have to get in there to deal damage and avoid damage but its dangerous because its not as mobile and her double jump will get you killed more than it will help you on certain boss fights, quite literally her moveset yells: GET GOOD, also her motorcicle is awesome, honestly i dont know how they had the idea of having a motorcicle climb stairs, but y'know... videogames.Milla is sort of a mid-range character, which has alot of ways to do safe damage but in certain scenarios, if you get hit you will die since your health is limited, which to me i find fair since her moves force you to get distance  and aim to your objective and avoid damage while reflecting certain projectiles with her shield.In terms of voice acting... well, i honestly am neutral, i dont mind is as much, because i feel that the voices do fit the characters greatly, but the execution on some scenes feel lacking, specially on Carol when she is crying, it just made me go: ""Carol... you are sad.. why dont you sound sad, SOME EMOTION PLEASE"" and Milla sounds very nasal to me, its almost there, but not quite, while Lilac, is the least flawed, but it does have some awkward lines where you can kinda notice that she is reading the lines but not getting 100% in it, but still her voice fits very well in my opinion.Which is surprising because the other voices.. werent actually flawed if im honest, specially the Magister, his voice is so smooth that i just melted on the chair.The story is quite a common story, but if im honest, it feels from the 90's, very cheesy, and im pretty sure its intentional.Down to the line, this game is great.. the feel, the design, even the voice acting (while its sorta 6/10) made me actually buy it after watching a lets play of it, its just down to the line fun, and the extra stages that you get with each character is a nice touch, to me it's a 8/10 as a game, but a 10/10 as personal enjoyment since this game is what videogames are made for, for fun.Also it's sorta sad that this game isn't getting as much recognition as other indie games, but hey, if you like 2D games, and satisfying gameplay, buy this game, gift it, and have a great o'l time."
,Recommended,248310,16516252,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,var5592,Playing this game is such a thrill. The slowdown during gameplay detracts a little from the experience for me and I'm not sure if it is artificial or the program itself. Play classic mode if you are not interested much in the story.Great work guys and gals at Galaxy
,Recommended,248310,13032425,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Science,No other game has made me want to replay it as much as this one.
76561197998880540,Recommended,248310,13373893,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Maverick Hunter J.,"If you enjoy games like Mega Man, Gunstar Heroes, and the classic Sonic games from the genesis era, this game is for you.  This game has fantasic graphics, good gameplay, a very good story, and a rocking soundtrack.  This game is very fun, but also very challenging at the same time.  Bosses will provide you with a challenge.  I highly recommend this to everyone, fans of old school gamers and new gamers who are looking for a fun time."
,Recommended,248310,13483770,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,BlueBlurRunner,"GalaxyTrail does what SEGA don't!I had more fun playing this game than any other from the past few years. It really felt like an old platformer, with a fantastic story too. Really makes me wonder why SEGA can't do this with Sonic anymore.Hope GalaxyTrail makes a sequel or two. Great job guys. =)"
76561198093259038,Recommended,248310,13512289,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,E102Sigma,It great homage to the 16 bit and 32 bit platformers. It takes those elements that makes them great to begin with and builds upon it. Giving it its own unique identity.
76561197974175388,Recommended,248310,13555210,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Sly J,"Calling this game a clone of Sonic the Hedgehog is a serious disservice. This game is not a clone; it's a love letter, and like most love letters, it expounds on the subject's greatest virtues while downplaying its flaws. Like most love letters, it contains a portion of the heart and soul of its author and is the product of an obsessive infatuation: every ""i"" has been dotted, every ""t"" crossed, and—I suspect—each and every paragraph rewritten again and again until it everything was perfect. Most of all, like only the greatest love letters, Freedom Planet proclaims its love publicly. It may be adressed to the Sega Genesis era of games, but it was intended to be read by everyone.Unlike most love letters, however, one of the main characters is a dragon. Honestly, there's a distinct lack of dragons in most love letters that I've read, but this game fixes that. It also has motorcycles and giant airships. Oh, and aliens! Lots and lots of aliens. So basically Freedom Planet is like the most badass love letter ever written.Highly Recommended."
,Recommended,248310,13705272,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Famoso Pirulei,"Me lembrou os jogos que eu jogava no SNES e Mega Drive, ou seja, ótimo jogo em 2D, com ótimo jogabilidade."
76561198113523405,Recommended,248310,13977371,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Flatfoot148,"This game has quickly skyrocketed into my favorite games list.For one thing, yes. I know it seems like a sonic ripoff, but I assure you, it's much more than that. What I mean is that while it DOES have elements from the Sonic series, i.e: Sonic 1, 2, 3, and ""Sonic and Knuckles"" it also borrows elements from other SNES and Sega Genesis titles. Those elements combined make for one of the best games I've played recently.Diving in one by one, in terms of playable characters, Sash Lilac, to me, derives from Classic Sonic. Hair whips, her Dragon Cyclone, and Dragon Boost make her ideal for blazing through stages with practically no reason to stop. Her personality is very similar to Sonic's with a strong sense of justice and compassion.Carol Tea, with her various claw attacks, her Wild Kick, and her wall jumping abilities, make her unique for close combat. She seems to me, more laid back, a lot like Tails to some extent, but these are just comparisons. Carol is a major tomboy, if it wasn't already obvious.Milla Basset... She's actually one of the more interesting characters to me. Her nature, makes her very likeable. Her abilities, with her Phantom Block and laser make for quite an experience, especially when you combine her moves. That and the upcoming update I've heard about, I can see how Milla came to be. I'm honestly excited for that.The soundtrack, oh man, I love this thing, special mention going to Prince Dail's boss theme, Aqua Tunnel 2, and Fortune Night 2. It's got quite the variety in terms of music genres, and I like that. The bloopers in the cutscenes were pretty funny too, especially the segment where Spade's like ""G****** my coolness."" The level design is really cool too. To me, it follows Sonic 3's formula in terms of act transition. The levels themselves are awesome. and near the end of the game, things get REALLY hectic.Overall, Freedom Planet made for an awesome experience from beginning to end, and I'd love to see more content come out soon. Anyway, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,248310,14006688,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,CalienteSnaidero,"This is one of my favorite indie games of all time, for a variety of reasons. There are a few flaws, but the strengths of the game far outweigh them.ProsGAMEPLAY. This game lets you do what you please. Want to speedrun a course? Go ahead. Want to take time to explore and collect cards and crystals? Knock yourself out. Feel like beating up a bunch of robots or fighting 99 ninjas head on? Yup, you can do that too. Anything. Not only is there an Adventure mode with fully voiced cutscenes and fun story, but you can play in Classic mode and there are time trials as well. Along with achievements, there's a ton of unique gameplay waiting for you in this game.LENGTH. I got this game for half price, and I can definitely say it was 200% worth it. I've already poured 60 hours into it and I've just completed Adventure mode with only one of the characters. Yeah, there's a lot of content packed in here.CHARACTERS. These characters are so much fun. You can play as Lilac, a dragon, Carol, a wildcat, or Milla, a basset hound, each with their own unique powers and weaknesses. They're beautifully designed and a lot of love went into making them.MUSIC. Freedom Planet's OST is on par with the likes of Shovel Knight. It's that good. In fact, the Shovel Knight OST and the Freedom Planet OST are my top two video game soundtracks of 2014.VOICE ACTORS. Now, a lot of people are complaining about the amateur voice actors and their cheesy lines, but I actually really liked the voice acting as well as the animated cutscenes. It added a lot of polish to the game, and if you don't care for story, you can always play in Classic mode. But the voice actors made the game feel complete, and I especially want to credit Spade, Torque, Carol, and Lord Brevon for having great, almost professional voice acting.STORY. This shiz got dark real quick at the beginning, whenLord Brevon beheaded the King of Shuigang in front of his sonBut after that it was pretty lighthearted  and it made me laugh and want to know more. The plot, although interesting, is nothing new. Still, its got a nice vibe to it, and I found the story pleasant but also significant. Reminded me a lot of Sonic SatAM if that rings a bell.Now for the Cons. I really only have one big one:DIFFICULTY. Nuts this game was hard. Really hard. I played on Normal until I reached the Dreadnoughts. Then I dropped to Easy. Then I reached the final Dreanought and dropped to Casual (I have failed as a gamer). While I found the difficulty pretty fair until the Dreadnoughts, I think the game could do with a slight tone down. If you like a challenge, then by all means have a blast. But I did not like having to lower my difficulty just so I could get past a stage.MALE CHARACTERS. This is a small one that will (hopefully!) be fixed with upcoming DLC. As much as I love girls in gaming, I would've loved to play as one of the male characters, like Torque or Spade. My brother (who also played this game with me) wholeheartedly agrees.BUGS. Some minor bugs, but no gamebreakers. Sometimes I'll just fall through the floor and have to restart, but it rarely happens and it's no big deal.WHAT ARE YOU DOING READING THIS LONG AWFUL REVIEW. GO BUY THIS GAME."
,Recommended,248310,14292733,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Autumchild,"This game is super fun.  With the high speed, action packed platforming.  Freedom Planet is totally worth it's price.  It's very rare to find games like this anymore.If you want a game that will give you a challenge, pick this up."
,Recommended,248310,15283355,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Jimjitsu,"I will be honest and say that as much as I love Sonic the Hedgehog, I am not really a big fan of his classic games. I have played all of them (Sonic 1-3), but find them too frustrating, especially when losing all those rings I painstakingly gathered for those special stages from one hit. I know it all comes down to skill in the end, but still...So I was surprised when I bought Freedom Planet and have found myself coming back to play it over and over again.Freedom Planet is unquestionably inspired by Sonic the Hedgehog. It even started out as a fan game but evolved into its own unique experience. I saw this game through a review on YouTube and was really curious from the start, downloading the demo and later buying the full thing. I spoiled nothing save for looking at one stage not included in the demo, but that was it. Everything was a complete blank until I began playing.So with that said, is this game worth the price tag it comes along with? Absolutely!! If you are a fan of Sonic the Hedgehog, then you will most likely enjoy this game. Don't mistake it for a clone, because it is not. Freedom Planet is it's own unique game, adopting sonic mechanics such as high-speed platforming while adding combat, intense boss fights that will have your reflexes tested throughout, and unique play styles that, while subtlety different, don't change your overall experience of the game. The story is fun in my personal opinion, but plays a lot with its tone and pacing, so keep that in mind when you choose story mode. The graphics are really pretty to look at, and the music beautifully captures the atmosphere of the stage you are in.Freedom Planet is definitely a game worth picking up if you are into the 2D platformers, especially if you are a Sonic fan.Also, motorbikes that defy physics altogether. Have fun!!"
76561198096791580,Recommended,248310,12333936,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,ScizorRising,"WARNING: THE FOLLOWING REVIEW CONTAINS SPOILERS...somewhatThis is a true love letter to fans of old-school, 16-bit 2D platformers. Freedom Planet takes the best elements of other retro platformers such as Megaman X and Sonic the Hedgehog and combines them into an extremely fast-paced, and incredibly fun 2D platforming adventure.The stages are massive and are quite lengthy, but they are so incredibly detailed and crammed with alternate paths and hidden goodies that will have you revisiting them either for finding collectables or for speedrunning purposes.The characters all control really smoothly and are very responsive to button imputs. They are all balanced along with having unique abilities that let them travel to different parts of stages. And some characters will visit their own exclusive stages in the story mode.The boss battles are excellently designed as they prove to be challenging and rewarding but not unforgiving.The music is amazing. Every song fits each stage perfectly and the music during the cutscenes in the story is also really good. The music is catchy, upbeat, and are good tunes on their own.The difficulty is gradual as it naturally scales upward, increasing in difficulty the further you are in the story mode.Speaking of which, the story mode itself is done well and does make you feel like you are on an adventure and the game gives you the feeling that you're fighting for freedom. In terms of the tone, with the exception of one VERY dark scene in the middle, the story is light-hearted and the writing is innocent, cute and cheesy. It basically plays out like any ordinary Saturday morning cartoon. Though I will say it is unusal for a 2D platformer to have a story with cutscenes and voice-acting.Unfortunately the voice-acting is not very good. In fact it borderlines on being cringe-worthy at times. Sometimes the voice actors try to sound overly dramatic but it just comes out flat and laughable (I'm looking at you Torque). Maybe that's more of a personal preference but I didn't particularly enjoy the voice acting that much in this game. The only exception to this however is the voice of Brevon, whose voice and acting for that matter is AWESOME!! Everyone else is below-average to meh. Not the worst I've heard and I give the voice actors credit for doing their best, but it's not that good either.However the animation for the characters during gameplay and in the cutscenes is extremely well done. The characters are very expressive and all have unique, emotional and even some humorous animations.So in conclusion, well taking a step back for a second, it's easy to see where Freedom Planet gets its inspiriation from. The selection of multiple characters, each controlling differently and having different paths in the story mode is definitely akin to Sonic 3 & Knuckles' structure. I mean heck almost all stages have a mid-boss and an end boss and both the mid and end stage bosses have their own theme songs. Also the fact that the music changes between the acts of a stage is definitely reminiscent of Sonic 3 & Knuckles. There are also a lot of other Sonic tropes, shall we say, that are quite noticable in the stages such as springs, loop-de-loops and the fact that Lilac's running animation is similar to that of Sonic's running animation. Carol even has a rolling attack that follows the same physics as the rolling ball and spin dash in the classic Sonic games. Though I'm not sure why she has the Megaman X wall jump, huh. The game moves at a very fast pace and it's easy to say that this is just a Sonic clone. To which you wouldn't be completely wrong.However, if the whole ""This game looks like a Sonic clone"" is the one thing that is preventing you from buying this game, then don't you worry. This game may look like a Sonic clone but trust me, put aside any doubts you might have in your mind because Freedom Planet is one hell of a good time. Sure it might not be completely original, but it combines and, in my opinion, improves upon elements of other games and is superior to the old 16-bit style 2D platformers of the Super-Nintendo and Sega Genesis era and mostly importantly the game is just incredibly fun to play. It's $15.00 that you'll love. I give this game the strongest recommendation that I could give to any game as it has become one of my favorite games of all time."
76561197998735054,Recommended,248310,13101869,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,DreadAwk,"This game is fun, the voices are awesome, and even the sprites bring out a lot of emotion for a more limited medium. If I could recommend this more than once, I would.But be warned, there's a difficulty spike. You'll know it when you get to it."
76561198041195703,Recommended,248310,13116398,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Terotrous,"Wow, I really can't recommend this game highly enough.  Freedom Planet may be a fairly shameless Sonic clone, but it's the kind of game we've all been wishing Sega would make for the last 20 years.  Since the end of the Genesis era Sonic games have suffered from a plethora of issues, from poor level design and bad physics to unnecessary padding and everything else in between, but Freedom Planet just nails it on every level.  The controls and physics are perfect, the level design is top notch with a ton of alternate paths through the game's enormous levels, there's multiple playable characters, hidden collectables to hunt for, and a ton of really awesome boss fights.  Oh, and besides all that, the game is also beautifully animated and has great music and voice work, and the story is surprisingly charming.  It's also really long for a game of this type and has free DLC planned.I've probably played at least 500 platformers in my life, and I can safely say this is a very strong contender for top 10.  I just can't believe this kind of incredible quality and polish came out of a first-time developer.  Some people may say that indie games have a lot of good ideas but generally can't quite match the polish and scope of the classics, but this is not applicable here.  This game stands up well against absolutely any game you might wish to compare it to.If you have ever enjoyed a platformer, especially the Genesis Sonic games, you really need to get this game right now."
,Recommended,248310,13124297,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,NDKiwi,"Great game!  The 1st time I turned it on I enjoyed it for 2.5 hours straight and I've still only played with 1 character (love that motorcycle).  There are Mid-Bosses, Hard bosses, easy bosses, and nameless joes that still cause me to lose a little HP.  In the end this game seems like what would happen if tails paired up with Sparkster instead of Sonic ."
76561198071425679,Recommended,248310,13290320,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,sam.lipani,IN YOUR FACE SEGA!
,Recommended,248310,13373122,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Robin E,"The game is a great mix of classic Sonic and Megaman X gameplay with an awesome OST to boot. Though I would recommend to start the game on ""classic"". The story is pretty bad and quite cringe worthy. If you don't care about melodrama with sonic fan characters.“they are sonic fan character... you can't deny that.” Then play the game on Classic."
76561197998414225,Recommended,248310,13502568,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Etherdrone,"What initially started as a Sonic fan-game, this little gem of a game eventually evolved into its own beast. Freedom Planet not only is a love letter to adventure platformers, it is a celebration of the games that made their mark in the industry from the Genesis era.With a lot of heart and love for the games that inspired it, Freedom Planet is a title that every person that loves platformers and adventure should consider picking it up. So many little things that were not necessary to be included also help turn this game not only into a great game, but a very special one that shines; there's dancing! Roulettes! Benches! A gorgeous, expertly-crafted soundtrack! Voice acting! Metal Gear references!Seriously, this game is incredible. It fully ears all the respect that it acquired, and I truly hope to see more from Galaxy Trail."
76561198097294350,Recommended,248310,13536714,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Jcooldude02,"this game is AMAZING. i totally recommend it to people who loved the 2D Sonic Games. it has a great story, great characters and great gameplay. i think you should buy this game. you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,248310,13540321,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,[HDF] SnowBall,"If you like old school games, play this.If you like platformers, play this.If you like Sonic games, play this and realise this is the closest thing there's been to a Sonic game in ages.The game is expertly crafted and feels like a game straight out of the 16 bit era. The visuals are excellent, the art design for the characters and levels are all very inspiring, and the gameplay is extremely tight. I really dont think that there's anything negative to say here. I just know this is essentially the Sonic game I've been waiting years and years for. I genuinely hope there will be sequels, as this is a franchise that could have lots and lots of potential!EDIT: I'd like to made one amendment to my review. Upon completion of the game I have one more gripe to add. The later bosses of the game start to have an extreme difficulty spike, and part of this is due to how the bosses are paced. Some of the bosses start to resemble bullet hell games, and rarely back off of the pacing. Some of the end bosses can be frustratingly difficult, especially when measured against the difficulty of the levels themselves.Original Score: 9/10Amended Score: 8/10"
76561198045442671,Recommended,248310,13579081,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,TrinJeto,"One of the best games I played in a while. This is definitely a hidden gem. It makes me sad that nobody knows that this game exists. Thank goodness my friend told me about this game because when I saw it, I loved it instantly. Here's why this game is SEVERELY UNDERRATED:POSITIVES:- Interesting, addicting, and unique gameplay inspired by the classics. A Sonic-like feel to it, but with a mixture of more action.- MUSIC IS--HOLY SMOKES GOD-TIER AMAZING!- Three characters to play as, each with unique traits to use during the game. Each character's gameplay is refreshing and different!- Story is surprisngly good and engaging. Fleshes out characters and makes you have feelings toward them during their struggle to defeat Lord Brevon.- Voice acting is surprisingly good!- Levels are creative and well-paced. Each level has features that the characters can take advantage of.- ACHIEVEMENTS!- Able to play the story mode in two different perspectives by picking either Lilac or Carol- Encourages player to explore or speed-run through the stages!- Boss fights are amazing- Game presents a challenge as you go through higher levels- ""Future content is planned! We'll be continuously adding new features, and any future DLC we include will be free of charge""NEGATIVES:- NO MILLA STORY MODE :( (Yet?)I really can't think of any more negatives. The game is that good. I would even say that this game is better than Sonic 3 and Knuckles and I'm a Sonic fan. What an experience this game was. Do yourself a favor! Play this game and see for yourself! Hell, if you wanna be on the safe side, play the demo. You'll thank me later. :)"
76561198028326815,Recommended,248310,13602741,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,MALayhee700,"Not a long review, simply amazing and BUY BUY BUY this game at full price now! I got it on sale, but it's a $20 game in my book and destroys the AAA $60 games of 2014 and even as of recent years.I didn't grow up in the NES/NES era. But being a young kid in the late 90s and early 00s I played platformers all the time and this game brings you back to those simple times when it was just you and your 2D graphics with challenging platforming. This isn't just some casual indie game. You can tell the devs poured their souls into making this game as perfect as they could.Pros+Graphics are timeless and it feels like something on the PS1+Sonic and Mega Man X gameplay fused perfectly, Lilac, Carol and Milla all are distinct from each other+Soundtrack gets the blood flowing+Sure you have unlimited lives, but achievement hunters will be challenged by not dying at all+The story mode gets complaints, but for a side scroller, it works+ You're playing a saturday morning cartoon, who doesn't want that?+No cheap deaths or game breaking bugs+I didn't hate one boss fight, all are awesome. yes, you will die from learning attack paterns. But these bosses of course can be beaten.. Git gooodcons-I wish I did have lives, I know it's just for fun, but I want to be alarmed and on my foot like dying matters in a gameThat's my only con, that the game has unlimited continues.Buy this game, what the hell are you doing not buying it?!"
,Recommended,248310,13700570,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,DoodleQuik,"The levels are great, the graphics and music are SUPERB, and the gameplay is fast and fluent. The voice acting is decent enough and the story is alright. (NOTE: The story and voice acting can differ in opinion for some people. I see it as fine though.)"
,Recommended,248310,13703270,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Kyurem,"This game takes anyone back to the good days of Sonic The Hedgehog (Before Sonic '06/Sonic Boom). It has great music with some really nice gameplay and beautiful scenery. It controls well and any glitches in the game are usually are not noticible. The Boss fights are epic (except when you spam Carol's Wild Kick) and the stages are really well done. Its recomended before playing that you must determine how good you will be before playing on normal or higher because this game can be very difficult and frustrating, luckily there are four gamemodes to help with the difficulty if you find a moment too challenging: Hard, Normal, Easy, and Casual. This makes the new sonic games look like complete and total trash (with some exceptions), but either way this is a great game that anyone should give a chance."
,Recommended,248310,13754927,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Maxi,"If Sega remembered how to make a good Sonic game, it would be something like this."
,Recommended,248310,13802545,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,SinKillerJ Tachikawa,"Freedom Planet takes everything that was great about the Genesis era, shoves it in the blender, and somehow manages to make it even more awesome than when it went in. On top of that it brings new ideas to the table, just the right amount of difficulty, and a very very nice storyline. If you love Genesis era games, you owe it to yourself to get this game."
76561197995717893,Recommended,248310,13802752,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Äkira,"Fun gameplay, polished mechanics, likeable characters it's like every triple A game companies dream come true. Why are you still reading go play this already."
76561197973309378,Recommended,248310,13803301,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Lothar Hex,"Has the quality of the last few years of Sonic games got you pining for the days of yore? When all you needed from a plot was ""Robotnik is a bad man, Sonic is a good hedgehog, they fight."" And when the gameplay mainly consisted of going to the right and saving critters? This game scratches that itch but also has some additions to the formula that make it the game many have wanted since Sonic 3 & Knuckles. Take control of 3 characters who play similarly, yet have their own unique abilities  beat up robots, run fast and fight some incredible, difficult, yet fair bosses.  Enjoy a plot that while does have its fair amount of clichés does draw you in more than anything involving bestiality. Fight a snake boss that doesn't have a ridiculous name (""Lyric"" Sega...for a villain? Really?). And have that most fleeting of thing missing from a Sonic game...FUN.I picked this game up for 50% off in the Steam Sale and feel like I short changed the developer and would gladly pay full price for it. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,248310,13856598,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,DarkEco,"THE BEST SONIC GAME NEVER MADE - 8/10I've put a lot of thought into this review to keep it unbiased and critical, so please enjoy.Now i'm gonna just throw this out there; I'm a huge retro 'Sonic the Hedgehog' fan. At two years old it was the first game i remember playing, and it's always firmly been my favourite series of games. I will forever praise it as being a technological marvel  with top notch gameplay that holds up to this very day. Nothing will ever replace that 70% of my heart that is owned by Sonic 3 & Knuckles. Nothing. But even after all this -Freedom Planet is better. And it sure as hell ain't a Sonic clone.It's an absolute gem of a game that needs far more recognition than it currently has. The story, characters, visuals and music are all very reminiscent of a saturday morning cartoon. It's the first thing that sprang to mind with it's cheesy dialogue, narrator and it's typical bad guy trying to take over the universe storyline. You just need to watch the trailer to understand what i'm taking about, it's dripping with the stuff you most likely loved as a kid. I've heard people complain that the dialogue is awful but i don't think they quite understand the design choice here. The story plays a far larger part of the game here than in most 2D platformers. There are cutscenes and even dialogue during some levels, and it's all really fantastic to watch IMO, but if that's not your thing and you want to get straight into the action you can play on Classic mode, which removes all cutscenes and leaves you with a typical 2D platformer level after level progression.The soundtrack is the best i've heard since Shovel Knight, it fits perectly with the world and the games pace. I would recommend searching 'Fortune Night Act 2' on Youtube (my personal favourite, because guitars). It doesn't loop for some reason in the game though, which is kinda weird.www.youtube.com/watch?v=LkggMLlR2RUThe visuals in the game are fanastic, incredibly detailed pixel art. The world is beautifully designed and every area feels very different from the last. It keeps you interested throughout and doesn't feel stale. You won't always be playing the same levels though. There are three different story routes you can take, one for each character, and some of the levels are unique to certain characters, which brings me on to the most important part; THE GAMEPLAY.As i mentioned there are multiple characters you can play as, and they all play rather differently. You've got the love child of Sonic and Rocketknight, 'Lilac the Dragon', who will probably be most peoples favourite. Her gameplay is more focused on speed, using a Rocketknight style boost mechanic to allow nice fluid action. You've got 'Carol the Wildcat' who can climb on walls and ride a motorbike. The motor bike allows her to rival Lilacs speed but is only available as a pickup. And finally there's 'Milla the...ummm, psychic dog?'. Not quite sure,of that one. She has the slowest gameplay and her levels are more about puzzle solving. I've not played much of her story yet so i can't fully comment. All characters have fast and intense gameplay, just some more than others. Combat is incredibly fun as well, you dont' jump on enemies heads, you have a number of attacks unique to each character. Lilac can boost into enemies, spin around in a flurry or perform punch and kick combos. Carol is more focus on her punch and kick combos being a martial artist, and can also use her motorbike to flatten enemies. Milla can shoot blasts of psychic energy at her foes making her gameplay more Megaman-esque. There is a lot of replayability here when it comes to trying different characters. The bosses are also incredibly tough to beat, even once you've figured out their patterns. They are very well designed, fast paced and so challenging that beating them feels like such an achievement. They will kill you a lot but it never feels cheap, there is always a pattern to learn.So i've praised this game to the high heavens, but it of course has its flaws, which mainly come in the category of level design and physics. You see, these levels are huge. So incredibly big that you can imagine a lot of the art assets are reused over and over, so a lot of the time it's very difficult to know exactly where you are in a level, even after playing it numerous times. Now this wouldn't be a problem at all, it's great that every time you play it you could find a different route that you don't recognise, but they've done something that just doesn't work harmoniously with this mish-mashy level design, and that's collectible hunting. Now this in no way ruins the game itself, it's completely optional and mainly for the achievement i reckon, but that's another thing that makes it a bit flimsy, ""it's mainly for an achievement"". The player has to find 10 hidden cards throughout each level and as you can imagine when there are huge levels with kinda similar looking areas this is going to be no easy feat. It's a minor gripe though since it's completely optional. As for the physics, they're a little bit broken, but not in any way that will ruin your game experience. Example being if you jump upwards towards a sloped ceiling you'll automatically start running on it, which is kinda weird. Also in a similar fashion to Sonic 4 you can just walk up vertical walls and don't have to be going at full speed. I also find it far too easy to lose momentum. It doesn't take long running up a vertical slope before you start lightly jogging, no matter how fast you approach it. Also on the subject of momentum, hitting a wall spring that sends you in the opposite direction feels like more of a hindrance than anything. This is because after hitting a spring there is no window where control is taken from you by the game. If you don't immediately push the analog stick to run in the opposite direction then you'll come to a grinding halt. It really is a pain that could be easily sorted by not allowing player input to affect the character after hitting a spring, even just for a seond so the player has time to get to grips with the changed direction. Finally the lives system is utterly useless and i don't understand why it's there. As far as i can see if you lose all your lives you aren't penalised in any way, you're not even thrown back to the start of the level, you still start at the last checkpoint. This also renders a lot of other things useless, like the incentive to actually get lives and the need to win them in the bonus rounds. It's an incredibly weird design choice, but again doesn't ruin the overall experience.Other than those three things there's nothing really bad i can say about this game. I would say it's exactly what i needed to play amidst the flood of goat simulation, bread simulation, breathing simulation, simulation simulation and Amnesia clones that are being mass produced in the PewDieBait factory. A lot of love has been put into this game, similarly to Shovel Knight, and it really is the most essential ingredient in game design from my perspective. You can tell that making money is secondary to the devs. It's a game that's completely from the heart, made with 70% heart i'd say, and it's that 70% that makes these games turn out so wonderfully.THANK YOU, GALAXYTRAIL!"
,Recommended,248310,13946533,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Pezent xd Gamekit.com,"At first run, at least for me. The game might be a little hard when it comes to controlls. Z=Jump X=Attack C=Dash and controlling with arrow keys. It's not that the controlls are bad it's just that i'm not that used to it. The game is so far really good and I look forward to see the rest of the story. The gameplay is good, the soundtrack is good, and the characters is really well designed. I'd rate it: 9 Purple sparkly dragons /10"
,Recommended,248310,13972705,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Isaac,"I have a few pros and cons about this game.Pros: Great Story,Well made sprites, and does the essential goal that Sonic Team used to do, but Galaxy Trail has done it 10 times better.Cons: You can not play as Spade or Torque, and are only given Female choices which, as a guy, makes it a little more difficult to be as into the story as I normally would with a male character option, They do not have a 2 player multiplayer mode, which I think would be great, since the storylines seperate and cross and it would make it much better if it was added.My personal Rating: 9/10 just because these cons have not been fixed, when I am given the option to play as a male, It will be 10/10"
76561198202458160,Recommended,248310,15080594,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,hatsune miku,"It has great music, graphics, and gameplay. Also it's funny."
,Recommended,248310,15265730,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,OOT! SHOOT!,"IMO one of the best platformers to come out in many years. Similar to Sonic in that there's a lot of emphasis on learning the quickest paths and beating levels as fast as you can, but there's also more focus on combat and the level design lends itself to more exploration with plenty of secrets to be found.There are 3 characters to choose from(with 2 additional ones on their way as free DLC) that each play differently so you can choose depending on if you want to go for speed or combat etc. Probably my favorite part of this game would be the boss battles, which are some of the best Iv'e seen in any 2D platformer and it also helps that the music is killer."
76561198062270676,Recommended,248310,15363610,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Your Worst Daydream,"TL:DR: If liked Sonic games on the Sega Genesis, you'll probably like this one too.This is a fun, colorful, fast-paced platformer that would be well at home on a Sega Genesis... but it's not a total copy of Sonic... just mostly. You can play as one of three anthropormorphic animals in a quest to save the world from an evil space alien. The controls are tight and responsive and each character has their own unique powers and abilities.The music track is fun and enjoyable, and brings extra life to each bright and colorful stage. Unlike Sonic boss fights, the boss fights in this game are more reminiscent of Gunstar Heroes where you need to learn the boss's pattern or you will die and die and die again. The old graphic style of the game meshes well with the gameplay and it really feels like I am playing on a genesis. Unlike old Sonic gmaes, this game has fully voiced and animated cutscenes all of which deliver a decent performance. However in a fit a brillant design, you can opt to skip the cutscenes at any time or play the game without cutscenes at all. There are unlockables to be collected in the levels and speed running achievements that encourge you go faster with each replay. This is a delightful platformer that is worth every penny."
,Recommended,248310,15458781,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Jules Winnfield,"I really liked this game. It looks like a Sonic clone at first, but is more than different enough to be its own game. I have only finished one of the stories and I loved it. The only part that frustrated me was that some parts of the final stage were very difficult. I went through almost 20 retries before I had to go back and turn down the difficulty. This isn't a gripe as I understand that this game is very arcadey and is meant to be challenging, just a word of warning for people who don't like difficult games like Shovel Knight or Dark Souls. DIfficult in the sense that you will die many times to get through one part. The third character isn't in yet, she will be in a future update.Has a ton of replayability. Definetely worth the 15 dosh I had to spend to get it."
76561198123902786,Recommended,248310,15631643,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,MoonMoon,Fun and challenging
,Recommended,248310,15705581,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,gg8 | bh,"OMG!!!!   If you miss the Sega days, then this is the game that you need to buy.  The key to this game is the nostalgia factor, and I am being a bit subjective.  But I feel that this is the point of Freedom Planet.The gameplay is solid, and serves as a reminder to how simple things can be incredible with a dash of innovation.  I did a video review of the game for a youtube channel, which helps convey my opinions about Freedom Planet.https://youtu.be/nRd-X97sRNI"
76561198037461860,Recommended,248310,15785961,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Fidget,"I've heard a lot of complaints about the voice acting, but it's some of the best in my memory."
76561198117901730,Recommended,248310,15847331,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,☭ Ɉλ©Ҡ ☭,"An amazing platformer with great level design and awesome boss fights, all with a fantastic soundtrack. It looks a lot like Sonic and obviously took a lot of inspiration from it, but it certainly doesn't feel like a clone (btw, I finished Sonic 1 and 2 and didn't really like them, but I really enjoyed Freedom Planet, and this is a game that doesn't rely on Genesis nostalgia to seem great). To experience it for yourself, you can try out the demo."
76561197999843864,Recommended,248310,15889866,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Gouda Takeo,"Simply put, ""Freedom Planet"" achieves what SEGA failed to do for many years - Giving the fans a high paced 2D Platform game that takes us back to the early 90s. ""Freedom Planet"" not only achieved this, but also added more elements and make this game more than meets the eyes. In a way this is a 3 in one game since we have 3 charactersLilac the dragon lady - who looks very Sonic like and play like Sonic but with ability to do hovering air attack (Cyclone) and Dive Kick. Very self explanatory.Carol the cat - I am not entirely sure what her game mechanic but I guess its influenced by Batman NES (without gadgets) and numerous 80 to 90s games. Someone may have the answer out there.Milla the hound's gameplay reminds me of Yume Kōjō: Doki Doki Panic / Mario 2 and Chip and Dale Rescue Rangers. However, she has the ability to turn the green block thing into deflector shield and than energy burst attack. Very nifty indeed and her weakness would be half the health pool.In my personal opinion, I like the voice acting in this game and it gives extra doses of personality for the characters. Granted one can bring up ""The voice acting could be better"", however, a game like this gives perfect platform for newer voice actors to perform and practice their craft. That's why I appreciate this game and wish I helped kickstarted it.Final note, you can find Stephen DiDuro's artwork herehttp://spacemanstrife.deviantart.com/. You can see how Lilac evolved from a Sonic fan character to an entity of her own."
76561198031754871,Recommended,248310,16122099,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Tom_Atlus,"Freaking fantastic. Amazing send up to the old 2D sonic games while remaining a standout IP of its own with really cute and fun characters (except Brevon that guy can go screw himself but that's probs intentional). The gameplay is solid and, even if you don't have the money to buy it right now or just want to know more, the website for this game does have a downloadable demo for you to play!"
76561198046195005,Recommended,248310,16179155,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Ringtail,"First off, let me say that I've always considered the classic 2D Sonic games as okay and meh. I liked the concept of a platformer focussed around active movement and light combat, but the little things like the annoying life/ring system just killed it for me. Thankfully, Freedom Planet takes the concept of Sonic the Hedgehog and greatly improves upon it with slight adjustments and new ideas that make it a true spiritual succesor worth experiencing.Gameplay: Basically what you would expect the gameplay is mostly composed of free-running, jumping and getting your hands dirty in a scrappy fight now and then. It's all easy to learn but somewhat difficult to master what with the different factors to keep in mind like the character's magic/stamina bar, the weaknesses of the enemies as well of the current surroundings. The main character: Lilac's style is best described as graceful and practical with attacks and moves that can compliment each other once you've practiced on the first level or two, and Carol is much more adept at fighting than she is running, making her motorcycle power-up all the more entertaining and special once you get one. With their own slight strengths and weaknesses, Freedom Planet is one of the few platformer games with multiple characters in which the characters are noticeably different without one being easier to use. The only complaint I have with the overall gameplay is that you don't really get informed of the character's lesser known abilities. It was longer than I'm proud to admit before I found out that Carol can wall-jump or that Lilac can do her ""cyclone"" while running on the ground. But even this set-back is nothing considering that learning by doing and experimenting is always greatly preferred to the alternative of annoying tutorials and the like.Story: Without wanting to spoil too much, the story starts out small with a hectic ""political conundrum"" and later builds up to a world-threatening catastrophe. Each character has their own personality with fair imperfections that become more noticeable as time goes on. I was surprised at how much subtle emotion was depicted from even the secondary characters who hardly had any screen time. It makes for an interesting set-up and gives just enough context to motivate you to keep moving forward in case the option to just skip the story isn't preferred. The worst things to say about the story is that if you decide to skip even one cutscene then you'll probably feel a bit lost when you get to the next one since a lot tends to happen in such little time, and also that the main characters in the story are so friendly and innocent that it's more than understandable why an older player might get turned away.Anything else: All in all, this is an amazing platformer and an incredible game. It's overflowing with pure entertainment, and I find myself coming back to it more than I ever would've ever guessed when I first made my purchase. I think if anything, my favorite thing about this game is that it has more replay value than 90% of other newly released games. There isn't any doubt in my mind that I'll still be revisiting these wonderful levels five years from now."
76561198045385016,Recommended,248310,16210753,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Ace Mcwolf,"If i could sum up freedom planet in 4 words it would be...not just a throwback.I was a gamer growing up yet i grew up during the playstation era so i never played sonic until a while later.(my first sonic game was sonic heroes.)so this is from the view of a gamer who isn't ""nostalgia blind"" from my younger years.(CAN SOMEONE MAKE A 3D PLATFORMER BASED AROUND SPYRO?HAT IN TIME IS BASED MORE IN MARIO 64 THAN ANYTHING ELSE!)So what is my opinion on freedom planet?I love it,i love it,I LOVE IT.The controls i've never had a problem with,they're fluid and responsive.the levels work brilliantly with the speed aspect much like the early sonic games.(which freedom planet is a throwback to)The story is ok,a little cheesey in places but gets the job done.The characters are well done each with their own playstyle(i'm a carol guy myself.)and their own  point of view in the story,uping the replay value.The soundtrack is one of the best i've heard.(special mention going to fortune night part one)and the pixel art is amazing.So much so this is the first game soundtrack i've bought.check my mini review there if you like.on top of that it's out for the Wii U RIGHT NOW!after coming back down to the (freedom)planet's surface,i have to give freedom planet a 9/10 with a dark wolf seal of epicness.if you're still not sure,then there's a demo to try before you buy.a brillient game for both retro and modern gamers alike.if you want a great platformer with characters you'll love.get freedom planet.-ace the dark wolf"
76561198048065459,Recommended,248310,16273186,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,zen4life,"Although some parts were frustrating for me at the end, since I'm not spectacular at action platformers, I think this is quite possibly the most fun action platformer game that I've ever played, including classics like Sonic and the Mario games. At least for me, this games art style, story, enjoyable characters all with good voice acting, combat done well, enemy variety, story, music, atmosphere, setting, humor, and overall emotional investment the adventure mode allows the player to have with the characters all come together to make a very fun and enjoyable experience.There is some cheesiness in some of the dialogue and story, but in a funny, well placed way. Beyond that, I feel like some of the different moves that can be pulled off can be a little awkward, but it depends on the control setup I suppose. All controls are easily rebindable, as is joystick sensitivity, so I might need to tweak that more, as some of the mild floatiness and jumping precision were probbly on my end, as everything else felt very tight.One of the most fun aspects of the game for me was how much the overall style of presentation encourages a very ""go get 'em"" attitude. The characters can take quite a number of hits before dying, and coupled with the kinds of scenarios that the characters encounter, often the best way to approach a situation is to just dive in and tackle it head on. One of the main themes in this game is the idea of believing in ones self, and not only is this conveyed through the story, but also in the very nature of the gameplay. Many times the character will be dropped into a situation with many enemies closing in on them in a very impromptu way, and though it might seem like a bad situation, if the player believes they can come out of it, and make use of the skills they have, they generally will. It was a very good use of theming through gameplay, and gives the the player a much more meaningful connection to the story in the adventure mode and the characters.The main story isn't that long, but it's well suited for multiple playtroughs, and with different characters to pick from. There are also time attack and training levels to hone one's skills. A single playtrhough can be done in one sitting, especially if the 'classic' mode is chosen without the story. And with that, the adventure mode is just long enough to say what it needs to without overstaying it's welcome.Overall I'd say this is a great game, especially for it's price. I can easily see myself coming back to this game over and over when I feel like a good action platformer, especially since most of the levels can be played as a fast paced speed clear, or a more elaborate maze. It's a great value, and one that I would recommend highly to anyone that like action, adventure, and/or 2D platformer games."
,Recommended,248310,16275029,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),ProsTeam of WaifusKick♥♥♥♥♥musicNo reason ship cut in half explosions
76561198025379456,Recommended,248310,16313695,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Genis94,"Probably the best 2D platformer that has come out in years. It's a shame that it hasn't gotten the same praise as games like Shovel Knight, as it truly deserves it."
,Recommended,248310,16378827,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Skele,"like all great works of art, Freedom Planet started as Sonic the Hedgehog fanfictiona good way to describe this game is that it is to classic Sega what Shovel Knight is to classic Nintendoif you like fast paced platformer-y deals, i highly recommend Freedom Planet. the story isn't super great but everything else is fantastic - the music, the gameplay, and the bosses are all really satisfying. the character designs are pretty good too, and i usually hate these kinds of anthro-type-proto-furries. speaking of characters, there's 3 that you can play as, and they all have totally different gameplay styles.the stages are really well designed and have loads of crazy details that are easy to miss but make the game replayable because there's a ton of ways to get through every level, and all those paths are filled with collectibles. every level has its own dedicated mechanics and enemies that make them all feel unique and fun.basically this game is a glimpse of what might have been if the Sonic Team was run by people who knew how to make video games. it's good 👍"
76561197983843882,Recommended,248310,16381662,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Alpha_Gold,"We've all heard the jokes. Seen the Sonic Cycle chart. For those of you who wondered why it seemed so hard to get it right, someone had gotten it right! This game is a love letter to the Genesis in the same way Shovel Knight was a love letter to the NES. This game takes what made classic Sonic great, speed and the multiplicity of routes that invites replays. Then it adds some more, like platforming based around precision air-boosting.No game is perfect. The voice acting is clunky at times. It shall be a matter of personal opinion whether the supporting cast in this game is more enjoyable than the ever-increasing roster of Sonic’s friends. Luckily, if all you want to do is to blast through levels as a purple dragon girl and not deal with the cast or the plot, classic mode automatically skips the cutscenes.The amount of effort and love that went into this game almost makes me feel guilty for buying it on the Steam Summer Sale. The people behind this game deserve every penny they get and more to encourage this kind of talent."
,Recommended,248310,16383891,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,[VA]Strikes,"*Recommend playing with a ControllerA relaxing take back to just having fun and remembering those Sonic days. The characters bring the game and story to life with very well written dialouge. The only thing that stopped me from playing was a power outage.97% Positive Reviews can't be wrong, and it's certainly worth playing!"
,Recommended,248310,16412765,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Holophone,The last boss killed me 96 times before I beat him. I loved it. This game is incredibly better than any AAA release in todays gaming market.
,Recommended,248310,16420626,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,mrclockwork64,"Sonic Boomed, so here's Freedom Planet. :)"
,Recommended,248310,16528298,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,DyCherii,"At first I thought this game is just a typical Sonic ripoff ...... until I started to play it. The game is fun and not just a Sonic ripoff like I thought at first, it is like Sonic plus Megaman then add a load of awesomeness into it. This game is a real gem."
,Recommended,248310,16543862,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,ramdonperson,"Trailer is pretty accurate.  It's similar to Sonic 3 and Knuckles but with new characters, abilities, levels, bosses, and a (long) storyline.  Also its updated with 2014 game mechanics.  Basically it's pretty awesome if you like classic platformers updated with modern conveniences (save points, more health, game customization, pause menu, less stage memorization and insta-death)."
,Recommended,248310,16560582,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Bustah Wolf,"Holy S%%T okay first off, its a clone game.Shovel Knight, a very well known clone game, for good reasons.Axiom Verge, a very well known clone game,for good reasons.Freedom planet, Probably the best clone game i have played OVER ALL, i cant belive this game isnt as well known as the other 2, because this game isnt as good as sonic the hedgehog, ITS ♥♥♥♥ING BETTER. omfg i cant belive how good this game is, im a very long time hard core sonic fan, i love almost every sonic game. it pains me to say that i like this game more then sonic cd."
76561198020047404,Recommended,248310,16570212,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,br4indead,"I just can't get enough of this game guys!The characters are well writen, the story is interesting and filled with suspense!AND don't you get me started about the music. XDThis game has all the right things going for a 2D platformer and then some!Some awasome classic sonic gameplay with boss battles that don't hold any punches.I hightly recommend this game for anyone who loves classic game styles."
,Recommended,248310,16584351,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Imufur,"This game is amazing, awesome music that makes every boss fight feel epic, sound effects from the old arcade games, cute and funny cutscenes with nice voice acting, characters you get attached to through the story (there is a scene I almost screamed ""nooo, stop!!""), more than one playable character, long levels, I took somewhere between 10 to 20 minutes for some levels but I died a lot, I am near the end by the time I am writing this but it is building up to be an epic ending.my only downside is the charcter scream ""cyclone"" sometimes when you double jump, can get a bit annoying"
,Recommended,248310,16610521,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Tummyache,"A really amazing game, with some awfully cringy cutscenes.At first it seemed strange to have a separate game mode just to remove the cutscenes, but after watching a few of them I understand why.  They are very long and contain some pretty embarassing dialog.  Some people might like it, I imagine it clicks with the die hard anime fans, but it might not be your thing otherwise.Other than that though, a really great game.  It's designed perfectly around having big levels that you blast through in a minute or two without slowing down.  Overall really impressed with the game as a whole."
76561198133543958,Recommended,248310,16611046,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,dick neutral,"I've been a huge Sonic fan since I was a kid. This game brings back all those memories of the blue blur. The story is fine and the voice acting is alright. Although the visuals and the music are superb and the gameplay is where this game really shines. The influences from Sonic are apparent but this is from a clone it paves its own path. Freedom Planet has successfully fullfilled all the sonic needs and wants. Regardless, if you are a big sonic fan or not you can still enjoy the sense of speed and adventure as you tranverse through beautiful landscapes with Lilac and co. in order to save the Planet!"
76561198199961141,Recommended,248310,16625588,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Vans,"This game is quite a gem. Simple story of heroes and friends with great characters. Though evil is present in the story and levels, it always feels like good will triumph. Responsive, fun and fast-paced gameplay that once you get your hands on, you will try to master. Definitely a game worth replaying, and for people looking for challenge, this game also brings that in later levels along with a hard mode."
,Recommended,248310,16663911,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,AxeFish,"If you're a fan of platformers (especially 2D Sonic from which this game obviously took inspiration from) you'll have a blast playing this game.The controls and level design are great. I really like how big the levels are and how much there's to explore in each of them. Some of the later stages and boss battles can also get pretty tough! The music is also great. I pretty much instantly bought the soundtrack.The story and voice acting are a little bit on the weak side of things but thankfully, they don't get in the way of gameplay too much. The cutscenes are easily skippable and there's even a ""classic"" mode where they don't appear at all.Overall, it's just a fun game to play and I'd definately recommend giving it a chance!"
,Recommended,248310,16682958,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,rokku,"This game is pretty much a fan made spiritual sequel to 16-bit Sonic games. If you enjoyed them, then I highly recommend this game! While it is obviously inspired by Sonic, it still plays differently enough to have its own identity. There are three different characters that all play differently. All females, and the main character Lilac really looks like a character that could be from Sonic series. She totally looks like a hedgehog (well, as much as Sonic does), apparently it says she's a dragon.There is a story mode with full voice acting, something I did not expect from a game that uses 16-bit art style, so that's pretty nice. I have to give my respect for the developers and voice actors, for actually making a quite lenghty cutscenes for a retro platformer. For those who don't care about the story there is Classic Mode, which removes all story and cutscenes.But the main thing is that the gameplay is good and fun. Pixel graphics are well done and the music is nice too. Stages are mostly good, but it kinda makes me wish there would be even more possibilites for going fast. Boss fights are mostly good too.The bottom line is that it's a well made retro platformer, and all platformer fans should try it."
,Recommended,248310,16686331,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,ericvondoom,"I will not say that this game is like Sonic the Hedgehog, as so many other fools have said. Sonic is like Ozymandias of the sonnet, a spectre in time who was king, claiming a supremacy that history did not deliver; indeed, the very ruins and vestiges of his empire embarrass his legacy. Freedom Planet plays as new, as it should; it's gameplay of smooth platforming and light combat serve as a model of evolution. It's better than Sonic's best. It is as far removed from Sonic as it is from Pitfall."
76561198041954412,Recommended,248310,16863686,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Madole,if you love to hear play the classic sega genises style games then this game is for you. It has amazing Sonic style of platforming yet the tough bosses of a classic arcade game. I highly recommend you play as all three characters for different levels/gamplay because each person you play as has a unique set of move that are easy to master.one thing that I hope for is a DLC character where you play as Torque. it feels like he can be a playable character to me
76561198032217508,Recommended,248310,16996328,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,ratskul,"This game is a really fluid and well made platformer wich is closest compaired to sonic everything is fluid an works well.... this said the story was bad, and thouse are well words for this game's story."
,Recommended,248310,16987929,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Tasclew,"Super awesome platform game, where you will find yourself in the ages of SNES and Sonic early days. Couldn't stop to be excited at each new stage, with intense and fun boss fights. The music is also great.If you like platforms of any kind, you cannot miss this game!"
76561198153204342,Recommended,248310,16991416,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Mr.Boring,"If you like 2d sonic games stop reading the reviews and buy the game already, that is all"
76561198001407356,Recommended,248310,17002596,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,babytarresque,"Stands on its own as an excellent game (READ:  NOT JUST A SONIC CLONE!).  I went into this expecting a Simple Sonic Clone, but it was on a good Steam Sale and the reviews looked promising so I figured, why not?  What I wasn't expecting was the fresh, original story, very balanced mechanics and tight gameplay that danced that line between challenging enough to feel something was at stake and loose enough to be fun as hell.If you allow yourself to be immersed in the lore they make a little, you'll suddenly find even slaying a lowly baddie feels significant somehow, like it has meaning.  Nothing ever feels just ""slapped in"".   Unlike Sonic, that would have ""Lava level becuase lets do one of those.""  There's a lava themed level tied directly to an alien Foundry that you infiltrate, that was alluded to for its significance to the antagonists and had a reason to exisit beyond ""Here is a Laval Level!"".It is obvious this story was lovingly tended to.  Even secondary characters had moments of significance that surprised me, or that spurned the tropey direction I had assumed they would go in the best way.  I knew they'd done something special when, even after the victory fist in the air at the end of the game I was going ""But what about <redacted> character??  What happened to him?  What's the deal with this Council,  are there other people like Lialac who can literally tear apart sophisticated alien super-tech with their magic energy hair?""  I was both befuddled and hungry for more.Yes it's a fantastical world, yes it leans very hard on some of the good staples of your old Sonic games, but in my opinion, it greatly improves on them too.  Not only is it its own world, but there are subtle moments where I went ""I WISH Sonic games had done this!"", such as the quasi-health bar instead of ""lose all your rings, then die if hit again"" flow-breaking mechanic of the Sonic Games.  Or the fact that, while Lilac can get up to speed, its never to seizure inducing, too fast and hard to follow motion, the pace can feel fast and light but, unlike even the best of Sonic games, at top speeds I can still keep track of♥♥♥♥♥♥This is an indie game doing everything right, and had I payed the full 14 dollars for it, I still would have gotten my money's worth.  However, if you DO see this on sale, grab the soundtrack too, its bloody fantastic and it makes excellent workout/study music!  Nice added bonus there.In conclusion:  Better than all your expectations, don't expect this to rest on the laurels of Sonic or just be a ""Sonic Clone"".  It's not,  its an excellent game fully deserving of its own clout and absolutely worth your time and money if you liked any of those old side-scroller style games.   Two Thumbs way up and Kudos to the Game creators, I hope you guys make more stuff like this soon!"
,Recommended,248310,17019471,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Janus DarkFox,"A very good, very familier sonic like game."
76561197966632480,Recommended,248310,17041490,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,That Vaporeon from Silent Hill,"To say this game is good, is a understatement. Like Sonic, Rocket Knight, and mega man had a awesome baby. Graphics and sound perfectly capture the Genesis era. The music is extraordinarly. The gameplay is pretty similar to classic sonic, plus a few abilities that really spice things up. As someone who could never really get into sonic I'll say this game honestly did do it for me.The biggest downside to this game is the voice acting, and it's at least passable. The story isn't the strongest I've seen, but again it's interesting enough to get the job done, and went in some darker directions then I was expecting. There are also a few movement quirks such as momentum being particularly hard to gain (Wall climbing at slow speeds looks really odd), and horizontal springs not always seeming to work properly (Caused by still holding the movement key?).This is honestly one of the better indie games I've run into, it's pretty darn polished and feels like a professional game. If you are a fan of old sonic, then try this baby out. Even if you aren't a sonic fan, I'd recommend giving the demo a shot.Edit: After dropping another 40 hours into the game I still thoroughly love playing it. And with increased playtime and skill I've discovered my previously mentioned ""movement quirks"" were from player error. Getting better at the game has all but removed them.Edit: Over 100 Hours and still going strong, highly recommended game for speedrunning."
76561198137090181,Recommended,248310,17046833,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Slappy Tuna,"this game nailed it, there is no scale on the face of the planet that can tell you accurately how much time you will spend just exploring every hole and corner. this game is the reason my family thought i was dead or missing for a week, it was that good. 23/jim carrey great game!"
76561197978381846,Recommended,248310,17047496,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Cageymaru,This game is every bit as good as any Sonic the Hedgehog game.
76561197989501311,Recommended,248310,17048397,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Tyranoseanus,"In addition to being a perfect homage to classic sonic games, Freedom Planet stands up well on it's own, with excellent controls, challenging bosses and characters who play differently.We need more games like this.  So many modern platformers have a metroid, mario or megaman type feel, but there are so few good platformers with a sonic type feel.PS: I recomend you play Lilac first for story reasons."
,Recommended,248310,17054306,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Chill_Luna,If Sonic06 was actually finished. 13/10
76561198047809411,Recommended,248310,17055503,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,RainbowofCarnage,It's like Sonic the Hedgehog meets Ristar. If you like either of those games you owe it to yourself to try this game out.
,Recommended,248310,17056635,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Gay Mobile Legends Player,It's refreshing to see a retro styled game that isn't trying to be the hardest game of all time
,Recommended,248310,17060779,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,yuuta yajima,"Freedom Planet is my childhood on steroids.My first game was Sonic 3 bundled with Sonic Mega Collection Plus on the PS2 when I was 3. I was astounded that interactive media besides crappy LeapPad games was available. I dived head-on into the series and it opened my eyes to other games such as MegaMan, Cave Story, and now here.This game is Sonic, meets Gunstar, meets MegaMan. It gave new light to what is a dying beast (In short: Sonic Boom is crap). Fast paced battles meets platforming meets a environment that will leave you on your toes waiting for the next enemy assault or falling boulder, assault car, miniboss, and cutscene.So if you ask me ""do you recommend this game?"", I'd recommend it to someone with a history of the Blue Blur and the Blue Bomber anyday."
,Recommended,248310,17061045,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,MaskedMann,"Is Sonic too mainstream for you?If so,this is the game for you!"
76561198199220210,Recommended,248310,17084924,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Elijah,Green cats drive motercycles 9/10!!!
76561198109223681,Recommended,248310,17089959,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,MonkeyDong,"This game is just awesome, if you like old style plataform games, this game really remind me of sonic games!"
,Recommended,248310,17099765,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,tevish_szat,"If you like Genesis-era Sonic the Hedgehog games, you'll probably enjoy Freedom Planet.  Like the original Sonic games, it's a platformer that rewards high speed as well as precision.  Unlike Sonic, the characters in Freedom Planet have a reserve of life to absorb a little punishment, and special attacks beyond simply new ways to jump onto or roll into enemies (in fact, simply attempting to hop on an enemy's head won't generally hurt it).   The difficulty of the stages is very nice and ramps up over a nice curve, and while some of the bosses are fantastically brutal, they're mostly the ones towards the end of the game.  The game's pretty generous with unmarked checkpoints, too, and as far as I can tell you have unlimited continues.It's not the world's longest game, but then neither was Sonic 2, and Freedom Planet features multiple characters and play modes to add in a little extra value.  What's more, there's actually quite a bit of story, and all of it is fully voice acted, and pretty well voice acted at that.  There's a ton of love and effort that went into this game, and it really shows with how they tell the story (which is, itself, is rather stylized but very good at being what it wants to be and in my opinion wholly enjoyable)."
,Recommended,248310,17115457,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Dr_Fail,"Some of my earliest memories are from playing Sonic 2 on the Sega Genesis, and so when I saw this pop up in the summer sale, I figured it'd be worth a few bucks.  What I wasn't expecting was a flat-out improvement on the 2D Sonic formula in nearly every way, to the point which it's not even really a ""Sonic-clone"".+Huge levels with multiple intersecting paths+3 different characters with very different mobility and combat options (including a unique level and some story differences for each)+Gameplay varies consistently with new obstacles and enemies often enough to not feel repetitive+Challenging, satisfying bosses+Soundtrack and artwork fit the intended style well+Story is simple, but effective at tying together the gameplay experiences (which is the point in this kind of thing)+I like the voice acting, but I've heard others complain so it may be a hit-or-miss situationAlso, it passes the Bechdel Test (for anyone who cares about that)."
76561198040988447,Recommended,248310,17230160,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,TimewarpXD1,If you miss the classic sonic game and wish for something new then this is your game! I freaken love this game and it deserves more attention! heart heart heart heart haert heart heart
76561198014056212,Recommended,248310,17449196,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Aaronbill3 the Llama SalesMan,"Great art style, solid tight controls (with a 360 controller, or the like) and an excellent, fully voice acted story. The only negative would be just how long the cutscenes can be between missions, though they are fully skippable"
76561198021656095,Recommended,248310,17466975,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Bohandas,"It reminds me of classic Sonic the Hedgehog games, but without being overtly derivative"
,Recommended,248310,13115363,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,ECRead,"Say hello to classic Sonic + Alien Soldier. So much love went into this game, and it clearly shows. Super attentive to detail, amazing soundtrack, well written characters and art direction, and just a REALLY good game. 10/10 would get addicted again"
,Recommended,248310,13483165,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Nujabes,This game...THIS GAME Brings back so much nostolgic memories of Sega and SNES platforming its not even funny.Music is off the charts with the hummable tunes it has during the differnt parts of the stage and it changes too!Boss fights are remenecent of Sonic 2/3 and are higly fun and addictingGameplay Mechanics are Fun as heckGraphics like a Hi Rez version of a GBA game but with alot more flair.VOiceovers are really well done and have some cute jokes to fill in the differnt stagesGet it now Since its half off for Christmas you wont regret it
,Recommended,248310,13769893,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Vinra,Note: I just completed this game as Carol who plays differently from Lilac.Damn this is a good game. By selecting hard mode it was very challenging. There was a great blend of platforming and speed running. The production values were simply the best I've played for this genre. The voice acting and music were solid. The level design and enemies made it feel I was adventuring in a world instead of platforming in carefully constructed for gameplay stages. I've heard great things about Donkey Kong Tropical Freeze's environments but I doubt it has a story and impressionable characters like Freedom Planet does. Also each character had a wacky power set that just gave me interesting ways of abusing the game which can be a large part of the fun for some people.I'm looking forward to a sequel and I hope they refine certain aspects that need more tuning. The story would've been fast and simple if the dialogue would keep scrolling without needing to press a button. Next time there needs to be an option for auto completion because it was tedious clicking a button to move onto the next line.The boss battles were a treat but I found the 1 boss in the middle to be completely ineffectual midway through the game and the last 2 boss fights became impossible until I dialed down the difficulty setting from hard to easy. The biggest problem with these boss fights is that as Carol I felt my options to react to Brevon was extremely limited. I've seen videos were Lilac clearly jumps higher and dashes further than Carol. It's little differences like these that most likely made Brevon much harder to hit and avoid being hit. Carol doesn't need to play like Lilac but her ability to double dash mid air should have more directional options instead of being restricted to dashing the opposite direction. Then there is the animation delay between a bunch of her different moves could use tuning as well so pressing buttons on reaction against an enemy with random patterns is feasible.I hope in the future the devs avoid disabling options. It doesn't make much sense to disable looking into the next screen on certain areas of the vertical levels. Having this type of look ahead tool should consistently work throughout the game.Lastly just give a script a few more passes before committing to them. Milla's relationship with the main characters wasn't strongly established for someone we are supposed to feel a strong connection to. If Torque had gone through the same things she did it would've been more emotionally effective.All in all I'm glad I purchased this. I was getting this out of nostalgia purposes but the way everything was put together reminded me in general how much a fun a finely tuned game can be.
,Recommended,248310,13772269,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Vant Talon,"I gotta Say, When i first laid eyes to this , i thought it was just going to be another game of sonic oc's, but now that i've played it. And considering where sonic series it self is head twards. it's sad when fans can make way better games than sega. This feels quite smooth and plays very well, While i haven't gotten too far in, the intro has got me  interested in the story and hope to expect more as i play.  The gameplay feels very remenicant of the old sega genesis era of sonic games with many new features and unique game play elements that makes it feel  great!  I gladly welcome this game as a quite fun and enjoyable experiance."
76561198020307970,Recommended,248310,13808350,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,[ZOMBIE]Cavaleiro,Imagine if Sega didn't screw sonic. This is the best plataformer I played since the 90's.
,Recommended,248310,13968843,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,[RD] Kura_VII,"It plays very like 16 bit sonic. If you have nostalgia for those games you will love this. Its far better than recent sonic games. It has the same momentum build up ""feel"" as those old games which is awesome. It has decent combat, a good range of enemies. I have completed 5 stages so far and there is a good mix of speed and jumping segments including sonic style loops. The boss fights are challenging but not too much. It has a story with dialog and cut scenes, you can skip if you want to. Its a really great game. Especially if you like mega drive sonic but hate the newer games. Best thing I bought this xmas sale easily."
,Recommended,248310,14398300,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,My Name's Paul,Sonic stages with Gunstar Heroes bosses. This game is pretty great! This is no crappy fan-game. These people get what made Sonic fun to begin with!
,Recommended,248310,14535442,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,MillsV2,"How to put a description of Freedom Planet into words...Freedom Planet is honestly one of the best games that I've bought and played in a while.The game mixes platforming and combat perfectly to a point of perfection.The difficulty curve is very smooth as the levels and bosses become harder at a nice and slow pace, yet not too slow.The only complaint that i have for the game is that a few of the bosses have a difficulty spike that it takes quite a few deaths to finally beat them, but the feeling you get after beating them is rewarding and makes the difficulty spike not all that bad.I'd give Freedom Planet a 9.5 out of 10 and I'm really looking forward to the addition of Milla's story, and the Spade and Torque playable characters and their story's."
76561198055412510,Recommended,248310,15057865,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Doommantis,"This is a really fun game to play.  The game has a nice 16-bit look on it's characters and stages.  The music fits in nicely in each stage.  And it's story is good.  If you are in the mood for a new platformer game, or just don't know what to spend your $15 on, this is a game you should pick up and play."
,Recommended,248310,15304828,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,steev,Best sonic game in YEARS
,Recommended,248310,15449037,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Supreme Gentooman,I have an unhealthy obsession with this game.
76561198215473176,Recommended,248310,15549529,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,maxjar2001,"Freedom planet is a nice game to play. The artstyle, the gameplay, the story, you name it, I love it all. Just looking at the trailer for this game, you may think that its another sonic clone, but the gameplay fells kinda different, (In a good way) Nothing is too much the same, but it also doesn't feel like its completely different. With a Sonic-esque design mixed in with new fighting moves and bosses that will just scream Gunstar Heroes, If you like any of those games, you'll like this one!"
76561198021707563,Recommended,248310,16132277,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,BeefPizzle,This game is real good. You should buy it.
,Recommended,248310,16177706,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,BruceSerrano,It's like Sonic and Rocket Knight combined into one game. Mostly Rocket Knight though.
,Recommended,248310,16179549,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,SoulFighterZ,"Freedom Planet is a great game that combines classic Sonic The Hedgehog game play with modern voice acting and story line, while also allowing the option for classic game play without any of the story or voicing. The diverse abilities of Lilac, Carol and Milla are as different from each other as night and day..... and evening.... cuz, three characters.... three times of day..... Yeah.... The admittedly simple controls, and quick-play action with the low quality almost classic Genesis type graphics allows for nice easy play style with little to no lag on any computer. The levels are each designed to bring about some type of challenge, whether it be the stage length and just sticking until the end, a small puzzle to move on, an immense amount of enemies swarming your hide with every step, or a boss who's weakspot is so tough to find that it has you pulling your hair out to find it. In the end, this is a must play game if you like classic Sonic The Hedgehog type games, sidescrollers, epic boss battles, or just want something to play on your free time."
76561198044643811,Recommended,248310,16244815,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,ChaosBreaker56,"The first thing people are going to do when they see this game is compare it to Sonic.  Is this a fair justification?  Yes, and only if you're willing to admit that there are people who make better Sonic games than Sega.  There are two ways to play Freedom Planet.  Story mode, complete with cutscenes, fantastic voice acting, and of course the gameplay, and arcade mode which plays like any 2D Adventure game from the Sega Genesis days.  So just what makes this game so damn fun?First of all, it controls well.  If you're going to have characters platform and do it quickly, they need to be able to control well.  The only thing to say about this is.....NAILED IT.  Yup, the multiple(did I mention that yet?) characters each control very well and navigate through the levels very well.  Taking a nod back to the classic sonic games, each character has their own quirk if you will that will allow them to traverse the level differently, which can lead to different encounters, and more importantly different gameplay mechanics leading to a ridiculously high replay value. Furthermore, the game switches nicely between speed segments, platforming, lite puzzle solving, and combat to keep you interested the whole time.  On top of all this cake, we have the icing, which is very well done boss battles.I am giving this game a lot of praise because I haven't had this much fun with a 2D platformer like this since Sonic 3 & Knuckles.  So, it's been a while.  I love this game and want nothing more than to share with you one of the finest creations this decade.  Freedom Planet gets nothng less than a perfect score.10+/10                 Replay Value: Obnoxiously High"
76561198065356124,Recommended,248310,16370272,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Sensei,Feels like the old classic sonic games... Oh.. the memories.. Havent felt this excited and the rush that runs through my veins when running those loops and etc. 20 / 10 for me.
,Recommended,248310,16397992,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Khaezaid,"This game gives me a nice blast of nostalgia. It reminds me of being a kid playing the original Sonic games on the Sega Genesis. The level design is fun, the bosses are plentiful, and the team obviously spent a lot of time developing characters, story, and doing voice acting. That being said, I do feel like I'm a little older than the target audience. The old school sprites are nicely done, but I do think higher res sprites would look a little better on modern displays. Overall I am pleased with my purchase and would recommend this to fans of the original Sonic games. One of my favorite SteamOS titles so far."
76561198128086419,Recommended,248310,16407702,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,DireCanadian,"If people love Shovel Knight for being a tribute to classic NES platformers, then Freedom Planet derserves the praise of being a love letter to the Sega Genesis and classic Sonic games."
,Recommended,248310,16432344,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Rouch,"Freedom Planet is an extremely fun game. That's practically all you should know. Go play it.Want to hear more? Okay, here it goes.It's Sonic-The-Hedgehog-like game with Megaman parts in witch you run from one end of the level to another. Or you don't and explore surroundings a bit more to find all kinds of hidden spots, witch is fun. You also punch enemies in there. It's fun too. Or you don't and just run past or over them. Still fun. You also fight bosses. All kinds of bosses. AND IT'S FUN.I also must say that visual side of it all is nicely drawn and looks pretty. All levels have their own style and unique look AND architecture.The music is also high quality. I will go this far and say that I love every soundtrack in there.Have I also mentioned that there are several playable characters with their own gameplay styles? No? Well, I just did that.The story is nothing special but it doesn't stay in the way of FUN. Small bits oh humor are also appreciated.Difficulty is adjustive but game is always fare. There are no instant death pits or leaps of faith that will end badly.In conclusion: it's pretty, it's dynamic, it's engaging and very very FUN.GO PLAY AND HAVE FUN."
76561198052262741,Recommended,248310,17008672,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,KGA Nu Matrix,"My first Review of a game on steam has to go to this. Freedom planet is by far the best ""sonic"" game I've played in a long time. The characters are interesting, each with the own set of attacks. I also really like the addition of a story style campaign or ""adventure mode"" allowing you to learn a decent bit about the characters and the world rather than just running straight through old school sonic styleThe only con I've noticed so far is the voice acting which isnt perfect but you can't expect AAA voiceacting from a 15 dollar game so I'm not complainingThe game is generally centered around the female characters and I can see that unfortunately being a deterrant for some, but if you're looking for a nice adaptation of what sonic could and should have been then this is definitely worth your money!"
,Recommended,248310,17048648,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Cpt Charks,"Do you like Sonic? Do you like platformers? No? Then why are you here?Freedom Planet is a swan song to retro platformers of the 90's with heavy influence from the Sonic trilogy. The gameplay is fast and light, the music is fingerlickin' good, and the visuals is so vibrant, Joseph's coat couldn't compare.Must buy for anyone who is a fan of Sonic and want something to wash the taste of Sonic Boom out of their mouth."
,Recommended,248310,17050662,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Can Man Gaming,"The initial comparisons to Sonic the Hedgehog are of course apparent, but trust me when I say...that this game is its own beast, and it's worth it at full price, but is even sweeter if you catch it on sale. I've been in the middle of a full playthrough of this game on my YouTube channel, and yes I'm sure you're probably rolling your eyes at the spam I'm laying down on you, but it's a laid back and funny channel, and it's worth the watch if you want to see what this game is all about, or if you don't want to play it, you can just watch me play it!https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-X1Ijtwf2LN2XRTQ6cphG2lQY_prvB-aThe storyline in this game is unlike any Sonic game, it's deep, emotional, and has plenty of twists to keep you entertained the whole way through. Plus the boss fights are insane...seriously, some of the boss fights will leave you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥beyond reason, but then you'll realize that it's nobody's fault but your own, because the difficulty of this game is just perfect, and everything is in your control.Highly recommended, buy now, and check out my channel.Love,Can Man"
76561198138261117,Recommended,248310,17086933,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,HeavyFermion,"Disclaimer: I have only beaten the game on normal difficulty with Lilac. She plays quite like Sonic before he started taking crack and heroin.If you like the old Sonic games of the 90s this should satisfy you(maybe a small amount of gunstar heros influence).   Varied levels, great soundtrack, likable characters, simply but effective controls. The devlopers put a lot of thought into level design. Often there are multiple paths through the level like the levels of Sonic CDThat being said I have some complaints.  The last third of the game is downright frustraiting, mainly due to the bosses. Some of their high damage attacks offer no tells making them impossible to dodge, other attacks are almost gaurented to hit you if you are not in the right location in the arena ahead of time, which are already way to large, and most bosses move way too fast. I beat them manly by exploiting Lilac's invicibility frames on her special attack.  Take my advice beat it on easy difficulty first to see if it doesn't frustrate you as much as me.I have other nitpicks, but I won't bore anyone reading this.    As I said  if you like the old Sonic games buy this game."
,Recommended,248310,17090732,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,thatfunkysimian,"Essentially this is just like old school 90s Sonic the hedgehog with some fantastic voice over work and cutscenes. Lilac's move set varies drastically to sonic's in that she can punch, and has super moves and a health bar. The retro look works really well here and the bosses are just frustrating enough to make you mad and just simple enough to make sure you can beart them. Had a great time playing this! Recommend for anyone who played Sonic 1 -3 back in the day."
76561198157635221,Recommended,248310,17092405,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,ROCKYWAY10,"love it, the story is well wierd but the gameplay is solid and its amazing completely worth your time"
,Recommended,248310,13286836,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Howling Wind,"This game is 100% nostalgia... And it feels so good! It might look like a Sonic rip-off, but don't judge a book by its cover... It WAS born as a Sonic fanmade game, but along the way it found its own identity and its own gameplay: it's slower, giving you the chance to explore the levels and to fight the enemies rather than rushing and trampling them.The gaming experience is very well balanced, mixing platform-combat-exploration with the right pace, even giving you three characters with different sets of abilities and ways to approach a level .The graphics are beautiful and the music... Oh man, how I missed this kind of tunes! Freedom Planet is a sweet ride to the golden age of 90s games.The only bad thing I found it's the adventure mode... It DOES feel like a bad Sonic fanfiction, the dialogues are poorly written and there are many plot holes and inconguencies... But whatever, it was enjoyable at least. Still, it's better when you just play the levels and enjoy them"
76561198040933692,Recommended,248310,13706223,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,ApathyJesus,"This game gets it right.  Its Sonic 2 without the characters feeling clunky and somewhat unresponsive when not going full speed.  Without that feeling that Sonic had when trying to fight a boss with lead weights in his shoes.  Its everything I went in hoping for, and more.However, just calling it a Sonic clone doesn't do justice to such a lovingly crafted platformer that brings a lot to the table and stands quite strongly on its own two feet.I haven't had this much fun with a platformer probably since I was a kid playing through Super Mario World for the first time.""Cyclone!"""
76561198056103942,Recommended,248310,14536276,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Cinderblaze3,"I don't care if you're a casual gamer, a hard core gamer, an FPS fan, a kawaii gamer, or game hater, you MUST, absolutely MUST play this game. If anyone tries to tell you this is just a cardboard cut-out of old style Sonic, you PUNCH THEM IN THE THROAT! (references!)What's not to love? The characters are colourful (not just literally) loveable, and given amazing voice actors, the story is intriguing, the kind that haunts you to find out what happens, there's unique and extremely challenging boss fights, (although you can use Carol's motorcycle to cheat quite a few of them) fun gameplay, great music, awesome 16-bit visuals, adorable power-up creatures, hilarious easter eggs, and so much more! You name it, Freedom Planet has it. And with expansion content making two of the most developed and bad♥♥♥♥♥male characters in recent game history playable in the story, there's even more reason to try it out!Why are you still reading this? Try it right now!"
,Recommended,248310,15089119,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Wardragcn,"An excellent game: Very reminiscent of the 16-bit era, particularly the Sega Mega Drive/Genesis. Very nostalgic of the classic sonic games, with enough of its own content and additions to make the game fresh. The voice acting is excellent, and the story, although simple, is great. Lord Brevon is an amazing antagonist. The music is great too, which in my opinion, rivals the original Sonic games' music. There are also many collectibles and side minigames such as Mahjong to keep you entertained.If you like the original Sonic games and the 16-bit era, you will enjoy this game a lot."
,Recommended,248310,16478475,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Masked Little Shit,"An impuse buy during the Steam Summer Sale while I was picking up Sonic 2 and Sonic 3 & Knuckles. Over all, I think it's nice and a good buy.The characters are fully voiced which is new to me in games like this, but I will say sometimes they don't sound like they're fully reaching the kind of emotion they are trying to convey but it's still pretty good voice acting in my opinion.I'm not one for graphics but this game looks like it tried to emulate Sonic's early days on the Dreamcast and Megadrive (I later heard that this was origonally a Sonic Fan Game so it's no wonder) and it does a fairly good job of doing that.The game itself plays a lot like a Sonic Game from the ""Classic Era"" especially when one plays as Lilac. As a result I keep trying to spindash when playing. However Lilac's ability that lets her bounce off the walls at high speeds is kind of hard to get a good sense on where you're going to go or even which direction you'll go as sometimes it seems like it doesn't matter.The levels take me a fairly long time to beat but that's not nessicarily a bad thing, there's a fair amount of collectables I could go after if I so choosed and it's fairly liberal with it's checkpoints. Though I do wish there was a visual/audio cue letting me know that I hit a checkpoint, so that I don't have to worry about losing a signifigant amount of progress.The boss battles areimmenselyfun. They are fast paced, straight forward, and give good visual cues when the boss is on it's last leg. However they are a tad unforgiving at times, the boss for Fortune Night has you dodging all many of lasers and explosives causing you to sometimes miss much needed health thrown to you by your allies. That being said I still enjoyed the battles greatly.The music in the game is GREAT, I bought the soundtrack with this game and I'm glad I did. Each one is fitting for the area and tone of the level. As well as the boss music pumping you up for the battle at hand.TL;DRFreedom Planet is a overall fun game that might seem rough around the edges in some areas but is a good buy during a sale."
,Recommended,248310,16573323,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,a_melomaniac,I got fatigued on newer games and started playing with some emulation. I played a lot of Sonic and wanted to see if there was anything modern but close to old-school Sonic. Google lead me to Freedom Planet. I watched their trailer and thought it looked fun. I purchased it and and have just beat the game with Lilac. This game is amazing. It is everything Sonic should have been and I cannot recommend it enough. The game is a very fun platformer and very fast-paced and has great replay value. I thank Galaxy Trail for the work they have done as it has satisfied my need for a newer modern Sonic.
76561198086133078,Recommended,248310,16623426,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,North,"Though the game is a bit childish, it possesses a large amount of charm and contains plenty of fantastic gameplay. I found myself enjoying it so much that I almost plowed through the entire game in a single sitting. The game also contains one of the most intimidating bosses in the history of gaming. I was genuinly fearful and had no idea how I could even go about taking it down. Although it borrows MANY gameplay elements from the Sonic franchise, it seems to flow far better and, in my personal opinion, easily outclasses all Sonic games to date. In conclusion, I would highly recommend this little gem to any gamer looking for a lovely sidescrolling adventure."
,Recommended,248310,16732676,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Awepossum,"Freedom Planet caught my eye on the front page of Steam during the summer sale with its cute and colorful art style, and once I watched the trailer and read a couple reviews I decided to impulse buy it. And wow am I glad that I did.This game is an action platformer that is similar to the original Sonic the Hedgehog games. Now I've never been a huge Sonic fan, only playing a few of the games casually, but I was instantly hooked to Freedom Planet the minute I started playing. It's fast paced (without the same momentum that Sonic games have that kind of force you to keep moving), has a colorful pixel art style, a great soundtrack, and the story is exciting and packed with creative characters and a cute sense of humor. Plus, if you're not a fan of stories and just want the gameplay, you can play on classic mode. The gameplay is fun and challenging, with unique levels and boss fights, and there's a time attack mode if you are looking for an extra challenge. And each level has a lot of room for exploration, plus there are collectible cards in each level that will keep you playing over and over again.Seriously, Freedom Planet is an amazingly fun game with lots of replay value that I wish more people knew about. It is well worth the price, whether you get it on sale or decide to purchase it for the full price."
,Recommended,248310,16636591,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Black Cat,I love this game. I can relate to the characters quite a bit and the gameplay really reminds me of sonic 3 (on genesis). Its damn good and worth the price if you like oldschool platformers. Voice acting isnt bad and the bgm is pertty good too.
,Recommended,248310,16643269,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Victini,"Something about this game seems really familiar, but I can't quite put my finger on it... Let's see, quick anthropormorphic animals going through a momentum-based, 16-bit platformer with the goal of stopping a robot invasion involving a big gem... I swear, I've seen it before. Nah, must be my mind playing tricks on me.But seriously, this game is what Sonic 4 wishes it could be. It's a fantastic tribute to the old Sonic games, with plenty of unique mechanics that set it apart from the aforementioned rodent-based platformers. The soundtrack's amazing, the art looks like something straight from the Genesis (which isn't a bad thing at all), and it plays like a dream. The only gripes I have are that some of the voice acting is inconsistent, and there are a few technical hiccups. All in all, though, Freedom Planet's pretty good."
,Recommended,248310,16650664,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Wispirr,"Freedom Planet is my favorite game that I've played this year. I bought it during the 2015 summer sale last week for about $4, but if I knew how good it was I probably would've been willing to spend ten times that much on it.I was always more of a Nintendo kid than a Sega kid growing up, so I don't have too much nostalgia for the Genesis games that Freedom Planet tries to emulate. However, I did enjoy Sonic 2 and Sonic 3 & Knuckles, and I feel like I enjoyed this game just as much as those. Sonic is definitely the most obvious design inspiration (most obviously in the level structure), but Freedom Planet also takes a lot of ideas from other 16-bit games like Rocket Knight Adventures, Ristar, and Mega Man X. The bosses in particular are some of the best I've ever seen, and are just as good as anything in Gunstar Heroes.It's clear that a lot of work went into making the 3 playable characters feel very dynamic and fun to play. They are all VERY different, and none of them truly play like Sonic as you might expect. The game is balanced around Lilac, who is sort of a hybrid of Sonic, Ristar, and Sparkster with some fighting game moves like an uppercut and a dive kick. However, I initially played through the entire game as Carol, who is much closer to Zero from Mega Man X4, with a fast combo-oriented claw attack and a wall jump. She also has a bizarrely awesome motorcycle that can double jump and drive straight up vertical walls. I'm impressed that the game still felt well designed and balanced despite playing with a character who works completely differently from Lilac.After around level 3, the bosses become extremely difficult, absurdly so relative to the stages themselves. And there are a lot of them, generally 2-3 per level. However, they are not truly unfair. Even with the notoriously difficult final boss, I was able to figure out his pattern enough to know how to beat him without taking a single hit... though I'm unable to play with enough skill to actually manage that. Fortunately, the game is generous with lives and checkpoints; I died 70 times throughout the entire game with Carol on Normal (20 of those deaths were on the final boss), but I never saw a game over. So the game is definitely hard, but it does encourage and reward skillful play.A lot of people don't like the story, but I found it somewhat charming, reminiscent of all those early 90s Saturday morning cartoons starring anthropomorphic animals that took themselves slightly too seriously. It is admittedly darker and more violent than those ever got, as you'll see during the introduction. However, the characters themselves keep things lighthearted 99% of the time. The voice acting is excellent (apart from the overly hammy king in the introduction, who gives a lousy first impression), and it's clear the actors had tons of fun during recording. Some of the cutscenes do go on far longer than they should; the worst offender is between levels 2 and 3. Fortunately, if you don't want to deal with cutscenes there is a specific option to play story mode without any of them.My only other complaint is that the levels, while well designed, are probably longer than they should be. Not so much because they get boring, as the game introduces new mechanics and environments at a good pace, but because they can be exhausting. The game is generous with checkpoints, but saves only happen between levels, so you'll have to complete each of the 15-40 minute levels all in one session. I would have preferred that each level be cut in half, much like how Sonic's Zones have two Acts; the levels are clearly designed in halves, even with different music for each part, so I don't know why this wasn't done.In summary, Freedom Planet is an excellent game, and I give it my highest recommendation. This and Shovel Knight should serve as examples of how to do retro gaming well, reaching a level of quality that stands shoulder to shoulder with the greatest games of the eras they seek to emulate."
76561198045001676,Recommended,248310,16668899,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,SteelHooves The Relic,It screams nostalgia! Fast paced action! Epic boss battles! Awesome music! Lovable charaters! Great story! Challenging! A must-have for retro gamers!
76561198056236289,Recommended,248310,16728887,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Brayd of Guy,"This game is amazing. The level design is smooth. It gives u the ability to go fast, not just making u go fast. It also rewards exploration with collectables and lives.  Choosing a different character makes each playthrough a completely new experience. The bosses are really well made and challenging. Obviously it's a sonic rip off, but I think its saying something when the imitator is much better than the originals, which were classics."
,Recommended,248310,16765405,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Ame 雨,"Freedom Planet has beautiful megadrive style visuals, unique gameplay, and SUPER CUTE characters and voice acting."
,Recommended,248310,16775568,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,[FAP] ThePikaOverlord,This game is every kids wet dream in the 90s when Sonic first came out.Wouldn't it be cool if sonic had a life bar?Wouldn't it be cool if sonic could uppercut like ryu?Wouldn't it be cool if there were voice actors like from Saturday Morning cartoons and they had an epic team boss fight together?Ya. That's what this game is. It's everything I dreamed of as a kid growing up and now I'm too old.
76561198132949403,Recommended,248310,16807450,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,j2s04,"Sega, this is what we want. Not boom 2, THIS.Basically, this game is why I'm boycotting sega until they get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together. This game is better than anything sonic team has put out in the past 5 years.-3 characters, 2 with story, we're getting more with DLC that'll bost the roster to 5 fully story'd out characters.-awesome, inspired level design.-you can ride a motorbike up a ladder-The story is, although a little cheesy, fairly good for a platformer.-bloopers if you know the code. We shall establish a timtams currency exchange program.-the levels actually tie into the story. If there's an airship level, there's a reason.-the bosses. HOLY CARP.-there's a demo.-lilac's derp face in the save portraits. A pity I don't have that emote."
76561198002327506,Recommended,248310,16853921,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,implodinghippo,"Amazing soundtrack, good voice acting, fun to play characters/levels, A goofy kinda cliche story that does its job perfectly. This is the Sonic game I have been waiting for. Great job Galaxy Trail! I really enjoyed playing as Lilac."
,Recommended,248310,16983151,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Pyrolex_,"The game essentially shoved Classic Sonic down my throat, and in a good way. And this review is what i've played thus far. Also, this review has spoilers.Playing as Lilac, I noticed she was a very balanced character, matching 2fast4me speed with awesome combat maneuvers (and that was just in my first LP video of the game). Carol seems to be more focused on speed and parkour, having a wall jump ability. I also noticed that some of Carol's sections have red things that enable you to jump from wall/floor/cieling to wall/florr/ceiling, a la Sonic '06.The game's humor is phenominal. I couldn't help but laugh at the +5 GLORY and 5% OFF text after the robo-lion battle.When it comes to gameplay... let's just say I wish SEGA used Freedom Planet as a reference point when making Sonic Boom.Buy this, without the shadow of a doubt. Don't you dare hesitate clicking that ""purchase"" button, this game will never fail to disappoint you and can't stop making you laugh. Also, a sequel should be done. that would be cool. Or maybe DLC that allows you to play as the characters in the Dark Side? Like, Sonic Adventure 2-style Light & Dark stories? That would be cool."
,Recommended,248310,16260460,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Brovahkiin,"This game has been an amazing experience for me. I never grew up with a genesis, a SNES, or anything like that. My first system was a gamecube.Yet despite this, I can feel nostalgia being drawn from the few genesis-style platfromers I've played, such as Sonic Advance.It's not just about nostalgia, though. This is a very well crafted game that almost perfectly captures what makes high speed platformers so special while also adding new mechanics to liven things up.It's like a heartfelt love letter to the Glory days of Sega and Treasure.Everything from the animation to the soundtrack melds together to form a virtually perfect experience.Just buy it."
76561198013016731,Recommended,248310,16286891,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Ein the Business Deer,When's the patch where I can yiff the evil panda prince in the butt?
,Recommended,248310,16399067,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Logoth,"A game that's 6 parts Sonic the Hedgehog, 3 parts Gunstar Heroes, and 1 part Mischief Makers, easily beats out Shovel Knight as one of my favorite indie games. This is what the medium should be about. ♥♥♥♥ Super Meat Boy, ♥♥♥♥ Braid, this 25k Kickstarter game gets it right in so many ways it causes me to tear up as a fellow game maker.Carol is the most satisfying characters to control since Zero from Megaman Zero, Lilac reminds me a cross between Nights and Sonic while Milla just has a bafflingly different playstyle altogether, the levels and bosses never stop throwing cool new things at you and the music is beyond words but one thing I will mention is the Leitmotif used in all of Brevon's music was amazing.The game's one weak area is it's story, though looking back it can't even be considered that bad.Lord Brevon was a frightening and effective villain, the heroes are all likeable and cheery and most every scene Zao was in was amusing - the game just needed some more editing and trimming in the dialog and cutscene department.Right at the start of the game, Lilac's ""Not a chance!"" line could have easily been replaced by her dashing off, the forced drama scenes (I WONT LOSE ANOTHER CREW) made me roll my eyes into the back of my head, and the ""I fight for my friends"" thing are all examples of things that could have been tweaked; but I digress...Buy this game. Buy it for your friends! but it for strangers! It deserves way more attention than it recieved."
,Recommended,248310,16465812,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,DóN'T kill DRáGóNS NIGHTHAWK,Great game. fun gameplay and memorable characters and totaly worth playing again after you beat it.The difficult scaling is fair and the final boss made me think of dark souls because of the damage and brutal speed.And the Main-Menu music hits you in the heart.And the soundtrack is awesome.
76561198085366275,Recommended,248310,16572250,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Bloodyrayne92,"Having played the genesis as a kid and also playing the original sonic games as a kid, this truly encaptulates all that magic and nastalgia from those days and brings out the kid in me. The soundtrack is fantastically crafted with care and love. The game it self was crafted with even more respect and love for the genesis and the original material that gave way to this game. One of the best if not the very best indie game that i have ever played. If you grew up loving sonic and those old genesis platformer/action games, you will not regret buying this game one iota."
76561198010487323,Recommended,248310,16574834,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Verral,What sonic should have been doing for years.
,Recommended,248310,16375891,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,/LETS GO LIQUID,"I have been bored of gaming recently and wanted a more ""casual"" game to play. The overwhelmingly positive review for this game convinced me to buy it, and I must say it's worth both the money and the review. It's a very fun and polished game, but the story has been amazing as well. Overall I rate this game OVERWHELMINGLY POSITIVE."
,Recommended,248310,16515655,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Chuckleduster,"Rewarding both careful exploration and adrenaline-fueled speeding alike, Freedom Planet starts with the basics of 90s platforming and builds itself up from there (as opposed to beginning with today's platforming and sending it to the 90s). Bugs are fairly easy to find, but never affects gameplay (one bug will make you respawn at an earlier point, but it requires throwing yourself off a ledge after beating the level). Truly, one of the greats among nostalgia-platformers"
,Recommended,248310,16571135,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Mattdotzig,"As a huge fan of Genesis era Sonic games, this game is the best thing since sliced ♥♥♥♥ing breadI love it"
,Recommended,248310,16788020,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Dragon Protector,Love it :) the game awesome and i can be a dragon :) even though its not a dragon truely one but still itsd a dragon :)
76561198004427762,Recommended,248310,17066940,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Deehumanizer,It's like Sonic except better.
,Recommended,248310,17075547,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,lion1grape,"This is not a Sonic rip-off... while it obviously draws inspiration from the blue blur, this game innovates and truly makes the gaming experience unique from any Sonic game you might compare it to. Amazing soundtrack, great story, great gameplay and I don't know why everyone complains about the voice-acting... it's really good and I think it's a plus to the already great game. (But if you don't like the story or voice-acting, you can always just skip the story scenes or play arcade mode.)This is a really great game and if you get the chance to, you should definitley give it a try. 10/10"
76561198065688984,Recommended,248310,17084990,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Vyrewolf,"Well, seeing as I have just completed the Adventure mode, I feel comfortable leaving a small review for Freedom Planet.I only heard about this game recently, and I must say that even though I got this game on sale, I would have been willing to pay the full price. I would say that this feels like a good Sonic game, but that would not do this game justice. This combat system in this game has 2 different attack buttons, along with jumping. You can walk through enemies, but not their attacks. The sheer variety of different bosses and chase sequences all felt fantastic.And I will more then likely be replaying this game again, because I still have 1 or 2 more characters to play as. I will say, I am very glad I selected Easy difficulty, otherwise at least 3 of the bosses would have handely beaten me.I would recommend anyone who liked the first 3 Sonic games give this a try, especially if you can grab this on sale.A word of warning though, I would HIGHLY recommend a controller of some kind if you are going to play this, it makes things much simpler."
76561197972720093,Recommended,248310,17098138,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,sjoeb89,Everything good about oldschool Sonic and Treasure action games combine to make this a pretty great platformer with lots of content.  Great production value for a game that sort of looks like an old sega cd game.  Great soundtrack.  Lots of enemies.  Could use some more playable characters but it leaves you wanting more.  What else is there to be said?
76561198073362818,Recommended,248310,17465104,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Endofsirens,"This is my first review. :3So i've heard the buzz words ""retro game"" and all the ""bits"" people throw around new retro games.This game to me rises above that kind of cheap marketing.Story is cool. Light, video game like story, but the characters are entertaining.Gameplay is awesome.It's as if developers Treasure were contracted by Sega to make a Sonic.Really like the charm and gameplay.9/10"
,Recommended,248310,12103064,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,"Somewhere, not here","It's like late 80s and early to mid 90s Nintendo, Sega, and Capcom came together to make this game. If that doesn't convince you, I don't know what will."
,Recommended,248310,13398446,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Odelliesdeli,"Wonderful game that seems to be heavily influenced by the Sonic games of old.  Even just exploring the first level I have flash backs to Sonic 3. (One of my favorite games)If you are a fan of the old sonic games, I HIGHLY recommend this game.  It is not a rip, more a next step in a fast paced platformer."
76561198047372888,Recommended,248310,13446060,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Firiq,"It's Sonic, except you actually care about the characters.And you are on a health system, so running into everything becomes a problem.So if you miss old 2D Sonic, give this a shot."
,Recommended,248310,13555671,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Jeremy Pines,"This game is absolutely fantastic: the sprites are beautiful, the gameplay is excellent, and the music is porn for the ears.However, this game is not for everyone. The plot, while having some lighthearted moments, is EXTREMELY dark, featuring decapitation and torture (multiple times, may I add!). The difficulty is also extraordinarily high, with the later levels being insanely harsh.Also, a warning: This game's final boss will beat you to the ground. It will make you cry. It will kill you after you are already dead... seriously.Overall, the game is an easy 9/10, albiet if you're easily enraged it's an 8/10."
76561198038103319,Recommended,248310,13775482,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,vincentspiegel,"This is an amazing game.  If, like me, you were a fan of fast paced, colorful, challenging but fun, platformers with great soundtracks then you need to buy this.The controls are PERFECT, the 360 pad works beautifully with this game and it is simply a blast to play, look at and listen to.  While you can easily see the homages to classic platformers, there is a classic Sonic the Hedgehog vibe to this one but it in no way feels like a ripoff of those games.  Freedom Planet is its own game and is one of the best 2D action/platformers I have played in a long time.  The soundtrack is amazing too and is easily worth the separate purchase.If Shovel Knight was a love letter to classic 8-Bit Action/Platformers (which it is and is another great game); then Freedom Planet is the greatest 2D Sega Saturn game that never was.  Buy this game now."
76561198012240880,Recommended,248310,13890147,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,hokaze,"GalaxyTrail appear to have access to some sort of time machine, or perhaps can freely traverse parallel universes at-will. It's the only way to explain a game which seems to have come from a universe where Sega released a Sonic 4 for the Sega Saturn and the franchise never suffered its fall from grace after Sonic 3 & Knuckles.Despite that comparison, Freedom Planet is very much its own game and not some Sonic clone, however strong it may have been influenced by the Blue Blur. You'll find a game which is to the late Sega Megadrive era what Shovel Knight is the NES, and like Shovel Knight it takes inspiration from multiple classics. You may find elements of Rocket Knight Adventures, Mega Man X, Ristar and Gunstar Heroes blending into the mix and its wonderful.The presentation of the story (yes, somebody put plot in my 90s platformer) is odd for a platformer of this type, featuring sometimes lengthy in-game cutscenes and full, somewhat-cheesy voice acting. It seems somewhat reminiscent of some of the Sonic spinoff media like the comics and won't win any awards but helps add a little more life to the game.If you really can't stand the dialogue or want a more traditional experience, the Classic mode should satisfy you, and even in Adventure scenes can be easily skipped.There's more to Freedom Planet than just appealing to nostalgia and, like Shovel Knight, it very much stands up on its own merits. There's speed, sure, but there's a greater emphasis on platforming, on sometimes slowing down to deal with enemies and occasionally go vaguely metroidvania with exploration and puzzles for short segments.That may not sound that great if you're looking for a classic Sonic experience, but it works well here and helps further distance the game from its main inspiration, which sometimes focused too heavily on speed.With plenty of achievements, 3 characters for Classic mode (with more to come?). Time Attack, multiple difficulties and some fair challenge, there's plenty to experience. What can I say? If you grew up with this sort of game, you probably want this. If you loved Shovel Knight, you might dig this. If you're a long-time Sonic fan looking fondly at your old cartridges, you owe it to yourself to give this game a chance.With a free demo, what do you have to lose?"
76561198020571618,Recommended,248310,15876901,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Nobody Special,"I'll keep it short.At the time of writing, I've only clocked four hours. Yet I still feel confident enough to write a fair review. That's a good sign. It means this game shows you what it wants to be up front.The natural comparison is the Sonic franchise, but I disagree. I think a better comparison is to that whole era. The speed is front and foremost, while the combat is more akin to a simple beat-em-up. These two feelings blend wonderfully once you gain a bit of an understanding. (Lilac's fight with a specific mini-boss does an amazing job showcasing how perfect it can feel, provided you've gotten skilled enough to earn that feeling, which is how it should be, if you ask me.)Each of the three characters have varied and different feels to them, the most outstanding of those being a puppy girl who has light puzzle and exploration gameplay. Much more slowed down, which can be a nice change of pace. You wouldn't need to worry about this breaking the feel. Unlike, say, Sonic Adventure 2 where your jumping between three different gameplay modes at the will of the game. Rather, you pick one character and follow them all the way through the story.To sum up everything, this is psydo-universe Sega that took the Sonic franchise down a different route. One that is, arguably, better. Most people seem to agree."
,Recommended,248310,16056242,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Deight,"I really like this game it really reminds me of the Sega Mega Drive Games I played when I was a kid like: Sonic, Rocket Knight Adventures, Ristar, Gunstar Heroes and so much more. This game is way to underrated and we really need more Mega Drive/16 bit games like this on steam."
76561198152681711,Recommended,248310,16432556,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,SmackerJack,"Y'know, I could spend time listing off the pros and cons of this game like people don't already know them. I could list off things all the could ofs or should ofs.Or why Lilac doesn't look like a dragon at all.But I won't.Instead, I have a question:When's Freedom Planet 2?"
,Recommended,248310,16536239,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Maxie,"This game is the child of Mischief Makers, Sonic and Dyanmite Headdy."
76561198055310410,Recommended,248310,17031873,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Daring Tombstone,"When I first started playing the game I started collecting crystals, destroying enemies, and collecting cards. The first time I got hit by an enemy, I immediately expected crystals to fly all over the screen.That was not the case.When I noticed that you could actually 'touch' enemies and not get hurt, I was like ""Finally, a game if where I touch an enemy I don't lose all my crystals or even get hurt.""I've looked at some of the negative reviews after finishing the game to see what made some people not enjoy it. Plenty of them were ""Sanic clone"", or ""Bad voice acting"".Firstly, and in my opinion, this game is better than sonic, especially the 3D ones. Secondly, my sonic fans, the voice acting in sonic is no better, if not, worse. Keep in mind these are my opinions.This game was made by Galaxy Trail, a group of people who apparently have no other games made (i've visited their website) and have come up with this gem. For a first game, I think it's rather well-done. It can get tough in some parts but every boss has a pattern you can follow. Sure some bosses has a few cheap shots but again, they have a pattern.I've come across two glitches in the game which made me go 'wtf'. First one isn't bad at all, it was just an enemy falling through the ground for no reason. Second one was a bit moreso. The final boss of the first level flew off screen for some reason (even though there were walls and he wasn't supposed to) and he never came back. Had to restart the level but meh, I didn't mind. I've got 45 hours on the game as of right now and that's only happened once.To sum it up, yes I recommend this game, especially if its on sale. The lowest I've seen it is 4.50 but its more common to be on sale for the 7 dollar mark."
,Recommended,248310,17054103,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,CoCoNO,"A true sonic gameDont be a fool, buy the soundtrack is That good"
76561198014350184,Recommended,248310,17062007,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,xenostx,Like the music.And basically everything else too.
76561198133628702,Recommended,248310,17109184,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Perfice,"Possibly the only game in my entire Steam library I actually payed full price for. This is one of those games that makes you wonder why Sega can't make a good Sonic game anymore. This game didn't have a huge budget, experienced developers, or a huge fan-base that would buy their game just cause 'it's Sonic.' Yet it still was met with huge success and ended up as one of the top reviewed games on all of Steam in it's first opening week.I actually didn't like the balancing on the playable characters, Lilac, Carol, and Milna. Lilac is pretty much the only character worth playing with by-far the best special attack in the game. It boosts you across the screen, making it easy to hit enemies with it, and it gives you long invincibility frames that make dodging attacks easy. Now playing as Lilac or Carol will slightly change the storyline and you have to beat the game as both to get the full picture.Personally I liked Carol but there isn't much purpose in playing her as compared to Lilac. Her special attack deals a decent amount... if the enemy just stands there the whole time and lets you do it. The invincibility frames for her special are very short as well causing you to have to time it just right to dodge attacks. She also gets a motorcycle but it gets destroyed so quickly and you find them so rarely that it's usefulness is very limited.Poor Milna... Not only does she have the worst and most useless move-set in the game, but she has half the health of the other characters. Why would they design a character like that in a game that's already hard enough? She has no story mode so you don't have to play her to get the full story so you don't have to torture yourself trying to play her. I've mostly found her most useful to find the collectibles in each level as she is a dog... that has flight for some reason lol.This game is crazy hard with the average death count for the final boss to be around 100+, I died about 50 times to him. Though that's just on normal mode, I usually try to stay on casual mode now so I'm not killing myself trying to beat bosses. There is also alot of collectibles to find in each level and the storyline is pretty good for a kids game. Levels are also fairly long (takes me about 20 minutes a level, but can be done in about 5-10) but they're all decently unique and fun and fast-paced the whole way through. Springs don't really seem to match the old Sonic games though, most of them are plain-out useless overall.All in all though I suggest you do believe the hype about this game, it's rare I hear a bad review about it. On sale you're gonna spend about $5-$7 for a very enjoyable experience! 4/5"
76561198046353717,Recommended,248310,17466099,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,stoneificaunt,This game brings back memories of when I used to start up my sega genesis and play fast paced side scrolling games. Whether is was castlevania or Sonic the hedgehog It makes me feel like I was five years old again.
76561198046055533,Recommended,248310,34939510,Posted: 13 September,all,Mrdaywhea,this game is rather nostalgic for me and is a very solid sidescroller
76561197992361519,Recommended,248310,16513180,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,smileyhat,"A better Sonic game than many actual Sonic games, but still full of enough of its own ideas that it never feels like an outright clone. Gameplay, music, and level design are all solid. This game is a lot of fun."
76561198378741893,Recommended,248310,35362653,Posted: 30 September,all,Xcaliber64,"you can tell by playing this game that is was heavily inspired by sonic, but it does have its own identity. the gameplay is amazing and very momentum based. the soundtrack is also incredible with some amazing tunes. the bossfights are definetly the best part of freedom planet, they offer a great challenge but they dont feel unfair. overall I give freedom planet an 8/10"
76561198165932697,Recommended,248310,14888640,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Zwataketa,"Since my initial review, certain things have happened in the community that have soured opinions. Things I don't completely understand as I was not at the forefront like my friends were, but from what I do understand there have been updates that cut content from the game, promises that haven't been kept, and long standing bugs that haven't been fixed. I can't say anything safely about the drama between my friend group and the developer, as I was not involved at the time. Freedom Planet is still a very fun game, and I would sooner ask people to buy it if they're interested instead of boycotting it due to these issues, but there's a lot of unknowns for me when it comes to the community's history that have lowered the respect I have for the team behind it."
,Recommended,248310,11459284,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Delin Windsong,excellent game which should of been the Sonic 4 that we were waiting on.
76561198256704614,Recommended,248310,25975811,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Sash Lilac,"A fantastic game. If you like the old 2d sonic games, you will love this game. And if you dont like the old sonic games, still give this game a try. Only nitpick i have is that the story mode is a bit weak, but that's about it. Looking forward to the sequel! ^_^"
76561198025541494,Recommended,248310,14024107,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,ZenZeroX,"Freedom planet is one of the best game I played.Story is great, gameplay is the best, characters are good and fun to play as."
,Recommended,248310,27225448,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,shaowebb,"Sonic has got nothing on this title. Everything Sonic did this title does better. Combat is more fun, bosses are more challenging, story is great, cast is all enjoyable (Sonic never could get over crappy friend syndrome) and the stages are just incredible.Its definitely on par with, and above any classic Sonic title I've ever played."
76561198201265034,Recommended,248310,17965475,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,VOKER101,"This game is a MUST HAVE for anyone that's into side-scrolling super hyperactive platformers. Needless to say, Freedom Planet draws a huge inspiration from the early Sonic The Hedgehog games but as they say, imitation is the best form of flattery. The programmers behind Freedom Planet manage to take the core gameplay elements of classic Sonic games while still keeping their game unique and even original. This game isn't exactly like Sonic though, different characters have different mechanics, like Carol isn't as focused on speed as Lilac, so instead her levels focus a little more on combat kind of similar to a beat em-up kind of platformer. Not only is the gameplay fantastic but the characters each have their own distinct personalities and characteristics which enriches the gameplay even more. Another big thing this game is focused on, if not the biggest thing, is the story. If you go into the story with the mindset of looking for some kind of super depth and complexity then STOP right now. The story isn't bad and it isn't super great but it's something that really ENTICES the gameplay and sets you into the mood more. There are cutscenes that last up 10 minutes, so it makes completing levels more rewarding and the BOSS battles are just insane!!! I CANT REMEMBER taking on bosses this EPIC! The bosses are challenging but also the animation and sequences into the boss battles are just spec-♥♥♥♥ING-tacular. NOW I KNOW that you're tired of me rambling on and on about this game but if you really want a GREAT 2D platforming experience ESPECIALLY if you miss the glory gameplay of Sonic The Hedgehog series, then this game IS For YOU!! Buy it and support it. There's a reason why this game is coming to PS4 and Wii U/3Ds eShop. IT'S JUST THAT GOOD!"
76561198067023130,Recommended,248310,22064509,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Shadrown,"I remember as far back as playing the old Sonic genesis games on my PS2 on the ""Sonic Mega collection plus""So i came as close to growing up with the classics.Yet while Sega has been trying to improve their 2D days are far long gone.That is untill now when ""Freedom planet"" comes in.But insted of being a sonic clone its more of what Shovel knight did to NES games Freedom planet is to the Genesis and saturn games of old.It has it all:Cute and lovable characters.An intresting story (though its REALLY the low point of the game)And of course A KICK♥♥♥♥♥SOUNDTRACK!Now i could go into more detail on why this game is so good but let me shorten it by giving 3 reasons:1. The soundtrack2. The Soundtrack3. JUST BUY THE SOUNDTRACK ALREADY!"
,Recommended,248310,22770519,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,ratty165,"Cringe-inducing voice acting and some brutal late-game difficulty aside, Freedom Planet is everything I love about the action/platformer genre molded into an adorable, fast-paced adventure. It's also one of the few games I've played that captures the experience of playing Sonic games, if not BETTER. I highly recommend you give this a shot."
,Recommended,248310,26349561,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Laharl,More Sonic than Sonic has been in years. I fully reccomend this game if you like the old sonic genesis series.
,Recommended,248310,27000307,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sir Zabblepants,"Do you like Ristar? Sanic? Rocket Knight Adventures? Because this game makes excellent use of the mechanics of those classics, and that's a solid recipe for success.10/10"
,Recommended,248310,15751272,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,luison.cpp,"This is an amazing 2D platformer, I'm tempted to say that is one of the best platformers of all times, but with so many indie games, it's very hard to assure something like that, but I feel confortable sayting that it has the quality in gameplay and level design of the best 90s platformers and also, it has an amazing pixel art with more variaty and detail than any 16 bit console.Yes, this game is heavly influenced by classic Sonic, but at the same time, fixes lots of issues that prevents many of us from enjoying a classic Sonic game (like the lack of spindash button, the large delay to gain speed, the limited fov and the camera that doesn't gives extra visibility ahead when running) and also, it incorporates elements of other great action platformers, mainly Megaman X and Gunstar Heroes.I have to say it: the boss fights are huge, epic and badass.It has some drawbacks, but all of them can be prevented to be serious drawbacks:1. Like a modern Sonic Game it tries too hard to be a story-driven game with a ""serious"" and ""epic"" story that just doesn't work. Fortunatly, the game has the option to be played without the story, just the stages (at the beggining of the game, you can choose between ""adventure"" mode and ""classic"" mode, do yourself a favor and pick ""classic"")2. The game have 3 playable characters: Lilac, Carol and Milla. It's very fun to play as Lilac; but with Carol, most of the time I feel that I'm controlling an slow character in a game that it's supposed to be a lot faster (with the exception of the motorcycle power up, with that powerup is very fun to play as Carol); and Millia, it's just not worth playing.The good news is that you can play all the game with Lilac and ignore the other two characters.3. Comparing with the stages, some bosses are too hard and sometimes they can feel unfair. I'm not saying that the game shouldn't be hard, I'm saying that the difficulty is not consistent, some times it's easy to beat a whole stage without dying once and after that, die 10 times with the boss. Fortunatly if you got stuck, it's possible to decrease the difficulty of the game by just reseting the stage(it's not necesarry to restart the whole game).As a whole, Freedom Planet is a great game, I recommend this game to anyone who enjoy the 2D platformers, even the ones who doesn't like Sonic."
,Recommended,248310,16798886,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,MissingNoGuy55,"Freedom Planet was prior to its current incarnation a Sonic fangame. Once the producer realized he would never actually own the game, and Sega would boot him for it, he turned it into something original.The game looks and feels just like the 16-bit platformers of the Sega Genesis/Mega Drive era. Whoever the spriter was managed to nail it right on target, it's so well crafted and put together, which is rare in modern day especially in the sense of true pixel art. I also feel it was developed under the limitations of the Genesis, but that may be a bit of a stretch.The levels are extremely expansive and are about 3x larger than Sonic 3's levels, spanning about 7 minutes at least, and 15 minutes normally. It works in acts similar to Sonic but isn't labelled as such, it also has level transitions very similar to Sonic 3.Gameplay-wise, it's like a lovechild of Sonic CD's platforming and Sonic 3's speed. Many have expressed their opinion that this game is a spritual Sonic 4, unlike Sega's version. I would have to agree, it's definitely got a lot of love and time put into it along with never really straying away from itself.Oh yeah, the soundtrack is also AMAZING"
76561198223477648,Recommended,248310,30405736,Posted: 9 March,all,Shamaro,"Growing up playing the original sonic games, this gem was a real throwback to my childhood. The gameplay is smooth with responsive controls, the pixel art is simply gorgious, the story (while the cutscenes might be a bit long a filleresque for my taste, like something out of metalgear solid) is enthralling and emotional and you have a profound sense of accomplishment when you see the end credits scroll across the screen. I also love that there is full voice acting, not having to read the long dialogue boxes, and hear the actual emotions of the characters is exciting to say the least.And let's face it, when your main playable characters are a literal freakin dragon!!, a spunky motorcycle riding wildcat and an absolutely adorable doggy with a Yoshi style jump and an energy shield that shoots lazers, you've got yourself an infinity out of 10 game.For anyone who wants a great classic style modern platformer game, this is by far the most epic you'll find on the steam store. It's worth way more than the $17.00 it's sold for."
,Recommended,248310,13221472,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Blaze™ [Inactive as of 9/20],"Freedom Planet may look like a Sonic knockoff to you, but it's not. Freedom Planet is a 2D Fast-Paced Beatemup game made by Indie Group, Galaxy Trail, where game design is amazing, the characters are well-drawn and look great, there's some gimmicks that will bring back memories, and an amazing soundtrack. You get to play as Sash Lilac the Dragon Girl (fast and a wide variety of moves to use) Carol Tea the Wildcat (uses a motorbike to fight and can walljump) and Milla Basset the Hound (able to dig some spots to find items), running at speed of sound and fighting against an insurmountable amount of enemies and obstacles that will stand in your way.Features:This is a speed/combat-based game that has alot of nostalgia within it for those who played Sonic, Ristar and/or Gunstar Heroes. I have repeated some stages that I like, not because of the soundtrack, but mainly because of the bosses. The features involve Adventure Mode (For those that love cutscenes and prefer to have an in-depth look into the whole story), Classic Mode (For those that just want to get into the action and are not concerned about the story), and Time Attack (For those looking to break personal records and reach the top of the Leaderboards). Character designs look great, there was talk about the first character designs, but I like the current ones right now,Lilaclooks cute and amazing, she's my favorite at the moment. For those that love using gamepads, this game features customizable controls. There's unlockables, achievements and other features that will keep you playing, no tutorials (just like old times), full-audio cutscenes, and many more.Verdict:Freedom Planet is a must-have if you love playing old school platformers from the 80-90s, plus free DLC is likely coming up in the near future. Try the demo first, to make sure your PC/Laptop can run it, and if you like it, I recommend purchasing this."
,Recommended,248310,23342582,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,MY SKILLS EXCEED YOURS,Made me fall in love with video games again.♥♥♥♥ing flawless game
,Recommended,248310,12652416,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Madd the Sane,"Although I haven't played any of the old Sonic games to completion, neither have I played any of the other Saturn-era games that Freedom Planet took inspiration from. That said, I’m thoroughly enjoying this game.The boss fights are really hard, especially when you first fight them. It takes awhile for you to learn their patterns, and then they become easier."
,Recommended,248310,13099057,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,[FoxNull],"Freedom Planet is a Retro-Style 2D platformer developed by GalaxyTrail Games, very similar to Megaman X, Rocket Knight and most notably Sonic the Hedgehog. It features 14 levels, 3 playable characters and even a storymode with fully voiced in-game cutscenes. You progress through increasingly harder zones (much like sonic) defeating a variety of enemies and bosses along the way using each individual character's special set of moves and abilities. Gameplay is fast and furious and boss battles leave you yelling at your screen but coming back for more. Also, the game features a superb soundtrack that compliments the stages very well, not to mention the main characters are as adorable as they are awesome, good job guys![THE GOOD]+ Incredible soundtrack+ Fantastic level-design+ Awesome boss battles+ Wide variety of different enemies+ Colorful and imaginative world+ Fully voiced cutscenes+ Addictingly fun gameplay+ Sprite graphics are great+ 3 Playable characters+ High replay value[THE NOT SO GOOD]- Can't turn off voiceovers- Story can get suprisingly dark- It ends[THE UGLY]I think this game is criminally overlooked, it deserves way more recognition.[BOTTOM LINE]I originally played the demo for less than 5 minutes and yelled:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8QfSzgV1q5gGames like Freedom Planet are the very reason i support indie-devs, GalaxyTrail could showSonic Team a thing or two about game design. I can hardly express in words how much i love this game, and how amazingly high quality it is. If you came up in the 90s playing platformers like i did, or if you just love platformers in general, it would be a crime not to buy this game. Seriously, hats off to all the people who made this game possible, easily one of the best of it's kind i've ever played, i'm simply awestruck. Go support the devs and get it!Outstanding 10/10"
,Recommended,248310,17088609,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Kozmiic,sonic but with girls
76561198256956618,Recommended,248310,23494098,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,alexramos303,Based on the golden age of Sonic. Has some mager replay value. Would definitely buy again in a heart beat.
,Recommended,248310,12596302,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,ThereIsNoSpoon,Sanic 4 girlz
,Recommended,248310,12866215,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,🌜 Rubbe🌛,sanik
,Recommended,248310,13172800,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,RandomWizard,If you are a fan of sonic type games you will love this one.  It's how a next gen sonic should have been.  Highly recommended.
76561198072377406,Recommended,248310,16082593,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Liliflower137,"This game, is in a word, fantastic. And that is an understatement. I found this game on youtube being played by two of my favorite Youtubers (YogscastZoey and YogscastMartyn) and was instantly interested. I finally got my hands on it and played it. I expected it to be difficult to control, but no. It controls amazingly well. Both main characters are adorable, badass, and feel amazing to control. Both have their own way of getting around levels and attacking and both are equally satisfying to control and use. The characters are hilarious and interesting, the diologue is well written and the cutscenes are amazingly well animated. I will never get tired of this game. I just hope that maybe one day we could have Torque and spade as playable characters and have them (as well as Milla) have their own playable adventure mode. Mayor Zao is best character! (+5 praise!) If you haven't played this game. You should. It doesn't matter who you are, just play this game and you will enjoy it."
76561198020323513,Recommended,248310,11356797,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Xanmoas,i enjoy this game and hope others do too
76561198087132770,Recommended,248310,12811608,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Zylo42,"Wow, this is one of the best platforming games I have played in a very long time. Seriously, platformers don't get much better than this! Strongly recommended."
,Recommended,248310,11382991,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,SophieDude,"Freedom Planets is great, I can't stop playing it. It feel like a game from the 16-bit era. I really love that it plays almost like sonic the hedgehog but is still very different. great story, graphics, sound, music, gameplay, and level design.  The only thing I wish for is easier bosses. the bosses in this game are Harder than anything I've played. Eventhough I play in causal mode, from what I've seen, the bosses look near to impossible to beat without causal mode. other than that I love the game (stressed me out though, but still)."
76561198029580252,Recommended,248310,11399559,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Truck Stop Santa Claus,90's sega fanboy the game/10great stuff dont miss out on it
76561198005140137,Recommended,248310,11509018,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Caridor,"Question: Did you enjoy old 2d Sonic the Hedgehog?If yes, then prepare to have your mind blown.This game is similar, with most, if not all of the little problems that plagued sonic fixed, resulting in a damn near perfect game. The story itself is the weakest part of the game, but it still gives each charactar their own personality and makes them relatable, which is all you can ask for. There are also a couple of heart wrenching moments in it, which is totally surprising.The platforming and combat themselves and honestly, fantastic with every boss being the right mix of challenging and yet, fair. A little thought and understand of the game mechanics will enable you to formulate a plan of action for just about every attack pattern, meaning the only thing to blame for your failure is you.So if you don't mind a bit of a cheesey story and anthropomorphic animals (which means, you didn't watch a tonne of good stuff on tv as a kid), then you're in for a near perfect gaming experience.The one complaint one might level is the price point, but frankly, those people don't realise that all 3 playable charactars have completely different play styles, meaning the same boss has to be beat 3 different ways, essentially trippling the lifespan of the game."
76561198043856680,Recommended,248310,12869454,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Link,"Awesome game! Been some time since I had so much fun. Retro-like game with a lot of nostalgia factor... And some very punishing levels and bosses, which only adds to the fun by providing that utter satisfaction of dying time and time again and then finally beating it. If you haven't bought this game already, you should do it. Right now. I mean right freakin' now."
,Recommended,248310,15213199,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Skeeter The Lurker,"They couldn't decide to go with Sonic of Megaman as the foundation of this game.So they went with both.Cheesy dialog, catchy Genesis/SNES era sountrack, anime-ish characters.And a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥to config a controller.Get'er on a sale and have some oldschool fun.~STL"
76561198123576565,Recommended,248310,35098383,Posted: 20 September,all,Felicia,G O T  T O  G O  F A S TR U N  R E A L  F A S TT H A T ' S  N O  G O O DC H I L L I  D O G SY O U ' R E  T O O  S L O W
,Recommended,248310,13174000,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Negrostrike,"For those who like 16-bit/32-bit era platformers, this game is the shizzle.For those who don't, same thing probably. Give it a shot.EDIT: Can't say♥♥♥♥♥♥on Steam."
76561197983661417,Recommended,248310,28936570,Posted: 2 January,all,Hans Brix,Freedom Planet. The first good Sonic game to come out since Sonic & Knuckles.
76561198002124849,Recommended,248310,29906523,Posted: 13 February,all,Fou-Lu,The best Sonic game to date.
,Recommended,248310,32739736,Posted: 24 June,all,JustThatOneGuy,"This is hands down, one of my favorite 2D platformers ever.The only thing I can say that's wrong with it is the story and some of the voice acting.But absoulutely get it now when it's on sale.."
,Recommended,248310,18839425,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Gay Inc,it was worth the money it costed. if your a sega fanatic like me then this is somethin for you.
,Recommended,248310,12612523,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Kuborro,"This game is one of the best platformers avaible on steam right now. I even dare to say it's better than all of the classic Sonic games on Mega Drive. Great characters, story and the best of all: MUSIC.Is it worth 15€? Sure!"
76561198069715274,Recommended,248310,13218957,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Jnan,"If you are a fan of Sonic 3/Sonic Advance/Megaman X, then I highly suggest you play Freedom Planet. This game pops with creativity, from the color palette, to the awesome voice acting. This is one of the highest quality indie games I have ever played, with memorable characters, great soundtrack, and high speed gameplay that will hit you in the feels if you've played and enjoyed Sonic in his golden era."
,Recommended,248310,12471249,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Xenosis,This is an outstanding game it represents what the Genisis/MegaDrive era was so well. I really hope this game gets a sequal at some point. the game play and the plot where amazing.
,Recommended,248310,14171322,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,greenie,I don't think I played enough.Make a sequel.Edit: dear god they actually are
,Recommended,248310,11669051,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,[FP] Zaros,The game Sonic 4 Episode 1 and 2 wanted to be.
76561197970656756,Recommended,248310,12385636,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Null0x00,"Basically a super-girly version of Sonic that's ironically better than all of the Genesis/MegaDrive Sonic games, Sonic CD and Sonic 3&K included, due to it containing an actual difficulty curve and genuinely great Treasure-inspired bosses. Definately worth playing."
,Recommended,248310,30858482,Posted: 31 March,all,Mister-Skeever,FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEDOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM (dies inside)
,Recommended,248310,34239490,Posted: 14 August,all,Mettawrong,A Sonic game but with health and attacks.Also more furries.9/10 - IGN
,Recommended,248310,32713835,Posted: 23 June,all,Hole,플랫포머 게임 좋아하거나 소닉게임(옛날)을 재밌게 했던 사람이라면이 게임을 갓겜이라 칭하게 될것이다.
76561198121912388,Recommended,248310,32705114,Posted: 23 June,all,kraido,Arguably better than the games it's inspired by.
,Recommended,248310,13173759,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Akka,Take Sonic then remove the ability to damage enemies by simply jumping on/at them. Now we have dedicated attack buttons and other character-specific functions to vary the gameplay depending on who you play as. For better or worse each zone (level) isn't broken into acts. Transitions are more fluid this way but each zone will take a good fifteen to twenty minutes to navigate your first time.This game is enormous with pixel art exceeding what I'd expect from a non-indie title.My only gripe with this so-far excellent game would be the voice acting. Everything these characters say and do is so cringe-inducing I nearly want to vomit. The sort of people that can lovingly craft a game of this detail would naturally not know anything about socializing or how to interact with other people. Austism.
76561198068506985,Recommended,248310,11427857,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Wonderswan,"Freedom Planet is really fun.Voice acting kinda sucks, though."
,Recommended,248310,11575841,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Wuff Metal,"Freedom planet is Super Amazing game, the Graphics are amazing, The Music is Awesome (I wouldn't mind paying extra for the soundtrack!), the voice acting IMO is Great, i would totally gift this to a friend who didn't have it."
,Recommended,248310,22259869,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,happyalm,"This is a bad Sonic game, so if you hope it's a Sonic clone, please don't play thisBut it's one of the hypest games I've played along with Metal Gear Rising: Revengance"
,Recommended,248310,17394100,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,DriestYosho,"A great platformer in the veign of the classic Sonic games, with a great storyline, amazing voice acting, and the ability to ride your bike up walls and waggle your tail at your enemies."
76561198035339784,Recommended,248310,29125023,Posted: 8 January,all,OptimusTakis,Died on phase 4 of final boss 37 times... and loved it! #Brevon4life #thisgameisdecent #normalmode
76561198008552829,Recommended,248310,11838505,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,McMattycakes,"Freedom Planet is a side-scrolling action platformer that is heavily inspired by Sonic the Hedgehog and the Genesis/Megadrive era of Sega video games. After playing this game for a bit, I have come to a realization that I, in fact, have a love/hate relationship with this. Before you go off and say ""WHAT?! You hate this game?! I don't find this review helpful at all!"", let me explain why.The appearance, and gameplay, delivers exactly what I heard about it, and it's incredibly fantastic. The controls are smooth and easy to use, the gameplay is crisp and fresh, using mechanics from older Sonic the Hedgehog games, and mixing it up with others, Ristar, for example. The graphics, being 16-bit graphics seeming to be have been built from a similar engine to the Genesis' ""Blast processor"" unit, and it's incredibly well done to look at. The worlds are all unique and colorful, with no lag whatsoever. you play as three different characters, all with different, but similar in a way playstyles to keep the gemplay fresh and addictive. All in all, as a game, it's very well done, and it's a game I can sink my teeth into, just like the older Genesis/Megadrive games.However, this game is not without its flaws. In this case, the lowpoint of the game is the actual Story/Adventure mode. The levels are fine, as I described above, but the way the story is presented could have been done loads better. Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying the story and lore itself is bad, it's just... ""Unnecessarily Complicated."" The basic story is that the evil Lord Brevon and his forces have invaded the world, so it's up to Sash Lilac, a cutesy anthropormorphic dragon girl to stop him. This would be the perfect basic story for this game, but suddenly, we get thrown with the fact that three different nations/kingdoms are all at war with each other, blaming the crisis on everybody else, a bunch of side characters get thrown in, it all becomes a complicated mess. I would expect a story like this to be featured in a game such as Final Fantasy, but a game that's heavily influenced by the older Sonic games? It seems unfitting. While the Lord Brevon himself is a cool villain, he seems to be way too evil and cold hearted to be in this cutesy world. Take Dr. Eggman from Sonic, for example: He is a bumbling, tempered, quirky fat man who would do anything to be rid of Sonic, most of his plans failing and him throwing a tantrum. That would be the kind of villain that would fit perfectly with this world, but instead, we have a more serious villain being thrown into a non-serious world. You could argue that it would be fine, but take one look at this game, the artwork, pretty much everything about it, and it's unmistakingly a Kids game. It has the cutesy-ness, the bright colours, the simplistic gameplay and controls to make it a kids game, but the complicated storyline, and some incredibly, and I do mean INCREDIBLY dark scenes in it, including a long drawn out ""Torture scene"", makes it seem like in a way, the game itself is confused on what it should be. People could also argue ""Oh, if you didn't like the story, just play it in Classic Mode!"" That's the thing. Without the cutscenes, the story does not make any sense at all. There is no transitions from the levels to make it a believable world without the cutscenes, so it's basically necessary to understand just what the heck is going on. Take, for example, games like Sonic the Hedgehog 2. A game that has no cutscenes at all, yet you can clearly feel between levels, that there is some sort of transition between the worlds, that it feels like it's all one big world. Now, I'm not saying cutscenes are bad, and a story is bad for this, but let's take another example, this time, from Sonic 3 & Knuckles. Unlike Sonic 2, this game does have cutscenes, but they only last a few seconds, with no dialogue, and acted out with simple actions. This is, without a doubt, the best story telling in Sonic history ever, because it's more complicated, yet it doesn't take the general feel out of the game, it still gives you the fast paced transition that the older Sonic games were great for. In Freedom Planet here, between each level is a long, drawn out cutscene where you sit there, pushing the button, listening to the characters speak. For a game that's fast paced, this can be a bad thing, since it breaks off all illusion from this world. The Voicing, I honestly am unsure about the voice acting, all together. The voices do sound like they would have been better if it was said once or twice, and just small basic stuff, but the game is fully voiced acted. To me, the voices seem unfitting at times. They don't feel genuine enough for me, so I can't quite relate to or like the characters that much. It's like the gameplay was inspired by older Sonic, but the story and cutscenes were more inspired by the more ""mid-2000s"" Sonic, which is not a good thing at all.All in all, the gameplay and presentation of this game is fantastic, but the main problem with it lies with the over-complicated story and way too many characters to keep track of. The game does deliver what it promises, a Genesis-styled platformer, and it has made me want to actually nab an old Sega Genesis and start playing on it again. Just keep in mind that the story could have been worked on more, and granted, I do appreciate the time and effort that went into the game itself, and also the artwork and stylized characters it made.In fact, why can't we have more games with the Genesis feel? Has everyone suddenly forgotten that Sega made one of the most kickass video game consoles ever? The same console that gave us Sonic the Hedgehog, Mortal Kombat, NBA Jam, Vectorman, Comix Zone, Gunstar Heroes, and Ristar!"
,Recommended,248310,29617307,Posted: 31 January,all,Sufjehdujoe,Nobody hurts Milla.Nobody.
,Recommended,248310,13543227,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,The Real Hello,The best Sonic game I've ever playedBetter than Sonic 2006 and Sonic Boom 11/10
76561198053944979,Recommended,248310,14247697,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Edmoo,THIS IS THE PERFICT GAME YOU SHOULD BUY IT
,Recommended,248310,32794956,Posted: 25 June,all,NateRFB,Good game.
76561198043999933,Recommended,248310,20921717,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Chocolate Loli·pop,"Who knew furries could make a better sonic game than sega? Oh wait, everyone knew."
,Recommended,248310,33682489,Posted: 20 July,all,Ken,The story is a bit awkward but the puzzles and combat looks so creative.I wish this company luck on finishing the next Freedom Planet game.Carol my fav girl💕𝐮𝐧𝐥𝐞𝐬𝐬 𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐲 𝐚𝐝𝐝 𝐬𝐩𝐚𝐝𝐞
76561198269477254,Recommended,248310,22801661,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,ihavenoidea7,"A fun and challenging  platformer, that feels like the original Sonic The Hedgehog games. I recommend this game to anyone who likes retro games or anyone looking for a great indie game."
,Recommended,248310,22803257,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,TheIllusiveGreg,"I have to admit... this is totally a guilty pleasure for me, but the game is so good I don't care. I have had a great time with this, and I don't even really like Sonic that much. Worth noting that the devs are still (AFAIK) working on adding new FREE DLC to this game. Definitely recommended!"
,Recommended,248310,33993139,Posted: 3 August,all,KingGodzilla™ | Pinkie Pie <3,"Best platformer i have ever played, the characters are just so good :P i love lilac so much lol, the game is just amazing"
,Recommended,248310,14074299,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Poke,"Freedom Planet, The Game Sonic Fans Need And DeserveShame that this game will be perpetually labelled as a Sonic fan game. It isn't, by the way. Freedom Planet is an entirely different beast altogether. Think what Shovel Knight is doing for the NES, and change the system to the Sega Genesis with some hints of PS1. The gameplay was nice, the graphics are GORGEOUS, the music is rockin', and the plot is somewhat enjoyable at best, with the heroes actually taken seriously, and the villains being over the top and almost cartoony, in a way. My only complaint is the VAs, and even then I felt effort from the actors. I hope Galaxy Trail makes more of this, keeps up the Freedom Planet train, and maybe, juuuuuuust maybe, get a sequel out of it. Yes, I think that this game is one that DESERVES a sequel, unlike FNAF. Freedom Planet is just that good. It is a cool $15.00, and you can likely get is for $7.50 during the Steam Sales.Reasons why you should get this gameGreat graphicsDetailed sprite artworkAmazing gameplayMemorable charactersSpectacular level designONE MAN DEVELOPED THIS AMAZING GAME. Think about it.Reasons why you should NOT get this game (and they are very nitpicky)I found a glitch in the game, where a fire tank in Final Dreadnought 1 clipped through the groundIt looks like a sanic game"
,Recommended,248310,14145747,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,uhhhhh,Awesome Game 23/23Awesome Graphics 23/23Awesome Gameplay 23/23Awesome Soundtrack 23/23Funny Story 18/23
76561197980238865,Recommended,248310,14108570,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Blarghalt,"I have a theory that this *was* actually released as a Sonic game, by Sega, but a good modern Sonic game existing is something the universe can't handle so it changed the characters and hoped we wouldn't notice."
,Recommended,248310,24127068,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Diabeetus88,"The only good Sonic game in years.ProsGood level DesignMultiple CharactersMovement options everywhereMilla (LOOK AT HER SHES SO CYOOT)Great music.Good Replayability (You won't get bored with this game)About a 15 hour game if you play all of the characters (and aren't a speedrunner)_________________________________________________________________________CONSLife system with no punishment aspect. (Places you at the previous checkpoint after a continue.)_________________________________________________________________________Overall Score 10/10. But seriously though Galaxy Trail, Send us back to the start of the area if we use a continue."
,Recommended,248310,25380111,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Rodrigo 15,It's the best plataform game that i've ever played! Go ahead and buy it! You won't regret! =D
76561198110533496,Recommended,248310,25373260,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,GriffLer,Very Good
,Recommended,248310,14152065,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Fyria,"Freedom Planet is an incredible 2D platformer. In addition to the exciting and interesting story, with have a brilliant voice acting, the game has also a brilliant soundtrack, a wonderful pixel art style and great gameplay.The control and the level of difficulty can be adjusted so that it is a good challenge for beginners as well as for Advanced Players.If not you can decide, you can also try the free demo and let the game itself affect you."
76561198020932815,Recommended,248310,15648649,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Kitten Snacks,"My absolute favorite platformer, filled with cool characters, super stages, and baller bossfights. Similar to many platformers that pretty much everyone has played, mostly Sonic though. Only complaint is Carol, the green wildcat on the title card is so off center. I mean, what is she holding on to?"
,Recommended,248310,13223772,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,DudeDesigns,"Bright colors, amazing pixel animation, and some good voice work make this game a great homage to the Sega Genesis family of platformers (most specifically, Sonic the Hedgehog).The games art style is uniquely stylish, something I don't see too often in the Indie Market. Gameplay wise, it's got the speed and fluidity of the Sega Genesis Sonic games with a traditional health system and combat akin to Gunstar Heroes. Speed through stages and take out bosses. It's as classic as classic can get. The soundtrack is catchy as hell, and you can buy it on steam for 7 bucks.The game's main protagonists all play differently. Lilac plays just like Sonic combined with Ristar. She can boost, which allows her to move really fast and bounce off walls, and has the best melee combat moves in terms of damage, but most of the game's collectibles are far easier to collect using Carol or Milla.Carol has faster melee attacks, but they deal less damage, and she can also scale walls. Carol receives her motorcycle by collecting cans of gasoline, which allows her to drive DIRECTLY UP WALLS and move faster.Milla (only playable in Arcade Mode) is quite possibly the hardest character to play as. She has ranged projectiles and a shield that can reflect projectiles, but she has the lowest max health (just 4 slots).The game's voice actors were actually pretty good, considering this is an indie game. The game's main heroines all relay their characters personalities without seeming forced, and this makes watching the game's cutscenes enjoyable. I particularly really enjoyed the performance of Xander Barriga, who voices Lord Brevon.One negative most people seem to find with this game is it's difficulty level, as well as the bosses. I won't lie, the game gets pretty difficult towards the middle and the end requires having quite sharp reflexes, however, that's how most games should be in my opinion, and continuing doesn't restart you from the start of the stage anyway, so you have unlimited tries at whatever is besting you until you just give up. I can safely say, however, at no point in this game did I ever just quit it out of frustration. The game's difficulty kept me wanting to continue playing more than anything.For 15 bucks, this is a really fun 2D Platformer. I really haven't had an indie game that has kept a huge grip on me like this one has. If you liked pretty much any genesis platformer, you'll probably love this game.""If Treasure made a Sonic the Hedgehog Game"""
76561198004387279,Recommended,248310,16567506,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Pentalis,"This game joins the list of games I play only once, but remember fondly ever after.Other reviewers have described this game much better than me, so just let me say something:I play turn-based strategy games, I dislike platformers, but the game received so many good reviews and the trailer video looked so intriguing, that I went and gave it a try (also it was on sale).The gameplay was good, and the story kept me riveted. I even bought a joystick for my PC just to play this game, I liked everything about it, the characters are endearing, the music is catchy, the bosses are neither impossibly difficult nor too easy; I'll really just remember this game fondly forever.My gratitude to everyone who recommended it. It was worth it, all 8 hours it took to finish it."
76561198200814625,Recommended,248310,23482708,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,noxlucis,I go fast very poorly...
,Recommended,248310,12506548,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Frantic Fanatic,"Originally starting as a 2D Sonic, Freedom Planet has transended into a gem feels and plays like solid side scroller that could have been released in the Animal Mascot wars of the 1990's. It's simply quite fun to play, with adorable characters that play differently and unique bosses, memorable music and vibrant locations. Unfortunately, they succeeded too well with emulating a japanese import, with a long storyline and atrocious voice acting, but playing in Classic move strips the game down to all action stages, all the time, like Sparkster and Sonic. Plug your computer into your TV, grab a controller, and start playing like it's the 1990's again."
,Recommended,248310,13155797,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Noire (Black Heart),"If you've ever once considered yourself a Sonic (or hell, even Sega) fan at any point in your life, and you're playing any of the newer Sonic games (after Generations), PUT THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥DOWN and come play this.  No, seriously.  It's not just a Sonic clone - it combines elements of many classic platformers, like Sonic, Ristar, and even Gunstar Heroes.I love.....just about everything about this game.  Yes, that includes the voice acting, which IMHO is the best I've ever heard out of an indie game, at least in a long while.  And the graphics?  They're.....a treat, especially if you love retro 2D platformers/games and/or the classic Sonic games (on the Mega Drive/Genesis).Well?  What are you waiting for?  Stop reading this review and go buy it already!!  ....Unless you're on Mac, in which case you'll have to buy the game outside of Steam (a Mac version exists, but is not on Steam)."
,Recommended,248310,16375290,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Ain't Got Time For This Ellis.,"This is the game I wanted Sega to make since the 90s. I personally enjoy this game. Controls are fluid, The animations are spot on, The game is beautiful, Downright fun, Stages are amazing, and characters are wacky and full of life. I can't believe how much detail they put into this game. This is nothing but a damn good love letter to all those who grew up with Sega / Genesis / Saturn and I'm damn proud to spend my money on this."
,Recommended,248310,12533443,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,PhillipAWesolowski,This game is amazing. I love the characters. The gameplay is very nice. You feel for the characters and I cry when the little dog girl died. This game is great and it great for any furry or sonic fan. :)
,Recommended,248310,12590101,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,wintermute6669,"A fantastic platformer. The level design, enemy designs, color palette, everything is superb. Make no mistake, this is basically a sonic the hedgehog clone. You will come across set pieces that seem straight lifted out of the genesis games, but everything meshes together so well. The levels have a very nice ""flow"" to them, unlike the early sonic games, where you don't encounter cheap♥♥♥♥♥♥like springs that launch you straight in to spikes. The game plays less fast and you have to work for your speed a little bit more, boosting at ideal times or avoiding hits while cruising around on your motorcycle. I like that about it quite a bit, it moves at just the right pace to feel very fluid without becoming frustrating. The game has a lot of challenging boss fights. People say it is like a Treasure game, and that's  very true.This is the direction Sonic should have taken. I love this game and will buy any sequels or DLC the developers make for it."
,Recommended,248310,13189065,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,EmeraldEmblem,"I may barely have scratched the surface upon writing this review, but I just want to pursuade those who see this as just another Sonic Clone to seriously re-evaluate this opinion. Freedom Planet does certainly give a Sonic vibe but that's all it is, just a vibe. It has it's own mechanics that seperate it form it's inspiration, It has a better combat system with more vareity in attacking enemies than just jumping on them, the levels also play differently for each character so it doesn't feel like trecking through the same areas over and over, you can explore numerous areas other characters can't.You can choose either Adventure mode with cutscenes and a interesting story, or you can choose classic and just play each stage back to back like in Sonic Games.If you ever thought the classic Sonic games were missing a litte extra something you should take a look here, it may very well fulfill that need."
76561198067252852,Recommended,248310,13279896,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Ph33ly,Defintely recommeneded
76561198152727086,Recommended,248310,17004588,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,moonstne,"A fantastic game with expansive levels and many varied boss fights that are fun to play, almost no fake diffiuculty. A must play."
,Recommended,248310,17056515,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Dog,I bought this game because of this video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZN8OZJFKJrsI don't regret.
,Recommended,248310,11647236,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Miles,"A mix between Sonic and Zero from Megaman, just awesome"
,Recommended,248310,12607325,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,KFC Wipes,"At first glance it looks to be a sonic knockoff, but then you play it and realize it's also an Astal knockoff, and a Megaman X Knockoff, and an everything else Knockoff. That's a good thing though, since it puts the best mechanics from each of these games into one title.The story is pretty good, but nothing to sneeze at. The voice acting is pretty good too, given the style the developers are going for. The music is vivid and dreamy, reminiscent of Sonic CD, NIGHTS Into Dreams, or the megaman X games for the original playstation.I can't find any real faults to this game. It feels like a complete, well designed, and fully functional game.also, it's SOOOOOO ADOOORABLE"
,Recommended,248310,13145225,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Yue,"By the law of averages, at least ONE spiritual successor to Sonic the Hedgehog's earlier games had to be good. Freedom Planet is this, and so much more. It's like the best Genesis Sonic games had a baby with Gunstar Heroes, and it grew up to be a Sega Saturn game. You have three characters that go through the same levels, but different paths thanks to their special abilities, amazing 32-bit chiptune music, level design that's as fun to look at as it is to play through, and crazy boss fights that are ungodly satisfying when you beat them.While most fake-retro games try to ape the NES, Atari, or early PC games, Freedom Planet chooses the Sega Saturn as its inspiration, and it shows in everything from the color palettes and sound to the gameplay and UI. If I didn't know better, I'd say this WAS a Saturn game.The only downside is that if you're sick of brightly-colored anthropmorphic animals on adventures with cosmic implications from exposure to Sonic fancharacters, the cast of Freedom Planet will do nothing to endear you to themselves. Luckily, GalaxyTrail thought of that. When you begin the game, you can choose to turn off all cutscenes and dialogue, playing it as if there were no story at all!"
,Recommended,248310,13969663,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,ΣFree Target,This is what happens if Shovel Knight do Sonic instead of Mega man.
76561198041995956,Recommended,248310,16823425,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,bahamut66,"Hey, kids!  Do you remember the good old days when Sonic the Hedgehog was fast, cool, and fun to play, with great music, tight level design, and amazing controls?Well, since Sega couldn't be bothered, someone else decided to give you a brand new Sonic game.  Freedom Planet is a 2-d sprite based game that pays massive tribute to the old Sonic the Hedgehog games on the Genesis, HOWEVER, it is, in my opinion, even better than those old classics.First, the graphics.  Beautiful sprite work, with tons of expressive characters who can laugh, cry, hug, tease, hang out and watch a movie...the graphics are amazing, with a mix of polygon esque sprites and traditional hand drawn images.Gameplay is tight and works well, with three different characters who all move fast, but all have different specials.  Lilac is my favorite, who has a double jump and a charge move for massive damage.  The speed is great here and the platforming even better.  There's lots of unique and organic level design that is just awesome.Music.  Excellent in almost all regards.  Very power rocking but also somber at times, with a lot of variety.  Better yet is the timing and the sound effects, used for dramatic effect and comedy all in one package.Story...wait, story?  Yeah, unlike the early Sonic games, Freedom Planet has an impressive story mode to go along with the classic arcade mode.  It's got tons of great humor, likable characters, and some truly gut wrenching moments here and there...showing just how powerful sprite art can really be.  The entire game is voice acted too and while some consider these actors unknown, they rival the best VAs I've ever heard in film or anime.  Able to emote and carry a story with the force of their voices mixed with the sprites on screen.Freedom Planet is the total package.  It's beautiful to look at, it's got great music and gameplay, and a story that is, honestly, shocking in how engaging and powerful it is, as well as fun.Now, no game is perfect, however.  The levels go on for just a tad too long and while I had plenty of lives up to the end of the game, the final boss is pretty cheap.  Still, that aside, the developers give you infinite continues and lots of check points, so it never gets too frustrating.This game is amazing...please, support these devs.  I'd love to see a sequel."
76561198117647335,Recommended,248310,17050770,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Uventi,"I love this game so much, I've missed that classic sonic feel, but wow this is better than anything I could ever imagine. Dare I say better than most if not any Sonic game I've played! AIt addopts gameplay elements from classic titles, however, this game is not a ""ripp off,"" it very much it's own thing. Taking those classic elements and creating it's own unique style. So worth it!"
76561198025304381,Recommended,248310,17087775,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,phlangeface,If you owned a Sega Genesis you owe it to yourself to get this game.
,Recommended,248310,12238038,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,A N G E R Y    T O M,"This game's great! Blah blah blah about it looking like Sonic, I doubt anyonereallycares about how it looks, and let's be honest, with how Sonic is in it's current state, this game is better. Voice acting is solid, characters are likeable, running 2 fast n' fighting is fun. Now, if you don't have a gamepad(or 360 controller), I'd suggest getting one, as playing with a keyboard is kinda awkward. Anyhoo, I hope to see a sequel!"
,Recommended,248310,12812142,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,PaunchyPls,Sonic AND Gunstars?YES! GO FAST! GO BOOM! GO GIRLS!But don't go furry.
,Recommended,248310,12973965,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,TICAJE,I would give this game a 10/10.
,Recommended,248310,13143653,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Corndawg,This fills the horrible void in my stomach left by Sonic.
,Recommended,248310,15554069,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Loki Scarlet,"Do you have the BLAST PROCESSING for Freedom Planet? Can you handle Brevon's machines? Are you fast enough for high-speed, over-the-top Bullet Hell?Of course you don't. Of course you can't. Of course you aren't. That's what makes this game so fun when you're not destroying every fragile, expensive piece of equipment and drywall in your home out of pure, unbridled rage. So, pretty much everywhere but the overpowered bosses, you're not writing how much debt you plan to be in to fix the necessary equipment you need to live.Joking aside, the bosses are nearly impossible. You have to dodge faster than the game draws new frames, and take opportunities even twice as fast as you can dodge. If you can adapt to handle that, this game is for you. If you can't, well, too bad, this game is still for you. Unless you're a wimp."
76561198081145223,Recommended,248310,16524419,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Liquid-Divinium,"Ooh, another review!PROS:- Game looks amazing, with highly detailed sprites and backgrounds. The art style too is very good, with a lot of Chinese/Japanese elements.- Characters are immensely likeable (or hateable) and have disctinct personalites. Well, the fact they HAVE personalities at all considering the source of inspiration is a plus in and of itself.- Gameplay is more than just ""gotta go fast""; rather, there's more focus on the platforming than the speed. You know, where the focus in a platformer SHOULD be.- Speaking of Gameplay, combat is good too, as it is smoothly intergrated into the gameplay and doesn't feel out of place, unlike, say, Sonic Boom.- Music is astounding, but does weaken a little compared to standard Sonic soundtracks (or hell, even the Sequel fan trilogy).- There are moments in the game that are actually gripping and make you feel whatever emotion the game wants you to feel. Considering that this is the first game in a LONG time to do that to me, it means that the writers are doing their job for once.CONS- Ths game is HARD. Granted, it starts out challengining hard, but quickly spirals into DIMPS levels of cheapness, espcially the bosses. The final boss in particular is one of the cheapest bosses I have EVER fought in a video game.- The story is...pretty sucky. Nothing really happens in an interesting or strucutred order, they just kind of...happen. Think the Hero story in Sonic Adventure 2, where some of the levels just happen with no real set-up or reason.- There are also a lot of copouts, which make the story's gripping moments (described above) feel kinda redundant in hindsight.- And leading on from THAT, the story is perhaps a bit TOO lighthearted for its own good. Such as a scene almost from a cartoon leading on from a very unpleasent scene. Perhaps the story could do with being a bit darker, with more death and a larger focus on the protagonist's state of mind after some of the more...disturbing moments.- The voice acting is mediocre. Some like Dawn M Bennet (the voice of Lilac) certainly try, but others...kinda don't.- Some of the characters in the story are worthless to the story and don't actually DO anything.FINAL VERDICT:Issues with the story aside, this game is a GEM. One of the best games I've ever played, and certainly the best indie game. While Shovel Knight is more well known and Five Nights at Freddy's has the better story, the former is a bit too popular for its own good while the latter is a pretty poor ""game"" to begin with. Freedom Planet is Sonic the Hedghehog++ and after the childhood♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥atrocity of Sonic Boom: Rise of Lyric (as well as the addtional sledgehammer to the nuts with Sonic Boom: Fire & Ice and, of course, Angry Birds in Sonic Dash), Freedom Planet helps revive my hopes, purely by the fact that SOMEONE out there still cares about Sonic in some fashion.Because, well, the people who own him ♥♥♥♥ing don't."
,Recommended,248310,23465916,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Lumios,"Even though there are many glitches (Milla stage 2 skip) and a lot of things to change (also make that when you get a game over, something actually happen, I think it's just too easy to leave the player to the previous checkpoint), the game is still fun, playable and adorable. Everyone should play this honestly."
,Recommended,248310,12485340,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Tallan,"Not a bad game, I beat it within 7 hours (about 2 days to my satisfaction), and the storyline was interesting, the voice acting is well done, and why are you reading this review, just go buy it.my overall rating is A 7/10."
,Recommended,248310,16567053,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Vekter,"Have you:Owned a Genesis at any point in time?Wished there'd been a good Sonic game since Sonic & Knuckles?Played literallyanythingdeveloped by Treasure?Been dying for a good platformer with awesome visuals?If so, buy this game right this second."
,Recommended,248310,16112263,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,"Console.Write(""Amac1990\n"");","Compared to sonic. Improved graphics, enemies, combat, more animations, excellent story, better swimming, improved speed. The graphics may look old but the amount of animations presented in this game makes this game look as beautiful as a 3D game. Well worth the purchase."
76561198054031652,Recommended,248310,11523456,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,NewMoonShadow,"I felt bad about my last review, and upon further investigation, it turns out that improperly applied Thermal Paste was the cause of (some) of my prior issues. So I feel obligated to give the game a proper review, even though I don't normally give games reviews on Steam.The game bleeds 90's design but without the hardware limitations of the time. This means extensive cutscenes and full voice acting for the entire game is the norm, perhaps slightly too extensive at times, but it does drive home the liveliness and personality of the game's starring characters.The story is worth viewing once, but a bit too long-winded to suffer through repeat playthroughs.The game does feel sloppy at times though. For me at least, the ""Screen Resizing"" option simply doesn't work even post computer-fix, freezing up the game's video until I restart the game (this was the issue that made me assume the game was bugged before... because it IS, just not to the extent I believed). Also there are many stage gimmicks that seem designed one way but simply don't work properly. Similarly to ""Sonic the Hedgehog"" there are many springs placed around stages that seem positioned to rocket you in the appropriate direction, but don't give you the momentum they should, instead giving you a gentle nudge in the right direction and leaving you to slowly trudge along in that direction.There's a lot of little things in the game that don't work quite right, some rough patches here and there that keep it from being the seamless experience you get in a real 90's AAA title, but it's still a great game with a lot of heart and soul, and wonderfully realized characters."
,Recommended,248310,12465763,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Ashura,"Brought me back to the day when I first played Sonic 3 & Knuckles and was in awe. Freedom Planet is how I would imigine the child of Sonic and Rocket Knight Adventures would be like: Amazing soundtrack, blistering 2D sprite graphics, and tight and responsive controls that reward for exploration and also make you earn your speed as opposed to a rollercoaster on rails. If you are a fan of the oldschool Sonic games and miss that classic 16 bit gameplay and want to experience that in a new game, with an interesting story and endearing original characters, then you must get this game. It is amazing and well put together, and I can hear my inner child squeeling with glee as I race through the game."
,Recommended,248310,13527215,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Lorenze,"One of 2014's best games, hands down."
,Recommended,248310,13547984,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,MickJaegar,"All I can say is to see ""Somecallmejohnny""'s review of this game on Youtube, he hits the nail on the head.No point writing a block of text when someone else made a video.All I can say is that this game is worth 5 times it's full price, there's no excuse to not TRY it at the very least."
76561198059527036,Recommended,248310,15018563,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,meggieg7,Three non fetishised female leads kicking alien robots' arses.11/10 would play
,Recommended,248310,15873508,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,fatcat,What the new sonic games should have been.(just be sure to mute the horrible voice acting)
,Recommended,248310,17052420,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Lionarith,Cute and fun to play!
,Recommended,248310,13140875,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Grumpy Drizzle,"Sega could learn from Freedom Planet. That's how you make a good ""Sonic"" game."
76561198002024148,Recommended,248310,13255385,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Vojjin,"The elevator pitch for this game is ""Take Sonic the Hedgehog, remove all the layers of dissapointment from the franchise, then replace it with pure fun instead.""Its really good. Like reeeally good. Controls are smooth and responsive, both with KB/M and Gamepad. The different characters all feel very distinct from eachother and there is enough depth in all of them to make you interested in learning to use them properly. The Music is a bit generic (in my opinion) but gets the job done nicely. The visual design is great, especially if you enjoyed the look of early Sonic games.Freedom Planet is worth having in your library, no questions asked. Huge thumbs up from me!"
,Recommended,248310,32666247,Posted: 22 June,all,GrumpiestVulcan 🖖,PLAY THIS GAME AND BECOME ONE OF USONE OF USONE OF US+++++++++++++++/:----------://+++++++++++++++sdN|://////////////////////--------://////////////++|---://///odmmmh+///////////:-://///////////////+|--------::::::sdh+/////////////////////////////+|-------.`      -yd//////////+ooooo+/////////////|-----.`         :o////////+ymmmmmmmdho//////////|/:-:`   `:/.`   .://////+so+-`````.+smh+////++//|o+.`   `omNy-  `.-//////-.`         .oNho/+o+/:.|y/`    .mNy+. `.--//::-.`            .mMNdho//- |/-.    `/+.  `.-------.`      .-.    `-mMMMNNhs/|:-..`      `..--------.`    .:yNs`    .dMmds+++/|----........--+hh/----.`    /dMmo`    .hhs+/::::|-----------/:--:+/----.`    .-:-     `ohyssooooo|-----------ys:-:::-----.`           .ohhhhysssyh|-----------:yhyys+------..``      `.+hhhhhhhhhhh|---------------------------.......-:syhhhhhhhhhy|+---------------------------------:osssyyyyyysss|so:-------------------------------/ossssso+sssso|ssso:--------------------------:+o+/////++ossso/|ssssso:---------------------::+sssssssssssss+///|ssssss+////:------------:+oosssssssssss++sso+///ONE OF US
,Recommended,248310,17039695,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Alpha17x,One of those rare indie gems; Freedom Planet is one of those amazing games that console users wish they had but somehow it ended up on PC first.  If you loved the SNES/Sega Genesis platforming days this game is for you.
,Recommended,248310,11482905,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,FFSoul,"Freedom Planet is a fantastic platformer with tight as hell controls and a good difficulty curve to it.  The story, while pretty simple is enjoyable enough.  Just don't expect to much out of it however.  The voice acting is pretty good as well.  There are some points and characters where it could have gone better but other than that it's fairly well done.  I think my biggest complaint with the game however are the boss fights.  The first couple of bosses are fine, but as time goes on it seems that bosses get way to hard out of nowhere.  The normal sections of the game like I said have great difficulty curve but the bosses are a different story.  The biggest problem with this being is that a lot of the later bosses attack rediculously quickly and telegraph their attacks in little to no way.  It begins to boil down to having to memorize their exact attack patterns if any after countless deaths and exploiting your characters I-Frames just to pull through the abrupt damage that comes your way.  If you don't mind difficult boss fights than I guess you could ignore all that and find a wonderful platformer in Freedom Planet"
76561198083041896,Recommended,248310,24902146,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Phashift,"From Sonic to Gunstar Heroes, ""Freedom Planet"" is a throw back to many older games. It isn't just a throw back though, it is the start of a new franchise of it's own. I will say right off the bat, if you like older platformers or older high-pace action games, give this game a try. It is compared to something well known such as Sonic, or something as underrated as GunStar Heroes. It is of course, more commonly compared to the former. A quick fact is that this originally started as a Sonic fan-game, but with how popular it got, the creators are trying to make something more original for the sequel. The game is something better experienced by someone on their own though, I've never been a huge fan of reviews myself. The game has it's ups and downs, but what is good is up to the readers choice, along with what is bad. I personally, like the game as a whole, some bits are just better than others. You can decide what you think on your own, though some of these other reviews may give you a better idea. I myself am writing this review so I can support this game, and help people jump into this game before the sequel comes out. Here's to the start of something great."
,Recommended,248310,24973674,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,BILLPC2684,"ok so i got this game on the humble bundle charity sale and this is one of the best sega genesis recreation game :3it's has really nice graphics and when i look at graphics it give me the feeling that i'm playing a game that was made for the sega genesis but when on a computer (i play this game with my gamecube's control)and it's nice and smooth gameplay, i get always 60 FPS and the game's plot could have been worked out a bit more but besides that it's good, and the sounds remind me of sega genesis games, music is awesome and voice acting isn't that badi vote this game a 9.5/10 :D"
,Recommended,248310,13141782,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Naoya,"I'll start with the gameplay; The game is really fun, and is a callback to the classic Sonic games. The characters are fun to play as, the level design is excellent and the bosses are really exciting (except for that stupid dragon). If you're in it for the gameplay, I definitely recommend this game. However, I have one gripe with the gameplay. The traction is insane. You can walk up walls or jump into a slanted ceiling and start running up. If the traction was a bit more sane, the gameplay would have no flaws at all.Now on to non-gameplay related stuff. The music is really great, I love it. However, the voices were really grating. I hated them. Another thing I hate is the story. Normally, I wouldn't talk about the story on a Sonic-style platformer, but they clearly went out of their way for it, with a fully voiced story mode full of cutscenes (thankfully completely skippable by playing Classic mode). The characters are pretty awful, and I don't care much for their designs. Their personalities is where it really hurts though, as they're all pretty boring and annoying. If the cast was more interesting, perhaps I could have been more invested in the story. Also, the cutscenes are absurdly long for this kind of game. They should be much more concise and short. As I said earlier, the voiceacting really annoyed me, so that didn't help.This next problem is a bit more important I think; The game can't seem to decide if that one city is using a Chinese or Japanese setting. It's an unholy mix of both, and it was really annoying me. Choose one and stick with it, make different places for both, or just make something new.All in all, I recommend it, but only if you're in it for semi-solid Sonic-like gameplay and nothing else."
,Recommended,248310,12404345,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,☆S l e n d e r l o l i☆,"This game is like if you walked up to 8 year old me and asked ""What kind of game do you want exactly and we will make that game"".In other words...IT'S ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME!!"
,Recommended,248310,18576457,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Adam XYZ,"A total buy, I'm hoping that there will be a sequel because it's so much fun, the characters are all memorable, the gameplay and music are all fantastic, the story is there, and it has charm, but it's rather weak, it's just a nit pick, and my only real major problem is that the stages tended to overstay their welcome with a majority of the levels take about 9 to 15 minutes to complete.That's all the bad I have to say, everything else is really good, for $15 the price is damn impressiveMy score is a 9 out of 10"
76561198050802585,Recommended,248310,23577572,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/Awsometime7765,"So many people compare this game to Sonic The Hedgehog, but in my opinion there is really no comparison to be made here. More versatile and colorful level designs, creative boss fights, and much better story completely destroys sonic, I wouldcertainly recommend this game for anybody who wants a much better Sonic The Hedgehog."
76561198035774007,Recommended,248310,33251989,Posted: 4 July,all,Senpai Stirner,When's the last time a game's soundtrack was so good you actually swore out loud? If you can't remember it's time to play Freedom Planet.
76561198065146381,Recommended,248310,15470504,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,PiggyBackBandit,"My quick review: Buy the game. No I'm not being witty. Shut up and buy the game. No I've got no clue if that's a lizard or a green cat on a motor cycle either. Now shut up and give these people your money. Why are you still reading this? The only people still reading this and not playing this game are people who hate fun and joy.So, do you like Sonic in not a creepy furry way? Do you wish Sonic 3 had way better music? And that the back ground had a ton more stuff to do in it and alot more detail? Have you ever said ""Man I wish my sprite was kinda peppy and would dance in the presence of a disco ball!"" If so then this is the game for you. Its smooth, looks amazing, plays amazing, and takes allt eh cool stuff of the sonic series and several other platformers from way back when and just makes them new and fun all over again. Every level Iw as finding some new back ground item I could mess with or something new to do. The mechanics were solid and best of all, my game pad works perfect with it. I want to call it a nostalgia bomb, but really, its so good it really holds up on its own.Buy this game."
,Recommended,248310,12018332,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,(+∩-) Captain Moregun,This game outdoes Treasure. 4000/10.
,Recommended,248310,12224339,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Judge Dredd The Techno Viking,"Before I start, this game is going places. They've already stated they want to bring more to it, and you can definitely see what they're planning when you play.Now then, I waited 2 years for this game, finding it 20 days after the kickstarter ended. I used to play the demo a bunch in class. I never really found any games that were worth my time other than this one, because replaying it was so fun and satisfying.The gameplay is top-notch. There's points where you go fast and points where you hit stuff, and they're all beautiful.The music does its job incredibly well. The main Freedom Planet ""theme"" is mixed in to a lot of stages.The story is pretty alright, nothing special, but I enjoyed the small details on the palace interiors and the cutscene areas. I really enjoyed their art style.Just watching the game is beautiful. You can see the effort put into the backgrounds and stages, taking some of eastern culture into account for most of it.The controls are amazing, as well. There's 3 buttons, jump and attack, and they are mapped to Z and X (but I used a Gravis Gamepad Pro, so meh) and another modifier button for special moves that use a power meter that replenishes over time..The combat is really impressive. You have multiple abilities to use, whether it's a downward slash, a charge attack, or a spin. There's a lot to use in any fight.10/10 game just buy it already it's $10 and there's more things coming outEdit:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=317491793"
,Recommended,248310,23287507,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Thrillho,"So before I start, let me get something off my chest.I don't think that Sonic the Hedgehog is a good game series. Even the classics on Genesis weren't very good. The controls are the worst, the levels are a mess, and the boss fights are tedious. The early 3D games are bad for some other reasons, but that's not as hard a sell. Sonic is pretty much an awful series with great character design and awesome music (in the 2D games).This game is amazing. The levels, while massive and maze-like, actually have some direction and natural flow to them. I've never run head-first into spikes or pits. The music is fantastic as well.The controls are the best part about it. When you're moving, it feels like Sonic at its best. The biggest difference is that I can stop moving when I need to, start moving when I want to, and handle platforming without feeling like I have bricks tied to my feet. Because I can control my character, I can participate in combat. Surprisingly, the combat is great, too! Simple enough to be easy, but with enough variety that I feel like I have some freedom in fighting. The bosses are big and exciting, and the fights play out in a way that isn't just jumping on them.Sonic Team, shut it down. Sega, hire these guys."
76561198053298401,Recommended,248310,13734045,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,I N F I N I T E   E D G E,"I was like whooosh, vroom, loopty loop n♥♥♥♥♥♥ 0/10 best game ever"
,Recommended,248310,16682929,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Tiler,do not select adventure mode
76561198052874618,Recommended,248310,32188179,Posted: 4 June,all,spudling16,Its sonic if your a ♥♥♥♥ing degenerate. whats there to like?
76561198060912081,Recommended,248310,30345372,Posted: 5 March,all,Doctor Cure YT 500 Subs,this game is about furrys and i like that ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,248310,12686739,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Sixcorby,"FREE DUMB PLANETno but seriously buy this game it's one of the best 2d platformers ever created, totally worth the 15 bucks.also i <33333 carol she's so adorable"
,Recommended,248310,17092919,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,babuska,its a very fun game
,Recommended,248310,12564338,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Kurogaea,"Nothing short of amazing. The gameplay is pretty solid and fun, but even if you make a mistake or choose a wrong path there's plenty of things for you to explore and discover. The music is awesome, not much for me to say about it other than it was so good that I would have the character stay still just to listen to it on occasion (also considering to buy the soundtrack ;) ). The visuals were very well done, especially near the end of the game where you see characters and stuff interacting with eachother in the background as you progress. One thing that bothered me about that though was that I would get confused of the backgrounds in some of the levels as they would blend into the platforms as it would sometimes give the illusion of a wall being there or my character isn't moving. Didn't happen much, but annoyed me a little at times.I played as Lilac first as she's the first character you get to choose and it was pretty darn fun. From the looks of most of it and I can't say for sure (so I'll update this later) but it seems like the stories don't change much with diffrent characters so I would just have to watch the same cutscene I watched with Lilac. One final thing I need to say is, the voice acting. Lol is the best way to put it, but putting consideration of what the designers had to do to get this game going I cant say much, but, as my friend said, ""It's Arc Rise all over again"". The voice acting isn't terrible and it ain't aming for an oscar or anything, but I simply said ""It's funny-bad"". Of course it's not that bad to bomb its rating I'm about to give it as the gameplay defines this game alot better and the animation during the cutscenes are full of life and had alot of work put into it. On a side note, you get to choose the classic mode option to play the game without story so there's that. Soooo this game gets a 9.3/10 from me.  In 10 years or so this game would be an old time classic to me and I'd play it with a goofy looking smile on my face enjoying sweet 2d-platforming-highspeed goodness."
76561198040899012,Recommended,248310,13166357,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,bchaston,"Looks and feels like a Sega game from the 90's. It has a lot of charm and character. If you are into oldschool style games, you need to play this. This is probably one of the most underrated gems of this year."
,Recommended,248310,14077432,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,roflBeck,Literally GOTY
76561198305787433,Recommended,248310,30401855,Posted: 8 March,all,novacore,this game is comenly compard to sonic and i can se why but ... it is whay better the charecters ar morr interesting the music is jest as good but i like the game play jest as much if not moor especaly compared to most of the new onesthe boses are diferend and fun (mostly) the charecters all play difrently and hav there own percenalety 9but a few a clechey) the levles are all fun and never realy god repetativ and the music is amaising on pare whith be best tracks in platforming games in my opinionso i wold recement this game whith all my hart its not perfect also it mat jest be me but this game can be hard som times so its fun (also the voise acting can be shoty at times)
,Recommended,248310,11979807,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,KainDarkfire,"I don't know what to tell you if you're looking for a recommendation.  Maybe you think this is some knockoff?  Maybe you're on the fence because of some intolerance to 'furries' or something?  Well, throw those ideas in the trash.  This is where the Sonic franchise would go if it stuck true to its winning formula instead of trying so hard to be in 3D.  Three parts speed to one part platforming and two parts ridiculous.I hope they make another game, maybe tweak some things here and there and rehash the same base game a few times over, kinda like classic Megaman- you've got a really good game, now just wrap good story and level design around it a few times more."
,Recommended,248310,20169123,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,walker113,Awsome game with every character having a different playstyle. 10/10 soundtrack too.
,Recommended,248310,11442214,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,TomMassey250,Best 2D Action Platformer I've ever played. Its a Sonic-style sequel that sonic never got (and died on his♥♥♥♥♥♥ I love Carol! So awesome <3
,Recommended,248310,20287562,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Reala,its ok i guess
,Recommended,248310,21589036,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Teru,"If you liked the Sonic Classics and are looking for that with a bit more OOMPH you've come to the right place.Great music and gameplay, wonderful colourful art, decent voice-acting and a neat storyline combineto make this a really fun experience right from the get-go.If you're looking for a more basic, classical style of play you can skip the story entirely and play Classic mode which just leads you through all the stages of the game without cutscenes.I don't have any gripes with this game besides that some of the levels do feel a little long, that's about it on negatives though."
76561198073417096,Recommended,248310,17912686,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Rintarou Okabe,you must own this game. that's all I need to say.
,Recommended,248310,31551702,Posted: 4 May,all,Lord Socky,"Sparkle dragon lady twirling through magical forests, rainbow crystal chasms and Chinese disco malls.The sequel cannot possibly come fast enough."
,Recommended,248310,32781246,Posted: 25 June,all,～ラメ !～Arias•◡•,Uhmm Sonic who??
,Recommended,248310,19904833,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Volphied,"So... the controls are tight and responsive, the levels are very well designed, the gameplay is satisfying and just feels good, and the often criticized story is... okay, yes. The story is a mix of ""Saturday Morning Cartoon"" and ""Fan Fiction."" But you know what? Maybe that's okay. I am not going to defend it as a great work of video game storytelling, because it's obviously not. That said, however, it was written and acted by a group of excitably enthusiastic amateurs with an earnest sincerity that I couldn't help but find charming. It was ham-handed, dorky, melodramatic, and a little incoherent at times, but that's okay. It's okay to like something that started as a work of fan fiction. It doesn't make one a bad person.For many, this game will fall outside their comfort zone. I hope someday they can give it another shot without their phobia of ""furries"" or ""sonic fans"" getting in the way of their enjoyment, because there is a really really good game in here. But, you know, that's okay. It's not for everyone."
,Recommended,248310,30440114,Posted: 10 March,all,rickylows2,i like this game the game play will remind of a classic 2d sonic game because of fast the characters will go at times but the problem this game isnteresting enough to keep you coming
,Recommended,248310,26864477,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wishmaker_Latias,"Trying to convince any of my friends that didn't already own the game didn't quite work as they just simple wrote it off as a Sonic rip-off.Well it's a shame really. They missed out on an amazing game.I don't really want to compare this game to anything, but I could point out a few things people used to complain.Too long cutscenes(but I didn't mind really, because my first playthrough was very slow as I searched for secrets while going for the Gem Hoarder achievement) which may annoy some people.Some also said that it's too hard, but I personally disagree, I got all achievements and beat the game on Hard. The characters, which are quite subjective in terms of difficulty, are really different.Lilac is generally considered to be the easiest.Milla kind of should be harder(because they reduced HP for some bosses and removed/altered a few bits of the game) but her moves can be used with some ingenuity to make quick work of almost everything.Carol however is quite hard due to a limited moveset and your only leverage being walls, which aren't always present and that does really ramp up the difficulty in some places.The speedrun achievements however should be harder as most were really easy to get.The music is wonderful, the spritework is fantastic and the cast of characters memorable.If you can get past the stigma of furries and all of the sonic rip-off tags this game seems to get you will truly find something wonderful really worth playing."
76561198141641854,Recommended,248310,14300660,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Mumbostache,I highly recommend this game for anyone that truly love the old play style of the old Sonic the headgehog games. Freedom Planet is an originol games that I Highly sugest you should try.
,Recommended,248310,29303059,Posted: 16 January,all,Get some!,:lilacstare:
76561198201104167,Recommended,248310,29099887,Posted: 7 January,all,UltraDargonMaid64HD!,This game is good sonic
76561198055295759,Recommended,248310,14024900,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Roy,Yes
76561197996565604,Recommended,248310,18386375,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Moving Target,"Pros:Solid voice acting.Tight controls.Brilliant boss fights.Large levels (took me an average of 12mins to complete each).Fantasic sound track.Difficult enough to be challenging without punishing the player (on normal).Up to 3 different and unique charcters to play.Did not experiance frame rate issues.Cons:The story, while entertaining lacks depth.In comparison to the Sonic games which it is inspired from; there are no bonus levels, chaos emerald equivalents, multiplayer or A-E rankings upon completing the stage.General thoughts:A must buy for Sonic fans. For those who are not, this game has a great deal of polish to at least consider it, especially if it is on sale."
,Recommended,248310,21778614,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Kirito,"+5 glory points won.PROS------- Beautiful level design, characters, and attention to detail- Awesome graphics for a 2D pixel game- Sonic 2-like gameplay, except it's much easier and Tails (or Carol in this case) isn't there to annoy the f*** out of you- Likable characters- Driven plotline- Very fun!CONS------- Awkward voice acting- Audio sometimes skips at certain times- Game crashes infrequently, usually during cutscenes- Very long, but progressive levels. You could be playing on a single level for over 10 minutes"
76561198063090599,Recommended,248310,27714673,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mr. Knuckle Chuckle,It good
,Recommended,248310,11510261,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Volkanfury,Best sonic game I played in forever 10/10
,Recommended,248310,14149733,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Aleth,This is some serious gem. That was AWESOME.
76561198054671618,Recommended,248310,19165326,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,smit.kirby,it needs a cheat Engine table to be better.gameplay is great.
76561197967668421,Recommended,248310,20422444,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Feanor,"*DUNN DUNN*She don't take no prisoners*DUNN DUNN*Gonna give me the business*DUNN DUNN*Got a dragon on my back*DUNN DUNN*ITS A DRAGON ATTACK!Freedom Planet is a love letter to Sega Genesis platformers (or Mega Drive for the hipsters,) in particular, the original Sonic the Hedgehog trilogy.  You choose one of three different characters who play very differently, making the game worth three different playthroughs.Freedom Planet owes a lot to Sonic, but it plays by different rules that make the game feel much smoother, more fun, and while its more difficult, its much more fair.  Sonic could move at blazing speeds but is sent reeling back at the touch of an enemy.  In Freedom Planet, you can whizz through any enemy, because only their attacks are what can hurt you,. and suddenly speed runs make much more sense.Lilac is the heroine, a brash dragon creature who is basically that ""better Sonic.""  She can go from zero to full speed, charge through enemies, bounce off walls, and defend herself at close range with melee attacks.Carol Tea, a wildcat, can't move as fast (at first), but can scale walls and roll down declines for better speed.  She specializes in lighter, more rapid melee attacks.  She can scale walls like X and Zero, and make use of platforms specifically for her.  Upon spotting fuel, she gets her motorcycle and can move much faster without compromising the rest of her mobility (which makes it strange when she's scaling walls and climbing ladders on her bike, but just roll with it.)The odd character out is Milla, the least mobile of the characters.  She has her own set of levels to make the most of this.  She can produce energy shields and blocks that can be thrown at enemies, and fly a light distance in the air.The world of Freedom Planet is a cartoony East Asian fantasy world where everyone is a fighter (think Avatar.)  The story is about the trio stopping an alien invastion while being hindered by the terrible judgement of the cynical authority figures around them (again, think Avatar.)  It takes a turn for the tragic as time goes by.The game is an absolute joy to play.  A major congradulations go to this as an example of successful crowdfunding."
76561198033602078,Recommended,248310,19976053,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Citronvand,"The best Sonic game since the 16-bit era (Megadrive / Genesis). If you are like me that loves the old 2D Sonic games but think the games that came after the Megadrive were either♥♥♥♥♥♥or average at best, then this is the game for you."
76561198227252032,Not Recommended,248310,32945776,Posted: 28 June,all,tkeller71097,"I REALLY wanted to like this one guys. I see the promise, it's right there in front of me! I grew up with the Sonic games so I felt right at home during the first half of the game, but the second half put me through a difficulty curve that I just could not get around.If you play anything like I do, you'll have a surplus of lives during the main stages. Blue gems are extremely easy to collect and there are bonus rooms that net you even more lives, HOWEVER...Every boss after the second half gave me absolute hell, to the point where I swear it's just trial and error. After much grief over previous stage bosses, I finally made it to the stage 8 boss where he burned through all 15+ of my lives. I finally threw my hands into the air and exclaimed ""I can't beat him."" I know that lives in this game are overall pointless because of how continues work, but I honestly don't care anymore. I rarely (seriously) call anything in games ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, but stage 8's boss was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, not to mention the other bosses that I just barely scraped by with (I'm looking at you stage 4).I may just be bad at the game, but I don't see what's fair about most bullet hell attacks from bosses AND minor stage enemies blatantly ignoring invincibility frames. If I wanted to play a brutally hard bullet hell game like Touhou, I would load up some Touhou, but what I got was a Sonic game with a combat system that didn't work for the bosses that were thrown at me.Again, I had fun there at the beginning, but trial and error bosses are where I draw the line. Sorry guys."
,Recommended,248310,13799134,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,★TUNA ★,Awesome sauce!
,Recommended,248310,24549847,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Dino_Nerd,This is the greatest sanic game of all time.
,Recommended,248310,20169003,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Trash Mammal,As good as or better than Sonic Generations.Also you can make akward pauses in the cutscenes. 10/10
76561198061850638,Recommended,248310,23436988,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Corral Summer,Sonic ripoff but with more furry bait. It's pretty good.7.5/10
,Recommended,248310,21093631,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Furry Eskimo,It plays the way my nostalgia remembers Sonic 2.Only better.
,Recommended,248310,26975621,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jamesnathen2 /Flutterdrive,"this game is what a sonic game wishes it could be. also, sprinkle in some megaman x and megaman zero, yoshi's island(?), and a bunch of other mechanics and you got youself a great game. and frankly, my favorite game."
,Recommended,248310,13843684,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Jabbu san,good game good people behind it and generally good posters on a forum they started this on overall i give it a 5/5 would buy againalso it's licensed under CC-BY-NC 3.0 Unportedit would be better if this was under CC-BY-SA but having a creative commons license at all makes it better than competitors despite that flaw
76561197994894758,Recommended,248310,20721751,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Awesome Fox,"Very enjoyable game.The only real complaint I had is that to start I found some of the boss battles very frustrating, especially the ones near the end of the game. But then I found out that those ones have a health deplay in the background. It's strange, but that made what used to be frustrating much more enjoyable. Still hard, but now since I can tell how well I'm progressing, it greatly helps modivation to keep at it and finally beat it.The graphics and music are awesome, and I love how all the characters play differently.Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,248310,29731854,Posted: 5 February,all,Anarchy,"If you grew up on sega games or are just after a good challenging platformer with a lot of variety, this is the game for you. Solid music, gameplay and graphics."
,Recommended,248310,18841686,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Dangerous Beans,Battle Sanic. Not even joking.This is so much like Sonic fanfic that I keep expecting Tails to show up and announce that he's actually a girl.
76561198307413377,Recommended,248310,24011680,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,spark_KIRBY,"I playedte demo on Wii U last year, wanted it but my mum never got around to actaully buying it.now in the steam summer sale i bought for a good rice.however i don`t have a xbox controller or steam thing to play it properlly.playing with keyboard sucks alot, spent 15 mintues changing controlls and they STILL SUCKED!when i get a steam controller i wil actaully play this game.due to me enjoying it on the wii U i will stil recommend it.for now its a 7.5/10"
,Recommended,248310,24039888,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Bokoura,It's a shameless Sonic fanfiction that's surprisingly fun and charming.
76561198079464443,Recommended,248310,23991851,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,The Real John Stepp,Good game
76561198168901336,Recommended,248310,27484206,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ripjaw345,"This game is like if Sonic team decide to make another property that is as good as sonic. Like sonic it has speed yet the combat really fits the game well. The story can be long, but is compelling. The game has action at every turn. This is what I felt was a great love letter to sonic. If your a fan of the classic sonic games give this a try since it has a demo. Heck even if you don't like sonic you might enjoy it. I even have a 100% club for people who got all the achievements in this game."
,Recommended,248310,33226140,Posted: 4 July,all,Kirby The Meme Man™,"idk what to say, just buy the game it's only 10 pound or whatever it is in dollars"
76561198043858992,Recommended,248310,33202472,Posted: 3 July,all,Lord George Gordon Byron,"This game is sonic, but better."
76561197971794367,Recommended,248310,33268397,Posted: 5 July,all,$ON!C,so much fun. This is thr Sonic game we always wanted!!!
,Recommended,248310,16514290,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,danly,"It's like Sonic 2, but with a greater variety of mechanics, a better story, and it's not Sonic 2 so you probably haven't played it ad nauseum yet."
,Recommended,248310,29122699,Posted: 8 January,all,Dente,10/10 Really cool music. Play this game before you die or something!?
,Recommended,248310,30645711,Posted: 20 March,all,Akira,Blue streak speeds bySonic the Hedgehog!Too fast for the naked eyeSonic the Hedgehog!SonicHe can really moveSonicHe's got an attitudeSonicHe's the fastest thing alive!Look out when he storms throughSonic the Hedgehog!Don't doubt what he can doSonic the Hedgehog!SonicHe can really moveSonicHe's got an attitudeSonicHe's the fastest thing alive!He's the fastest thing alive!He's the fastest thing alive!
,Recommended,248310,11459452,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Battlechili,"So after spending a long time playing this game before finally beating it, I really do think this is one of the best indie games out there. If you've ever played an old Sonic game or maybe and old Mega Man X game and liked them, you'll be happy to hear that this game is in a sort of in between place for those games. Its got the exhilerating high speed of Sonic with the action and fights of a Mega Man X game. Gameplay involves running through well designed levels made to complement either Lilac or Carol's (the two characters you can currently play as in Adventure mode) individual unique abilities, all while traveling at high speeds (or taking it slow if you like), fighting awful baddies sent out by Lord Brevon, and enjoying the fun of going through loop-de-loops and running up/down walls. Levels are varied, with them going anywhere from taking place in a sunny mountain to a scientific lab. The game starts off easy (perhaps even a tad bit too easy) but picks up steam as you progresses, all the way to the point to where the game can get extremely difficult (average death amount for the last few levels made its way to over 100 deaths). But even so, there are multiple difficulty settings to change how hard the game will be, so if you don't think you're very good at these sorts of games don't worry.The game has a nice length and load of content for an indie game (or any game really). While the main adventure mode itself, cutscenes left in, will probably only last around 8 hours if you're playing on a normal difficulty, higher difficulties can drag the game out, and character specific cutscenes depending on what character you play as add replayability. And besides that, there's also a special time attack mode with more levels to play along with the option to play as Milla (another character) rather than Lilac or Carol. Added to that, there's a bonus Mahjong mini game, lots of secrets to find and collect and plenty of achievements to unlock. As of this moment, while its not out yet, it was also stated by the game devs that the game would later allow one to play as the characters Torque and Spade (they're introduced in the adventure mode of the game along with Milla), perhaps with Milla even having her own Adventure mode too, all as free DLC. In the end, the game offers a lot of replayability and should last a really long time. As of right now I've put about 18 hours into the game and I've only scratched the surface (and that DLC isn't even out yet).The adventure mode of the game has all the levels of the game in it with cutscenes and a storyline attached. If you aren't in it for the story or don't like the cutscenes, you can skip them or play the classic mode of the game (which already features Milla as a playable character, though you may have to unlock her through play. I'm not sure). In doing so however, you might find yourself to be missing out, as the game offers a decent though compelling enough story to keep the player interested. The basic idea is that this evil dude named Brevon has come to take the Kingdom Stone (an item full of energy or electricity or whatever you want to call it) and who else but you will have to stop him. In idea it sounds extremely simple but that's really the tip of the iceberg. The game genuinely has a decent amount of focus on story, with a decent amount of surprises and a couple really shocking moments in this game, most of which are well built in showing just how dangerous Brevon really is. He's no Eggman. He's a man with a plan ready to kill. It even shows in the opening cutscene of the game, as Brevon is extremely brutal. Its done so well in fact that it sets this game apart from other games that have really lame antagonists, or gams that have antagonists that are hatable for all the wrong reasons. Brevon is a genuinely cool, simple yet well built well characterized villain. The story also benifits not only from how well the villain was done, but by the characterization of Lilac, Carol, and even Milla. You grow to care about these characters as the game continues(it helps that some cutscenes exist entirely for characterization), and that makes any story events all the more impactful. Now, while I say this game has a decent emphasis on story, by no means does that bog the gameplay down. At a few moments the cutscenes seem to last a little longer than they should, but overall they rarely overstay their welcome and you have plenty of opportunity to enjoy the gameplay, especially in the later stages when the game cuts down on the cutscenes and the difficulty increases.Disregarding the gameplay and story, this game has a fine soundtrack, on par with Mega Man X's music. Its also similar in sound, as, just like Mega Man X games, the music doesn't seem to be orchestral (note that this does not hurt the game in the slightest, and actually improves the game). The main theme is catchy and easy to remember (and it appears even when you get temporary invincibility), some boss music (boss track 3 in particular) sound fast paced and action packed, and some of the main stages have some great music to suit the stage at hand. Some of it is dramatic as if something big just happened (one even has a couple lyrics in it, with a person starting the song with ""If this is my destiny...There is no turning back""), and others are a tad mellow and are meant to be a bit more relaxing and calm, or perhaps sound more ancient. Other times it sounds like you're going to your doom, especially on the later Final Dreadnaught levels and the Brevon theme. The game comes with the soundtrack in its Steam folder too (in ogg vorbis format), and you'll be able to enjoy it (though the dev has stated that he'll release a higher quality OST with unused tracks later on). Now while we're talking about sound, it might be worth mentioning that while the music is great, the voice acting is all over the place. Some characters have great voice actors and great voices, while others sound like they're overacting or don't know how to act period. This doesn't harm the game too much; most events sound how they need to and the story and meaning behind things aren't hurt by it, but nonetheless it is a problem, which can especially seen with Prince Dail's father's voice in the opening cutscene. The quality of the microphone being spoken into also appears to vary between voice actors, with some sounding incredible and others sounding slightly amateurish, though overall the sound quality itself is all right.If you'll notice, the game has the graphical style of older games, but despite this it doesn't hurt from it. Sprite art is a dying thing these days and even sprites can be cool to look at, show emotion, and even be endearing, and this game delivers. The game is also full of color, and it winds up being very pretty to look at, much moreso than old Sonic games, so if you're worried they'll look like that you have nothing to fear. The art is great.So in the end, I REALLY recomend buying this game, especially if you want to support more games like it."
,Recommended,248310,11373398,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Drif.io •✖•,"The characters reek of 14 year old Deviantart Sonic The Hedgehog fanfiction, the writing is absolutely awful, and the voice acting is even worse.But all of that doesn't matter because the gameplay is fun as hell.10/10 goty"
,Recommended,248310,16738943,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Renim ☕,sonic
,Recommended,248310,17283302,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,f  e  e  l  i  n  g  l  i  f  e,Does a better Sonic than Sonic.
76561198020575563,Recommended,248310,24147720,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,BBQBaconBurger,"I bought this game after watching it on SGDQ. HOW DID I NOT KNOW A GOOD SONIC GAME WAS MADE IN THE LAST 15 YEARS?!?!This game is amazing: The level design, combat, music, VA, its all flawless. If I was SEGA I'd be handing these guys a blank check and begging them to make a sonic game.Pros:+Basically sonic before it started to suck+Awesome combat+Great music+Multiple characters+Awesome plot+Milla+Milla's flutter ears+Milla digging+More MillaCons:*SPOILER WARNING*-The main villian turns Milla into a monster and you have to fight her. I appreciate the viscious beatdown Lilac gives him afterward, but there's no option to take a chainsaw to his *Censored*(Would much appreciate this as DLC or a feature in the sequel)11/10 would Milla again."
76561198010335843,Recommended,248310,28962870,Posted: 2 January,all,Plebleb,"It's actually pretty good. The level design isn't quite as memorable as Sonic 2 or 3 & Knuckles though One flaw is that the game zooms too far in on your character. Seriously, you'll take a ton of leaps of faith because you can't see enough at a time. It's also a pretty easy game, nothing in the game or level design poses a serious threat. Other than that it's a fun ride, there's also 3 playable characters and some have their own levels.I forgot to mention, there's some glitches here and there that are annoying. A few times directly after completing a level the game froze on me, deleting all my progress for that level. Another time the game skipped a level when I played as the rabbit character."
76561198092793143,Recommended,248310,11462123,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,clutetot,nice fur 10/10
76561198073351897,Recommended,248310,33205227,Posted: 3 July,all,Renegade Demon,It was ok 5/10Unless you are a furry and have seen R34 of the characters. Then it becomes a 11/10.You animals.
76561198025497973,Recommended,248310,34902160,Posted: 12 September,all,zinoelgato,"I believe that this game started as a fan-made Sonic game that evolved into a full fledge game. And this is basically a Sonic game, and if it wasn't for Sonic Maina I'd say but good. But what sets this game apart form the Sonic game that I've played are the amazing bosses! This is what I'll take away form this game and probably the thing I'll remember most fondly, the absolutely amazing bosses!!!And if anyone is wondering this game is fairly easy, it even has a easy mode so don't sweat it if you only want to breeze through the game in a relaxing fashion.I'd give it a solid 7/10."
,Not Recommended,248310,28684803,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Alien Rope Burn,"Well, this was a snake in the grass.Sonic the Hedgehog was always kind of a sloppy platformer. It sold itself on speed, but often delivered right angles, hazards, and enemies that slowed you down... when it wasn't throwing you underwater or forcing you to hang on bars, anyway. It's memorable for its colorful graphics and sense of wonder, but the design was always pretty loose. For the record, I've only played through as Lilac (the Dragon) on normal difficulty to story completion, but I think that's enough to pass judgement, and seems intended as the core game.And so Freedom Planet sells itself as a Sonic-styled retro platformer with colorful furry characters and, to some extent, that holds true. They definitely know how to do a game that feels like Sonic, coming from Sonic modding, and so Freedom Planet at least feels like a Sonic game for the first half or so. There's also some influence from the Japanese studio Treasure in some of the boss design (there's one that may as well have been lifted right from Gunstar Heroes), and just the lack of modern upgrades - what you start with is what you get.Unlike Sonic, thought, it requires more thought, for better or worse, thanks to a power bar that's used up by special moves. And honestly, that's a bit unsatisfying, but at least lets you do power charges with proper forethought. But it works against the notion of implusive, speedy play, and instead sometimes forced me to literally stop and wait for my power bar to fill before launching myself through a platforming challenge, and that's a problem. Recharges for that bar are few and far between, so expect to occassionally just have Lilac park herself while waiting for that bar to charge.The bosses are more elaborate than the original Sonic games (once again, the Treasure influence), and that's where the trouble starts. In the latter half of the game, the bosses become tremendous difficulty spikes that require study and rote memorization- unless you know what they're going to unleash, they'll throw full-screen attacks that will slice off half your health bar without you noticing. And no, there's no dashing to snag that one ring like Sonic does and retain your life. You beat that boss with the health bar you've got. And to be clear, I died 70 times in Freedom Planet, and about 90% of that was in the latter half of the game. Bosses frequently deal out a lot of damage or do screen-clearing attacks, and unless you've managed that power bar for a moment of dash invincibility, you'll often be at their mercy. And this is on ""normal"" difficulty. I hesitate to see what controller-breaking misery awaits on ""hard"". It's indicative that some of the final boss fights don't start with the boss themselves, but instead throw you through a quick gauntlet of enemies that can weaken you before what are already punishing foes to face. It certainly doesn't encourage me to play with the other characters, or, indeed, play this game again.The misery doesn't begin and end with the frustrating boss fights. In the game latter half of the game, it takes a darker turn thematically, with explicit torture, death, and body horror, and Lilac howling in constant pain or rage in each cutscene, or moaning in despair. It's a bizarre turn that's remarkably unpleasant, and though it doesn't go into the depths of many grim modern platformers, it comes without warning. It doesn't help that Brevon, the villain, is just a charmless dealer of misery, and I sighed every time he came on screen to gloat. Yes, I get it, devs, he's a bad bad guy. He also looks goofy and is written hammily in the worst way. Having a Saturday morning cartoon villain burn a character's skin off is... I don't know what they were thinking. It doesn't work.Also, why the hell does it only save at the start of a level and not within its individual stages? Why does it bother having a life system? I didn't realize a level wasn't complete at one point and quit out, only to find out I had to complete all the stages and a very hard boss on top of that. It's particularly bizarre because it lets you continue infinitely, but still doesn't save at that point. I'm not sure what the point of all that is, other than to waste my time in redoing sections the game should know perfectly well that I've done.All that in mind, I can't recommend Freedom Planet. It will appeal to some, and for those hungering for another Sonic game deeply, you'll probably find it worth your while. It's frustrating to me, because the designers obviously know what they were doing, but just took it in ther wrong direction. But it doesn't quite have the wonder or charm those games did, instead trying to drag Sonic- er, Lilac kicking and screaming into an adult's world of hardcore challenges and grim themes. And in that, that shine wears off and the sloppiness that Sonic has always had is the only thing left showing through."
,Recommended,248310,22932580,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Ultrablockstar,"I'm re-writing my review for this game due to several factors, most of which I will keep from this review because of bias. However my opinion regarding this game has drastically changed over the past two years. For the most part, Freedom Planet have aged fairly poorly, though that doesn't mean I will give the game a negative review despite my disagreement with the developer's decisions regarding the game's future. It's their, so I have no right to say what they can and can not do with their game... to a degree.The story, ironically enough, have improved for me and my opinions towards this aspect have became more positive. After further analysis and observation, I realize the plot for Freedom Planet is more in-depth than it initially lets on, of course rather this was deliberate or not, isn't particularly known (Though based on past interactions with him, implies the latter). Either way the characters feels like actual characters and some cutscene emphasises how they're still ordinary girls, despite being capable of destroying armies of metallic robots with their bare hands... or at least... they used to. The general premise and plot itself isn't the problem, but the presentation and approach of the story is. The pacing is poor and the dialogue cuts have only made things worse (Though considering the game uses voice acting, Strife doesn't have much a choice), further more the game lacks proper context, which might be resolved in the future campaigns at the very least. Milla's story mode in particular appears to be hardly any different to the main two campaigns with a few exceptions, which makes me wonder why it took over a year and a half for the update to arrive honestly. I haven't played Milla's adventure mode, so I won't judge entirely, nor would I recommend the read to take my word for it regarding Milla's story mode as the following is based off what I'veheard. According to people who've played her adventure mode and warned me about it's ending in particular that it's non-canonical, which was to be expected, however a unique final boss would've caused less controversy, but I digress. The other thing is that it provides even less context than the canonical story-line as you see Carol taking Milla's place during Final Dreadnaught 3 and onwards. The last thing I heard was how Lilac took over at the ending cutscene after Brevon 2's defeat, which some have called out as a Deus Ex Machina, complaining how if Milla's story is noncanonical, then they should've at least allowed her to fight Brevon 3 and do the finish blow, and if this is the case, I would agree.My opinions regarding the gameplay have diminished. The game itself is still enjoyable, but after playing the game for so long, the difficulty of the game have became an increasing problem. Contrary to what most people would say, I personally find Freedom Planet easy by platformer standards, no, this does not mean that I want bottomless pits everywhere (Though playing Shovel Knight enough times have taught me to disregard bottomless pits, as I become increasingly used to dying to them, I'm sure the characters themselves have learn to knum the pain of their bodies getting crushed or pierced everytime an unsuspecting player plumits them to their deaths), but instead the real issue with the game's difficulty is most the balancing issues it displays. The player is extrodinarily powerful in-comparison to the enimies, in a genre where it usually only takes two hits to kill you because, well, everything is out to kill you anyways, the player is given significantly more health than usual and most games that does this would compensate through providing stronger and smarter enemies. The enemies in Freedom Planet are fairly weak and the few enimies with AIs... have an IQ smaller than a toddler, they can be easily overpowered with powerful attacks, cheesed with insane defenses or plain outsmarted. Most professional reviews are usually first impressions, logically you will die a lot on your first playthrough, however it's also logical you will die a lot when you switch to adeliberatelydrastically different character as well. Yes, this means it will take at least three playthroughs to get the hang of the whole game, but once you understand the game it becomes easy to master. Most of the frustration from the game (Based on viewing some blind-playthroughs), is because the game doesn't punish you enough for mundane and usually unintelligible antics, such as spamming certain attacks, of course once players learn to use other strategies, again the game becomes trivial in difficulty. In fact the differences in Normal and Hard are trivial in themselves, only 4 bosses are changed and those changes are fairly minor and although will through most off, is again easy to compensate for once you learn about these changes, other than that... only attack damage is changed. The differences between Normal and lower difficulty settings are disproportionately drastic, health regen alone makes the game extremely trivial by the game's own standards and Casual makes it near impossible to lose. The point with this is that if you're starting the game and want to learn to play the game, I would start in Normal difficulty as lower settings will only spoil you and make Normal seem harder than it really is, you should only lower the difficulty if you truly feel this is the type of game you're not good at or if you want to experiment with the game itself. Recent updates have also made characters more stronger than they should as well.My opinions towards the soundtrack and voice acting is largely the same. I personally like the soundtrack and the voice acting is extremely underrated, and in my honest opinion sound more human or emotional than half of what comes out from hollywood.In conclusion I personally think this game have aged poorly after a short two years and my opinion towards it have became harsher. I still recommend it however, as it's still enjoyable but I can't recommend it to those who wants a real challange, as it will not provide the raw challange that most of the games it's based off will. This is the type of game that if you're not truly dedicated to, you will be bored of very easily once you've mastered it."
76561198098269070,Not Recommended,248310,32561748,Posted: 19 June,all,Cinos_undead,"Almost greatA Sonic game for sure, with smooth music all through out and certain sections of blazzing fast speed all feel right, but the gameplay feels just a little too clunky and don't do much to keep it interesting. Just like OG sonic, the screen feels cramped with big characters and big platforms, and you hit alot of dead stops that just kill the flow. I beat the campaign once and I feel that's enough. Story was a decent effort but ultimately very uninteresting. Play in classic mode without it."
76561198000318945,Recommended,248310,11440620,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Trrcn,"This is a great throwback to old sonic and bonk games of the early/mid 90s.  I recommend this to anyone who liked those games of yesteryear because of how well this emulates alot of the gameplay execution.  Controls are spot on, bosses are challenging, and level design is decend making a very well rounded game!Music is absolutley wonderful aswell and might have you stand still desipte there being a timer becuase the tunes are great.Lastly, the furry issue.  Yes there are blatant Sanic community inspired characters, but this isn't anywhere near as furry as Dust: An Elysium Tail which to most of us is a very good thing.Get it if you miss those old fast past 2D platformers!"
,Recommended,248310,18660907,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,ZeroChaos,Brings a guud Sonic the Hedgehog feel
,Recommended,248310,11684883,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,The Celonium,"http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=29Hopefully, I can help you make a decision based on this review. And if not, I tried haha."
76561198026158102,Not Recommended,248310,30267697,Posted: 1 March,all,A347,"I wanted to love this game when i started it but there's too many problems overall.ProsOf what i've played, the platforming is incredibly fluid, all the areas are destinct and the music fits whatever is going on.Although it sometimes feels a little unfocused with puzzle elements thrown in or level gimicks that are used once or twice you can usually tell which way to go and can play well with most the characters.The game Definitely catches the spirit of those genesis era games and uses it well for the most part.There are 3 playable characters, each with 2 unique levels and a different play style, however the rest of the levels are carbon copies, so you will repeat some of the levels more than you'd probably wish to.ConsThis game is heavily let down by the boss fights. Some of them are alright, and done quickly, but some are what can only be refered to as bull♥♥♥♥♥♥The game constantly puts you into these irritating fights which can take all of your lives and leave you annoyed and not wanting to continue. The biggest problem with these is the lack of telegraphing from the boss,Look at any game which this is trying to emulate, the first time you see any of those bosses you can pick out signals to certain attacks and learn how to avoid them, the bosses in those games feel like a test (as they should do).This game fails to do this and leaves any joy of fighting these far behind.Most the time they feel out of place or in many cases, forced.There's about 2-4 bosses in each stage and it's a gamble if it'll be at all fun to fight them.If you're looking for platforming and are alright cutting through the awful boss fights, you'll enjoy this a lot.Otherwise, it's really just too irritating to let slide.I don't hate it, I just think it's got too much wrong with it to be recommended"
76561198085926417,Recommended,248310,16371514,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Coleco_84,"Sonic 4 done right. A d-pad option would have been cool, but the analog stick works great. About the story, it can become really ""furry"" at times, but at least the voice acting is good. Really a great plataformer, a must if you are a classic Sonic fan."
,Not Recommended,248310,31670236,Posted: 10 May,all,Straw,"It's heart is in the right place.Rediculously efficient sprite art and visual flair, tight controls and a sound font just like the original mega drive.Where the game falters (IMO) however is in three key areas; the first is the thankfully avoidable story mode. It's nothing short of cringe inducing furry fanfiction, complete with bedroom quality voice acting and hammy writting. So skip it entirely and go for 'classic' mode.The second problem is it's difficulty spike which is just nuts; the game goes from chill to cheap quickly with long enduring sponge bosses taking you out in 2 hits. I get that some people may crave that kind of challenge but it's clearly not for everyone.The worst problem however is it's replayability. It offers this by the amount of unlockables and achievments it has, but  given the amount of cognitive visual noise and content displayed on screen to process using your eyes, on your face, I find it hard to believe one can legitimately speed run this game in one go, not die once and not screw up a single jump. It's lacks any sense of spacial awareness other than 'go right' and you begin to feel like your squeezing a piece of furry fan art through a series of really pretty tubes full of DEATH.Not for me."
76561198277984478,Recommended,248310,33788036,Posted: 25 July,all,TemmieNeko,"This ain't Sonic, it's better. ^^Multiple playthroughs thanks to multiple characters, all playing entirely different, cute and wonderful sprites, very emotive characters - much hard work went into this game!Most people will complain about the voice acting, if it REALLy bugs you that much, check out this post here -http://steamcommunity.com/app/248310/discussions/0/613957600534961014/A Steam user named Sho replaced all the files so the VA is silent, give it a try, won't you ?If the voice acting is what stopped you from a purchase before, you have no excuse now!100% recommended , and looking forward to the much-improved sequel!"
76561198070929048,Not Recommended,248310,24916628,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,NinStarRune,"One of my favorite games of all time is Sonic 3 & Knuckles. This game was built up to be a spiritual successor to it. It's not.Although each character has different abilities in how they can traverse the level, this never really comes into play as the levels hardly deviate. Sure, you can get to tiny different sections of the level but all this amounts to is picking up a few gems before the path reconnects. On the topic of gems, collecting 200 gives you a 1-up, much like the typical 100 for a 1-up in classic platformers of yesteryear. The problem is that not only are there too many too close together (there's typically groups on the screen of 15 every few seconds) but getting hit doesn't cause you to drop them so you rack up extra lives very quickly. Playing casually on the default difficulty, I had 25 lives at the end of level 4.Unlike Sonic, the game puts a heavy emphasis on combat. This works on the weak enemies that scatter the levels but when it comes to boss fights, the game falls flat. Bosses are damage sponges and seem to have random levels of health. The first boss takes 3 hits, the second seems to take anywhere between 3 and 5 ""damage phases"", the third takes so many hits that it's hard to tell exactly how much damage it takes in total (likely 80+ hits, lowballing)  before dying. There's seemingly no pattern and boss fights devolve into mashing attack close to the boss and then running away. It feels really slow and clunky and is honestly dissatisfying. Going back to the topic of regular enemies, fighting them is literally a waste of time. For the most part, they don't deal contact damage so you can run right past them, and they either drop nothing (in the case of small enemies), a few gems (which, as stated before, are so common it's unfunny), or a ""core"" which is used to roll a die in a end-of-level bonus game in which you can earn a shield or 1-ups (which you'll have plenty of through casual play anyways) so for the most part, they might as well not even exist. They also inhabit seemingly random sections of the level, with level 3 being a particularly egregious example with streetlight-looking enemies being found in literal dead ends or high up in the sky where you'll rarely be.While I'm on the topic of levels, it seems like when they were being designed, the scenery was drawn first and then the level was made around that as opposed to the other way around. As beautiful as the levels look, I can't help but be confused by the world's design, with buildings that are cut off halfway by a large pillar and odd, curving geometry on the bottom of platforms. Additionally, since one of the characters' ability is to go up walls, there will often be upside-down ""staircases"" on the undersides of a lot of platforms that prevents you from climbing up them, which gets frustrating when you're exploring the level and looking for hidden cards. I love scouring games for hidden secrets, but it feels like Freedom Planet incorporated the 10 cards per level fairly poorly and as a last-minute thing. They're often in random spots that require you to backtrack a bit, in a random spot that you have to detour for, or hidden up high in a tiny nook. Not only this, but when you pick them up, they're often labeled in the wrong order, so you'll pick up card No. 2 early in the level and think you missed the first card and backtrack and search high up in the level, and go all around the different elevations of the level to try and find it, only to give up and move on, find another card, and be told that this card is No. 1. Searching for these cards easily quintuples the amount of time you can spend on a stage and making the game feel more like Metroid or Symphony of the Night, which is fine and all but not exactly fitting for a Sonic-inspired game.There's a few flaws in how the game handles physics. For one, the concept of momentum is obnoxious in this game. Going down slopes builds speed fairly quickly as expected, but as soon as you start to head upwards at any angle, your speed drops like a stone from a dash to a jog. Like in Sonic, there's springs in this game, but the wall-mounted ones are far too ""weak"". Since you'll naturally be holding the control stick in their direction to be launched by them, there'll end up being a few frames where you're holding the control stick in the direction opposite of where you're being launched from. During those few frames, you'll ""skid"" and lose roughly 40% or so of the momentum you would've had. Not touching the control stick has the same effect and no momentum is maintained. Furthermore, for whatever reason you can literally walk up inclines and walls with no repercussions (unless it's a very high vertical structure in which case you'll slow down very slowly and promptly fall back down) and can often continue to move to slopes on the ceiling and walk upside down. And when I say walk, I mean literally walking. Things also seemingly cease to exist once they're off the screen, causing things like a string of bombs to stop detonating halfway through and gems dropped by enemies that fall offscreen to technically be ""floating"" in that if you jump past them, head down, then under them, they'll then continue to fall.My biggest complaint was the poor voice acting and abundance of story in the adventure mode. Some of the lines are cringey and a lot of the time they're unnecessary exposition. The voice acting ranges from average to high school project-levels of bad. I actually got so fed up with it, I had to download a mod that essentially muted the voice lines in the cutscenes. Speaking of cutscenes, there are a lot of them. I like to think myself a quick reader, and even then I found cutscenes surpassing the 5 and 6 minute mark between levels with unnecessary elements (watching the main characters watch TV, watching them eating dinner with a provincial mayor, brooding). The amount of plot and backstory makes it seem like the game wants to be an RPG and not a platformer. Going back to Sonic 3 & Knuckles again, off the top of my head the longest ""cutscene"" with plot in it is around 45 seconds, during which you have full control of your character. Personally, I don't need or really want a rich full backstory of the game's world's lore when the focus of the game is going fast. The game does offer a ""classic mode"" that removes most cutscenes from the game, but then I'm left wondering why I'm doing what I'm doing and how I got from the previous level to the current one. In S3&K, there was a brief cutscene at the end of each level that showed how it connected to the next level. I shouldn't be punished by not knowing the story by simply wanting to not wade through unnecessary pages of dialogue.What I will give this game, though, are its visuals. The game is visually reminiscent of Ristar for Genesis or Knuckles Chaotix on the 32x and it's simply gorgeous. Even some of the character designs are reminiscent of characters from Ristar. Most of the character designs are decent and original (even if Lilac is obviously hedgehog-esque) and there's a lot of extra frames making animations smooth and pretty. Backgrounds and levels have a heavy Chinese/Mongolian theme to them and while it's not exactly my taste, it's aesthetically sound. Musically, it's fairly good too, even if the Oriental-themed tracks don't do much for me and I find them a bit forgettable but they do their job of being decent background music that fits the mood.Frankly, the game is spectacular...if you can seperate it from its inspiration and spiritual forerunner. If you can overlook the miles of dialogue with poor voice acting, strange level design, odd combat, and weird physics, it might be worth picking it up when it's on sale. Otherwise, I'd give it a pass."
,Not Recommended,248310,28884289,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Lucky,"I'm a couple of years late to the party but I FINALLY finished this game.Aaaaand I hated it.I really wanted to love this game. As a Sonic autist I heard about this game during it's early development, and bought it sometime after it came out. I put it down halfway through, but the game's awesome style and presentation would ultimately convince me to give it a second chance years later. After finishing the game I have to say that I do not recommend this game to anybody who hasn't bought it already.For starters, it's a 2D action platformer with speed and flow similar to... Sonic 4 at best (And we're talking Ep2). You've got 3 playstyles that are very similar to Sonic 06. The speed, combat, and psychic character. Levels are supposed to be fast and done under 7 minutes or so, but you'll find yourself getting lost and being stopped by stray projectiles or large AoE attacks. Later on, when the game becomes the most annoying, the floor is lava and no part of the screen is safe for you.So, like your typical first Sonic playthrough. These levels do get better with every run through. However, unlike Sonic you have probably some of the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t bosses that I have ever had the displeasure to encounter. Again, the floor is lava, and no part of the screen is safe. For some reason, Freedom Planet confuses itself for a bullet hell and you will find yourself dying TIME and TIME AGAIN. I found myself wondering if i'm ignoring an important game mechanic that's making these so hard, but no it's just that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Sonic bosses are easy, are fun to fight, but typically underwhelming. Freedom Planet's bosses are AWESOME to look at, but they're hard and annoying as hell. There are tons dividing the acts, so whatever fun you just had in a stage is cut short by the next boss encounter.If you can push the bosses, you can enjoy the levels by themselves and break the bosses as you replay it. But, god, this game just sucks on your first playthough. Avoid this game if you don't enjoy the absolutely stellar style, visuals, and soundtrack."
,Recommended,248310,32002167,Posted: 27 May,all,Richard,"It's a better Sonic game than most Sonic games.Really. It has better combat than Sonic, but all of the same running and speed mechanics, and a few different characters to play as. The game is a lot tougher than Sonic and some of the bosses are actually pretty difficult.+Charming style and presentation.+Feels and looks like Sonic but with more depth.+Beautiful visuals and art direction.+Amusing characters and dialogue, well presented. Witty and a few legit laughs in there, and some sad moments too.+Huge levels which you can speed through, or take the time to explore. Your score is graded for your time, but you don't RUN OUT of time like in Sonic, so you're free to explore. Lots of hidden secrets to find.+Challenging platforming and fun, satisfying combat.-The only real issue I have is that a few areas early in the game are perhaps a bit TOO open, which slowed the pace down a little. Still though, it was no major hassle.It's what Sonic 4 should have been; great fun and a thing of beauty."
76561198117382272,Not Recommended,248310,34847744,Posted: 9 September,all,knight_of_kanto,"I really wanted to like this game.  I really did.  But the more I played it, the more I dissliked it.  When I play it now, I get a terrible pit in my stomach.  I was never a huge fan of Sonic when I was little, but I did enjoy his classic games.  My favorite game of the bunch was Sonic 3 and Knuckles because it had great graphics and gameplay and it told a story in a unique way: with no dialouge and the method of show, don't tell (keep that in mind when I talk about this game's story).  When I first heard of Freedom Planet, I thought it would be a good retro-style game, since it kinda looked like the classic Sonic games.First of all, let's discuss the game itself.  As you would expect, it's a good throwback to classic Sega Genesis and PS1 games.  The graphics are colorful and beautifully detailed, the music is catchy, and sound effects were satisfying.  However, the thing that matters most is gameplay, and I believe that was one of this game best features.As with any 2D platformer, your goal is to run through large levels fighting enemies and collecting crystals for extra lives and then defeat a boss at the end.  It definatly captures the feel of classic Sonic while being original and the level design is pretty good.  They each have a different theme and a few gimmicks that make them interesting.  The bosses are definatly the best part, either being huge and menacing or avarage sized and fast.  They keep you on your toses and make you use the best of your abilities to take them down.You have three characters to controll who each have their own unique abilities: Lilac can boost forward or diagonally up or down, double spin jump, and hair whip her enemies wirh different fighting moves.  Carol uses her claws for quick swipes and kicks and can grabe a gas can to get a motorcycle that lets her ram into enemies while attacking and lets her drives up walls.  Milla can flutter jump and create blocks to throw and a shield to deflect projectiles.  She can even combine the two together to shoor a giant laser.  You were also supposed to play as Torque and Spade at some point, but that idea never went through.I didn't see too many problems with the gameplay itself, but then they became more apparent as time went on.  For starters, the physics is a bit wonky.  Now usually, I have no problem with it, but the characters tend to stick to whatever surface they want, even ceilings.  Normally in a Sonic game, you need to be running fast to run up an incline, but in this game, if you keep moving forward, you'll make it up.  You can even walk up 90 degree angles, as if the characters have glue on their shoes.The three main girls have so many powers and abilites to use, but the enemies are pretty basic and go down easily.  Another thing to note is that enemies cannot hurt you by touching you; they have to be shooting something or performing an attack animation to inflict damage.  This idea sounds good on paper, but since this is a more speed-running oriented game, you can just run past the eneimes.  They're not obstacles that have to be overcome, they're a minor annoyance that can be ignored for the most part.  And even when they do pose a threat, they have annoying attacks that can take away half your health and bring the game's pace to a grinding halt.  This sort of thing works better in slower-paced games like Guacamelee, which encourages you to stop and fight enemies to rack up combos for better rewards.There's no problem with having large levels, but the ones in FP drag on.  The game expects you beat them in about 5 minutes, but on my first playthrough, it tool me about a half hour to beat some of them!  Even as I got better, my time clocked in at about 10 to 15 minutes.  This would have been solved if the game divided the levels into two acts each, like in the classic Sonic games.  The music changes halfway between each level, so there souldn't be a reason not to split them up.  There's no real incentive to exploring, either.  No secrets to find, no upgrades, just those cards that unlock sound clips and concept art, which you can find easily by searching for them online and by hacking the game's files with Audacity.  You can find extra lives and a Chinese symbole that takes you to a minigame where you can get more lives and a shield to start the next stage with, but that's it.  Speaking of lives, their worthless.  You get unlimited continues and respawn at the last checkpoint, so when you lose all your lives, it's not a huge issue.  The lives were only there to emulate the retro style of classic games.I praised the bosses ealier, but these are where the game's difficulty spikes.  They have crazy attacks to doge, some of them being hard to avoid and able to drain your health fast.  One of the worst conenders is the Mega Serpentine boss from Final Dreadnaough 2.  He moves so fast and his attacks are just annoying.  He's also off screen most of the time, so it's hard to predict his attacks and act accordingly.  You will die many times to there foes before you figure out their patterns.  For example, the final boss, Brevon, has 3 phases, one that's a recycled ship boss from an earlier stage, another is when he turns into a giant robot; the most difficult phase.  Finally, he comes out of the robot and fights you one-on-one.  The very instant the fight starts, you have to jump, otherwise, he'll take away a huge chunck of health with a quick knife attack (this is not telegraphed, BTW).  Other than that, this is his easiest form and you can take him down pretty quickly if you've memeorized his attacks.  The first time fighting him, I died so many time, but after a while, I could beat all three of his phases on one life.  On hard mode.I often hear that this game is a fusion of Sonic and MegaMan, but I don't see it.  The enemies are not strategically placed like in a MegaMan game and those only thing that's taken from those games is Carol's wall jump.  It actually takes cues from other Sega Genesis games (and Super Mario Bros 2).  However, I'd rather play those games which this one takes inpiration from than this game.  This is a perfect segway into my main gripe with this game: The story.  See, all those other games followed this style of story telling: Show, don't tell.  When you play those games, you understand to story through pure gameplay, whether it's a major story event like a boss or it happens in the background.  When there are cutscenes, they're short and have little to no dialouge, letting the chatacter animations and facial expressions tell us what's going on.  However with FP, they did the worst thing possible for a paltformer and tried to tell an epic tale through voice acting and lengthy cutscenes (This isn't an RPG, people!).  I would have been fine with this, but the story is a sloppy mess with plot holes, ideas and scenes that go nowhere and only serve to waste time, and a tone that can't decide if it wants to be cute and humorous or edgy and serious.  One moment the three main leads will be having a girly slumber party and acting childish and the next thing you know it, one of them is being brutally tortured via electricution in a very realistic manner.  It's very jarring and it only make you angry and frustrated beyond any reasonable measure.  I get that some peole don't mind this and good on you people, but you can't deny that the story was the low point of the game.  Some of there cutscene last for a half hour!  Yes.  A half hour of nothing but exposition and pointless filler.  This is all in the Adventure mode.  You can choose Classic mode to eliminate all the cutscenes and have pure gameplay, but then you have no idea what's going on plot wise.Overall, Freedom Planet isn't a bad game, but it leaves much to be desired.  If you really want it, wait for a price drop and only play Classic mode, because the story is not worth your time."
,Not Recommended,248310,34030701,Posted: 4 August,all,Linna,"Great art design, wonderful music, a cheesy 90s story that is fun to experience but unfortunately falls apart when it's time to actually play the game. The camera is a bit too zoomed in, the art feels blurry in motion, the physics are wonky, mostly awful level design and the game features some of the worst boss fights I've ever experienced in gaming. As much as I wanted to like this game, and for as much good as it brings to the table, the flaws are too big to overlook. That being said I'm still looking forward to the sequel - this series can yet be polished and made into a real gem."
,Recommended,248310,31364642,Posted: 25 April,all,Voodooman,"Best 2D Sonic game since Sonic CD...Wonder why its called Freedom Planet? Well, fans of Sonic made what Sega Sonic team could not in 2 recent decades - perfect sonic game, execpt that they have no rights for it so they made new (pretty similar) setting and characters and gave it a new name. The only thing that bad in this game and breaks sonic gameplay flow - inability to run until something stops you."
,Recommended,248310,14004301,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,♥Yahto♪,cute kawaii gurls 96/senpai would fap again
76561198034348913,Not Recommended,248310,34006216,Posted: 3 August,all,Starboundtoaster,"This game suffers from fundamental problems with game design. While most of the mechanics in the game work decently enough, the camera is FAR too zoomed in on the player to allow them to react in time to threats. In addition, this is made worse by a lack of grace period after taking damage, allowing players to get juggled and killed midair due to a simple misstep or unlucky enemy placement. The game also suffers from a lack of a save and quit feature, something unheard of in most modern games. All of this combines to make the game PAINFULL to play, going slowly across levels designed for speed in order to not be blind."
,Not Recommended,248310,17306872,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Stray,"Disclaimer: I have only played on normal difficulty as Lilac, the game's central character. Other difficulty levels are available, as well as characters with different abilities.Story:Freedom Planet's story brings to mind a fanfic one would write of their Sonic-themed fursona. It's simple and strings the levels together nicely. The voice acting thankfully relieves the need to sit and read lengthy dialog scenes. Characterization is more tell than show, but not the point where I would consider it to be poorly-written. The intention seems to have been to keep the story segments brief.Graphics:The sprite designs are beautiful, and I enjoy the animations during story scenes. However, some levels over-utilize color schemes such that the background, enemies, and obstacles are not as readily distinguishable as I would prefer.Music:The music of Freedom Planet is pleasant enough while playing, but I won't be downloading the soundtrack.Controls:I played using an Xbox One controller, and the game responded beautifully to my inputs. Lilac has quite a few options for movement and attack which are not difficult to remember and input, but I recommend looking them up in a guide, as the game did not inform me of them. Be aware that the D-pad is not currently supported at the time of this review.Level Design:This is where the game lost me. Running begins slowly, and momentum is impossible to keep for long. The moment you feel that rush of speed reminiscent of Sonic 2, you hit a wall where you're expected to platform upwards, climb a ladder, or some other contrivance. It's as if someone dropped Sonic the Hedgehog into a Mega Man level, and it's very frustrating.I often found it unclear what the developers expected me to do in order to advance, to the point of walking off the edge of an airship under the advice of an arrow pointing downwards, causing me to fall to my death and replay a boss fight.Enemies:The small enemies encountered frequently while going through the levels are unremarkable and can simply be run past. They require multiple hits to kill rather than just one, and are not worth your time.Bosses have fixed moves they will perform, but they don't perform them with any particular order or warning, making it impossible to react appropriately. You can counter this by standing back and waiting for the boss to make a move first, but you need to just guess and jump in to score hits, or else the fights become too lengthy for my preference.Projectiles fired from off-screen result in a lot of cheap health loss, making boss fights more difficult than they actually are. I would prefer a lower health pool with health loss being dictated purely by skill or lackthereof. This could perhaps be solved by making the area of view larger, so that it would be easier to jump away from enemy attacks while keeping the enemy on-screen.Conclusion:Freedom Planet is quite charming, but it's flaws are very frustrating. It's good enough that I'm excited to see what the development team will produce in the future, but not good enough that I want to keep playing. I find myself wishing I could give my copy to someone else who might appreciate it more than I do."
,Not Recommended,248310,16799349,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Scary Monsters Nonten,Yuck!
,Not Recommended,248310,20192201,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Stikx_,20% of this game is classic sonic-esque levels that are fun to run though.10% of this game is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story with cliche characters and predictable outcomes.The last 70% of this game is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ combat with poorly designed bosses. 90% of boss/miniboss boils down to continually jumping up a wall so that you can actually dodge the attacks and cheese the AI then jumping out at the right moment to use your 1 attack. There are some bosses that actually require you to learn the attacks and dodge them and these bosses were actually quite fun.3/10 - I have no idea why this game is 96% positive.
,Not Recommended,248310,20287422,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,FarewellVHS,"I have mixed feelings here, but overall I can't recommend this game. Basically, this game is worse than Sonic 3 & Knuckles, Ristar and any Mega Man game I've played yet it tries to be all of them but the fighting, art and music are better in all the others so why not skip this and just load those up?I just completed the game after about 6 hours. This game has great reviews, but I don't understand why. After 2 hours this game didn't scream to me, but I trusted the reviews, big mistake I now regret. People wanted to love this game I guess, myself included when I got crazy nostalgia seeing Genesis style graphics.The levels are way too long, most 30-40 min! Total levels in the game equals 8. If you play adventure (story) mode, the cutscenes drag on almost as bad as the levels. Like 10 minutes it feels like. All to explain the story that doesn't make you care. Nothing stood out and I have no urge to play the game again with other characters or to play any level again. The later levels get SO hard you basically have to just run past the enemies. I played on normal and the game goes Casual, easy, normal and hard. Most bosses took me about 3 deaths to figure out, but the final bosses SPIKE in difficulty so bad it's insane! The final boss took me 35 deaths....10x harder out of{LINK REMOVED}nowhere...why?!?Game Over gives you 5 extra lives for free so what's the point aside from an achievement or two for holding tons of extras. The entire game I had about 25 lives, but used them ALL on the final boss. There are about 40 achievements and I got maybe 8 the first run, so I'm guessing they expect you to play the entire game with the other 2 characters and memorize everything so you'll never die.The most memorable music is the Gallery menu (unlockable music, art and sounds from the game for finding hidden cards around the levels) and when you get an invincibility shield. The latter sounds like something from SAO. The characters are straight from an anime in how they act and the story is ok, but nothing feels impactful. Mega Man X4 feels more so and that's saying something. This game just feels like a rip off of all my favorite games and not like its own vision. It just feels like a heavily modded Sonic game or something.People have praised the combat system here, but for almost the whole game you can just spam the A button (jump, double jump attack) to beat any enemy. I played as Lilac. Mega Man is better there. People praise the music but Ristar and Sonic easily win, same for art. The bosses are somewhat interesting, but again Ristar is similar but way better, more interesting and memorable. Freedom Planet (FP) has lots of complexity in the art, so I'll give it a point there, but that didn't make me believe the world was real. Like Halo, it just seems as if you and your team of 5 people are the only living beings around and there's one enemy force with a giant army fighting you.The most annoying things in the game were a lack of master audio controls in the settings (this game is LOUD, actually my my Steam games are loud for some reason but I turn them down but not this game, it forces me to manually turn down the master controls on the reciever. Ugh! and then back up when I'm done playing) and a terrible joke of a tower climb near the ending. The tower climb was like Mega Man levels like in X4 where you're constantly teleporting and jumping like in Cyber Peacock level. Here in FP you're almost at the end, but for some reason you have to do these crazy jumps and if you miss you get warped back to the beginning,,,,I got so frustrated I almost quit right there....and it wasn't even combat related or an annoyign boss! And then this and other sections make you do them ALL over since there are seemingly no checkpoints or save spots or controls. You just have to hope the start of a new level saves your game but guess what, it doesn't sometimes! What's the point? How do you know when to continue and when you can go to bed? hahaI play the games I mentioned every year or so, but I don't see myself booting this one up again. It's a great effort here but all the elements don't really add up."
76561198143831514,Not Recommended,248310,25155279,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Stranker,"I've already reviewed this game once, but after playing Sonic 3 and Knuckles (For the most part. I'm far into Sonic 3 at the time of writing this review) I can see that Freedom Planet drew a lot of its inspiration from that game more than the other classic Sonic games. You play as 3 characters to go through (mostly) the same levels with the game focused on speed, and there are various shields in the game. Seeing these comparisons, I decided to come back and rewrite my review. Despite its attempts, many of the things that Sonic 3 does right, Freedom Planet does wrong.First of all, the consistency. Freedom Planet has extremely easy stages. However, one you get to the boss fights, the difficulty increases by a lot. That's not to say the bosses are hard. They should only take a few tries. The problem is that the boss difficulty is not consistent with the level difficulty. The levels are too easy compared to the bosses. Turning down the difficulty makes the bosses easier, but it also makes the levels easier. This is because Freedom Planet focuses a lot on combat, and less on platforming. I think the game would be a lot more enjoyable if it had less combat and had a more consistent difficulty.The second problem I had with the game was the dull levels. I'm going to compare it to Sonic 3 since that's the game they took inspiration from. Sonic 3 has detailed landscapes with many different paths, and memorable sections. However, Freedom Planet's levels feel uninspired and bland, making going through them dull. The long length of these levels doesn't help. This is especially a problem with my 3rd point.The different characters. Similar to Sonic 3, you can play as 3 different characters to traverse the levels, each character having their own way of doing it. However, while Lilac felt great, the 2nd character (I can't remember her name, but she's the green one) had little mobility and was no fun to play, while the third one felt awkward to use since she relied on slowly making boxes to throw at enemies. In a game that should be focused on speed, this really drags down the pace.All of this being said, while I am giving the game a negative review, I still think some people would want it. If you prefer the more combat focused gameplay of Freedom Planet, then you might want to consider picking it up. Unfortunately, I got bored during my playthrough of the 3rd character, and I stopped playing. In my previous review, I mentioned how I didn't like the classic Sonic games (1 and 2 at the time), and I was hoping an indie take on the Sonic franchise would feel fresh. While Freedom Planet lost me in my second playthrough, I am still interested in the sequel, and I might pick it up if it fixes at least 1 of the problems I have with this game.I bought this game over Stardew Valley during the summer sale. However, I ended up making the wrong decision. I enjoy 2D platformers. Shovel Knight is one of my favorite games, and Kid Icarus is my favorite NES game. However, this game failed to keep my interest.I'm going to repeat one thing I said in my last review. If Steam had a gray area for reviews, I would give this game a gray rating. I don't think it's terrible by any means. I just can't recommend it when I couldn't even bring myself to play through the game with all of the characters. If the game is on sale, it might be worth picking up. However, with what I've played of Sonic 3 so far, you're much better off picking up that game than this."
76561198052254704,Not Recommended,248310,21477723,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Ghlen Livid,"This is basically Sonic the Hedgehog without Sonic, and with a dash of Mega Man thrown in. It's a serviceable old-school platformer with a tiny bit of a modern touch. Nostalgia is strong with this one.Barring nostalgia factor, I can't really say that it can stand out on its own. It's pretty much average IMO. Personally, nostalgia got me through first half of the game, and then it became more of a chore. And while I did eventually finish it, I don't really want to pick it up again.So, if you want to reminisce on good old days of gaming, this is for you. If not, I say skip it, there are better platformers out there."
,Not Recommended,248310,17072360,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Solodric,"This game starts out looking like an interesting platformer based on the like of Sonic, but the level design isn't up to scratch; there are many off-screen cheap-shot deaths that you can't do anything about, and by the end of the game, you simply have to memorize everything. Played on Hard, had to advise against friends buying the game, not sure if things are markedly better on lower difficulties, but 'hard' shouldn't be code for a broken level design anyway. I was enthusiastic for this game, but I must suggest against it."
,Not Recommended,248310,12733842,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,RaceProUK,"It has recently come to my attention that the head of GalaxyTrail has been slandering me behind my back with zero evidence. Combined with the community manager's abuse and rampant censorship, the alienation of the paying fans that made this game a success, nonsensical content removal, poor quality updates, no fixes for long-standing bugs, and the never-ending chain of broken promises, I am left with no choice but to remove my original review entirely.Do not buy this game unless you want to support a company that takes its fans for granted."
76561198040088671,Not Recommended,248310,17241521,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,jcates01,"I would rate Freedom Planet as a slightly frustrating but otherwise okay game.  It plays like a Sonic game with a pinch of Castlevania elements.  The frustration factor is that you are never sure you are going the right way as the levels twist and turn constantly with multiple forks in the road.  You only find out you have taken the correct path when you are forced into a boss battle.  The bosses are fairly difficult and never provide any reward for defeating them... ever.  I can't point to any one lement and say that it is horrible, its just that I found I was playing the game more so I could be done with it than actually enjoying the experience."
,Not Recommended,248310,21400777,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Oacyst,"Freedom Planet was a game that drawled me in with nostalgia and bored me. What the game gives and takes from its source material works fine, but nothing truly new is gained during playtime. It makes the experience seem fruitless and boring, even with multiple playable characters. I'll stick to Sonic 3."
,Not Recommended,248310,11407294,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Quickshooter,"edit: the lazy developer decided that showingTHIS is trollinghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2nYfPSsVaREexposing spade IS finished (same with torque)and they deny it and outright insult me for asking about the DLCbuy only in a a salethese developers doesn't fill their promised goals, lie, ban, and outright give poor excuses for content that IS ready."
76561198129834422,Not Recommended,248310,17405030,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,zachattack,"I can't really play this game. I mean, it's weird. Whenever I open the game the GalaxyTrail into appears, then it turns into a white screen, then a black screen, then a blue screen. and it just stays like that forever. I can't really recommend this until I know how to fix this problem. Can anyone help?"
,Not Recommended,248310,17691695,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Razenole,"First off play this in classic mode if you mean to play this game at all. The story is terrible and the voice acting only compounds the problem.Second the level designs in this game are really really inconsequential, long and boring. They're just large expanses of area filled with platforms. The bosses are really all this game has going for it.For a game that is trying to pull Sonic the Hedgehog out of its current funk, it nails the physics and gameplay, it feels like Sonic. After you've got that ingredient, your only real job is then to improve on level design. This game doesn't do that, at all, it doesn't even come close."
,Not Recommended,248310,21634555,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Christopher Shitstockings,"you know how a lot of indie gmes can be summed up with ""like that one classic game you loved except worse?"" well, here's one for sonic"
,Not Recommended,248310,32713219,Posted: 23 June,all,Rose,I play sonic to go fast and kill stuff not get stuck on a puzzle level. I got stuff to do.
,Not Recommended,248310,13772923,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Tybolt,"While it does scratch the itch some of us have had for another spin (hurr hurr) on 16-bit Sonic, Sparkster, and a helping of Mega Man X, it's just not quite there. While the platforming itself is very fun, offering colorful stages with unique themes and gimmicks, multiple routes, collectables, and a fair share of replay value... The game is mired by a cringe-inducing (although optional) story mode with segments clocking up longer than the levels themselves and numerous breaks in core gameplay as you wait for either the characters' special moves to charge up for additional mobility or to figure out the direction you should be going in. Worse, there's an extremely bipolar set of bosses ranging from♥♥♥♥♥♥easy, fun, challenging, and then going all the way to ""you'll lose instantly until you learn to exploit a pattern"" with no real flow bewteen them. I just can't comfortably recommend this to anyone.The soundtrack is really nice, though."
,Not Recommended,248310,13273810,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Sivek,"I'll start out with the positives.  The character animation is great and the graphics overall are very nice.   There's also three different characters you can play as and they play differently.  The devs clearly put in a lot of time and effort on this game.Now to the bad stuff.  The bosses are too hard, and bad part is they're hard for cheap reasons.  This is tied into the the character field of view being too close the character.  If the camera was pulled back a bit, a lot of the frustration of the bosses would be removed since there are many instances of attacks coming from off-screen blindsiding your character.  I'm not ♥♥♥♥♥♥ at games but from the halfway point on, some of these bosses aren't even coming down to memorization, just a matter if I'm getting lucky with not getting hit by some off-screen projectile at various points of the fight.  The close-in camera also makes navigating the large levels not as fun as it should be.  This leads into my next point.Levels are also too large.  I know a lot of people will disagree with this but the stages just go on and on and by the time I get to the third or fourth screen of them, I'm more than ready for them to be over.  Pathfinding is also a bit of an issue since there are times when you have to go what appears to be backward to go forward.  I do give the devs credit for making the levels multi-tiered but they took it to far.The story is bad and the voicework/audio recording is very inconsistent.  I normally wouldn't care about this in this sort of game since the gameplay is the thing that matters but there is a ton of story bits going on in Freedom Planet.  Your character also has audio cues every time they jump/attack/whatever and it can be annoying since you can't turn it off.  Unless you read or wrote Sonic fan-fiction at some point, you'll probably want to play the game on classic mode, which from my understanding, skips the story bits.In short, a game with great animation but unless you're really down with hard, cheap bosses, you'll probably play the game and enjoy it enough until you hit a frustrating road block and just put the game aside.  It's not that the game is hard, I've played and beaten a lot of hard games, it's just that the hardness feels like it stems more from poor design in the later portions than a true sense of difficulty. That said, if you're into hard 2-D games, you're likely to have a good time with Freedom Planet."
76561198041599115,Not Recommended,248310,30384118,Posted: 7 March,all,Twentyone17,"So I go into this thinking ""Oh it looks like a nice Sonic-inspired game with characters I'll probably like"", and then I watch the opening cinematic.One of the first things I saw after loading this game was an innocent man getting his head cut off in front of his son. E10+ rating huh? Something is seriously wrong here. I cannot support this....I'm still in shock, damnit.."
,Not Recommended,248310,33705827,Posted: 21 July,all,[KINGS] The King,"its a basic sonic 3 clone. ever seen the literal thousands of them on every emulator site that hosts rom hacks/homebrews? well this is exactly like every one of those.controls are okay in some regards. momentum does not exist so as soon as you let go of a direction, you come to a dead stop. you can run straight up some walls at a snails pace as though your character has sticky shoes. theres 3 characters, all control a little bit differently and have some ""attack"" thats completely incoherent due to the forced low resolution game for no reason other than making it easier to code (this stuff has ALL been long since mastered and these guys are making a game from 1998.), but essentially each character has some combination of tails, knuckles, and sonics various movesets i.e. double jump, wall climb, blah blah blah. nothing new, nothing special.levels are very large and can easilly take 10-20 minutes to explore. only problem is theres never any REASON to explore. there are no powerups aside from pointless shields that last a few hits and have no explination as to their special functions. oh wait. there is ONE powerup. they took the stars box from sonic and made it last like 2 minutes, but only PROTECT you and not do anything to enemies. so they actually went one step backwards from sonic in that regard.story, from what i bothered to see, was meh. horrible overacting voice actors that constantly sound constipated and/or arroused/sluty.  youre literally thrown into the middle of something and explained nothing. you meet characters and they insult you and call you a traitor and stuff which is makes no sense in any regard.the music is okay, but nothing to write home about or remember.if its on sale for 3$, grab it. otherwise go play one of the thousands of sonic 3 clones and romhacks that are infinitely better in design and gameplay."
76561197997046452,Not Recommended,248310,14024504,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,BitVyper,"I'm enjoying it, but the levels feel more like they were built for Sonic than for Lilac.  Aside from her special, which is not constantly usable, Lilac doesn't really attack in ways that allow her to maintain momentum, which makes a lot of the Sonicky bits feel awkward.  I feel like this could have been averted if her cyclone attack didn't eat all her momentum.  My other problem is that, honestly, the running feels too slow; again this is something where we've got very Sonic-like level design, but mechanics and feel that don't quite match up with it.  When you go around a loop, if you haven't started with a dragon boost, it feels more like you're wearing antigravity boots than that you're going fast.  It just feels like it didn't quite find its own voice.Edit: Ech, as I play more, I'm finding my enjoyment dropping.  The levels are feeling more and more poorly planned, with a lot of memorization masquerading as difficulty.  I'd still recommend it, I guess, but it's not the game I was hoping it would be going in.  It's not a Sonic clone, but the problem is that it's not a Sonic clone by virtue of failing to be a Sonic clone.Actually I just changed my mind; I've realised I wouldn't recommend this game.  It's decent, but it's bogged down with poor design choices that keep it from being what it could be."
,Not Recommended,248310,18055383,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Apple,"Controls feel worst then going out to taco bell, stay away from this and all its hype if you are not a furry lover."
76561198141691865,Not Recommended,248310,34510518,Posted: 26 August,all,GGgaming,for a sonic fan game its certainly slow
76561198111252918,Not Recommended,248310,31902910,Posted: 22 May,all,A Person.,It trys to be Sonic. Its not Sonic.6.5/10
,Not Recommended,248310,12822165,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Saninsince992,"It's not a terrible game in any shape or form, but in it's attempt to capture the classic feeling of games like ""Sonic the Hedgehog"" it seems to also borrow those title's worst aspects, as well as some big mistakes of it's own.The bad:-Voice acting is atrocious. Almost all characters have some of the worst, most amateurish voice-acting accompanying them. This could have been forgiven if there was an option to turn the character voices off, but you can't even turn their volume down, let alone turn them off completely. Unacceptable.-The writing isn't helping more. Terrible story with some of the worst dialogue around. It rivals some of the worst fan-fiction in its writing quality.-No matter if it's a design choice or not, the physics make no sense. You can without any acceleration walk straight up walls and practically on the ceiling without falling down ever.-Terrible enemy design. No enemy in the game is hard, and they don't prove a challenge, but they are all either forgettable or just there to annoy the player. Bosses are even worse, where you will probably die to them a few times juts because the only difficulty in them lies in remembering their patterns.-Sound effects are mostly bad. Lot of things sound really bad and rarely does an action feel as good as it would be with better sound assets. Music is decent but very forgettable.-Character designs are pretty bland. While some are slightly creative, the whole designs are mostly ""anime""-influenced stereotypes.The good:-Pretty good pixel-art and great animations.-Gameplay, although heavily borrowing from older titles, still feels pretty satisfying and except for the broken physics works well.-Decent length and variety with 3 playable characters and a lot of collectibles to find.This is a prime example of a game that could have been a modern classic, but ends up failing due to terrible writing, unbearable voice-acting, the lack of a lot of important options, as well as weird physics that often feel broken. The whole design of the game is also very childish and bland, which wouldn't be a problem if it was leaning more towards a game for younger audiences, but the game uses a language and imagery that sometimes gets more rough for no reason, even though without it it would have at least been a really good game for kids. If you can bear the amateurish voice acting and writing, as well as some of the other annoyances stated, there is still a lot of fun to be gotten here from the gameplay alone. For anyone else, there is not much to see here. Strongly recommend waiting for a big discount before buy.PS: It should be noted that there is an alternative ""Classic Mode"" which has no voice acting, however that mode also turns off the story, so if you only want one or the other, or you just want to make the voice acting quieter, there still is no option of doing that."
,Not Recommended,248310,12925407,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Donnie Jay,"Purple sonics can't run.Seriously, it's obnoxious how all the levels and some of the bosses are designed around running fast, yet you can't actually do anything more than a brisk walk. You just end up walking right up ramps and up hills, not unlike this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LiMi1fq79BE"
,Not Recommended,248310,14423896,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,AStingyMiser,You can read my full review of this game here:https://memegenie.wordpress.com/2015/01/28/freedom-planet-review/
,Not Recommended,248310,13812016,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Emennius,"Literally ""OC DONUT STEEL: The Game"""
76561198032866048,Not Recommended,248310,11644706,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,nagu_al,"Cheap bosses ruin this otherwise fun and colourful platforming romp. Another retro game that tries too hard to be hard, Megaman style.Disappointed."
,Not Recommended,248310,13208808,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,skeeter boy,"Do you wanna go get swole man?Do you wanna make some gains?I never spot you anymoreCome out the doorIt's like you've gone1pl8We use to be gym buddiesand now we're notI wish you would tell me whyDo you wanna go get swole man?It doesn't have to be a bulk, manDo you want to go get swole man?Do skateboard squats against the wallsI think some lifting is overdueI've not broken throughMy lifting has all stalled(Hang in there, Scooby)It gets a little lonelyAll these empty barsJust watching that loud curl guyUGH, YEAH, UGH, YEAH, UGH, YEAHAnon, I know your in therePeople have been asking if you're thinThey say ""Keep lifting"" and I'm trying toI'm spotting here for youPlease let's beginWe only have each otherBro, you and meWhen will you push through?Do you wanna go get swole man?(The music is alright, too bad the game is riddled with bugs and cringe.)"
,Not Recommended,248310,11388035,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Chef Excellence,"This game made me realize how bad Sega is at Sonic games, and I can't handle it."
,Not Recommended,248310,13240232,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,risbolla,awful
,Recommended,248310,18944738,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,alaeriia,"Feels like a Sega Genesis game.  Tight controls, kickass speed...  Even uses the 3-button layout."
,Recommended,248310,19107297,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,imakepuns,Freedom Plant just might bebehind a smart veilThe Sonic game I wanted.
76561198056182435,Recommended,248310,19123120,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Nisekoishi,original game do not steal
76561197992120406,Recommended,248310,18913310,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Genaris,This game brings me back to the days of my genesis and the sonic games. This game is fantastic.
76561198088521250,Recommended,248310,18902068,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Applebeats,Love the game
,Recommended,248310,19350453,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Subpilot41,"I have enjoyed this game thus far and would recommend it to anyone looking at playing a sonic style sidescroller or anyone who wants to play a fast-paced action game. Some slow downs and a small learning curve are to be expected, but the game certainly provides enjoyment far exceeding its cost."
76561198192608038,Recommended,248310,19316924,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Twist,Best Indie game I have EVER played!!
76561198134800494,Recommended,248310,19348998,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,kittywolf13,very fun game! has fun elements of sonic and then so much more!!
,Recommended,248310,19350821,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,KamiNoKaze,Very fast game that hooks you quickly. Try to resist!
76561198244889036,Recommended,248310,19426716,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,BlueOwl,"This game. I have not been this physically moved by a game since Chrono Trigger first came out on SNES. I have reccomended this game to several people, all of which probly think I am a maniac at this point. My girlfriend wanted me to buy it. I turned it on to check it out. I spent 10 hours playing it. I am not a heavy gamer anymore, I haven't played like that in YEARS. This game is just fun. And beautiful. The pixel art is amazing. It is not an anything clone. It seems to draw from sonic, megaman and sparskster, but is definitly more of a homage than a copy . It plays like a classed sega or SNES game, but isn't afraid to take things a little farther than those systems could. The cast and gameplay is unique and captivating. Do youself a favor and play this game."
76561198026636405,Recommended,248310,19401947,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Glitchmaster1872,This is what happens when people actually try to make a game good. no gimics. no money grabbing scemes. this is the kind of thing i want from a video game. Im looking forward to seeing more from this franchise.
76561198035287981,Recommended,248310,19429622,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Nyepz,Is like Sonic but better.... and purple10/10
76561198262362024,Recommended,248310,19404747,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,cosmicgirleternity,I really love this game.  The moment I started to play this game I instantly fell in love with it. It remind me so much of the 2D Sonic games which I love to play.  I really hope one day they make a sequel.
,Recommended,248310,19269300,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Lenneth,Well now. first time I have ever decided to give a very glowing review for a game with an astetic simular to Sonic and other sorts of that art style. but I need to give this developer credit. Freedom Planet is a very good one with what I see as some very nice nods if you know the games to others with the different abilitys and such your chars have. I wont spoil what they are like but lets just say.. play Lilac and tell me that Raystar or Sparkster/Rocket Knight don't come to mind.as for the game itself I have to give them alot of credit for it being akin to the same style of worlds as Sonic but also not as you don't see different acts persay in there. you just realize it when the music changes. The feel of speed is also present but its got replayability for the fact theres a ton of stuff to find in every level and often its not as easy for every char to reach everything. a nice plus for such a game. I wont go to details on the story as while its nice sadly in games like these the story ends up being rather meaningless to me after a while but its very memorable even saying that. (it and one other are actually remembered by me)However.. time to put this in simple terms. Great game. great artstyle and art as well as a wonderfully colorful world makes playing this game a joy for anyone who likes platformers.
,Recommended,248310,19265308,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Paulkdragon,a very fun game with a amazing soundtrack great level designs that remind me of the classic Sonic the hedgehog games and with fantasic voice actors i highly recommend giving this a shot!
,Recommended,248310,19562185,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Cai,"As a man who grew up on Sonic The Hedgehog...The good ones... This game was a very pleasing surprise and I'm very glad I downloaded it. It takes the speed of the classic Sonic games and adds a nice adventure and combat element, I find myself adventuring through an area instead of dashing though it mindlessly. Enemies dont hurt you on contact so each encounter is a fight rather than trying to get lucky and jump into them at the right time. And the boss battles are exactly that, Battles. I found myself in an intense skirmish with a mechanical mantis boss, dodging his claw attacks and countering with my own, to cut off his arms and attack his head, and lucklily when I was low on health I had the option to run around the  room (boss still on my tail) and came upon a line of health on the side of the wall.Other cool things to note:*Multiple playable character*Cool unlocks*Great soundtrack*Well done story*And much more...Just buy man xDAll-in-all if your a fan of the old Sonic and other sidescrolling platformers you wont be disappointed friend."
76561198241775684,Recommended,248310,19507025,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Night Angel,"A 16-bit Sonic Game that all Sonic Fans were expecting but with a better soundtrack, better story, better characters, and less Sonic."
,Recommended,248310,19557914,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,eagerstriker,"Im only like a half-hour into this game and I already freaking love it! Its got lots going for it; good looking old school graphics, good music, simple but effective combat evenly balanced with platforming, story seems solid so far, and the humor got me laughing! I see lots of folks comparing this to some of the good old sonic games, but I myself would argue that its a bit better than that (not to take anything away from the old sonic games, they were great too)! Totally worth the money in my book!"
,Recommended,248310,19202922,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,LordVasto,I really like this game
76561198091085410,Recommended,248310,19299382,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Shayminthedoctor,I cannot recomend this game enough to those who played the Genesis Sonic the Hedghog games.It feels just as smooth and plays twice as well with an interesting story to boot
76561198018818592,Recommended,248310,14122369,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,MrDrProfessor4,An amazingly good indy game that still has me coming back to it months after I beat it.
,Recommended,248310,19366213,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,E.Sonic,"Fast, fun, addictive. I really liked this game B)The platforming is great and so is the combatHowever combat is usually optional as you can run past any enemies you findBosses are challenging but very funThe keyboard controls are a little awkward though, I often got the attack and jump button mixed up"
,Recommended,248310,19384051,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Stardust,"It's Lesbian Space Sonic, so of course I was immediately sold, personally.The story isn't amazing and the dialouge is a little corny, but considering the inspiration source I suppose that's to be expected isn't it? Besides, if you want this it's for the gameplay, and it's definitely solid in that regard, plus the soundtrack is pretty nice. Also, not a huge factor but as a last note I absolutely adore the vibrant colors used in this as well, it's absolutely beautiful.If you've been wanting a solid classic Sonic game this is more or less up your alley."
,Recommended,248310,19498637,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,ＨＯＦＦＭＡＮＮ,"Do you like Sonic?Do you like going fast?Do you like good platforming?Do you like a really good soundtrack?If you answered yes to everything or anything above, play this game. It's surprisingly good and addictive."
,Recommended,248310,19492677,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,1cedGuardian the Spooklord,"Scott Ramsoomair (Creator of VGCats) had this as a link to check out and I did, love it. Gorgeous sprite work, fast paced platforming makes it feel like it would have been a must own for any Genesis owner if it came out at that time."
,Recommended,248310,11532127,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,LEGOhairRunner,"Homage to the 16-bit era of platformers on the Mega Drive such as Sonic The Hegdehog and Gunstar Heroes, but with it's own characters and universe to stand on it's own two feet. The controls feel great but they could be a little tighter, along with a really good looking asthetic. The music is fantastic (I bought the soundtrack). One thing that made me happy is the boss fights that are rather challenging, rather than being a push over. If you like games back in the day when platformers from the Mega Drive era were king, this might be for you."
,Recommended,248310,13747984,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Totally Awesome Controller,"Well-designed platformer and a fun 90's throwback, but boss battles tend to lean towards the frustrating side at times."
76561197980697066,Recommended,248310,13748142,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,ssj_goemon,I really enjoy this game. The story is interesting and I love the characters and voice acting. The gameplay is awesome as well.
,Recommended,248310,13664486,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Crowley,This is awesome...possibly better than the old sonic games
,Recommended,248310,13728233,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Ishwar,"Still needs polishing, but is quite the result of loving creators.9/10 - Would watch Friendship is Magic again."
,Recommended,248310,13730197,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Gecko,"The best sonic game i ever played.Seriously, i went in expecting miserable voice acting and a bunch of deviantart tier sonic ocs in a !sonic game, but instead i got three very different, incredibly satisfying to control characters with PMD levels of effort devoted to character cutscenes and such.The bosses were straight out of the most intense stuff the genesis had to offer. Alien soldier and contra hardcorps come to mind, surprisingly.The story itself was a little insipid, but the cutscenes and voice acting were all done with love and  the gameplay was rock solid.PS, you're invincible while you do your special. This is pretty much required at the end of the game, and it never really tells you about it.9/10. Absolutely amazing for what it is. I haven't enjoyed an action platformer this much in years. If you ever liked 2d action plats, or miss the old sonic games, ♥♥♥♥ing play this. It's gold."
,Recommended,248310,13731500,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Skreya,"I really enjoyed this game. If you enjoy retro styled games i highly recommend Freedom Planet. This game was inspired by Sonic and Megaman, but shouldnt be considered a clone of either of them+Cinematics are well done+Unique playstyles between the characters+Combat is very solid+Movement is very smooth (GOTTA GO FAST)+Havent found any bugs so far+Each boss fight is different {Serpentine has some repeated mechanics} (havent cleared all final dreadnaught so cant say for those stages)+Good story-The dialogue is a little poor (Not audio quality)"
,Recommended,248310,13719429,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,McShmoodle,"Mega Man X plus GunStar Heroes plus Super Mario Bros. 2 plus Sparkster, multiplied by Sonic the Hedgehog, divided by the 16 and 32-bit eras of gaming=Freedom Planet. At first glance, this game appears to be nothing more than a Sonic clone. But if the aforementioned equation means anything to you, you can already tell that's not the case. While the game shares the same momentum-based physics, high speed action, and anthropomorphic of the classic Sonic games, the game distinguishes itself with its amalgam of varying playstyles between characters and its character driven story. The game features cutscenes that give the whole game a Saturday morning cartoon vibe, and each boss encounter feels more meaningful than just an indicator that the level is over. It's not RPG-quality storytelling, but it's lightyears beyond anything the Sonic series has seen in a while. I suppose I can just end this by saying that it's Sonic, but better in almost every way. The whole game is a love-letter to a bygone era of gaming, so pick it up if you have warm feelings for classic 90's action games."
76561198022456064,Recommended,248310,13820029,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,BiggerBoss,"This game was really fun and had alot of fast paced action. If you're into good 16 bit style games like back in the Sega Genesis and SNES days, then this is the game for you. I had heard this was originally supposed to be a Sonic fangame. Honestly I'm glad it just became it's own original IP, because it turned out to be something much more awesome."
,Recommended,248310,13902198,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Minty Fresh Sothen,"What was once a derivative Sonic the Hedgehog fangame where the main character was a hedgehog has now blossomed into a love letter to the 16-bit era of gaming and the surge soda-fueled excitement of 90's culture in general. It's an action-platformer that grabs inspiration from Sonic, Mega Man X, Pulseman, Gunstar Heroes, and even space ship shoot 'em up games like Thunder Force for good measure, and it's a beastly game in its own right. It sports colorful vibrant visuals, a funky soundtrack, and tight varied gameplay which takes advantage of the unique abilities of (as of now) three playable characters and the myriad of obstacles, enemies and tough bosses that they face. The main protagonist Lilac for example can do a spinning-top maneuver to be used as a double jump in addition to dealing multiple hits, while Karol can roll down hills and climb up walls. Milla can materialize blocks, do a Yoshi-style flutter jump and shield to block hits, which should give you an idea of the variety in playstyle that you can employ to exhaust its robust replay value.Though it is a retro-style game first and foremost, it also boasts a trapping of modern games- fully voice acted dialogue. While shockingly well-acted considering this is an indie game (I gotta give special props to Dawn Bennett and Xander Barriga, the voices of Lilac and Lord Brevon respectively), it's a prominent element in a story that is, quite frankly, a mess.First of all though the presentation of the story is great, as the sprite animations are lovely and some places (like Lilac's treehouse and Torque's tent) were specially made just for the cutscenes and they're detailed visual elements that are fun to look at. The basic premise is that an evil intergalactic warlord called Lord Brevon attacks a planet called Avalice and sows discontent and conflict between its three resident kingdoms in an attempt to secure the Kingdom Stone, an artifact that could make him unstoppable by doubling the size of his army... somehow. Lilac the dragon, Karol the Wildcat, and later Torque... the alien? and Milla the... basset hound are cast into an adventure to stop him. Though this sounds reasonable enough by itself, the story is plagued with inconsistencies and tonal problems. The intro cutscene shows Brevon decapitating the emperor of one of the kingdoms in front of his son, which is then followed in the main game by useless dialogue of Lilac and her friends talking about cooties. The whole game follows this line, with themes of loyalty, subversion, diplomacy and even ultimatum interspersed with awkward attempts at comic relief and character interactions that go nowhere. It definitely gets my credit for trying because of the splendid presentation and the (mostly) great voice acting, and there are a couple moments in the story near the end that I liked, but overall the big problems soured my taste, and it outright failed to truly garner my vested interest in the goings on of the world and its characters. It's nice that developer GalaxyTrail provided the option of playing the game in ""Classic"" mode, which removes the cutscenes between levels altogether, so you can ignore the story entirely if you wish.Gameplay problems are few and far between, as it is overall an absolute blast (especially the intense boss fights), though I REALLY wish that the special meter Lilac uses to dragon boost could fill up faster, or another option could be present  for the player to make it fill up faster besides collecting the blue crystals. I despise the moments where I had to wait for it to refill before I could ascend that ledge the most out of everything else in my playing experience.Thankfully, lackluster story and characters aside, the gaming experience is what truly matters and that in my humble opinion  is a resounding success.  If you had any passing interest in the platformers and action games of the Sega Genesis and the Super Nintendo, I can't recommend this game highly enough."
76561198104401015,Recommended,248310,13902661,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Dennydo1 [FSTGG],A game for all fan of Sonic the Hedgehog and platformers
76561198129239172,Recommended,248310,13903770,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Center-sensei,ilovethisgame.jpg
76561198095491517,Recommended,248310,13832902,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Kiatsu,"""It's like sonic rush.... hated sonic rush"" - Patrick Soares 2014In all honesty however I really find myself enjoying this game, except for when I suck so badly and can't beat a boss. 7 out of 10 would recomend."
,Recommended,248310,14563063,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,The Great Yoyo,"The best PC only sidescroller I've ever played. Its like a really polished version of the old Sonic games, and if you compare this to Sonic the Hedgehog 4, this is by far the better game. The cartoony animal-girl thing its got going might turn people off, but the gameplay itself is worth it."
76561198169891049,Recommended,248310,14537835,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,NCookie Glace,"I would gladly reccomend this game, it has amazingly fun gameplay, in my opinon, a very underrated story, and one of the best soundtracks I have ever heard. The only thing that could catch you off guard is the difficulty, but I do not think it is as bad as everyone says it is. In conclusion, if you can take a hard game, then I would wholeheartetly reccomend this game to anyone."
76561198070789223,Recommended,248310,14580410,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Alex ッ,"I have put eight hours into this game! I ended up buying Freedom Planet during the Christmas sale Steam had a while ago. This game excels at its finest 2D platforming mechanincs!! Kind of reminds you of your favorite blue Hedgehog because of the retro graphics. If you're a fan of 2D platforming, I highly recommend this gem to you! A lot of the animations in this game reminded me of Sonic too. Also, if you enjoyed the old Sonic games this is a must buy HANDS DOWN! Has an interesting story that's worth checking which caught me off guard!"
,Recommended,248310,16554856,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,King Crimson,It's like playing Sonic and Mega Man X at the same time.
,Recommended,248310,16394091,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,scialen,"Having been watching the Super Best Friends' LP of this game and also recently going on a small retro binge with the Sonic games, I had to immediately grab this game.Now, while I'm only 1.5 hours in as of this small review, I have to say it is immediately evident the amount of love, care, and sheer unadulterated awesome that went into this game. It takes everything you know and love about damn good platformers - not least of which Sega Genesis games - and brings it up to date with excellent level design, memorable characters and character abilities that feel natural, and a gorgeous, catchy soundtrack that rivals the most memorable Sonic tracks.What Shovel Knight has accomplished for NES/SNES platformers, Freedom Planet has done for Genesis games up to 11.I have high hopes for the team behind Freedom Planet, and I wish them every encouragement in sequels and new projects."
,Recommended,248310,15716482,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Captain Salty,This game is a fantastic throwback to the retro era. It's like sonic and megaman had a glorious baby. I give it a 7.8/7.8
76561198052389676,Recommended,248310,30505423,Posted: 14 March,all,SamSamsonthe3rd,"Beautiful game that really follows the essence of what made Sonic great (and possibly great again with the release of Mania). It manages to distiguish itself through its nice pixel art and, unlike the Sonic series, seperation of the attack and jump keys, which completely shifts the gameplay, in a good way. I'd recommend this to anyone who liked the 2D Sonic games. Also, the sequel is on the horizon, so if you want to get on the boat, there's no better time to fall in love with this game than the present."
,Recommended,248310,18419228,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Snow Enigma,Loved this game. Fun fast paced game with a pretty generic story but that doesn't mean it's bad. Really great music and fun boss battles and good voice acting. I know some people don't like the voice acting but hell I liked it.
,Recommended,248310,18410094,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,EX DrQuint,The best platformer you'll find on PC
,Recommended,248310,18288056,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Titanus the Dragon,"Freedom Planet is a Retro-inspired game done right! it's as though the develoupers used Doc Browns Time Machine, went back to the 90's and kidnapped various develoupment teams from Sonic, Megaman, and the game develoupers from Treasure!Freedom Planet utilizes beautiful Sega Genesis 32 Bit sprites, all of which looks BEAUTIFUL and well detailed. the game consists of a fairly easy game controls and yes it is compatable with a Keyboard! and I've mastered it quite well. the game is fun and challanging in terms of puzzle solving, while there are some tough spots the game is fair even after you loose all of your lives you still have a fair set of continues. so incase you need more shots at Braven or that infernal Dragon, you have'll have some more tries even after Poor Lilac and Carol are killed (some in rather horrific ways if you think about it). OH! the game also has the most epic, Kick♥♥♥♥♥Soundtrack you'd ever heard and well worth buying as DLC. trust me you'll be jamming to it even in your sleep!... which... I have....Now let's get down to the characters. each one has their own flavor and personality. and from what I understand they have some history to them. I wonder if there is ever gonna be a backstory comic later on?Carol: a wildcat that I can't say I've played yet, but she has her own fair move set from what I can see in the videos. she even has a motorcycle that YES can drive up walls and on cealings! I KNOW RIGHT! HOW COOL IS  THAT!?Milla: a rather cute Basset Hound. she is introduced early in the game. where she lacks in melee attacks she makes up for in mid ranged attacks with these green blob blocks and a shield. and each one can fire a short ranged blast.Lilac: A Dragon who is yes our main character and I will admit my favorite! she has the best move set that's fun to play. as I recall She was originally gonna be a Hedgehog but was changed to be a dragon. A very wise choise In my opinion. and was the best thing they could do. while the game was originally going to be a sonic fangame, they decided to make it their own thing (though they've kept most of the style form what I can see). whoever decided to make Lilac a Dragon instead of a hedgehog is the wisest man or woman ever!each character has their own move set and animations. when left idle they will do things. given enough time they will speak wanting you to get back to the game. though I'm unsure how far this goes. there is alot of content as well. card pick ups for the gallary that includes soundtracks, concept art, and dialog to name a few.In Closing, I urge, No I DEMAND You get this game, it is the BEST 2D Retro inspired game! infact I will even say this is what Retro Game develoupers should strive. I hope this game grows in popularity, and maybe we might see a sequel! it may have started out as a sonic fangame, but I think it grew into a beast all it's own!"
76561198139164038,Recommended,248310,18375343,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Tyr297,"Just beat the game with Lilac and working on Carol now.I'll put the TL;DR part first:Characters are fun, original, and kinda give you a ""real world"" personality.Levels are very well designed, fast paced and make you think.Boss fights are very diverse from eachother making it very unique to the game.MUSIC.WAS.AWESOMESo i can't say enough good things about this game! The playstyle is very smooth and dynamic. It reminds me of a crossover between sonic and megaman X. The boss fights are challenging but extremely fun! I don't think there was really a boss that i didn't have fun fighting. Also the stages are very well done and creative! i had to stop and think a few times before i could complete them. It wasn't like sonic stages how you press forward and win, this game makes you think while at the same time keeping the fast pace. Great combination and balance!The story itself was well written, however there were a couple parts where you almost feel like you missed a backstory or something when they bring up the girl's past. Either way it doesn't effect anything really i just noticed it. Also I really enjoyed the main villain. So, regarding the sonic games, when was the last time you ever saw Dr Robotnik ( i will not call him eggman) torture someone or even do anything other than act kinda menacing? Brevon more that makes up for it, this guy is pretty evil. Loved the story, definitely a game i'll replay!The music was a lot of fun to listen to as well, seriously considering downloading the soundtrack.Overall this game was a joy to play and a breath of fresh air being raised in the early sonic and megaman x times. If you enjoyed sonic side scrollers and/or the SNES megaman X series, you'll love this game. I'd recommend hooking up a controller for the full effect. Best $15 i've spent on steam.Well done, SEGA needs to take some lessons from Freedom Planet! If these guys put out a sequal i'll instabuy it.Well enough of my rant, great game, very happy, good night!"
76561197977724919,Recommended,248310,18140478,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,|MG| JeffMakesGames,"This game is absolute fun.  If you loved playing Sonic the Hedgehog on Sega Genesis as a kid, this will bring back some good memories, and give new ones at the same time.  The game mechanics and controls are pretty solid.What I find to be a nice change up is, all 3 play-able characters (at the time of this review being written) are female.  I have no issues with that at all and really is a nice change to have some female heroes.Now some people seem to complain about the voice acting being terrible, but I do not.Galaxy Trail isn't a triple-A studio that can throw hundreds of thousands at voice acting.  I wouldn't want them to either.  I find the voice acting to be on par with the characters, and gives them proper personality.  The story and plot seems good and decent and hopefully it does get expanded upon as well in the future DLC that was announced.  It would be nice to learn more about the events that unfolded before Torque and Lord Brevon showed up, as well as more about the Red Scarves.The music and sound effects?  Quite good.  I love the effort that was put into the music.  Most stages are split in two sections separated by a minor boss fight, and the music gets changed up to a slightly different theme.  It just all fits well with the mood.You will love this game.  11/10.Aaaaand if the voice acting really bothers you, the game does have a 'Classic' option that includes no story element scenes."
,Recommended,248310,18284866,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Salty Noob,This game is like a mixture of sonic and the megaman x series into one game....with okay voice acting. An awesome game.
76561198301745359,Recommended,248310,30542122,Posted: 16 March,all,jukabemporad,"Good game, reminds me so much of the classic sonic games. Definetly recomend this to sonic fans."
,Recommended,248310,17957384,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Trash Boyfriend,"The duck should have kept his beak on. Im scared.7/10. Not as much of a Sonic clone as you'd think.Very colorful. I was wondering why everything kicked my♥♥♥♥♥so much, but then remembered that I put it on Tough difficulty."
76561198044024393,Recommended,248310,18225276,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,❃ #DatFishOffishial_,"Basically a glorified Sonic game with lots of combat, multiple characters and awesome bosses. Worth a buy if you are into that stuff."
,Recommended,248310,18234739,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,"PicklePee,PumpARum","Clearly better than everything Sonic will and ever has been. The fighting is nice, the running is nice. the sounds are catchy as hell and the story is in my very opinion very likable.And the Character design is just adorable."
76561198154605312,Recommended,248310,18247696,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,DjBlaklite,"this game is just......♥♥♥♥ing awesome, in this super odd, very silly way. i almost feel like i shouldnt play it because its too cartoonish and silly. but i very much enjoy it, it makes the ten-year old in me smile. the art is wonderful. the voice acting is fairly well done. the level design is intuitive. the controls are spot-on responsive. its just all around fun. my only real issue is the length of the cutscenes and the actual script itself that the characters read. its not very good, but its still leaves a sort of charm with the story. all in all good. silly, but good."
,Recommended,248310,17728213,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,0-0-17,"Straight off the bat yes this game is absolutely worth it if you're pining for retro 90's platformers, no question, believe the hype and get it now.The one flagrant bit of misleading information about this that keeps getting batted about though is that it's a Sonic game; it really isn't. It bears far more of a resemblence to Rocket Knight Adventures or, more specifically, it's sequal Sparkster on the Mega Drive (or Genesis if you're wrong :p ). It even borrows that whole train section from Sparkster albeit with a less obnoxious boss. Several nods to Gunstar Heroes are in here too, including two bosses that are homages to Seven Force (one of the best bosses in that game), although it's definitely lacking that game's explosive mania (and if you haven't played Gunstar Heroes, play Gunstar Heroes). Indeed there's probably tonnes more nods (especially in Millas levels) that I'm completely missing. The reason I bring this up is that those hoping for a game as fast paced as Sonic are going to be dissapointed; it certainly resembles Sonic 3 and Knuckles a lot but it's not anywhere near as fluid and there's no great sense of momentum that you used to get in true blue Sonic games and that does make a big difference.On the negative side of things yes the story and voice acting are atrocious, the lives syetsm is almost totally pointless except for achievement hounds, some of the bosses are obnoxiously hard, the last level is especially obtuse with it's incredibly speciific jump timing (I hope you like climbing the same platform section a dozen times) and lacking momentum some of the levels are too big with too few rewards for exploration.All that said Freedom Planet isn't just a good game because it resembles good Mega Drive games, it's a great game that was wise enough to take what made those games great in the first place and big that all up. The levels are big but never tedious, there's some nice design in here and the graphics are both excellent nods to the 16 bit days of yore and at the same time probably more than those systems could have handeled. The soundtrack is fantastic as well, with a huge amount of effort gone into creating unique stage music and an amazing boss theme that I can (and have) voluntarially listen to on a loop. Freedom Planet is the kind of game I've been waiting 16 years for and I really hope they can move onto a proper sequel with ideas from other, more obscure games as well as taking a few more risks and trying new mechanics to really push this style forward, but for now I'll eagerly await the new characters they're (hopefully) patching in in the not too distant future :)"
76561198061695259,Recommended,248310,17965740,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Atomic_Punk,"I just finished my first playthrough of Freedom Planet. I'm not sure  if I'm going to 100% it, but I'm definitely going to at least beat it with every character. Let me just say, this game hit me so hard, and right in the childhood too. I knew going in that this would be a nostalgia trip, with it being a spiritual successor to the Genesis Sonic games, (first games I ever played as a wee lad) but what I wasn't ready for was all the quiet homages to other great Genesis games, such as Ristar, Alex Kidd, and even a little Vectorman! This game was a pleasure to play as somebody who grew up with these games, but I feel like the game totally stands on it's own at the same time. It introduces enough fresh new ideas to where it feels like a respectful homage to the Genesis, as opposed to a blatant recycling of old ideas. It never relies on the nostalgia either, and I think that's what made it such a great game. And don't get me started on all those epic boss fights... so many of them... and they were all so good! I give it a 4 out of 5, only because the dialogue is cheesy at times, and the voice acting could be better, but the characters were no less memorable because of it.Sega could learn a lot from this game."
,Recommended,248310,17978701,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Embers,"The dialogue will make you yearn for death, but if you can weather that you'll find some great level design and challenging boss battles. Definitely a worthwhile playthrough for fans of speedy action games."
,Recommended,248310,18202143,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,♥Tamatoxic♥,10/10 haveing loads of fun and worth buying.
,Recommended,248310,14390490,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,🎃spoop👻,I like Sonic games. This is what Sonic 4 should have been like. Also Multiplayer Mode Please?
,Recommended,248310,18111803,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Karate,"Cool Sega Saturn style game.  Kind of weird furry references but hey, different strokes!"
76561198076702918,Recommended,248310,30536535,Posted: 15 March,all,Elysian Warrior,This game happens to share alot of similarities with the Early sonic titles... it seems like Sega doens't have faith in Thier mascot anymore... but this game more than makes up for what sega has done to sonic lately. Team lilac is sure to give you a good experience
,Recommended,248310,18208256,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,SpyWhoFraggedMe,"I HIGHLY recommend this game.  This is such a fantastic homage to the days of Sonic the Hedgehog.  I always had one nit-picky thing I hated about Sonic -- it moved too fast to actually enjoy the art.  Freedom Planet has a PERFECT mix of just the right amount of speed, puzzle, and platformer action.I haven't yet found out a way to ""Save"" my game -- so I'm not sure if that's even an option, or if it's truly old school and you can't -- but that might be an oversight on my end.EIther way, HIGHLY recommend this game!"
76561198045519402,Recommended,248310,18205270,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,skullro,this game is kinda like a sonic fan game but VERY GOOD!
,Recommended,248310,18195546,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Ashard,"This game has creatively built and challenging levels as well as impossibly hard bosses, which have kicked my butt more than once. The only thing I have to complain about the game are the few glitches I found, like sticking myself in a wall. Overall, I think the price is definitely worth it with three campaigns."
,Recommended,248310,16732723,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Brineshrimp,This is the Sonic game I always wanted.Pros:- Music and art are both excellent.- Voice acting is indulgent to the point of squee.- The flow of the game is intuitive.
,Recommended,248310,16738477,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Connelly90,"I heavily recommend that you skip the story.The story REALLY overstays it's welcome at times. The cutscenes are far too long and the whole thing is quite uninteresting in my opinion.Good thing there is an option to bypass all story and play 100% action.Like Sonic, but a little slower. I feel these games need to put an emphasis on their music, and the music isn't anywhere near as good as the original 4 Sonic games; the level design is also a bit...meh, but I'd recommend it for a cheap little game.It's still quite entertaining.6/10+ Good action+ Nice genuine Sega MD/Gen feel+ Skipable story- Long-winded cutscenes- Music could have been better"
76561198063922927,Recommended,248310,16605576,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Renamon,"Bom o que dizer desse jogo? é mais um daqueles com a receita feita , receita da vitoria.divertido, bem feito, controles perfeitos e jogabilidade melhor ainda.personagens carismaticos e por mais que a historia em si nao dure muito, nao tem nenhum romance ou drama ainda sim é uma boa historia que faz voce se apegar aos personagens.eu definitivamente recomendo comprar o jogo seja pelo preço completo ou não.vale sim a pena.10/10"
,Recommended,248310,16500950,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Dixede,"Cute characters, a very enjoyable story, and while everything was kept PG, it didn't seem quite as kiddish as I expected. It felt like the earlier sonic the hedgehog games; with some clear nods at other games like megaman. If you enjoyed sonic or just want to kill a few hours on a cool story with some pretty nice character animations then this game is a good buy."
,Recommended,248310,16820351,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Cpt. Smug,"This game perfects the ""gotta-go-fast"" platformer better than anything SEGA has ever put out, including the original Sonic games.  The physics feel much more satisfying than sonic games, but they have that ""Genesis/MegaDrive"" feel of momentum and speed.  This game's mechanics really feel like they were meant to combat the common frustrations of 2D sonic games.1. Sonic games use momentum so the player can run fast, but this makes platforming finicky at slow speeds.  Freedom Planet gives you a meter that builds up so you can instantly run your full speed; because it is easy to get to top speed, the designers can make the platforming physics and momentum feel better.2. Sonic games use homing attack to let the player extend their jump, but this leads to easy deaths if you miss.  Freedom Planet uses a cyclone attack as your second jump, letting you float in the air for long enough to land safely.3. Sonic games bind many functions to one button: spin dash, jump, homing attack all use one button.  This leads to whiffed attacks.  Freedom Planet uses three buttons: one for punches, one for jumps, one for the speed dash.  Even though each one of these buttons is bound to many different punches, jumps, and dashes, this compartmentalization really helps to keep the controls intuitive and fun.4. Sonic games use a rings system to gauge extra lives and health.  This means that an unlucky series of two hits can always kill you, regardless of how many rings you have.  This makes death frequent and often surprising.  In a fast paced game like this, quick deaths feel cheap and unfair, making the game unfun.  Freedom Planet uses a leaves system where each attack takes away about one leaf from a total of 7.  This makes the game feel fair because you always have about 15-20 seconds of warning when you're about to die when your leaf count drops.  It also has a gems system that carries across levels.  150-ish gems for an extra life and the 1up music is excellent.5. Sonic games train you to go right and up all the time, making the rare exploration segment feel slow and making the main segments feel like ""hold right to win"" as if the game is playing itself.  If you ever miss the upper path, you are almost encouraged to backtrack to get back on the upper path.  Freedom Planet is all about exploring and non-linear platforming and never lets you feel too lost.6. Sonic games always feature unfun water sections, with an unclear breath meter and slower movement.  Freedom Planet keeps your movement speed fast in water, and the amount of air you have is listed in a bar.This developer put a lot of time into fixing Sonic.  They succeeded.  The game has an Adventure mode and a Classic Mode.  Adventure mode inserts story cutscenes between levels; even though the voice actors are a bit amateurish, the voices manage to sound endearing instead of cringe-worthy like most 3D Sonic games.  ""I'LL TAKE IT BY FORCE, THE HARD WAY.""Definitely worth it."
,Recommended,248310,16742037,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Ninjabunny,"It's pretty much like how Kotaku described the game once. ""Freedom Planet is basically a classic Sonic game, except when it's not.""The story is alright. Nothing real intense but not the worst story there is. There's also a classic mode which gives no story and you go straight from stage to stage.All the characters are fun in general from their dialog to their gameplay.The stages can be action packed or a speedy finish since combat is usually easily avoided if you so wish. The bosses are all fun and some are pretty intense.The music is AMAZING. There wasn't a song (save the second stage) that got on my nerves.I would highly recommend this game whether you're a fan of Sonic games or not."
,Recommended,248310,13675708,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Boneless Coffee,"Ever wanted to play a sonic game that tries to make combat an actual thing and fails to make the physics convincing? then go play 06 because that's not the case here. This game plays like controlling Amy in Sonic advance 1 and the only physics ♥♥♥♥ up I found myself in repeatedly was walking up walls at relatively low speeds. Momentum works, but the amount of momentum required to run on the god damn ceiling is too little. Also, this game is not winning any rewards in creativity, it started development as a fangame and it shows because the plot feels like it was at one point about the black arms taking the master emerald while Blaze, Marine, and Cream had to stop it. I know I'm not the only one who feels that way but it's easily negligable simply by playing in classic mode rather than adventure. The plot itself also has poor pacing (much like this review) since one moment you can beat a level, get a ~1 minute cut-scene before the next level, and then after that level you get 20 minutes of plot before the next level. I recommend this game on sale, but it's not worth 15 bucks unless you really want every achivement or are willing to do a playthrough as all three characters."
76561198044437912,Recommended,248310,13653199,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,XtremePanCakeMix,Played for 8 hours straight without even realizing. 20/11 better than Sonic!
76561198021733739,Recommended,248310,12581140,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,NerikDaFox,"!Ok, first off. This is my first recommendation i have ever written!Now this game is alot of fun and challenging. Running trough the levels are a blast and you learn how to play without any tutorial. And by god the soundtrack. I bought the official soundtrack DLC it because it really managed to drag me along with the adventure. the character having their each personalities really shows and i have no complains about the gameplay.As for the sonic ripp-off thing? I would not say it is a sonic ripp-off. this game is pretty much it's own. Each characters abillities are diffrent and playing as each of them is diffrent each time. And the bosses and level is boun to give you a challenge at first. I died multiple times but i never raged. Because they have attack patter you can remember very well yet you have counter them that is a challenge. Defeating them is rewarding in it self. I have yet to collect all the card and achivment. but heck it is alot of fun to go trough the levels."
,Recommended,248310,13460395,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,shark,I sold all my CS:GO weapons for this game. Worth every goddamn PP-Bizon I dropped.
,Recommended,248310,13465507,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,01d55,"Freedom Planet is a very good platformer. Comparisons to normal Sonic games aren't baseless, but don't underestimate the difference that proceeds from Freedom Planet's use of hit points in place of Sonic's rings and emphasis on lengthy and challenging boss encounters."
,Recommended,248310,13468598,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Sage,Imagine if Treasure made a Sonic game. That's Freedom Planet.
,Recommended,248310,17920813,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,SnowMew~,"It's like mega drive games all together, and it's so good."
76561198065220713,Recommended,248310,16506474,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,aarontheweather,"While I've only just beaten the 4th level of this game, I can with very little doubt say that Freedom Planet is a masterpiece of platforming fun.I'm so happy I decided to purchase this game, after seeing it sit quietly in my wishlist for a couple months.  What initially worried me about the game was that it would be too much of a Sonic clone, what with all those curved ramps, super dashes, and long rows of gems.  To be honest, I was never much of a Sonic fan, and I was worried the game would rely too much on that whizzing as fast as possible through the levels. And yes, this game can easily be played in a speed run style (you do have a timer in the right corner of the screen) where you simply dash, fly, hurl yourself through the gigantic levels.But what I've found is that Freedom Planet also works wonderfully when played a little slower, taking your time to explore the various nooks, and rooms, and tunnels, etc. Because of this, each level I've played so far has taken me between 40 minutes and 1 hour to complete.  There is just SO MUCH detail in the levels that taking a more exploratory approach felt right to me, and is highly rewarding as well.  I've been savoring every moment of this game.Yes, the cut scenes are a bit on the lengthy side, and yes they probably could be streamlined a bit, but this in no way detracted from my experience with the game.  From my perspective, 10-minute cut scenes were interpreted as generosity from the developers.  And if you don't like them, there is the ""classic mode"" which contains no cut scenes, only game play. There is a massive amount of content here, well worth even the full price, though I did purchase the game during a %50 off sale.So, if you are in any way on the fence about Freedom Planet, may I suggest you hop off that fence and get ready to fall in love with one of the most beautiful, inventive, humorous, hear-warming, and incredibly fun games I've come across in quite some time.10/10"
,Recommended,248310,16507004,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Killiox,The true next Sonic game.
,Recommended,248310,16509480,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,テルモフォル先輩,"I don't like Sonic games, but this game surprised me.It plays alot better than Sonic, has that retro feel and the soundtrack is amazing."
76561198110144290,Recommended,248310,16510582,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,AndymanZERO,"I'm sure this will be the thousandth (or millionth) review that compares this to Sonic :PI will say that if I was to travel back in time, run into myself when I was 7 (who was such aHUGE Sonic fan that I practically s**t special-stage-sized rings) and tell himthat there was a game that was like Sonic only fused with Gunstar and Megamancombined, he (or me?) wouldn't believe it. I'm also pretty sure my younger selfwould just have been blown away like I was yesterday.Who knew that by word of mouth from my dorm neighbor that there was one gamethat brought me back to when gaming was at its most pure, simple yet amazing form!This platformer oozes with personality, you name it: Characters, stages, and my godTHE MUSIC. Looks like Sonic (shameless comparision) got a run for ALL his money,and THEN SOME! It actually knows how to do a plot with aliens (looking at you,Shadow the hedgehog, not counting Sonic Colors cause that one was legit)THATS the power of putting your own vision of your favorite games from days pastand turn it into something brand new for all gamers both young and old.Even as a fan of the glory days of 16-bit Sonic or whatever, the amount of loveand detail must have immeasurable. Not to mention the work, which I can'timagine must've seem like forever. This gives me inspiration to pursue my worksbased on genres that I loved, and I want to see this game gather more of theexposure that it deserves. Yes, I'm talking about a sequel, MAKE IT HAPPEN PLSBravo and well done, Galaxy Trail. You got yourself a fan. Props to the voiceactors who also gave life to these interesting characters, especially for hopefullythe first of many more.I only have one complaint about this..........WHY DIDN'T I GET THIS GAME TODAY INSTEAD OF YESTERDAY, CURSE YOU FLASHSALLLLLLEEEEEE ok I'm done.I'm getting that soundtrack doe."
,Recommended,248310,16497372,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,greenimp,"I won't ♥♥♥♥ you around here, this game is amazing. Give it your money. And then play Carol. This is not normally my type of game, but if I had a time machine, I would go back and kickstart this."
,Recommended,248310,16503943,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Armagon,An absolutely fantastic spiritual successor to the Genesis era Sonic games and a brilliant game in its own right. If you enjoy 2D platformers you can't go wrong with this!
,Recommended,248310,16504474,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Pizza Time,"An absolutely amazing retro-styled adventure that was well worth the money I paid. There are plenty of levels, and each character (of the three) has one level unique to them. It's a great game and you should really check it out if you're a fan of the classic Sonic titles. That being said going in there's a few things you should know:First off, this game gets dark. Like, darker than one might expect it to get. Sure its got light hearted moments, but when the game decides to go all dark so suddenly it's just jarring. I mean, I guess I can see why they'd put these moments in a game like this, but honestly it could do without.Second off, the game is very, very polished. Apart from a few bugs that I really had to work hard to pull off (looking at you, crate in Thermal Base) there's nothing really wrong or broken with the game. I never had any  save file corruption or sudden crashes, and the game is fairly easy to run given its 2-D nature.Another thing: I absolutely loved this game. I never really played the Sonic games when I was young, so I'm not entirely blinded by nostalgia here. It's just a well-built, crowdfunded game that you can tell a lot of love was put into. It's nice to see that the collectable cards finally have a use implemented, even if it is just concept art and sound tests.The game is wonderful and if you're still on the fence about it, they have a PC Demo for you to try out. I fully recommend this game."
76561198032287178,Recommended,248310,13961496,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,nugget21,Check out my video review of Freedom Planet! for greater detail.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIwtnSidTOg
76561198059162422,Recommended,248310,13434099,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,HawkMoto-San,"This game is really fun for people who Played the original classics like Sonic and Megaman. The controls are pretty nice with a controller and even keyboard controls were good. The music and level design is great and fits for each character you play as. The character design isn't like sonic at all, they are very original for who they are as characters. The story is pretty fun also, it's just missing a little bit of something(you'll understand once you play it).Only ""Con"" of the game, I would say, is this isn't recommended for people who hate platformers(or are terrible at platformers.) For an Indie game, this would have been a gem back in the 90's for the nostalgic music and graphics of ""genesis/master system"" style, thia game holds a special place in my heart."
,Recommended,248310,16492246,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Lenaro,This game is basically what woud've happened if SEGA hadn't lost their goddamn minds. A really fun Sonic-esque throwback that's better than any recent actual Sonic game.
76561197996740428,Recommended,248310,17936560,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,PurpleWhiteOut,"A fantastic game with an amazing soundtrack. The levels have an amazing flow with so many parallel paths to take, and more nooks and crannies and collectables than you can find on your first playthrough. Death by bottomless pit is not as prominent in this game compared to its peers. but that keeps the action going without cheap deaths. Similarly the health system is more traditional than Sonic games, making every hit count. Freedom Planet boasts an incredible amount of enemies and minibosses with unique, but learnable attack patterns."
76561198012931704,Recommended,248310,17376725,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Wolvenfire86,"Easily one of the best games I have played since signing up for Steam, Freedom Planet is just plain awesome.  Any fan of 16-bit era games (especially the good Sonic games and Megaman) will love this.9.2/10. I can’t wait for the sequel.---Pros:-This is the game Sonic should have become. It’s fast, full of likable characters, excellent gameplay, a decent story that is reminiscent of the 16-bit era, and it’s fun! I said that already, but that matters. This game doesn’t feel like a second job or like a chore. It is genuinely enjoyable.Neutral-This game is so much fun that you’ll forget to look at your health bar. Which is not a bar, but leaves...for some reason.-Most of the enemies in this are programmed to fire the millisecond they appear on screen, which makes running or avoiding them nearly impossible. You will get hit just for running and often. This is no problem in the earlier levels, but since you’ll need to slow down and think end the “Sonic-like” feel goes away quite a bit. But then it feels like Megaman so it’s all good.Cons:- They could have used an editor because some pieces of the story are absent. I had too much fun to realize this until after I beat the game, but still.-Too many homing things. Freaking everything follows you! And those bad guys with one green eye and guns…screw those guys!-I have no idea what I am collecting. I am never told what the Taoist symbol does, or why you can collect different colored orbs when they all seem to do the same thing (I think), or why bubbles come in so many colors when there seems to be only two different kinds of functional ones.-While most bosses are really well done and interesting, some are total B.S. The two on the earth ship are cheap, and the Gecko-ship-thing was pretty annoying.-The writing is a bit cringy in some places. It is not a deal breaker, it is tolerable because most of the story and the characters are great, but you’ll see the places where the script could have been better. And they never explain things. Why does Lilac need to be a dragon? What does that even mean in this world?"
,Recommended,248310,11402079,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,fartbird,"If you played and liked any of the following games on the Genesis:RistarSonic 1-3Gunstar HeroesRocket Knight/SparksterPretty much anything by Konami;Then, I highly suggest giving this game a try. Trust me, there are lots of tributes (NOT references, thank God) to those games in this one, primarily through gameplay. The sound, music and graphics are pretty fantastic too. You can easily ignore the most mediocre bits of this game, which are the story and voice acting. If you're able to stomach those two (and they aren't all that bad) then you should be able to enjoy this game."
76561197992910116,Recommended,248310,11387362,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Jebus,"Been waiting for this since green light EVIN gotss me shirt, need more classic like the old days awsome job guys look forward to more game play!"
76561198107503752,Recommended,248310,11461635,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Fancypants180,Buy it now 10/10
,Recommended,248310,11431525,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Dry-Man De Homem-Christo,It feels like a long-lost Treasure / Sonic Team game. What more do I need to say?
,Recommended,248310,11445907,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,MrFunsockz,"Do you have a fondness for traditional Genesis platformers, such as Sonic and Gunstar Heroes? Do you miss games that were actually difficult, and required you to anticipate boss patterns to succeed?If so, look no further than Freedom Planet, a game that through it's use of traditional gameplay, manages to remain engauging in a modern market because it's simply unlike anything released in the last decade.The gameplay mechanics of the levels are remanicent of traditional Sonic games (loops, fast speeds, etc) with combat mixed in (you have to physically attack enemies to stop them, not just jump towards them). Bosses on the other hand, are inspired by other Sega greats, such as the previously named Gunstar Heores. What may appear cheap or unfair at first, unfurls into a intricate set of moves to anticipate and counteract as the game continues. No boss in unbeatable, and forthought as well as planning can go a long ways in boss fights.The story, while melodramatic at times, rings true with the time period the game mechanics reflect. I can easily see the cutscenes being the ""Freedom Planet Saturday Morning Cartoon"" while the gameplay being the game tied to the same franchise.Taking Freedom Planet as what it is, a love letter to the games and cartoons of the 90s, it is FANTASTIC.If you have any fondness or those times, or want a more modern take on traditional formulas, Freedom Planet is WELL worth your time."
76561198066732523,Recommended,248310,11447401,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,CosmicN0mad,This game does what Shovel Knight did for the NES-Era. It's a love letter. Go check it out.
,Recommended,248310,11452758,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Slayrider,"If you love your oldschool genesis titles like Sonic and Rocket Knight.. This is a game for you and well worth picking up. The controls feel just like an oldschool title but it has a more dynamic feel to it, the voice acting is good, the story works for what it is and the different characters actually feel different in more aspects then just slight ability changes, which is nice. Overall, worth it."
,Recommended,248310,11442093,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Raweno Gǎ-oh,The best parts of gaming in the 90's all rolled into one awesome game.
,Recommended,248310,11456474,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Shin2k27,"This game is an example of how far you can push old school sprite work with modern day speed and interactions.Galaxytrail studio's 3 years of hardwork definitely pays off with the high quality work on this game.Pros:- Lush and beautiful sprite work along with fast paced animations- Mix between Speed and Exploration type gameplay along with Bonus rewards for exploring hidden zones.- Very responsive controls along with a unique array of moves permitting beautiful traversal segments.- Colorful cast of characters with varied styles.- Humorous and solid voice acting- Can be played with Storyline (adventure mode) or Classic (stage per stage)- Perfectly captured a mix of retro style with modern action scenes.Cons (Mostly Nitpicking):- Controller support requires tweaking or manual re-input of the controls.- Anthropomorphic character designs (Some people hate that, some dont.)I honestly cant say more since the rest can be experienced by gameplay, checkout the demo at:http://freedomplanet.galaxytrail.com/And i recorded a bit of gameplay at :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g46OgdJpJggIf you ever were a fan of gunstar hero, Alien Soldier,  contra hardcorps, sonic 1-2-3, Astal and other similar retrogames : This is a MUST BUY :)"
76561197996481081,Recommended,248310,11457360,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,neoamerican,"Sega needs to take note. These guys are eating their lunch right now because THIS is a Sonic game. More of a Sonic game than anything since S3&K. The game is a labor of love of what makes a Sonic game a Sonic game, minus Sonic himself. And ""Fortune Night"" is a true successor to ""Casino Night"" and ""Carnival Night."" A China Town Casino Night themed level, well played!10/10 if you are a old school Sonic fan."
,Recommended,248310,11472908,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Koden,"I wanted to beat Freedom Planet at least once before I could give this a solid recommendation.  This game has it's hard moments, but it's fair about it.  The harder spots have fair checkpoints which cut down on the frustration some.  Works great with an xbox 360 controller, though I decided to use the D pad instead of analog, since the game is digital input.  Play the demo if you are unsure, but this is far from a sonic rip off.  Get it, it's worth full price."
,Recommended,248310,11455554,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Zeb,"This is a game that I've been hearing about for the past 2 years, and now that it is finally released, I've decided to play it to see if it is worth the hype. Short answer: Yes, Yes, A Million times YES!. Long Answer: A platformer with excellent music that is not only ambient but catchy as well, fantastic visuals, a great story that is VERY well voice acted, intricate boss fights, and solid gameplay. It seem to be a hybrid of the obvious (*cough* Sonic the Hedgehog *cough*) and the playstation Mega Man games (namely Mega Man 8 and X4) and a touch of Rocket Knight. The game feels like an old Playstation/Sega Saturn game (whether or not that was intentional, I have no idea), and that is something that ""retro inspired"" games don't really try to emulate. Often they try to be 8-Bit like the NES or 16-Bit like the Genesis/Mega Drive, and it is nice to see a retro inspired game try something different. However, this game also does it's own things and isn't just your average ""Nostalgia"" fueled game. It has plenty of originallity and charm to be it's own game. Overall, this is an absolutely fantastic game that is worth every penny! I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,248310,11473394,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Salty Bob,First and formost this game is HEAVILY inspired by the old school sonic games from the character design to the level layout to the bosses but they do a very good job at using oldschool ideas with original concepts for character movesets and a charming story. Gameplay wise it starts a little easy on normal mode but that isn't a problem in the later levels where they ratchet up the difficulty and bosses take down multiple pips of health. Overall an enjoyable experience that I wholeheartidly reccoment to any of my friends and especially anyone who enjoyed some of the older side scroller sonic games.
76561198090764270,Recommended,248310,11560511,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Kimfectio,This is so awesome game! i love chars so much then i would like to have very own Lilac-plushie. or Carol. Aaand maby evenMilla
76561198020323494,Recommended,248310,11495858,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Lecrazam,"As someone who enjoys a good platformer I randomly discovered this game... I do not know who linked me to this game or if I just stumbled on it. Anyhow it plays like a mix of Sonic the hedgehog and Rocket Knight Adventures with some bosses that are similar to those found in Vectorman and Gunstar Heroes.I found the abilities for the different characters to bring their own twist to the gameplay formula and make this unique enough to not just simply be a Sonic clone.Great music and level design what more could you want.... if I had to complain about one thing it would have to be the boss battles on later levels in ""Normal"" mode which are far too difficult for ""Normal"" and more along the lines of ridiculously hard... I think the game sums up the difficulty for me during the credits with levels 1-7 having 0-3 deaths per stage... then after 14+ or so on later levels... can be fixed by turning it down to easy... could just be me... I rarely replayed boss stages in similar games like the newer Sonic or Mario titles.Now then for the story... it actually was pretty good and shockingly actually delivered a convincing big cheese bad guy... which I cannot say many games in the genre that I have played handled properly. The characters were handled well and the voice acting is actually on par with other games in the genre with lareger budgets.I am going to recommend this game to anyone who enjoyed any of the classic Nintendo or Sega games just be warned if you play for the platforming and not epic hard boss battles you may want to switch to easy or casual after stage 7... though they may fix it with some patch so could be entirely different by the time you read this."
76561198123409605,Recommended,248310,11706899,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Rylkal The Wolf 🐺,"I'm still playing the game. So no full review yet. As of now, making me a fan of this Sonic-like game with likeable characters, good story line, and some challenging levels and bosses you want to speed run, I highly recomend this game. 9/10 for fan service. But overal, 8/10.The Good: Play at your own pace. Speed-run the game or stop and exlpore to find every nook and cranny for collectables. A time attack mode challenge for those who enjoy speed-runs. Beutiful sprite graphics that are highly polished. Voice acting is great that brings life to the characters who are very likeable. Gameplay is solid, fluient, basic, and simple. And has a lot of replay value. The music has some throw back 16 bit sound I can hear and is very welcoming to those who love 16 bit music. It's enjoyable to listen in the game.The bad: The game is short. But this is a game ment for speed-running. So it's excuseable. I can't tell you how long you can beat the game since it can be estimatied from roughly 1-3 hours on your first try. The end boss is a little too challenging to beat. So try your best to remember patterns of boss fights and extra lives. I highly recommend using a controler. The game is unfriendly to those who use a keyboard when it comes to platforming games and for speed-running.Above all, if you miss retro style graphics, gameplay, and challenge with more added gameplay control, pick this game up. It's a game that should not be overlooked. For those who Kickstarted this game's support, I see you all have not been disappointed.X3"
,Recommended,248310,11760810,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Foofy Boo,"i cant think of trying to rte this game below 10/10. it's the best game i've ever spent money on, and totally worth it. The protagonists to the game are unique, funny, and amazing in all their own ways. the story is great, and the music and level designs work perfectly together. this is definitely a game worth buying for all gamers, especially if you enjoyed the classic Sonic games."
76561198092616014,Recommended,248310,11549730,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,MikeyDarkMatter,one of the best games i have played ever
76561198093758135,Recommended,248310,11672715,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Aaron Halberd,"Now, I COULD give you an in-depth review detailing all the big pros and cons on this game. But, considering how plenty of other people have already done it better than how I'd expect I'd do it, I'll just tell you this:Other than the time I got Left 4 Dead 2 for free, this is the first time I have ever felt guilty for buying a game for less than what I was willing to spend for it.Buy this game."
76561197966319532,Recommended,248310,11643531,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Imp Hunter,"Excellent Indie 2d platformer that hearkens back to the days of Sonic on the sega genesis. The game is well executed and highly polished given the sad state of some indie games that launch broken and a mess this is a breath of fresh air.The game is influenced heavily by Sega Genesis era platformer series Sonic The Hedgehog, it is not however a boring clone as it features a cast of unique characters with a good (if somewhat cheesy) overarching story. Gameplay wise the game flows very well, controls are responsive and the available playable characters are varied and interesting in the play styles they offer. Boss encounters are likewise varied and offer interesting challenges with a gradual climb in difficultly.Aesthetically the game looks great capturing the genesis era graphical style perfectly the sound effects and music are excellent, the games story is also complete with voice acting and while some users complain of the quality of this i find for an indie title and speaking relative to that the voice acting quality is overall high."
,Recommended,248310,11515208,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Vakora,"This game may play like a classic Sonic game, but there is so much more to it than that. There is a full story mode with scenes inbetween stages that may be upward of ten minutes of dialog. I like this, I always enjoy story no matter how silly it may be, but if you just want your classic running-based platformer action, you can skip all that with the classic mode. There are three playable characters each with their own mechanics that makes playing through as each an entirely unique experience. The levels are well designed and thought out and each boss is it's own. This game is filled with variety, there was not a dull moment to it, and not a bit of repitition."
76561198006476344,Recommended,248310,11421911,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Akira | GER,"Freedom Planet is a completely rounded masterpiece that has the feeling of a real Genesis game but adds nice features like a interesting story and memorable characters. This is not least due to the fact that their voice actors do a really nice job. The visual presentation is outstanding by reason of the highly detailed stages and huge sprites. Furthermore the different characters each have their own playstyle so that the replayability is very high. To sum up I can say that this is one of the platformers I have the most fun with and every person on the planet should play. HONOR AND GLORY TO THE DEVELOPERS!The music is awesome, too."
76561198040608633,Recommended,248310,11588868,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Raiderrpg,"I feel like I'm back on the Genesis again when I play this gameOnly it's not the GenesisIt's a SUPER GENESIS(Yes I went there).More seriously, if you want high speed- good action- difficult boss fights- and a just-barely-not-cliche plot, this is for you."
76561198088777204,Recommended,248310,11595734,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Cake,"I am a fan of of Action platformers. This game takes my enjoyment of them further, especially with the retro feel. The levels are massive, which is nice in giving a lot to explore, and the story is written amazingly. The skils of each character are useful in their own way, from Lilac's Dragon Boost, to Carol's motorcycle. I wil say, the bosses are a tad tough, so be wary fans of Carol, but the battles tend to be pretty epic.If I were to rate the game, I would say 9.5"
76561198048752110,Recommended,248310,11743869,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Dunwich Daddy,"remember when you played Sonic 1, 2 or 3 for the first time? Remember that feeling you get when you're just barrelling through these beautful stages with music that you STILL hear in your head from time to time? Remember not knowing what the nerf you're doing or where you're going, but it didn't matter because you were having fun regardless? And how satisfying it was to just run straight into a bossfight, whomp them, complete the level, see that win pose and the final score? Or maybe you died a few times, but you still kept coming back to fight it becaus you KNEW you could do it? And maybe even started to memorize the map little by little?That's what this game feels like. It feels just like a classic Sega Genesis gem that slipped under the radar, save for tighter controls and charming characters with full voice acting.It may look silly. Heck, even the trailer for it on steam may put you off. But it really is fun, and while it started a while back as just a sonic the hedgehog fan-game? It really grew up into something all its own. I'll admit that 15 dollars might be just a buck or two beyond what you'd want to pay, but it's totally worth it."
76561198054577153,Recommended,248310,11426940,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,NickKohai,"This game is super fun, The whole furry thing drove me away at first, but after seeing Martyn from the YOGSCAST play it, I thought, ""Might as well give it a shot"". If this were released in the SNES era of games, this would no doubt be a cult classic."
,Recommended,248310,11418619,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Tantroo,It's Like Sonic and Sparkster (of Rocket Knight) had a baby!Full review here:http://www.flayrah.com/5761/freedom-planet-furry-platformer-inspired-furry-platformers
,Recommended,248310,11419694,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Kharne83,"Full review:http://somecrapgamer.blogspot.com/2014/07/5-awesome-freedom-planet.htmlTL;DR Version: While taking influence from serveral 90s platformers, the game manages to stand up on it's own and is not quite the clone you might think it is. Highly reccomended"
,Recommended,248310,11915243,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,mjbreese,"Bought this game at full price and it was worth every penny and then some. Awesome Game, this is not just some Sonic the Hedgehog clone, it is a great game on it's own, really hope it gets a sequel.  Everything about the game is done well.  Only minor complaint is that some of the difficulty spikes with the boss battles.  I would very highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,248310,18942797,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Widowmaker's BFF,I love platformers.
76561198076370554,Recommended,248310,18826037,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Mystic,"10/10The game is amazing. At first you wana give it try, moments later, you'll love it"
76561198043019168,Recommended,248310,18893632,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,avin49,"This is possibly one of the greatest games I have played in a long time! If you are a fan of the old school action platforming games, espcially the old sonic games, you will love this! Don't even give it a second thought buy this game and support this developer!Also if you it's featured as this month's indiebox so check out the indie box website if your interested that way you can get the game with some neat stuff to."
,Recommended,248310,17656847,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Captain Toast,Want Sonic without SANIC?Freedom Planet's got ya covered.Want Freedom Planet without FRIENDSHIP?Freedom Planet's got ya covered.
,Recommended,248310,18576150,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Drago69,"""Space Cooties"""
,Recommended,248310,13966017,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Wild Matsu (無法松),"A group of autistic Sonic fans got together to make their own game heavily inspired by Sonic. They accidentally made a good game instead. Name a Sonic game that's better than this. You can't.This game has great music and beautiful 2D graphics; not indie retro garbage, but quality sprite graphics on par with Sega Saturn games.  The gameplay takes the parts from Sonic that are actually good, and fleshes it out with additional platforming and combat mechanics.If I have a minor complaint, I think the game is too zoomed-in, and would benefit from giving the player a wider view. The game would likely be better at double the resolution. The postage-stamp sized view is enough for doing the necessary platforming and combat, but it really makes exploration tedious, so I ended up just gunning straight for the goal on every stage. It's a shame, because the level design is quite intricate: the levels are very large and have many paths.You should know that all of the characters in the game are furry, and all of the playable characters are female, if that sort of thing will sway your decision.The story is not as embarrassingly bad as I thought it might be, but I'll recommend you just play Arcade mode and spare yourself. (The remainder of this review will be about the story, so bail now if you aren't interested.) The script has fairly lengthy cutscenes in between every stage, and yet, doesn't amount to much. I suppose you can't expect better from people who think Sonic the Hedgehog is good.The game has one giant plot hole that is so large it detracts heavily from the entire story. The protagonist, Lilac, and deuteragonist, Carol, seem to be extremely strong, as they are able to hold their own against legions of enemies, including soldiers, monsters, and giant robots. And yet, they are young enough to refer to themselves as children, and don't appear to have any special powers, or notoriety. At least Sonic has super speed as an explanation; it's paper thin, but it's *there*. Freedom Planet has nothing. That's the sort of sloppy writing you'd expect from a work of fiction aimed at children, but the complexity of OTHER parts of the story indicate that it wanted to be taken much more seriously than that.The game makes a big deal out of hyping up its main antagonist, Brevon, an interstellar tyrant with access to superior technology who has killed countless heroes on countless worlds, and asks the question of why Lilac believes she can win against him. This question is not answered at any point, and yet Lilac prevails anyway. It seems like one of the game's most important plot points, and yet it is completely dropped. Even the standard cliche about the power of believing in yourself would have worked better than the big fat nothing the game offers.Not only does the game not explain why the heroes are so strong, it also fails to explain why they decided it was their responsibility to save the world. For all the damn talking that goes on, the game hardly explores the two main characters at all. Not only do they lack any special powers, they lack any personal connection to the game's events.The question of why Lilac decided it was her responsibility to save the world is brought up just once, when it serves the needs of the plot by splitting her and Carol up. Carol asks reasonable questions, and the scene makes Lilac look naive more than anything else. It's the sort of blind optimism that, narratively, invites an embarassing defeat. Sure enough, it leads her into a trap, where she is captured and tortured. But Carol instantly changes her mind immediately after their argument, and rescues Lilac, who ultimately learns nothing from the experience, and never pays for it again.If the story was more simplistic, or the protagonist was silent, it wouldn't occur to me to ask these questions. But with the script as long as it is, they are glaring omissions. Instead of fleshing out its main characters, the game builds a complicated plot that focuses on the relationships between three countries, all with similar-sounding Chinese names so you're sure to confuse them. (Shang Mu and Shang Tu? Are you KIDDING me?!)  Who's on what side changes between each stage and it's difficult to keep up with, or to justify putting in the effort to bother. The story is definitely overcomplicated for a simple platformer like this. The time you will spend watching the story is ultimately not rewarded; it does not enhance the experience over the base game. If you play Arcade Mode, you still SEE the cutscenes without dialog, Sonic 3 & Knuckles-style, allowing you to imagine a better story than the one the game actually has."
,Recommended,248310,18517235,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Crescybun,"Fast and charming action-platformer influenced by the best parts of 2D-Sonic-games. Stages feel a bit too long and provide some good challenge later on (even some frustration). Gameplay is addictive enough and level designs have nice verticality, just like in Sonic-games. Voice acting is sometimes very obnoxious and the story takes itself way too seriously for its own good. Luckily the characters are cute, soundtrack is cool and graphics vibrant & colourful so the presentation is also solid stuff."
,Recommended,248310,17888131,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,El Presedente Beatus,I think this game just tricked me into becoming a furry
76561198018775820,Recommended,248310,18646368,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,gourry.gabrief,"I really recommand this game. It is like a fusion of Sonic3&K and Dust an Elysian Tail (another very good indie game).The game is beautiful and makes the best out of the 32 bits pixel art. The voices are properly dubbed, which adds a nice touch to the experience. This is especially true considering that the story mode has a whole plot that is fully animated and that doesn't skip important parts. The team really worked a lot on this project and the finish touch is there.About the gameplay, it's a good old sonic-like game with lot of mechanics. In fact, the feeling is so similar to sonic that I was at the beginning frustrated to no be able to run as fast as in a sonic game. And the loss of speed right after a jumper is also somewhat annoying. But it's a small matter compared to all the moves you can do. And since you have 3 playable characters, you can replay the game 3 times with a different style of gameplay (but it's not *that* different).The musics are quite good too. Not epic but definitely adequate to the sonic 2d era and pleasant to hear. Too bad I couldn't change the volume of the sounds.About longevity, you'll have a whole day to play for your first run (progression is saved and you can continue from last savepoint). For such kind of game where you run at full speed through the levels, that's really a lot. And the best is that's not repetitive. There are really a lot of various contents. And concerning the difficulty, I find it well balanced and progressing nicely with the player. Bosses are maybe a bit too challenging, especially the last ones, but the infinite continues makes sure that you'll eventually beat the game. Once you finished the game with lilac, you can replay it with two other characters and with new powers, which is appreciable. A timer and a classic mode (no story) is also there for those who want to speedrun the game, which is nice too.If you miss the old sonic games from genesis megadrive, or if you liked Dust, you really should play this game. It regularly in sales, but I feel it is worth the whole price too. Definitely recommanded."
,Recommended,248310,18671408,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,IWubsGaming,"Do you like Sonic? Are you a fan of Sonic to this day but, Not satistfied with the current games? Then i strongly recommend this game for you! Hello all! I Wubs Gaming here to feature a new game called Freedom Planet! Now.. I don't usually do reviews on games unless it is worth my time but, This.... This is worth every penny... You will feel the nostalgia from the old Sonic games like Sonic The Hedgehog and Sonic The Hedgehog 2 and 3! Yes the gameplay will feel like Sonic but, It brings out new gameplay features in a 2D game that wasn't available in the past! You can LITERALLY FIGHT you're way past enemy's instead of just boosting like in some Sonic games. The voice acting is incredible for the characters and the soundtrack gives you great songs to listen to! If i were to rate this game fairly; I'd give it a 10 out of 10! Now as for ""trends"" through the internet/YouTubers (like myself). I'd give this a TEN OUTTA TEN! (If anyone gets the ref. You deserve a cookie). This game is worth the money!"
76561198129851380,Recommended,248310,18699126,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,chloeokoya,fan game freedom planet
,Recommended,248310,18695234,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,T00N3Y-SA,"Overall a very fun platformer that is NOT a sonic game... it's better. The story is lackluster, and the voice-acting is quite poor, but the gameplay (which is always the most important aspect to me) is fluid and fun.Depending on your taste, you may only playthrough this game once, or a few times to play as all charcters. Or you may play it through many times, but either way, it's worth buying."
76561198059110622,Recommended,248310,18719286,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,wirlog,"The game is really good, don't think that is a Sonic the hedgehog rip off because is not!Positive:+Good Story.+Good gameplay+Lots of action without slowdown.Negative:-Not well balanced game within the characters-Unfair bossfights-Voice acting"
76561198025318338,Recommended,248310,18432622,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Master EVOPK,Ah it has Freedom in the title...BUY IT!
,Recommended,248310,18965893,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,☆SilverStarcatcher☆,"This game is spectacular. Great gameplay, funny and interesting story, an awesome cast of characters. Just an all around really fun game. Plus new DLC will be relased soon so watch out for that! Highly Recommend!"
76561198028950490,Recommended,248310,13105270,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,(Nanalan) Mona,This is great! It reminds of the classic sonic games like sonic 2 and 3. Having lots fun with game! :)
76561198098614141,Recommended,248310,13105743,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,longtime,처음에 보면 소닉인데 점점 이걸 만든 양덕의 피자 스멜이 올라오면서 같이 포니 냄새가 나기 시작한다. 특히 스토리 파트에서 그런데 얘네들 말하는 거나 캐릭터성 보고 포니인줄 알았다. 어떻게 여캐무리 안에 찐따같은 남캐 하나 있는 것도 똑같냐? 쥔공은 열혈정의걸이고 초록이는 삐딱걸 노랭이는 귀척걸이니 삼위일체로다. 뭐 그게 나쁜건 아니고 그냥 양키애니 보는거라고 생각하면 되지뭐. 양키 애니 좋아하기도 하고.그것보다 ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 게임 플레이야 존나 좋다고. 플레이 가능한 캐릭터마다 뚜렷하게 구별되는 스타일이 있는데 와. 주인공의 소닉짭에 초록이의 무투술에서는 그냥 그런갑다 했는데 노랭이가 ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 블럭만드는 거 보고 존나 커비 생각났어. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 초록색 젤리같은거 존나 맛있어뵈네ㅔ. 이걸 노랭이가 존나게 던진다고! 그리고 ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 초록짱짱걸이 빨간 발판 위에 서 있을 때 점프버튼인가 누르면 쉭 뛰면서 따른 발판으로 이동하는데 존나 닌자같아 멋있어! ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 흥겨운 브금이 흐르면서 중간중간 이야! 하는 소리가 들리는게 그거에 맞춰서 뛰면 야퐈! 닌자걸! 할수 있어서 존나 흥분한다.어쨌든 잼써. 나는 소닉3앤너클즈를 기대하고 사긴 했지만 그런건 아니었고 좀더 어드벤처 느낌이 난다. 더 플레이 해봐야지.
,Recommended,248310,14040843,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,XfireMH,"This game has major satifaction, but hard as heck on a keybourd.   I really hope theres more to come, what with that semi cliff hanger with the main antagnost.I only beat the game as linac, but have yet to play as the remaining OC's that are playable in the game.My other thoughts on this is that, this game give me alot of wiplash moments from games like the MegaMan X series, and 2D sonic games.   Even Drevon gives a small resemblence of sigma from megamanX for some resion.Still again I really hope you guys are planning for a sequal.I too am planning to get in the video game industry with my own series that I have in mind, and I plan to match everything thats great about this game into something more intense.   Minus copying the gameplay and story in this game, but you should know what I mean right?.Keep on rocking, and don't let haters get you."
76561198137559211,Recommended,248310,14038395,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,5twedtemman,OMG. THIS GAME IS SO MUCH FUN i STRONGLY RECOMMEND IT!
,Recommended,248310,14318007,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,xmodxgodx,"I've only really played as Carol (the green cat) in this, but this game has everything positive about 16-bit games it's fun, fastpaced, and really challenging. Newcomers beware the boss fights get excruciatingly hard but learning their patterns is half the fun. This is the first game in an extremely long time I've enjoyed this much."
,Recommended,248310,14252883,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,fireking220,"While Shovel Knight was a love letter to the NES, Freedom Planet is a love letter to the Genesis. With Sonic like platforming, Gunstar Heros like bosses, likeable characters, amazing music, multiple characters to play as and other characters and stories coming in future updates, this is a game you will not want to miss."
,Recommended,248310,14296882,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Detective 0rdi,cuckold me
76561197982336637,Recommended,248310,11554159,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,T4RN1SH,Really enjoyed this game alot. Cant wait to see the DLC if it ever gets added.
76561198044020182,Recommended,248310,11556738,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,shadowc35,this game is great for anyone who is nostalgic about sonic and knuckles. really good game. the voice acting isn't spectacular but it certainly isn't cringe worthy. still would give it a 5/5
,Recommended,248310,11853953,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,sonicdeath91,game was great heres my video review =)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8pULLSpwjY0
,Recommended,248310,33109838,Posted: 1 July,all,Minty,"If you remotely enjoyed classic Sonic games, you should get this. This is actually better then them and is quite diverse as you can do more than slam that right button and land ontop of enemies to win, there's actual abilities and secrets in this game with multiple paths and character stories to choose from. Not only that, this game is actually far faster than Sonic 1, 2, or 3. The controls are tight, responsive and fun and actually makes it possible to play at the insane speed moments on Freedom Planet, unlike classic Sonic where it's impossible since the map and enemies will destroy you if you go full speed, unless you already knew the map. Freedom doesn't strangle itself and halt the gameplay to a cry inducing hault like all sonic games do. There IS slow moments, but no painful, boring, tedious platforming.Only downside I would have to say is the voice acting is so god awful that you feel halfway like closing the game just to not hear it.. especially the duck character. Only one that seemed to have some shred of compitence in voice acting is the Cat. But the actual gameplay is top notch."
76561198111372393,Recommended,248310,33084771,Posted: 1 July,all,Kilil,"This game is amazing, almost like if you mixed Sonic the Hedgehog with a Beat-em-up type game, and you'd get this."
,Recommended,248310,33064050,Posted: 30 June,all,Unding The Undinging,Honestly I thinks this game is actually BETTER than the Sonic games people are comparing it to.
,Recommended,248310,33159624,Posted: 2 July,all,Allicat,"you like sonic games, you'll like this game. the story is a little annoying but that can easily be turnedd off, and the gameplay is just too fun to knock it down for that"
76561198126415642,Recommended,248310,32593036,Posted: 20 June,all,hamstered09,One Of the best games ive ever played
,Recommended,248310,32600040,Posted: 20 June,all,Nöa Fox,"Freedom Planet is the best Fan-game of Sonic Series.... The stories, Archievements and the soundtrack so cool.... This Game must be Recommended for Sonic Fans :D"
76561198402220815,Recommended,248310,33389559,Posted: 8 July,all,SonicMaster64,It is a unique platformer and has interesting bosses.It doesn't make you feel angry when you die to the boss you just learn how to defeat the boss.
76561198284692845,Recommended,248310,33465844,Posted: 11 July,all,miloresk8,"Classic Sonic like platformer.  Had to remeber to go into options to change to controller config, other than that its like a fun sonic game"
,Recommended,248310,33490369,Posted: 12 July,all,yokoelf,"One of the, if not the, best indie games there are. It feels like playing old Sonic games, but in a more modern fashion.The level design makes gameplay really smooth and it's very well paced, becoming harder as it advances, reaching the pinnacle on the last boss. I never felt tired of playing.The graphics are stunning and the soundtrack is amazing and memorable.I feel this game should have been much more famous than it is."
,Recommended,248310,33442441,Posted: 10 July,all,SpookyEngineer,"Freedom Planet's story isn't the greatest, it's okay at best, but that doesn't hold me back from enjoying mostly everything about it with it's excellent bossfights (the final boss being my personal favorite), fantastic 2D artwork, and great gameplay.Fantastic game and I can't wait for the sequel to improve somethings like the story, sound mixing (which is bad, but not entirely noticeable), and Milla with some of her combat moves (which it looks like they did coming from the preview they showed off), but besides that. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,248310,33586897,Posted: 16 July,all,LiHe,"Genuine love letter to the Platformer Genre as a whole.a Better Sonic game than most Sonic games,Inspiration not limited to Sonic of course,Jazz Jackrabbit, Gunstar Heroes and the likes can be seen here.If you like Platformers that force you to get Better, Definitely recommended.Lots of small flaws that are expected of a small budget/small team indie game,I'd argue the bad voice acting, some awkward animations etc. give it charm."
,Recommended,248310,33592936,Posted: 16 July,all,ElectroPix,"In short, this game is a fast-paced 2D action platformer with a decent story. If you like the classic Sonic games, you'll love this."
,Recommended,248310,33616424,Posted: 17 July,all,Unplugged Animations,One of the best platformer games on SteamThis game has it all. I would describe it as a Sonic the Hedgehog-inspired combat-focused platformer. The art is stunning and the voice acting is pretty good. (I especially enjoy the bloopers; try holding Down+Special during cutscenes!)
,Recommended,248310,33614706,Posted: 17 July,all,Aimy Wrose,"What if Sonic the Hedgehog was a cute dragon girl? Freedom Planet is the answer!No for real though, this game is wicked cool because it does the Sonic shtick to a T, but is a lot more focused on combat. That's not a bad thing at all, it's really fun. The music and the graphics all go together splendidly. The story is what you would expect from a 2D platforming game, and it hits the right mood without being too cutesy or edgy.If you're a Sonic or a Megaman fan, definitely grab this game!"
,Recommended,248310,33661379,Posted: 19 July,all,Tasuki,"Awesome game with a great sound track. If ur a fan of sonic, then you'll definitely love this game. Bosses are all unique and give you a nice challenge. The pixel style is very pleasing - LOVE IT. Getting to play as the 3 main characters to get different parts of the same story in arcade mode is great. It's nice to see what happens in between scenes when there's actors in a story that are doing something else that ties into the main plot as other things are going on with other characters. The incentive to collect the cards to unlock things is nice rather than collect the gems to gain lives. It's simply a lot of fun, and I hope the developers are working more projects - I'd get them on release."
76561198083574342,Recommended,248310,30439238,Posted: 10 March,all,Drawciawitch,"This game is a lot like Sonic in its focus on speed and its character design, but the similarities stop there. Unlike Sonic, this game focuses more on combat than on platforming, making stages more intense. There is hardly a dull moment in this game, especially if you play on Classic mode. It feels so good to just blaze through levels one right after another. I highly recommend this game for fans of action platformers.I also have to mention that this game is perfect for beginning speedrunners to get into. There are lots of ways to go fast, and plenty of guides and resources online to help you with beating your best time. If speedrunning is a thing you're thinking about trying out, but you don't know where to start, I can't recommend this game enough!"
,Recommended,248310,30438624,Posted: 10 March,all,Serris,"This game is perfect if you like a challenge, but be warned. This game can get extremely difficult at times, so if you are easily frustrated, you may want to be careful with your difficulty settings. While your first playthrough may last around 5+ hours, the game still has plenty to do, making it well worth your time. With multiple characters, branching paths, secrets, and a time attack mode, the game will surely be worth the $15. There are a few problems with it, such as balancing in the bosses later in the game, although they can either be easily fixed, or be ignored entirely. The game is most definitely still possible where it is now, and is extremely entertaining, however you may have lots of trouble with some bosses. Overall, the game is worth it, if you like challenging, fast-paced platformers. And, just to make everything better, FP2 is in developement at the time this review is made, so once you are done with this game, you can be assured more like this is coming soon.TL;DR - Get the game."
,Recommended,248310,22031769,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,limelight1210,Best Sonic game in decades.
,Recommended,248310,21004025,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,nikinu,So rad! Blast proccessing!
76561198005187793,Recommended,248310,21004398,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,MOMBYK,-Great gameplay.-Interesting story.-Awesome music.Team sonic should take notes from these guys.
,Recommended,248310,17436966,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Raymondium,"I was watching a review of Sonic 2 for some reason, and in the video, they mention that there's a game called freedom planet, which is a Sonic game, that isn't a Sonic game. That was enough to peek my interest in this title. Before I played this game, my favorite game of all time was Donkey Kong Country 2, for the music (still my favorite), the level design (most the time), and the length of the game. Then I came across this game, and this, as of now, is my new favorite game of all time. It takes the sonic formula, and then amplifies it, while adding in things that made other platformers great. The soundtrack, while it isn't my favorite, is really good, and kinda gives me Starfox, F-zero, Megaman, and vibes from other platformers. I liked how all the characters played. Lilac is the one I reccomend playing on your first playthrough, as the levels seem to be made around her abilites. The other characters are kinda like variations on how to play, Carol can scale walls, and has a super fast motercycle, and Mila has an exelent double jump, and defensive capabilities that can damage the enemy units. This game also has a story, and while it's really not the meat and potatoes of the game, it's still good for what it is, and is lightyears better than any story in a recent Sonic game. The story starts out somewhat innocent, and there are moments that feel like they belong in a kids movie (and a good one too), but then the story gets really dark, slowly, but surely, kinda like growing up now that I think about it. I also didn't mind the voice acting too much, and a lot of the actors/actresses felt really down to earth, and I can dig that. Now this is the best part of the game, the bosses. If you like the bosses in Gunstar Heroes, Rocket Knight, or Contra Hard Corps (Probotector on the Megadrive in europe), then this game is worth it alone for the extravagant and over the top bosses, that can be daunting in pure size.Now here are where the cons come in. First and foremost, and this only aplies to the versions on pcs, but the game is a bit of a technical mess. If you are running a monitor that is above 60hz (like a 144hz monitor), then you should externaly turn Vsync on, otherwise you will get exreme amounts of stuttering. There's a lack of an in game Vsync option, which just adds an extra step to turning Vsync on, and there isn't a proper resolution option either, and the game runs at 30fps if you don't run it in fullscreen, and if you do run it in fullscreen, then it runs at 60fps, which isn't too big of an issue, it's just that I would prefer to take advantage of the refresh rate that my monitor runs at. Other than that huge wall of technical infromation, the only cons I have, are on the bosses, and the difficulty of them depending on the character you choose. Some bosses may be extremely easy with Lilac, while that same boss can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥for Carol and Mila. It's not a huge issue, but just something that annoyed me a bit, and should be noted.Other than those things, this is the perfect sonic game. You need to own this title if you are a fan of either Sonic, or the Sega Genesis (or Megadrive), or even retro games in general."
,Recommended,248310,20650623,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,The Grand Wizard Bowsman,Dragon VS a ♥♥♥♥ton of random things and an alien overlord.Dragon wins. ♥♥♥♥ logic.Cat with motorcycle.Drives up ladders. ♥♥♥♥ logic.Dog.Shield power. ♥♥♥♥ logic.10.1/10
76561198215283633,Recommended,248310,20796166,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,AlmightyNPC,sonics finally back in form!... wait...
,Recommended,248310,21097378,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Spiral,"2Difficult5meoverall gd game mechanics and yes, good story line, keeps da player in suspense"
,Recommended,248310,21115387,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Boggle Crunch,dragon hentai/10would CYCLONE again
,Recommended,248310,21352011,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Schneididdly_14,Very fun platformer with interesting story. Would rate 9/10.
76561198287864532,Recommended,248310,21602794,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,SUPREME,Yo! this game is dope. Like its better than Sonic the hedghog. Has perfected the 32-bit graphic style is has a killer soundtrack!
,Recommended,248310,22054841,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,mr.saturn,Lol found this game looking at profile pictures. I bought it... Not bad. And no its not a rip off of sonic and full of bad oc`s. that wasnt sarcasm. Play it.
76561198172128275,Recommended,248310,22153567,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Luusey Puzzie,If you like sonic this is a no brainer
76561198131297097,Recommended,248310,22117968,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,SoulWhisperer67,"Do you love to play Sonic games? Do you love saving the world? Do you love games where you play as multiple characters, each with unique abilities? Do you love games that are story rich? Do you love games that have a great soundtrack? Especially when you are invincible? Then Freedom Planet is the perfect game for you. And it is NOT and should not be classified as a Sonic clone. You definitely don't want to know how long I will talk about how bad the recent Sonic games have been, being a Sonic fan. So less Sonic, more Freedom Planet is Amazing. Avalice, a world much like our own, is being threatend by Lord Brevon, who looks for nothing but conquest, and steals the Kingdom Stone, the planets fuel of energy. Without it, Avalice could experience it's doomsday. However, Lilac, a young Purple Dragon, once of the Red Scarves, an underground group of thieves and assassins, is DETERMINED(oh yes I did) to save the world from Brevon's evil clutches. Lilac can run very fast on foot with the help of her Dragon Boost. It's literally a speed boost. Another one of Liilac's abilites is Dragon Cyclone, or in the language of people who haven't played the game, Lilac's double jump in the form of a spin. Lilac won't be alone on her adventure however. Her best friend Carol, a Green Wildcat who was also once part of the Red Scarves. She is a master of combat, and attacks much quicker than Lilac can, except she can't keep up with Lilac on foot. That's why Carol kept her motorcycle that was from the Red Scarves base. Luckily for Carol, it's perfect for platforming, not to mention jumping on walls and riding them upwards.  A weird mix, wouldn't you agree? Now if I had to be an assassin, it would be to steal a motorcycle capable of literally saying,""**** you physics!"" Oh yes, the review. Ahem. Lilac and Carol are later joined by Torque, an alien disguised as a duck who has been fighting against Brevon for who knows how long, he swore under his captain's dying breath that he would defeat Brevon. And they later meet Milla, an energetic dog(I'm pretty sure she's a dog) who has been waiting for her parents to return home for a long time. That, or she was looking for them. She helped Carol from escaping the underground area of the Relic Maze. All threats unbearable are aimed at these new heroes, will they be brave enough to save the world? Play it for yourself! There are also lots of funny stuff hidden within the game, such as viewing hidden scenes of the actors messing around with each other. This 16 bit phenomenon has other loads of extras as well. For example, you can collect 10 cards in each stage and view concept art, listen to the soundtrack(LOVE IT!!!!), and listen to various dialouges of the characters in the game. I also love that there are so many achievements, specifically the ones that make you go on an easter egg hunt(oh wait, easter was a few days ago, coincidence? Lol). Some seem complicated when you mouse over them on the achievements menu, but once you figure out how to get them, you realize how you think you could've gotten that achievement without a walkthrough(yes I'm making fun of myself now). Nonetheless, this game makes it on to my list of games that are outright AWESOME. I can't wait for the sequel. GalaxyTrail, you have amazed me, do it again with Freedom Planet 2.TheoosCheezBuggazEpicPersonReviez 99/100."
76561198054272311,Recommended,248310,22170906,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,A2,"Honestly, I'm having a really fun time with this game. The animations are really smooth, the gameplay has a hint of Sonic and Mega Man in there. The levels are pretty fun. The music is outstanding. It also has a touch of humor, which I found very nice to watch the cutscenes, the voice acting isnt bad either. The difficulty is fairly swell, until the boss parts, which I am completely fine with, it brings more of a challenge, and a change of pace for the player. So far, I'm really digging this game. Overall, 8.5/10"
,Recommended,248310,13933973,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Floofie,"I really love this game, it brings back fond memories of playing games like Rocket Knight, Ristar and Sonic on the Sega Genesis/MegaDrive. The level designs are detailed, vibrant and beautiful. They're nicely sized, with various paths to explore, much like some of the levels in Sonic 3 and Knuckles. The soundtrack is amazing, sounding reminiscient of the games I mentioned early. All in all, it really brought a smile to my face to play this game. With two characters to play as in Adventure Mode, the games story, it'll offer two different perspectives. If you love the Genesis/MegaDrive Sonic games, you'll love this for sure~! Oh, and you can buy the awesome soundtrack too~!"
,Recommended,248310,20082568,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Ragna,"If we had this game 2 decades ago it would spare humanity of dozens of bad Sonic games.An instant classic , love it"
76561198077708925,Recommended,248310,20211018,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ernesew,"I have been alive for 23 years played many games and loved many games, I never thought a game like this would become my all time favorite game I have ever experienced. Levels are beautifully and very well crafted. Music is perfect, Charactors are more lovable then your favorite novel charactors. Game so fun you get lose track of time. Simple as that."
76561198107373383,Recommended,248310,20227348,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,💖 Lillian the foxie fwuff,"An amazing game that has potential to be an awesome series...this game gave me a challenge and at the same time gave me a story worth that challenge, i reccomend this game to anybody that loves story and gameplay over graphics and style"
,Recommended,248310,20222003,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Ry,"This game's pretty good!Pros:3 different charactersLong StoryHighly ReplayableCool character designsFast paced (sorta)The music is godlikeCons:Some of the writing is a little cheesy, as well as some of the voice acting.The game is usually fast paced, which is good, but some of the platforming sections are tedious.Some of the cutscenes made me cringe a little bitThis game is worth it.8/10"
,Recommended,248310,20247737,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,PolanTwaun,"Easily one of the best platformers I've ever played. Great soundtrack, an interesting story, fun characters, lots of enemies, great bosses, and awesome gameplay. I honestly can't think of anything else I'd want in a platformer that I didn't find in this game."
76561198051557207,Recommended,248310,23976603,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Zashalamel,"Here is what I can say about Freedom Planet so far. If you like the old Sega type platformers like Sonic or Gunstar Heroes, you will not be dissapointed in this title. Smooth controls , fluid battling and nice long stages that actualy flows nicely with the story. So if you are looking for a bit of platforming nostalga, or want to try your hand at oldschool platforming pick this one up. You will not regret it."
76561198171146837,Recommended,248310,23988454,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,evawdnuoScimotA,"I haven't finished game yet and I already think it is super awesome, it feels like Sonic and is very well made, the story is quite amusing too.Each character has a different ability, Lilac has her dash, Carol has her ability to climb walls and Milla can fly a bit.Very fun a must have if you liked early sonic games."
76561198060332091,Recommended,248310,23991393,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SilverWolf15,The best Sonic Game you will never  play! great game love the characters wile the story is ok hopfuly we will get a better on in Fredom Planet 2.buy this if you Love fast paced Sonic-ish games!
,Recommended,248310,24083700,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,TAKA,great game
76561198155553030,Recommended,248310,24159742,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Nivlek6000,"This is the best money I've ever spent. It reminds me of the old sonic from genisis. Great story and soundtrack, definitley worth picking up.The only thing I hate about this game is Milla's gameplay."
,Recommended,248310,24797018,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Silent~Death,"This game is fun, but I enjoyed it more when it awas called Sonic the Hedgehog."
76561198061675513,Recommended,248310,22420664,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Doctor Bones™,"I can't emphasise enough how brilliant this game is. No matter how much I say it, it will never be enough.This game is worth 14.99 USD. The soundtrack, visuals, story, and  even the controls feel perfect. The 4 (One of them requires beta to be turned on) playable characters as of this review, are fun. They all control interestingly and have good physics and flow to them. Simply talking about the game isn't enough justice.Get it. It's worth it. Sonic 3 and Gunstar Heroes child."
76561198050325822,Recommended,248310,21978453,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Fluttershy,"Amazing plot , amazing gameplay (sonic like gameplay) , amazing soundtrack's , amazing and cute artstyle . Pick it up it's worth it"
,Recommended,248310,22571181,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,萎縮,"they should put a label on this game that says ""warning: prolonged exposure to this game will make you a furry"""
,Recommended,248310,20895104,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Etchasketch,"Defintely worth the asking price.That said, the last boss is probably one of the cheapest scumbags in the history of final game bosses. 52 deaths later I feel so confused. Was it fun? Well, everything up until the final stage Final Dreadnaut 4 was.Look, if you loved old-school Sonic, you need this game. Just be prepared for a  major difficulty spike towards the end. Really looking forward to the sequel."
76561198146552562,Recommended,248310,20755950,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,LPRyan,Freedom planet is a game created by the group Gravity Trail the game is speed and platforming slimar to the sonic rush series where there's times where brawling happens the game has so much to offer for those that want to play a good 2d platformer it's also on the wii u for those who want to play the game on the couch do i recommed this game look down below to see that answer
,Recommended,248310,18085961,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Cure Lovely,Really awesome sonic clone game.Fun to play. Awesome boss battle music.Strong female protagonist with a heart of justice. Game has positive message about friendship.♥
,Recommended,248310,17425300,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,artworx2122,"I LOVE IT!!! Action packed, super fast gameplay but not too much... and sure. Sonic references here and there in the gameplay mechanics, but it's definitely it's own take on loops and speeed!"
76561198126207049,Recommended,248310,17884314,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,A COLL EEG,this is an amazing game some parts took a while for me to finish they were only bosses though but it was only 2 that i was stuck on but you can always turn the difficulty down to casual.  <------wow that was horribly written. but i do recomend this game and once youve finished the story there are still 2 more characters you can play as.
,Recommended,248310,17889710,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,TheGasMaster4381,"A gem of the modern age of platformers! I can't believe I just heard about this game recently, and I also can't believe that I am saying this being a huge Sonic fan, but it blows many of the blue blurs games out of the water, including the classic games. I am astonished at the amount of work put into this game. The story keep me interested throughout, and I have to say that Lord Brevon is a really good villain. I wanted nothing more to kick his can after all the scummy things he does. The soundtrack for this game is amazing! and that is an understatement, I don't think I have heard quite a quality soundtrack for a while. I am in love with the combat system because you can link so many attacks together. This game really challenges the player and I love that, some levels pit you against millions of enemies on screen during some of the latter levels. I really wish I could have been a part of the kickstarter campaign. If this company makes a sequal, I want to be a part of it!"
76561198023117872,Recommended,248310,14120695,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Dacoo,"At first glance it looked like Sonic.  I liked the old Sonic games growing up, but never felt they had much depth.  I had seen great reviews for it, but my first impression kept me away for a while.  Finally, I saw it on sale and decided to buy it.  I'm very glad I did.The core gameplay is like Sonic, but rather than spin jumping into enemies, you and they have actual attacks, making the fighting much more involved.  This makes for some great and chllenging boss fights.  The platforming is good and each character (there are three) plays very differently.  Each character has a different adventure, switching up the which levels they play and even giving them a few of their own.  Each characters adventure is much longer than a traditional Sonic,For replay value, there are (as mentioned before) multiple characters, multiple difficulty levels and time trials.Sonic is supposed to be so cool because he is fast, but later in his games, his speed and floaty controls are his downfall.  Tighter controls, better level design and much more variation launch this game far beyond the reach of Sonic, keeping exciting new levels and ideas coming constantly.  Sonic isn't the fastest thing alive anymore!"
,Recommended,248310,13812853,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Spankey McBigToe,"Finished the story mode as Lilac last night, and after spending the last good half a day wiping the 'excitement' stains off the walls and windows, let me tell you why you should get this game.If you like old skool 2D Sonic and want a modern version of that, you will ♥♥♥♥ing love this!If you've never played old skool 2D Sonic and wanna see what the fuss was all about, you will ♥♥♥♥ing love this!If you like things, you will ♥♥♥♥ing love this!The characters and dialogue are well done, very charming and actually funny in parts. The story is good too, still has that classic simple gotta save the world thing but without spoiling anything, it's not yo granmammys sonic-esque game! It has lots of replayability and you will need to play each stage several times to collect the hidden cards and don't even say you won't coz you know you have like 100 steam badges coz you love dat♥♥♥♥♥♥ The music is retro awesome but not chip music, its like Sonic CD music, just how sir likes it. The gameplay has a really nice balance between stage exploration and burning through as fast as you can. It's hard too, like I died 57 times on normal hard, but it never feels cheap or unbeatable. It just feels like the game goes 'Im a level boss so I'm gonna act like one now bend over!'In short, this is what 2D Sonichosfans like myself have been waiting for for years. Rest easy my bretheren, the rapture is here...."
76561198036858021,Recommended,248310,20606594,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Zeb the Dorumon,This game rocks! It feels like the classic gaming era teamed up with the modern gaming era and gave us this. Getting ready for Freedom Planet 2!
,Recommended,248310,20593001,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,MindfulOcean,"Freedom Planet is without question one of the best games on Steam.  Freedom Planet is the game Sonic fans have been wanting over two decades.  It easily beats all of the classic Sonic games combined in terms of style and enjoyment.  The game crashes occasionally and it can be a bit difficult at first to get a gamepad working (or at least it was for me), but those are my only complaints about the game.  The music is amazing, the characters are cool, the level design is excellent, and the story is exactly what it should be in terms of length and complexity.There are three playable characters, and you have a choice between just playing the levels in order or going through the story.  Each character controls very differently, and I can easily see myself eventually beating the game three times to experience everything (the levels are almost the same for each character, but the varied playstyle keeps things fresh).  A fourth character has been added to time attack and will eventually be playable regularly as well.Seriously, buy this game.  I wouldn't have felt cheated if I had paid $60 for this.  The only legitimate reason for skipping this game would be because you don't like platformers.  If you like platformers, even a little, buy this and be blown away.  If you played Sonic the Hedgehog growing up, buy this and weep for what the series should be and could have been in the modern age."
76561198143517109,Recommended,248310,19978774,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Slick as Heck,its about sonic ocs
,Recommended,248310,19977753,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Son Goku,Reminds me of Sonic the Hedgehog... but this is better <3
,Recommended,248310,20000375,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Renbot,"Bought this on a whim because I thought it'd be a neat little Sonic-like game to mess around with.Did not legitmately expect so much detail, care and quality to come out of an indie game like this.  The voice acting, animations, gameplay and ESPECIALLY the soundtrack are all superb.  Extremely suprised.Makes me feel like I'm 5 years old again/10.  Would highly recommend you pick this up."
,Recommended,248310,19967858,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Furnie,"This is an awesome, well-designed game that takes an original twist on the style of the retro Sonic games and expands upon it. Even being an original game with novel world, I get a sense of nostaliga out of it... Or maybe I'm confusing my sense of nostaliga with my sense of experiencing quality craftmanship. \_(^_^;)_/"
,Recommended,248310,19983659,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Goukipoo,"I picked this up when it was released for Linux over the summer adding it to my backlog... Today I had my nieces and nephews running around and wanted to load up something that I could play quickly. After the first level all of us were hooked with the little ones cheering me on to not give up and take down that ""Mean Brevan"" and everyone so excited for the story parts. Other then stopping to make dinner, and the occasional fight among siblings, we were glued to the TV all afternoon until we had beat it.What a surprise this was, certainly one of my  GOTY. My niece is now half way thru the game, and was jumping up and down when I told her that there is a squeal coming.It's truly one of the best 2D platformers ever made. (I played thru v1.20.4)"
76561198042850661,Recommended,248310,20011247,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Wiglink,"Not just a good Sonic game, Freedom Planet goes beyond being simply a superior evolution of it's inspiration."
76561198042743656,Recommended,248310,20027657,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Null Pointer Exception,"Very fun and the art style is absolutely beautiful. be ready for a challenge though even on easy some of the boses are pretty vicious, particualrly the last 2. that having been said it is nice to see a game that has some teeth, and I would highly recomend this one if you are into fast paced platforming and timing based combat. if you loved the original sonic and sonic 2 on the sega genisis you will love this."
76561198115674279,Recommended,248310,20331996,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Mecha Slayer Gaming,"Its a great game. sorry im lying there gotta be a whole new word for how well made it is. And this game has been a big inspiration for my book the Infernus Chronicles, although its still in the W.I.P stage. Keep up the... Amazabulous games. Sorry i was put on the spot amazabulous is the word for this game."
76561198119668516,Recommended,248310,20309665,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Fludd58,"I whole-heartedly recommend this game. It has a fantastic aesthetic and fun, challenging levels. The difficulty is quite steep considering the story appears to be aiming towards a fairly young audience, but there's also a nice casual mode for young kids who are struggling."
76561198046200389,Recommended,248310,17404033,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,bayonetta4life,"Great game which captures the retro sega genesis feel. Sometimes feels like sonic, sometimes feels like gunstar heroes, ALWAYS feels like a genesis game! Really, if you enjoy retro Sega games then you need to try this.My only gripe is that the levels feel too long at times. The classic Sonic games split the levels into two acts, and had checkpoints filled in between, which gives you a sense of relief. This game doesnt have either I believe, it's just a strait 12 minute shot to the finish. It gets tiring at times.That is a small pet-peeve though. This game shines amongst all of the filth that poisons the indie community. 8/10! Recommended."
76561198046944395,Recommended,248310,20313788,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,☯️Youkai Jesus☯,"I'll just put ooooone more ""a Sonic game that's better than Sonic"" review here aaaaaand leave you to buy the game."
76561198019095716,Recommended,248310,21865716,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Train the Dragon,"AWESOME!!This is something like what Sonic Team would make if they still cared about their mascot franchise, which doesn't seem to be the case anymore, if the quality of those games is to be anything to go by.  Freedom Planet may be my new favorite Indy game of those I've played, with Dust:  An Elysian Tail a very close second.The story, while very cliched and fillled to the brim with said cliches (such as a green starting area, an industrial area, and a final fortress leading up to the final boss, I do enjoy the love and care that was put into said cliches, and how they still feel fresh and new.The voice acting was definitely a highlight, but the gameplay is what sold me on it.  Now, I like the Sonic the Hedgehog series, but he hasn't been on solid ground for a while.  This is something that Sonic Team can definitely learn a thing or two from if they plan to keep the Blue Blur relevant.If you love fast-pace platforming action like what Sega used to have, then you have got to try this game.  I loved the characters, I loved the setting, I loved the themes, and I loved the story.  It had just the right balance of action, comedy, story, and most importantly, it was FUN!!Bottom line, if you love Sonic the Hedgehog, then you'll love this game, and even if you're not a fan of the Blue Blur, you should still check it out, because it's NOTHING like what Sonic has been lately."
,Recommended,248310,26936053,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PercivaL92,"I'm not great at long, detailed reviews, but I can say this about Freedom Planet:+Fun gameplay and enviroments.+Pleasant story/plot.+Adorable charactersI only wish there was more to the story, but still completely worth picking up in my opinion."
76561198044586446,Recommended,248310,26667854,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,EmperorZheng,Very Classic and Retro and plus is not the first time to see Female as the main hero wasn't it not :) ?the story and voice acting are good very 50/50 :)Leveling desging and yes there secert too in the levels just like those old Sonic games doesso by far i give 9 out of 10 :D Recommend to buy for those who are Retro gamer and yesthose who born into the late or early 90's games !
76561198083798924,Recommended,248310,26639662,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,DA1&OnlyFreedomFighter,"If you are a particular fan of the fast-paced platform video games in the '90s/16-bit era (especially Sonic the Hedgehog for the Genesis), you'll enjoy this."
76561198142051895,Recommended,248310,26862643,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The X-Factor,"Freedom Planet has amazing level design with great music and fun characters. It doesn't exactly hit me the same way Classic Sonic games do but it still is a lot of fun to play.But my biggest complaint about this game is its story. The story is the most cringy and badly paced story I've ever seen! I'd rather play Shadow the Hedgehog then go through Freedom Planet's story. Thanfully, there is an option to go without it.If I would rate the gameplay it would be a 9.5/10. But the plot is a dissapointing 1.5/10.So If you're a big fan of fast paced, platformers this is your game. And even if you're not, you'll still find some enjoyment"
,Recommended,248310,26902089,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jsttu,"A quality platformer with interesting characters and a cute aesthetic. While it takes heavy inspiration from its sonic fangame origins, it has made itself distinct with excellent controls, variety of gameplay experiences with each character, and a story that is somewhat mediocre, but still entertaining (with cute and amusing animations) Add in that it has several gameplay modes for campaign, timeattack, and more, and you got yourself a winner."
,Recommended,248310,26923522,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ZimmyG,This game feels like what would have happened if sega let Treasure make Sonic 4 on the Genesis/Mega Drive.
,Recommended,248310,26786515,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Viliger,"It's like Sonic, only instead of blue hedgehog you get purple dragon, and instead of sorrow and regret you get Treasure/Sega/Capcom mash-up."
,Recommended,248310,27025040,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cirno Whiterock,"It took us over twenty years to get a true sequal to Sonic 3 and Knuckles, and no, it wan't that god awful Sonic 4 either.Admittedly this game isn't a true Sonic game as it mixes in elements from other genesis classics like Gunstar Heroes, but if your a fan of those 16-bit platformers this is a must purchase."
76561198047144264,Recommended,248310,30863200,Posted: 31 March,all,Durgarnkuld,"Good throwback to good old Sonic, cheapened by projectiles that never vanish and kill you therefor with no chance of escape. Happens quite too often. Also, no i frames. You can literally die in a singel attack from full health because of that.Could have been a great game. Sadly just good."
,Recommended,248310,28104518,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,MeleeCyrus,"Freedom Planet is one of the best games I've ever played. It's very challenging, but fair, and I loved the characters and story a LOT. Like, I'm the type of person who normally gets very upset when I die in a game, but, like, I wanted to save the characters so badly that I refused to give up - I just used each death (and there were many of them) as a learning opportunity to get better. And when I finally did it, when I finally beat a boss or the game, I just felt so good about myself and what I overcame. And, like, I just wouldn't be willing to do all that if it weren't for the characters. The game actually made me care about it, which is probably the biggest compliment I could ever give a game. I highly recommend it! <3Pros:- Challenging but fair (and rewarding!) gameplay- Forgiving death mechanics (you basically have infinite lives, and you typically respawn close to where you died)- Emotional music- Engaging characters and story- Surprisingly good voice acting (it felt like I was watching a cartoon, not a game)- High replay valueCons:- Difficulty ramps up a little too much the last few levels- No way to easily change difficulty mid-gameNote to parents:I think Freedom Planet is an excellent game for children to play, but please be aware that it can be very difficult (even on normal mode) at times. Ask your child how they're doing in the game, and if you think they're struggling and if you don't think they handle stress very well, consider having them lower the difficulty. I think the game is very rewarding, still, on the lower difficulties, and lowering the difficulty could possibly avoid any unfortunate incidents involving flying controllers and swear words."
76561198065367910,Recommended,248310,28451678,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Nemo Curat,Great gameplay.Great level design.Great visuals.Great soundtrack.Great fun.I really have no other way to put it.
76561198055182427,Recommended,248310,28458357,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,CamronGamer,This is a gret game for platformer fans with at time of writing this 3 playable character each with their own personality and a good story to boot and I talked with the developer and the sequal has a pretty good chance to coming to 3ds for anyone that has one.
76561198010963756,Recommended,248310,28172576,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,smoochykat,"Gonna be honest, this is one of the hardest games I've ever played. The first half is fine, but the last section is a total Nightmare on hard mode. But, that's not a bad thing. Lots of games nowadays try to ease players into EVERYTHING, and are super easy. even when trying to be hard. This game is just straight up brutal Easy Mode and up. The final boss has a move that can pretty much eat up half your health leaves. As one character it's pretty much an insta-kill. It's a great game, why are you still reading this? Buy it. Play it. It's worth it. Carol is the best character to play as. Just a tip for ya. :3"
,Recommended,248310,18366227,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,CamPizza,"Okay yes, it's an obvious Sonic The Hedgehog Clone. But in all seriousness... so what if it is? What matters is that this is a fun game!It pays many respects to the classic-style era of 16bit style platformers. If you grew up with the Genesis era of Sonic games, this game will be easy to pick up and learn. It's fast-paced with wicked designed characters and is easy to get sucked into. I can see the designers have good lots of effort with making this. And I'm now hoping they'll make more.""But it's a rip-off of Sonic the hed-""who cares? It's a good game.Play it if you haven't already. :)"
76561198131243364,Recommended,248310,28337715,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,JayZee98,"This game does a fantastic job of replicating what games were like in the early to mid 1990s. The gameplay is great, the music is great, and the graphics are great. The characters are filled with tons of personality, and you can feel the struggle that they go through in the game's story. Speaking of which, the story is probably the weakest part of the game. Which I think it could be intentional considering that games in the 90s were known for not going deep into plot.Gameplay-wise, it pays homage to such classics like Sonic the Hedgehog, Gunstar Heroes, and most notably the Megaman series. In my opinion, it's awesome that they included all of those neat features which prevents the game from becoming just a high speed platformer. The game controls very smoothly, and each character gives the game variety.Now as I said before, the story could've used a bit more work. But aside from that, the characters and conflict are what make it stand out. The voice acting is very top-notch, especially Brevon's voice actor. They each sound wonderful, and they do a great job making the characters personalities very intriguing. Each event in the story goes from being funny and like-hearted, to being dark and edgy. At times I forget that I'm playing a game, rather then I'm watching a Saturday Morning Cartoon of all things.Kudos to the voice cast and developers who created and contributed to this awesome platformer. I hope the likes of Freedom Planet 2 can top what this game accomplished. I'd recommend this game to anyone who wants to feel nostalgic, or anyone who is a major Sonic fan wanting to branch out."
76561198053547790,Recommended,248310,28275825,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,tarider,"Basically, it's Sonic when he was in good games. The trouble is, there's a certain point where the game gets hard enough to slow you down, and this is a game where you really want to go fast. Still, it's fun, and that's what we really want from games, right?"
76561198138936799,Recommended,248310,28281218,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,djumbreon,"One of the best refershers of 2D platforming you'll play.Freedom planet takes alot of the speedrunning aspects of old school platforming, and mashes it up with a detailed story thats surpringly a rare sight for 2D platformers. As though to give some variety, the game goes with a sega genesis art style over the super nintendo art style found in other popular indie games. Characters even have their own flair, with some variety in levels and boss fights, the boss fights themselves are challenging for the first few attempts with each character, but after learning their patterns they fall very quickly. The sound track is worth the time it takes to jam towards, and at the end of the day its a fun platformer that'll keep you busy for awhile.10/10"
,Recommended,248310,28140154,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Matuzu,"Still waiting the ""& Knuckles"" DLC"
76561198051286863,Recommended,248310,28010623,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Six Feet Below,just like sonic but without all the bad
76561198350187392,Recommended,248310,28222509,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,ldoc2004,yust amazing
,Recommended,248310,30781288,Posted: 27 March,all,joseph,Dis. VERY GUD
,Recommended,248310,30774608,Posted: 27 March,all,CthulhuChan,"I've yet to see a Sonic style game... or any platformer for that matter, that has impressed me as much as Freedom Planet has.This game is truly something special, I didn't think much of it when I first saw it but the more I found myself craving something akin to Sonic the Hedgehog 2, the more I wanted to give this a shot.What did I find within this game that made me think it so special?Let's begin:Story:The story is actually kind of decent, or at the very least I don't mind it being there. The game has voice acted cutscenes and the voice work is pretty nice and fits the mood of the characters, though Milla gets the helium voice acting scene a little too well. The story can be entirely bypassed too so it isn't a total obstruction... although not doing the story makes it seem like you are just going from place to place because video game.Music:This game has a soundtrack that just oozes with goodness. The third level ""Fortune Night"" in particular has a theme that is just ear melting. The explosions from destroying bosses are also spectacularly satisfying. I have no complaints here.Gameplay:This game has a sonic style of game play, and that is quite fine. It takes all of the best parts of Sonic 2 and 3 and blends them with an attack button and a focus on both platforming and action. I'll admit that this game can get soulcrushing with its difficulty, this being very noticable during boss battles where tiny mistakes can get you obliterated instantly. The game has three playable characters, Lilica, Carol, and Milla. Each character has a unique focus and playstyle.Lilac is very traditional platforming and is the one to go with if you are new. She has a boost technique and a brutal double jump attack so she is able to keep punishment on enemies with a fair amount of ease.Carol is liken to playing as a ninja of sorts. She trades a traditional double jump for a wall jump and has a high focus on just being a fast attacker. She can get a bike that adds to her moveset quite well and the sense of speed with her is very high.Milla is my personal favorite despite her many problems. Milla has very low health, but her attacks are really useful during boss battles. She uses a shield that can be fired like a beam, and the shield can reflect boss attacks back at them so ranged bosses can be cheesed to hell by her. She also has a flutter jump that makes platforming a joke for her. Just remember that she has the health of a wet napkin. Getting hit as her is PAINFUL and it can totally render you moot.Boss battles are frantic and never stop moving. Battles aren't very slow and its a dance between who even has control during the fight. My personal favorite boss being the one in Fortune Night because of the constant feeling of speed.That's really one of this games biggest pros, its speed. You feel like a badass when you clear a stage lightning fast because this game rarely has roadblocks preventing you from charging forward at the speed of sound.This game is a special sort of gem, and as such it gets a 9.5/10 from me."
,Recommended,248310,20437098,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Evill Bob,"Whereas Shovel Knight was a love letter to the 8-bit NES Freedom Planet is a criminally underrated love letter to the 16-bit Sega Genesis. If you grew up in the 16-bit era or love platformers this is a must buy. Seriously, buy this game. Do it.Fluff wise the game is VERY cute, the entire cast is nothing but adorable little anthropomorphic characters(so take that as you will)but the game isn't afraid of being a little edgy. However this isn't cringe worthy ""brooding hedgehog with a gun"" levels but more of a ""Saturday morning cartoon that isn't afraid to test what can get past the sensors"" and it makes sense. During Adventure mode you'll experience a lovely blend of game play and plot with characters that fit very well into the universe that GalaxyTrail has created.Crunch wise this game is extremely solid with three characters that have drastically different game play that allows each level (and boss) to be approached in a unique way. Music is catchy and memorable and the graphics are great (for 16-bit). And it's good they made sure that this is a mechanically great game as one of the two modes, Classic Mode, skips all the dialog and cut scenes in favor of pure game play.Be warned, I'm pretty certain that they recorded their fursona... er... CHARACTER dialog in their bedrooms."
,Recommended,248310,22347313,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Inkajoo,"Gyatta go FYASHT!!!!Seriously though,This game is a clone of Sonic, but it fixes pretty much everything wrong with it gameplay-wise.  It's hokey and ANIMU as hell, with not a drop of shame, and the voice acting makes my ears bleed, but what it lacks in testosterone it makes up for by being really, REALLY well done.  It's fun, and that's what matters.  A lesson in good game design."
,Recommended,248310,22552319,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Regulartae,you'll enjoy this fast speed gameplay using 3 unique characters I highly recommend it. Voice Acting good as well along with the story so give a try.
76561198014230044,Recommended,248310,20591795,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,dokcud,"I'll be honest with you, I expected there to be tentacles."
,Recommended,248310,22329961,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Daniel™,"Pros : 10/10 graphics for their styleFlawless gameplayHigh replay valueBeating every single stage is rewarding, especially bosses.Enjoyable soundtrackEvery single stage has alot of different routes and places you've never seenCons : No freedom Planet 2Wish i could've seen a little bit more on the screen.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Definitely pre-ordering Freedom Planet 2 if it comes outBest platformer i've played in years, as a sonic and a mario fan i have to say this, it makes them both look a bit overrated.don't let the looks of the screenshoots fool you, this isn't furry, this is an amazing platformer, graphics are amazing and every pc nowadays can run this."
76561198237727630,Recommended,248310,17192245,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Psychic Pictures,"Freedom Planet is a fun game, but unfortunately glitches the entire level starting with level 4 but the problems are glaring in levels 6 onward where the levels become unplayable because of the glitched world.  If there would be a patch to fix these issues that would be really great. Other than the levels becoming glitched up with the textures, Freedom Planet is a fun time that any Sonic the Hedgehog fan will love.  The story is also well done.  Hoping to see Freedom Planet 2!  Hopefully without as many technical hicups."
,Recommended,248310,24142281,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,KNUCKLES THE ENCHILADA,"It feels like the high speed platform Sonic should've been, with elements mixed in from other games to make it one of my all time favorite platformer games"
,Recommended,248310,24266847,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Fontaine,Back in 2010 I thought there wasn't any hope left in reviving classic Sonic or Rocket Knight Adventures. And now I found a game that did both and more. There is so much love put into this game that I'm amazed it took me this long to find out about it. Can't wait for the sequel.
76561198075503554,Recommended,248310,28587631,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,alecmbass,"Great game.. music, graphics, gameplay, plot. I recommend it!!"
,Recommended,248310,28597305,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,izzydorton,"Brought back so many memories from sonic games, while also bringing in a lot of new things. The voice acting may not have been the greatest at times, but it was still a great game."
,Recommended,248310,14299229,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Lupinzar,"If Sonic Team and Treasure met in a seedy hotel for a one-night stand, this game would be the resulting love child."
,Recommended,248310,15039319,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Mr_kitty_kat13,"10/10, Like Sonic but good :)"
76561198084602331,Recommended,248310,14240614,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,sweatyhandjuices,BETTER THAN ANY SONIC GAME!
,Recommended,248310,29437119,Posted: 22 January,all,Swaggasaurus_Rex,"Reminds me of the Golden years of StH3+Knuckles. Definelty is an original game with story, but you can see a lot of inspiration from the 90s Sonic titles. The voice acting at times seems a little over the top, but I feel that's the charm of this title.The stages were satisfying and the boss battles (on hard mode) presented a challenge that games today fail to acheive. I feel as though some developers try to cater to the more casual gamers, and can leave those seeking a challenge, running on auto-pilot though a lot of games. Not Freedom Planet. There was one boss towards the end of the game I spent 75 minutes trying to beat, after a 4 hour session, I was pretty exhausted, mind you this is soley on hard mode.Bottom line, if you're looking for a solid retro title (though FP is not retro) but feel like you have played them all, get this game!"
76561198062312690,Recommended,248310,24682433,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,adzndime,A hark back to the sonic and rocket knight era.Very cool!
76561198136552353,Recommended,248310,29540555,Posted: 28 January,all,Toasted,"This game is what sonic mania will be (hopefully) It's got 3 completely different ways to play depending on what character you choose which compels you to complete the game with each character. Each character (Lilac, Carol and Milla) is a new challenge some easier than others. Carols story is the easiest then lilac and the hardest is Milla. The game looks pretty good and never drops in frame rate.The music is also amazing.Story is nothing special but it's good enough to the point you won't skip the cutscenes. There's also a lot of collectables so you will be playing this game for a while. Also sometimes this game will also destroy you with some of the bosses that have unpredictable patterns that you have toRemember which will cost you a lot of lives.Basically if your a sonic fan pick it up if your not try the demo."
76561198168669601,Recommended,248310,29538733,Posted: 28 January,all,ahasemore,"A nice, fast-paced game which is a great joy to play. Great music combined with gameplay that is fast but encouranges you not to rush is a good balance just feels really good. The voice acting isn't great, but it's better than the voice acting of some of the licensed games that it's based on, so it still gets a pass especially considering this is an indie game.However, as I said before, you will need a bit of patience for this game, especially for the bosses. If you get angry and frustrated without trying to learn from your failures, you're probably not gonna enjoy this unless you can keep calm or you enjoy a good challenge. There's no real penalty for dying except for the points of a stage, so just keep in mind that's it's not a big deal if you die a few times.It gets a 9/10 from me. 10/10 as far as indie games go."
,Recommended,248310,29306613,Posted: 16 January,all,CoolBro,it cooo
76561198036866668,Recommended,248310,29370436,Posted: 19 January,all,[GFC-club] M@R!O,"10/10, better than sonic in every possible way"
,Recommended,248310,28763213,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Tockeshop,All things Sonic improved...A lot of love went into this game and it shows
76561198331161077,Recommended,248310,28915211,Posted: 1 January,all,Bash,"When I first saw a review of this game from YouTube, I was immediately curious. When I started playing it, I became addicted.  The only bad thing I can say is the voice acting at times, which is Great! Maybe it's a sound issue with my rig but on character sounds quieter than the other.  Other than that here's the Pros:Soinic like feel to it, but smooth.Awesome sound track.Story has me drawn in.Character selection adds replay value.You don't need a powerful cpu or graphics card to run this, despite me having one.I just overall love this. And I recent heard there's a sequel coming. 😆"
76561198340369654,Recommended,248310,32730564,Posted: 24 June,all,zebrac,"Amazing game! Soundtrack is great.Likes:Gameplay-plays like Sonic and Mega man X combinedChacaters-Lilac and Carol awesomeSoundtrack-great musicNO TOUCH DAMAGE!DislikesCarol's gameplay- while carol is fun, she is hard to defeat bosses withCan't wait for the sequel!"
76561198094089287,Recommended,248310,32652361,Posted: 22 June,all,weevil2site5,"If you are a fan of the original sanic games or just want a fast paced platformer with nice visuals and an average plot, this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,248310,32658318,Posted: 22 June,all,Steven,"Freedom Planet is greater than the sum of its parts. It has poopy Sonic OC character design, which are in some depictions appealing and in others appalling; music which sounds vaguely unsatisfying outside of the game, and a pointless, decorative life system; but when you play it, player control is pristine, the music compliments the visual aspect perfectly, and the interaction between the player and the game make it an experience I keep coming back to. It’s short, succinct, and it’s the [small explosion] bee’s knees! Let’s boot it up, ladies and gentlemen.Let’s see, this game’s story does not exist, there is no story to be found here; this is a story about running fast and kicking robots. Let’s see, green thing and this thing are decent, but Lilac has so many more movement options for invincibility, speed, and height that her game is the only canon.Built upon the groundwork of running, jumping, and attacking lies a myriad of utilities and skills such as the dragon boost, which provides a burst of speed in one of six directions, a cyclone double jump which doubles as damage, a drop kick for quick descents, an uppercut, and a crouching kick. Where the green cat requires a wall or an environmental object to ascend, the purple one has two different ways to do it herself, and multiple angles and variations of these moves for maximum movement options. Where Milla cannot gain speed easily on her own, Lilac has, again, dragon boost; it’s simply the best move. But Lilac doesn’t stop there! She has a few secret abilities and exploits to give her even more of an edge. Her cyclone uses up boost energy but can be canceled at any time with a kick or a drop kick for more frequent boosts as well as a higher damage output. Drop kicking onto a decline just right gives her instant max speed. The dragon boost has a slight delay, during which the player can slide slightly for course correction, or they’ll freeze in midair. The cyclone ability, used with the momentum of a spring, gives crazy height! Lilac’s basic kick is her highest base damage output, and it does not affect nor is affected by her speed or position at all! The dragon boost grants a brief invincibility period, allowing for defensive tactics. There’s a secret super uppercut by pressing jump and attack together while holding Up which gives extra height from the ground and can be chained with the dragon boost or a cyclone to soar over most obstacles. What can Carol do?Actually, Carol’s list of movement tech exceeds the length of Lilac’s. The problem is that Carol’s moves are more situational and particular, and they require more extensive routing to really get the most of. Milla’s speedrun time is shorter than both of the other girls, but due to her limited ability and place in the plot, she gets to skip a few sections. Her big block blast boosts her high and far, but it’s difficult to consistently perform. Lilac’s main exploits, cyclone cancelling and spring cycloning are so easy to do that they become second nature and legitimate additions to her moveset. Her cyclone plus cyclone cancel gives her a surprising amount of dodge potential during boss fights which I feel strangely lacking with Carol. When I suddenly have to commit to my jumps again, I seem to get caught in enemy attack patterns more often. Greencat gets invincibility when she Chun Li kicks, but that depletes meter real fast, and what do you do then, brother? With the tornado dragon I effortlessly float above most attacks. It’s surprising how much evasion Lilac gets with a simple cancellable hover. Lilac’s moveset makes her a forgiving, responsive, and overall able- bodied character to play.As an additional personal preference, Lilac is the only playable character in the game whose few voice lines aren’t insufferable. While Lilac’s [woo- hoo! Yeah!] is a fine delivery, and the literal meaning is sparingly light, greencat’s [Feel my power!] makes me cringe, and [Yay! That was fun!] lacks a certain charm both conceptually and in practice. Of the three character designs, Lilac’s has the fewest inhibitions to rooting for, where Carol has an edgy biker vibe, and Milla is a cutesy anime girl, Lilac is a strong, independent woman who don’t need no man.  She’s the straight- faced hero, and she kicks robots! in! The! Face!Number 2: Game Feel.The sound for jumping is this subtle, satisfying, [ch- kik], which gives a sense of weight and presence in the world, but it also conveys these characters as lightweight and nimble due to the light, short nature of the sound. The fact that Lilac can’t hit top speed without a hill and gravity, a spring, or a dragon boost, makes speed something which is not only earned, but used purposely. Air resistance slowing ungrounded players down, feels right. When one blasts at top speed and launches into the air, and the air fights back, that is an interaction between the player and the stratosphere, and it adds “life” to the experience! Due to their speed and intensity, boss fights can feel as fast and wind- breaking as running! All the basic moves and collecting gems all feels alright. The dragon boost sound effect is distinctly sparkly, a bit feminine, but definitely a powerful and satisfying effect. The way certain moves hit for “clicks” of damage per second instead of hitting once makes the game feel more real- time and action packed, and the fact that enemies can occasionally do this to you, sometimes hitting even faster, evokes intensity and stakes. Enemies don’t damage on impact, which, on top of being a treasure of a convenience, transforms them in the player’s eyes from some speedbump obstacle to a living being worthy of consideration and evasion. The very basics, the liquid formula of interaction in this game is well- produced and well cooked.Let’s put that cash movement system, and put it in a world. When I think about smart 2D platformer design, I think of environmental tutorials and challenge in games such as Super Metroid and Shovel Knight. Freedom Planet uses natural teaching tools sometimes, but the world is so open and the player’s move set is so versatile, that “guidance” does not feel like the game’s top priority. Freedom Planet is an A+ simply for not forcing the player to stand on a slow- moving platform, waiting for it to strut to another slow- moving platform, and jumping between the two. Fast gameplay, right? The levels are designed to be run through, filled with slopes, springs, and loops, roller- coaster type things. And fun to run through it is. Freedom Planet is filled with moments and arrangements which make the game feel alive and free. Often bosses will bully the player throughout the level before throwing down, escalating tension and creating a grudge match to clash and climax against. Once the clash finishes, an instantaneous act transition occurs, and the music and the environment give the player a breather, a falling action, before doing it all over again. This is a perfect distillation of basic action movie pacing, and I drink it right up.[I’m talking about Fortune Night ziplines, running from boulders, knocking down the boulder, riding the weee platforms in Dreadnaught 1, etc.]Exciting, interesting, fun moments pepper this game at an even and pleasant pace. Moments such as skipping the block switch in Dragon Valley makes the player feel clever and tricky. Running from a giant boulder, here. Unlocking the secrets in Relic Maze in order to open up a temple, only to have its legendary gem stolen right in front of you! The running and jumping becomes less mindless with little contexts surrounding the adventure, and they are everywhere, whether scripted or environmental. These “cutscenes” are short and punchy, quickly careening the player back into the game before impatience sets in. Just long enough to establish context and no more. It also helps that most gimmicky set pieces in the game send players up and to the right, which is where they want to go anyway"
,Recommended,248310,32909094,Posted: 27 June,all,pluto,The Sonic Team should be taking notes.
,Not Recommended,248310,32843338,Posted: 26 June,all,Fluffy Velociraptor,"Sorry, it almost had me, but it was just a little too far off the formula, though that may be a plus for you.The combat system just doesn't mesh well with the movement, forcing you to stop and mash a button a few times to kill something before proceeding. Soundtrack was pretty good, voice acting was ok-ish, though I'm not sure a story mode fits this sort of game."
,Recommended,248310,32505498,Posted: 17 June,all,Deaded Patato,Are you a sonic fan? Can you not wait for mania or forces well my friend this game is what you should be playing. I 100% recommend this game to you. It is a amazing game with time put into it. I truly cannot wait for 2 to come out. But my only problem with it is that well the voice acting is terrible But you can turn it of in settings so there really isn't much to say about it. It's really good and I would recommend. One last thing to say. If don't believe me and the hundreds of others who say it's a great game just play the demo. I haven't but it should give u a nice taste of the game.
76561198068486445,Recommended,248310,32954293,Posted: 28 June,all,RoflWaffle,"plesently suprised. Boss battles felt like trial and error somtimes, however the rest of the game was amazing, totally did not expect it to be this good!"
,Recommended,248310,28738975,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,HYPER ONE,"It's basically the old Genesis style Sonic the Hedgehog games but with all female leads, incredible boss fight mechanics, amazing music, and a surprisingly long and sometimes dark story mode.  If you're a fan of rolling around at the speed of sound, I'd say give it a go!"
76561197969379991,Recommended,248310,29070165,Posted: 6 January,all,Grandmaster of Pwn,Best Sonic game in 5 years and one of the best platformers on steam
,Recommended,248310,29072507,Posted: 6 January,all,Mazed Mouse,"This honestly a fun side scrolling romp from beginning to end. Sure it has a few rough edges, such as the story and to a lesser extend the characters, but the gameplay completely makes up for any of that.You want a bit of a challenge to your old school sonic games? Then buy this immediately!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=utTgrfviWHk"
76561198079427962,Recommended,248310,29067167,Posted: 6 January,all,yukataRED,"There's not much to say about this game that hasn't been said. Great gameplay, fun characters, gorgeous music that will give you Genesis-era feels, and legendary boss fights. 3 different character play styles add a great element of replay. Level design is top notch and feels organic and unique, the way classic platformers always used to. ""Fortune Night"" might be my favorite level in any 2D side-scrolling platformer ever...music + visuals + gameplay come together perfectly there. This is my first review on Steam, and I figured there was no better game to do it for. PLAY IT.Also 10 / 10 corny jokes and sinister laughter."
,Recommended,248310,28890091,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Fox McCloud,It's as good as Sonic 3 and Knuckles.
,Recommended,248310,28914361,Posted: 1 January,all,Beibin,"Beautiful, fluidly animated 2D spritework and really good voice acting and music. Lovely setting that is remarkably consistent and well designed. This game is a living thing, full of personality. Some of the most epic and challenging boss encounters I've ever faced and I don't mean that in a cheap way. Many characters; replayable.It's been years since I played a game this good. Those who played classics such as Sonic, Sparkster and Gunstar Heroes back in the day will feel right at home."
76561198142011295,Recommended,248310,29053522,Posted: 5 January,all,Zinico,"I could not be happier with this game. This was a love letter written by fans straight to my favorite game series. Tight gameplay, fun set pieces, unique characters, pretty levels, and the most telling sign, amazing sound track. My only complaint is the story and how it's told. It's a little shotgun-y in how it handles itself, condencing a lot of, for lack of a better term, ""lore babble"" into slightly meaningless cutscenes. And the chracters are very token. You can tell who is who off of first impression. Another sticking point is some of the level and boss designs. There are moments where there are competing obsticals, where an enemy placement is counter to gameplay rather than a challenge, and some of them, especially the last four stages, it's purely chaos with little survival beyond gunning it and hoping for the best.Ultimately, though, this is an amazing game that deserves to be played. I look forward to playing and supporting whatever comes next."
,Recommended,248310,28849934,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Fravit,Best Sonic game I've ever played.
76561198120509479,Recommended,248310,28826088,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Speed King,"This game is a million times better than any of the recent Sonic games.Freedom Planet is what Sonic should have been in the last few years. FUN!Great gameplay, great visuals, fantasic soundtrack, good story. Honesty, what else can I say that everyone else has already said? It's just a great game. That's all."
,Recommended,248310,28822262,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ElectricShock27,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I love this game, trust me its worth its price :)"
76561198025931900,Recommended,248310,29600271,Posted: 30 January,all,Pizzagoat,Chinese knock-off
,Recommended,248310,31024714,Posted: 8 April,all,GrandTouring3,"Probably one of my favorite 2D games ever.The story is incredibly intriguing, and it keeps you on your toes, despite me feeling like it drags on too long at times. The visuals are some of the most colorful I've seen in a 2D game. The gameplay is smooth and fast, and because of that, it's very fun to play.Would definitely recommend to everyone.(Side note: This game is HARD. The inexperienced will have a lot of trouble with this.)"
,Recommended,248310,30084526,Posted: 21 February,all,WolandPL,"I have something to confess - I did not believe that this game can be good. I heared about Freedom Planet multiple times, people were constantly telling me ""You like that Sonic the Hedgehog games, so give this one a shot, it's amazing"" and I was like ""Yeah, maybe later..."", always thinking that it's 'only' a fan game and because of that it is not worth my time.You people have no idea how wrong I was, and I hope Galaxy Trail can forgive me for being an ignorant idiot for so many years. Let's just say that I payed full 15 euro for this game and I feel like a miserable thief.This game literally radiates with love, passion and paying attention to little details. It also mixes up mechanics not only from classic Sonic games, but also Megaman and Gunstar Heroes and somehow manages to achieve the impossible: all of those elements work together perfectly, making Freedom Planet surprisingly unique. This game really knows what it wants to be - it isn't trying to be different at any cost, it isn't trying to change the whole industry; instead it celebrates what we already know and love and makes sure that it's above all else just fun to play.Freedom Planet also has a story, and... How do I put this... It's a guilty pleasure for me. I will never say that it is a miracle and revelation, but I will defend it to death from people who think that it's total garbage. Yes, it has some problems (probably the biggest complaint is that it tries to balance very gruesome and dark elements with very light-hearted moments, and I really respect Galaxy Trail for trying - I think they are on the right track for this kind of game - but it balances it rather poorly, because it often jumps from one extremity to another). But in the end I cared about the characters and really wanted them to succed. For me that's just enough to enjoy it.Voice acting is... inconsistant, but honestly - there's only so much you can do with low budget and home equipment, and I seriously think there are many hidden talents in the cast. Why? Several reasons - for example: characters (especially three main heroines) sound surprisingly genuine, which makes them memorable and likeable even though they are kids (and we all know that kids in movies and video games can be REALLY annoying, so I think it is some kind of achievement). The main antagonist sounds awesome. And when I listen to the dialogue in this game, I really feel like if those people had professional studio and a person with many more years of experience that could give them direction, they all would sound much, MUCH better. Sometimes you just know... but it's kinda hard to explain.However it is worth mentioning that when you start a new game, you can choose between adventure mode and classic mode, so if you don't agree with me and think that story and voices are terrible or you just don't care about the story in any game, you choose classic mode, so you can go from stage to stage with no cutscenes.Don't fall in the same trap like I did - this is NOT a weak Sonic clone. It is a really fun experience from beginning to end and I will be going back to Freedom Planet for years. If you have 15 euro and you want to have a good time - you buy Freedom Planet. Show Galaxy Trail some love and let them know that we want to see more of this.Oh, and the soundtrack of this game is amazing.(Feel free to tell me if I made mistakes in this review, still learning english)"
76561198008304351,Recommended,248310,29911880,Posted: 13 February,all,poobearies,"I've never written a review before, but this game is so good that I just started crying. It has crazy replay value and an amazing story, controls perfectly - and just the first hour or so is worth the small price tag. It's like Sonic had a baby with a really hot chick way out of his league and this game happened - I don't even want to compare this game to Sonic the Hedgehog, because it's so much different and so better, but there are some very clear influences and it brings me back in a way that those old games never could. The voice acting is cool and funny - it has multiple difficulty modes and game modes - unlockable characters to play with aside from the two starting ones. If I had played this game as a kid instead of those oldschool games I loved, I probably would have peed and pooped my pants so many times while crying like a little girl - since I'm doing some of that now at the age of 29, Just buy the stupid game already.16/10 Would pee and poop my pants while crying like a little girl all over again!!"
76561198202552699,Recommended,248310,27579277,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The Gaming Lilac,"Freedom Planet is quite an interesting game. It's a homage to the classic Sonic The Hedgehog games, but with a mix of MegaMan X gameplay. And with the sequel coming soon, I might as well review my current favorite game.Pros:-Great stage design-Great character design (Lilac is my favorite!)-Achivements for speed running-(Although many people will disagree with me, I believe this game has a) Great storyline-You don't die by touching an enemy, they have to be attacking you to inflict damage and the same goes for you-Plenty of Steam Badges-Collect cards to unlock music and concept artCons:-Your first time playing will be really hard when fighting bosses-Soundtrack is paid DLCI totally recommend this game for anyone who wants to play a game that is better than many AAA games in the market. And I also recommend trying out the demo for the upcoming sequel, which is going to be way better with redesigned characters and stages, a new awesome soundtrack, and new characters in order to make Freedom Planet its own epic series."
,Recommended,248310,29663944,Posted: 2 February,all,Not_Hunter,"It's what you thought Sonic was like, until you go back and play old sonic and realize just how much better this is. Give this people your money already."
,Recommended,248310,29785237,Posted: 8 February,all,Sonic_RocketPotatoL62,"Pros :-Great fast paced gameplay-Characters play very differently-The soundtrack is fantastic-visuals are pleasant to the eyeCons:-This game borrows a fair lot from the sonic franchise-Voice acting is sometimes mediocre/unnescessary-lives are completely pointlessThis game is great, I definitely reccomend this to anyone who liked the classic sonic games."
76561198030436284,Recommended,248310,18026179,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Yui-Senpai~,"This game was freaking amazing. I highly reccomend it to anyone who enjoys platformers. I just recently finished my first playthrough and I must say, this is probably one of my favorite platformers, and I've played a lot of them."
76561198003106148,Recommended,248310,31024435,Posted: 8 April,all,Shoot Gunfinity,"Truly amazing high octane dynamic platformer.It has those organic levels that I love with crossing paths and dynamic elements,where you can gain speed and get higher in the air, get to some higher floors.Multi path level design with many floors where the bottom is risky cause of pits and liquid that make you slower and possibility of drowning.The combat is quick and cool, you have a move for every direction with only 1 button.There is hidden gameplay and multi purpose moves that I love, for example with the main character you can use a spin to float a lil, use it for a combo attack or you can even use it just after a spring to get some ultra altitude.Like in sonic, speed is a reward of your skills and knowledge of the map.On the other hand, the characters design is not personally what I like, it looks like sonic stuff but too much fury deviant artish. Its your chibby furies not your long humanoid creepy furies. By continuous playing you finish to feel ok with them tho. The high pitch young voices of the protagonist can turn some people off. The characters art is a mixbag too. For example the main antagonist green ship was imposing well made, well animated and just fuc*ing awsum. However the holo dragon from afar feeled really cheap.The plot is your ''cliché'' -> I'm just a special young fella with friends that will save the world from a big bad alien guy that wants to conquer all worlds-It has more depth than that though. It doesnt prevent it from being funny, interesting and just feel good in general. The story also pace the levels where you need a break. It just feel good to accept all challenges and crush them all (with hard times ofc :p) Being close to the end, music get epic, big lazor everywhere, speed elements accentuate. Ah yesh, this is... this is just motha♥♥♥♥♥♥♥great !Music goes from good to great. As great as the best sonic music. I feel that game could have come from the sega saturn and that is a compliment."
76561198114135204,Recommended,248310,29609878,Posted: 31 January,all,R.Heart,"I don't understand, what is this thing you call 'Sanik?'Seriously tho, if I could, I'd double rate it thumbs up. If you were ever a fan of the old school 2D Sonic dating back as far as the Genesis, you owe it to yourself to just straight up buy this game, and forget that other thing ever existed. It's that good.Music, level design, even the physics might feel familiar, but they are at least on par. What really puts it above board, is characters with legitimately different move sets, and a plotline that feels comfortably real. What I mean by that is, it's not just heros saving the world, it's more about trying to get the world to save itself. But also save it from a really obvious villain who actually carries out threats.Cons are more nitpicks, there are a few very intermittent bugs but you don't have to do much to clear them. An instruction manual of some sort would've been helpful, but I think it's not too hard to figure out. The toughest one is realizing the yin-yang token activates bonus at the end of the level.Not much else I feel the need to say. It's so well realized and a constant fun. Play today."
76561198032114776,Recommended,248310,29599336,Posted: 30 January,all,░ Raindrops ░,"Went fast, drove motorcycle, made green goo.10/10"
,Recommended,248310,29592491,Posted: 30 January,all,DANK TANK,"There are few games I can Say I have loved as much as freedom planet. There are even fewer games I can say that I've talked to and heard from the creators as much as I have this game. The sheer amount of love and effort that went into this game is astounding. The levels are smooth, the music is catchy, and the characters are loveable. Please if you love/loved sonic get this game."
,Recommended,248310,31098043,Posted: 12 April,all,ZackXevious,"The best not-Sonic Sonic game I've ever played.Joking aside, fun characters creative levels and a fantastic soundtrack make for a fantastic game.Just don't expect anything major from the voice acting. It's pretty rough."
,Recommended,248310,21256882,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,KeyBoardComedian (BETS.gg),Awesome Game This Game Was Like Sonic The Hedgehog <:-D :3 ^_^ ;)
,Recommended,248310,18082487,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Desu Ex,"Graphics - AwesomeMusic - OutstandingStory and voice acting - Good.This is a really good game, yet that 'sonic type of mechanics' memory prevents me from completely enjoying the game.It's a fast acton game, no doubt, but when you see similar elements that do not function the same way they used to, first it confuses you and then it starts to annoy you. So, if have never played any of the classical sonic games - you might like it even more.My verdict - 9/10Almost a perfect game."
,Recommended,248310,30156914,Posted: 24 February,all,G4m3 grl,"Man, this is a weird looking Sonic game."
76561198074306855,Recommended,248310,29942450,Posted: 15 February,all,Pasta_power,"It's almost 8 in the morning as of me beginning to type this, and I was looking for casual things to do before broad daylight, so I thought ""Screw it! Why don't I randomly review the game I played a bit last night just for the hell of it?""So anyways, this is Freedom Planet.AKA: Cringe PlanetAKA: DeviantArt Sonic OC: The game. No, seriously. I'm not kidding, but I might be exaggerating a little.There's far more more to it though, so by all means keep reading.Freedom Planet can be thoroughly categorized as a 2D sidescrolling high-speed action platformer, with beat-em-up elements (surprise!). The gameplay, as you can probably tell from the description in the previous sentence, functions with some similarities to that of Sonic the Hedgehog, at least the 2D incarnations of him.You have 3 characters to choose from: Lilac the Dragon, Carol the Wildcat, and Milla the Hound. Each character has their own unique moves and controls distinct from one another. They also are easier or harder to play, depending on who you pick. From my experience, and watching others: Lilac is best suited to beginners. Carol is best suited for Novice Players. And Milla is best suited for Experienced Players.For the sake of shortening this review, I will not explain each character's moves and abilities. That's for you to discover.The soundtrack is pretty good, although ""pretty good"" may be an understatement. I would summarize the soundtrack as: Well crafted, complex, somewhat catchy, but very cluttered. It's fun to listen to, and fits right in with the gameplay, as any soundtrack should. However, as I mentioned in the summary,It sounds very cluttered.Perhaps ""muddy"" is a better word for it, but what i'm describing refers not to the music itself, but the way it has been assembled, and the various instruments and samples it's comprised of. Those of you who work with digital music production might understand that i'm essentially saying: It's a problem with the mixing, but not the arrangement.Either way, it's not a huge problem, so much as it is just something to note, and something i've taken much notice to. Like I said, the soundtrack is pretty good.I've covered the gameplay and music, which would normally make for a solid review, but I should address something else:The voice acting.It is ironic, that a game often described as ""a love letter to sonic"" places one of modern sonic's worst qualities, before everything else, including the gameplay itself.The voice acting is amateur at best, and outright cringeworthy at worst. It IS justified to some degree, given that this game had a relatively low budget during development (and was GT's first major release), but that does not change it's own fate! This problem is made worse by the fact that there is no way to toggle it altogether, and the only volume slider is for the music.Something I forgot to mention about the gameplay, is that there are 2 game modes: Adventure and Classic. The voice acting is mostly non-intrusive to the gameplay in classic mode, with one really annoying exeption:Due to the emphasis the story puts on Milla: Every time you defeat the final boss, Lilac (if you play as her) will shout ""Nobody hurts Milla!""Yes, I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not. Unless you can change it by modifying the game files: You WILL hear that, every single time. It's annoying, especially if you are practicing. This will happen in EVERY game mode, so it is practically unavoidable and ruins the immersion. I don't know WHY on earth the devs did this, but they did.Anyways. My review has dragged out long enough. I think i've explained enough of the details.It's highly recommended that you play this game blind. That means no spoilers.Final Score:6/10Recommended with caution.It's areallygood game at it's core, but unfortunately there are a few aspects that drag it down to just above mediocrity.Buy it when it's on sale, and make sure you have a good gamepad that uses a D-pad for movement. I recommend you look up how to speedrun this game, as it can be a lot of fun if done well."
76561198153090207,Recommended,248310,31849952,Posted: 19 May,all,harreddie,You should get this game! It's like the Sonic 4 we never got since 1994!
76561198120528456,Recommended,248310,25881878,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,MrMcFuppleDuckle,"Pros: Fun Gameplay, Amazing art, and feels pretty smooth. Cons: The plot is bad, The voice acting ism't very good, the fact theres voice acting in a 2-D platformer, and the cutscenes go on for WAY to long. Tips: Play classic mode. Overall: Freedom planet is a good game, infact its great but the plot lowers that down. I still really do suggest classic mode, anyways Freedom Planet is a pretty good game and I reccemond it. 7.5/10"
76561198115029584,Recommended,248310,31476293,Posted: 30 April,all,Killerfish360,Freedom Planet is a game I will suggest to people to play.This game has:-Great Controls-Wonderful Characters-An outstanding Soundtrack-a good storyI've had a great time with Freedom Planetand it is a must buy.
76561198185839702,Recommended,248310,31549558,Posted: 4 May,all,jrb7891,"This one was a surprise,  I didn't expect this to be as good as it actually is.  There is a lot of mobility and a lot of speed.  A lot of people compare this to sonic, and although there are a lot of similarities, there is plenty here to seperate it as it's own thing.  I would dare to say sonic was an inspiration as a seed but it grew out to become it's own world with it's own lore which is breifly brushed over during the game's story, but it seems to be enough to give  the player an idea of what has happened.Gameplay is satifying and it is very challenging.  I mean you will most likely blaze through the first few levels, but after a while, suddenly there will be a difficulty spike, especially in the last couple of levels.  After the end of it all though, it's a super fun game, and I don't see it disappointing a whole lot of people.  I kinda hope there will be a sequel to elaborate on the lore of the land a bit more."
,Recommended,248310,31491271,Posted: 1 May,all,SAJewers,"Do you like Platformers? Did you grow up playing Sonic the Hedgehog? Are you a fan of retro-style games?If so, then this is the game probably for you. One of the better indie titles out there."
,Recommended,248310,31478513,Posted: 30 April,all,Conrovbichovshigorbichovkitoshka,"Literally my favorite game on Steam at the moment.Voice acting at the beginning was a bit iffy, but it improves later in the game.  Gameplay is amazing and the soundtrack is even better.Mr. Stumpy best character 10/10."
,Recommended,248310,31574905,Posted: 6 May,all,stubborngamer,"Truly amazing, better than any of the classic 2D Sonic games by a long shot.Each characters is completely unique in how they play. While you only have a few buttons, jump, attack, special, based on if you're ducking, jumping or whatever else, you actually have a wide range of attacks and actions that can be easily performed.The bosses are much more unique than any Sonic game. It doesn't feel like there's a standard pattern as to how the bosses were designed. Each are their own unique entity in how you fight them and they fight you. Many are quite challenging. The game is certainly hard, but in a fun way, not a frustrating way.  I could die to a certain boss and instead of feeling frustrated that I lost and have to try again, I'll feel exited that I get to spend more time fighting the boss.The artwork is also just amazing. How the background is rendered makes the world feel lively and large. My only small gripe is that sometimes I get a bit lost, unsure of what to do. That's just cause of the slight puzzle solving or adventure elements they decided to include. It's not like they are that difficult to figure out after a small amount of exploring, and it's certainly not inherently bad to include elements like that. It's just something I personally found slightly frustrating at times.All in all though, 10/10. Could not recommend high enough."
76561198043898020,Recommended,248310,34853055,Posted: 9 September,all,JaegerBombastic,"TL;DR: The game is very similar to old sonic with some cool new abilities, however some of the later and bosses feel unfair with very high damage attacks that have little to no tellagraphing.This game is very good as an obviously Sonic inspired platformer, but I would say the main difference is the focus of combat. Characters have a decently diverse movepool, and at first it's very fun to kick enemies and bosses around with high mobility. However later on the combat gets either tedious or unfair. Beam-style attacks will hit you once and carry you accross the screen hittim multiple times and taking several bars of health, there don't seem to be any invincibilty frames when you get hit so it's very easy to just get wombo-comboed. Again, at first I liked the more diverse bosses, but by the last few levels (and ESPECIALLY the final boss) Enemies take massive amounts of health in single hits with seemingly no tells or distinct audio cues (or if they are, they happen so fast they cant really be reacted to). You're almost required to use the invincible dash attack to cheese the final boss.The physics also get a little wierd, where characters can scale walls and cielings at very low speeds. The story isn't terrible but I would still recomend classic mode over adventure mode (No cutscenes or dialogue).The game is still very good, but the final few bosses made me actually glad to be done with the game, rather than wanting more."
76561198063920595,Recommended,248310,33684437,Posted: 20 July,all,Egres122,A great games for those who are fans of the old Sonic games. Focuses more on the platforming and alternate routes than the speed. Cannot wait for the sequel.
,Recommended,248310,28923565,Posted: 1 January,all,Kinzo きんぞ,"A great inspiration of the classic 2D Sonic games, hell I would go as far as to say this did better than the old Sonic games.• Exciting fast-paced 2D sidescrolling action.• 3 playable characters. (Excluding beta mode.)• Certain characters can access different stages.• 11 stages. (Exlcuding the 3 Extra Stages.)• 100 Star Cards to collect, 10 in each stage.• 4 difficulties.• Adventure Mode, go through each stage with some story plot inbetween.• Classic Mode, go through each stage with no interruptions from the plot.• Time Attack, beat the levels as fast as you can.• Mahjong, collecting all the Star Cards in a level will allow you to play the Mahjong sub-game.8/10. Fun, exciting, still fun, I ran out of adjectives, just buy the game."
,Recommended,248310,11378069,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,^_^,"There is good games, and then there is great games. Freedom Planet turns out to be latter, thanks to developers paying attention to details more than i remember seeing in quite time.Story is not exactly Shakespeare, and amateur voice acting isn't best i have heard, but both turn out well and fine in the end. Atmosphere is still both exciting and charming, and characters are actually memorable. Visuals and art design are fantastic, despite i wouldn't call them as strong point of the game. Meanwhile soundtrack has well deserved it's place on my mp3 player, and sound effects are top notch as well.Those less-meaningful things aside, most important thing here is gameplay, which is mix of various classics, without ever falling into most typical pitfalls of retro-style-indie-game cliches, and it works incredibly fine as long you adjust sensitivity settings to fit your taste. There is so far 3 characters, all with very unique gameplay styles, and all of them have worked outright fantastic, from what i can tell.But what is game without it's meat? Level design here is surprisingly varied and detailed, with lot of interactivity put into worlds. Enemies and Bosses are the main challenge, though, but even on their worst they seem decent. Game even occasionally has some clever tricks and strategies to use against them.However, the main problem of Freedom Planet is difficulty balancing issues, which are still around, even after some great patches. Levels themselves rarely get too hard, meanwhile bosses will beat you again and again. Hardest platforming parts also sometimes rely on some annoying contraptions. Only way to avoid the contrast between difficulty of levels and bosses, is to set difficulty on casual, which basically makes game ridiculously easy to play, and you won't really die at all. Even on harder difficulties, levels won't get much harder, meanwhile bosses are total killing machines.Extra stuff includes collectible cards, Mahjong and Shang Mu academy, series of mini-challenges so fun that it must be illegal. And the best thing about this already content packed game is... there is still (as far as i know) more to come!"
76561198062322522,Recommended,248310,34336468,Posted: 18 August,all,philip.stiff,"I really really love this game!  I bought it about a year or so ago and constantly go back to it.  To be honest, I think I enjoy it even more than I enjoyed any of the actual Sonic games back in the Genesis days.  The boss battles are certainly much better than any Sonic game.  The characters are all quite nice and give lots of variety to the gameplay.  If I had one complaint I'd say that even though the story cutscenes are very well done, I do think they could be cut down a bit perhaps.  Sometimes they seem a bit longer than you'd like, especially when you just want to get back to the game.  It's not a big issue though because you can play the game without the cut-scenes which makes this a much more free-flowing old school style Genesis game."
,Recommended,248310,34315659,Posted: 17 August,all,Simon_says,"I'm very nearly not recommending this, but it gets a pass. If you've already played Sonic Generations and Sonic Mania (which isn't out yet but reviews are great so far), and you want a Sonic-feeling PC game, then this is a good pick. It's fun and fast, with great art and music.Unfortunately it's far from perfect. The story and voice acting are cheesy and weird and not really in an enjoyable way. I wish the levels were shorter, as you kind of have to commit yourself to a half hour every time you sit down. The cut scenes are quite long, and if the levels were split up a bit like the zones in Sonic games, it might make the cut scenes easier to get through.The hit boxes sometimes behave strangely, and there's next to no invincibility after you get hit, so getting juggled and losing most of your health is common and not fun.Also the collectables in the game are completely pointless. To compare, in Sonic the rings are also your health, you drop rings when you get hit, if you collect 100 you get an extra life. In Shovel Knight, a different indie pixel art 2D retro-style platformer, the money you collect is for upgrades and you lose some when you die. In Freedom Planet, you collect crystals. You never lose crystals, and if you collect 200, you gain an extra life. Now in Sonic, if you lose all your lives- that was it- game over. In Shovel Knight, they've done away with lives and given a well-designed check point system that takes money when you fail and rewards risk-taking. In Freedom Planet, if you run out of lives you gain five more. That's it. There is no penalty whatsoever for losing lives. Meaning lives don't matter, meaning crystals don't matter. Why do the crystals exist? No one knows. What a bafflingly stupid design choice.The difficulty scaling is also way off in my opinion. The levels are all incredibly easy, since death means nothing the only goal is really to get to the next checkpoint, so health is a minor concern. So the bosses are the real challenge of the game, with the quality of them varying greatly. The first few bosses are quite easy, and then there is a sudden difficulty spike. All of the bosses are manageable until the third phase of the final boss, which suddenly gives no tells and is completely randomized in how to operates. I beat it, but if felt more like I got lucky than anything skill-based.Damn, that is a lot of bad things for a positive review. I'm a very negative person. There are a lot of games to play before Freedom Planet, and it's ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" score is unearned in my opinion. But it feels like Sonic 3 when you're speed through the world, and that's what I was looking for. Get it on sale."
,Recommended,248310,34427973,Posted: 22 August,all,Will The Kill,"Freedom Planet is a solid 2D platformer with heavy influence of the Sega Genesis-era Sonic the Hedgehog games.  The gameplay allows for you to dash through levels as quickly or possible or take it slow and explore around for various secrets.  Both options are pretty satisfying, which isn't something I could always say for the side-scrolling Sonic games, since those had an emphasis on speed and a 10 minute time limit.The gameplay, visuals, and music are all very good and are definitely things I want out of a modern-day 2D platformer trying to recreate an experience one might get from a Genesis game some 20-plus years ago.  The boss battles can provide for some meaty challenges at times, but it never feels too unforgiving or makes you want to quit playing.  I completed the game in about five hours, but your mileage may vary, and there's different characters you can choose to play that adds some variety.The story is more of a mixed bag from me.  The voice acting can feel really out of place, and the quality of each character's dialogue/voice is very noticeable, as if each voice actor recorded their parts in different environments.  Also, some of the cutscenes can really feel like a drag, and considering how short this game is, it almost feels like overkill.  This can all be skipped by playing Classic Mode, which features gameplay only and cuts out the story entirely.Overall, I had a lot of fun with Freedom Planet, speaking as someone who grew up playing the 90's Sonic games.  There was a lot of effort and passion in the development of this game, and it really shows.  While maybe not as memorable as the source material, it's still worth your time to give a look."
,Recommended,248310,32870428,Posted: 27 June,all,"lex, añuña & los chocomileros",this is the best sonic game in years
,Recommended,248310,34448765,Posted: 23 August,all,this nerd,like sonic but it was not never good
,Recommended,248310,35156531,Posted: 23 September,all,trueyomic,"If you loved class Sonic, you'll love this cute platformer inspired by that classic."
76561198122376907,Recommended,248310,35480585,Posted: 4 October,all,AyyLmao,its sonic with slight furry undertones it blows that the game is so fun but has these weird♥♥♥♥♥characters like im not tryna jack off to some animals but the gameplay is fun and you can skip those furry cutscenes if u want  thank god but if being a furry is your♥♥♥♥♥♥then knock yourself out just know ill secretly be judging7 out of 3 stars
,Recommended,248310,35505979,Posted: 5 October,all,Roomaster1,"I've been on a 2d sidescroller retro-themed gaming binge and stumbled upon this game. Pretty great, good gameplay, good graphics, and good storyline overall. The voice acting could use some work. I hope the second installment of the series lives up to the hype !Good game."
