user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,248490,19093591,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Lighty,"Many people say this russian masterpiece is crap, because its too cryptic.I crypt their mothers! bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥don't want to face real challenge.GRab your vodka, and your notebook, and sit your♥♥♥♥♥down for some quality, and chilling experience in the point 'n click genre, mixed with a horrifying enviorment.Oh, did I mention notebook?Step up comerads, this game is a real +1!"
,Recommended,248490,19727413,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Vic=HKC=,"While I know about the problem around who should receive the money now, I wasn't aware of it when I activated the game. Anyway, the story is about a Soviet waking up in a strange place, just at the moment when Staline dies. Your goal is to solve puzzles to escape this weird bunker.I don't know why KGB Unleashed but it's clear that the game wants to show secret experiments and that as you lost your memories, you don't even remember how come you've arrived. Besides, you will have many many questions, that will be still unanswered at the end of the game.Anyway, it's a point-&-click game, where you're solving puzzles thanks to clues around - some are easy, others are harder to understand. You're travelling from a room to another room and several times. You're also guided by a mysterious voice.The graphics are correct, though you're into a bunker or an underground facility, meaning that the ambiance is kinda cold as you're alone. Everything is set to make you feel like anything can happen, as if there was a mysterious entity. Anyway, as you're stuck into a KGB secret location, you bet that you'll find an ambiance of ""WTF happened there?"".The voice acting was correct too, like was the soundtrack.1953 is an average adventure game, one that will not mark your memories so much, yet still enjoyable - though some puzzles will require some work. Anyway, while I recommend it, don't forget the controversy surrounding it before making a choice: buying it on Steam or try to find a key elsewhere for a little price."
,Recommended,248490,1185638,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,Biohazard☣JP,"A dark and disturbing tale set to the tune of Myst, a reminder of why PC games are still held in high esteem. Fully recommend this title to anyone interested in the classic adventure game genre!"
76561198037158472,Recommended,248490,8133036,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,jaretp,"This game is interesting, you have to really pay attention to all the signs that you will find around you or else you can't get through the puzzles. There are walk throughs on you tube for the game in case you get stuck."
,Not Recommended,248490,26140362,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,The Horror Network | Embalmer,"You wake up in an underground bunker, the year is 1953. You have no information regarding how you came to be trapped within the cold, concrete walls of this abandoned Soviet project, and you have little memory of your past. Left to uncover the horrors of what occurred here, and you must find a way out. You're alone, or are you? A mysterious voice emanates from an overhead speaker; is he real, or is he in your mind?The set up to 1953 - KGB Unleashed is promising, and it's a pretty unique concept when it comes to point and click titles. Though the game fails abysmally in every category, making it a ""bottom of the barrel"" pick for its genre. It also includes a lot of gameplay features that make even veteran fans of point and clicks cringe. Note that the store page says that this game is horror, but there are very little horror elements to be had; a couple of very fleeting moments could be classified as eerie at best. The title functions in a 3D manner, meaning that you can freely pan your mouse around 360 degrees rather than having a stagnant scene like a lot of point and clicks. The visuals are nice, though the bunker looks far too pristine in my opinion. The audio, music specifically, is practically non-existent save for a couple of scenarios. The on-screen inventory system is probably the least complicated feature of the entire game.The tortuous pixel hunting and terribly ambiguous puzzles are both unforgiving, and unforgivable. Without a guide to follow, most players would likely give up on ever solving the true-to-life KGB mysteries and just resort to a search engine for further historical information. This tedious gameplay mates with excruciatingly dry written text, culminating in an experience that's best left alone entirely. There are tons of documents scattered around the scenes in this game, but many are nefariously long and textbook in quality. You would think learning about the abominable experiments conducted by KGB would be more interesting... but sadly, not in this instance.It all ends with a very confusing, yet uninspired, scene that contradicts the rest of the game; ultimately, an ending that's not worth the hassle of reaching. If you're using a guide, 1953 - KGB Unleashed will last you anywhere from 1-2 hours. If you're not using one, well then may the gaming gods be with you. Perhaps if you enjoy a story that's as dry as the desert itself, or reading textbook-like documents, as well as clicking on literally everything in sight to find what you've missed so you can progress, then this might be the game for you. If none of that sounds fun, well then we're on the same page. Though the idea could've been phenomenal, this is one game that just fails to deliver in every way imaginable.Rating:1.5/5.0- It's Bad.The Horror NetworkCurator|GroupClick for Gore"
,Recommended,248490,29569198,Posted: 29 January,all,Zlazoj Sivek,"They really did a good job with the atmosphere of the game - the documents and the scenario makes you feel in a Cold War scenario. The puzzles can be frustrating and sometimes, you might have to go to Youtube to figure out how to deal with them or just be patient and read all of the documents you got.Buy it on a sales season, since it is to overpriced."
,Recommended,248490,33577781,Posted: 15 July,all,Ruzar Falzon,"To minimize frustration, play with a guide. Otherwise, some of the puzzles will leave you wondering what the ♥♥♥♥ to do next.It's a good point and click and there are some parts that are extremely atmospheric. Some parts of the story will leave you scratching your head. Some parts aren't really explained, but it adds to the mistery. The ending doesn't really match with the rest of the game and it'll leave you, just like the puzzles, scratching your head.Still, the music is great, the atmosphere is tense and the documents really flesh out the world. There were a couple of times I had to pause because it was just too creepy.Get it discounted, but still get it. Worth 2 or so hours of gameplay."
,Not Recommended,248490,30828911,Posted: 30 March,all,Station Earth,"I don't recall ever buying this game but it seemed interesting at least from the pictures the store page had to offer. After playing it I can say that it was not what I was expecting at all.First off, I strongly believe that the description should include that this title is a ""Point and Click"" game because it just states it is a ""First Person Adventure"" game which is very misleading. After a bit of digging I found out that one of the tags was ""Point & Click"" but it was hidden in the additional tags area which I had to manually click to check. For new buyers who seem mislead by the game's description, just be aware that this title is in fact point and click and not what the description might make you perceive it to be. You will not move around with keys, but move from screen to screen with clicks.As for the game, it is in my opinion not tense at all nor is it the least bit horrifying. It can be atmospheric in terms of ambience at times but it is stricly puzzle based. It's harder for Point and Click games to be tense and scary at times because of the fact that they're simply point and click. Some games have pulled this off successfully but this one unfortunately did not. The puzzles are very cryptic and not unless you're a puzzle guru, you'll be begging for a hint every 5 minutes. I've cleared about 70% of the game before heading to a guide for further assistance. The difficulty of the puzzles ruins the feeling of horror (If there was any) for as you're just sitting there frustrated wondering what the hell you're supposed to be doing.As mentioned, the game is extremely puzzle based. That being said, the game is about 90% puzzle. No matter where you are in the game, you will be there because of a puzzle. It requires some complex thinking that isn't 'impossible' but is mind boggling enough to urge you to find the nearest Google search bar. I'm no puzzle master nor will I ever be. I enjoy puzzles and challenging my mind to an extent but I'm not a strong strategic gamer. I enjoy having a mix of many genres but in this matter, I was being thrown puzzle after puzzle after puzzle. It was fine the first few times but after a while it's like, alright, where's the scares? Is there anything else to the game?The game also states itself to be an adventure game but there is actually little adventuring going on. I guess trudging through a couple bunkers and some tunnels can be considered an adventure, you ARE going somewhere. But that's not how most people perceive an ""adventure"" to be. It can (in technicality) be anything that has a destination or objective, but when people hear ""adventure"", they usually associate it with ""action"" which this game lacks much of. But hey, if you love puzzles of all difficulties, and some history about war, and can have complete disregard of any other genre and still have fun, then this might not be too bad for you!The entirity of the game is you running around finding stuff, reading stuff, backtracking with stuff, reading some more stuff, finding some more stuff, putting some stuff with some other stuff, then reading some more stuff, make some final adjustments, move on to a new screen or room, and repeat. There was no build I felt that could possibly make me feel uneasy or even wonder what was going to happen next. The only thing I had thinking was ""When is this game going to be finished"".In the end, I do not recommend this game because it wasn't my cup of tea. That doesn't necessarily make it abadgame, it's just a preference, but the description of the game is very misleading and that in itself is unacceptable. It is a complex puzzle game with minor elements of adventure and no elements of horror (unless you count ambience as horror). It wasn't what I expect nor what it stated to be (not in the good way) and I can only conclude this review with what I mentioned earlier:""If you love puzzles of all difficulties, and some history about war, and can have complete disregard of any other genre and still have fun, then this might not be too bad for you.""(For you puzzle gurus that are considering buying the game):The price tag, no no no. Get it on sale, that's criminal.TL;DR: Refer to headline (Blue text)."
,Not Recommended,248490,11409882,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Euronymous,"1953 - KGB Unleashed is a mediocre adventure game with little thrill to be had. The mystery is not very interesting, and the clues to progress aren't thought out very well. For the majority of the game, you'll ask yourself ""Okay, I got this item, I went into this room, now what?"" You'll find that as the story progresses, the continuity starts to drift into the nether. At one point you answer a phone and talk to a comrade, and the story makes you believe that you'll meet him at some point, but you don't. The ending was very lame too, it seemed like the developers didn't know how to move the story along, so they went with a deus ex machina which was neither clever nor exciting. I mean it too, the ending is bad, very bad.In the end this game was a snoozer, and you'll have more fun with something like ""Syberia"" than a stale piece of bread that this comes off as.If you are into movies, I'd suggest watching ""Entity"" (2012) as the movie sums up what this game tries to portray."
,Not Recommended,248490,11905008,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Deathstreak,"This is a classic style point and click adventure game. I mean it is just like the old ones that used to be popular in the '90's, right down to a fixed aspect ratio of 4:3, and no High Resolution support, which is pretty inexcusable for a PC game that came out in 2012 (2013 US). It is also very short, easily able to be completed within 4-5 hours. It does feature some interesting atmosphere and story, dealing with a sealed and evacuated KGB bunker, many notes you find providing background, furnishings and propaganda posters you find are evocative of the 1950's. The story ultimately revolves around human experimentation, and features a twist near the end, along with a manufactured and unsatisfying ending that doesn't really come off as believable. The game also suffers from the kind of problem many adventure games have had since the original Myst, namely to advance, sometimes you have to do exactly what the game designers had in mind, using the precise tool on a specific piece of equipment, at the specific time the progression allows it, and not before. More than once I couldn't figure out why perfectly logical combinations didn't work, because only one specific one out of the multiple ones that would have worked was programmed to. Also at least one puzzle I couldn't solve because I was apparently trying to solve too early, the event refusing to work until I ran down other, incorrect leads. All in all, the game has zero replay value, and I would say it is worth playing through once, but only if it can be bought for very cheap, like say less than five dollars."
,Not Recommended,248490,10851493,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Nunks,"This game has its good parts and its bad parts, like any other game. However I feel like this game is nowhere near worth what the asking price is, and even though I only got it for a buck or two on sale, I still regret buying it.I love cold war era stories, and so I thought this game was right up my alley. It's a point and click, and while I'm usually hesitant to BUY point and click games (some of my favorites like Submachine are free) I saw the cold war style and thought it might be worth the couple dollars it was selling for.Boy was I wrong. This game has a great story (albeit very short) and I thought it was pretty interesting. The puzzles were hard, and kind of abstract, but most point and click games are like that anyways so that's kind of a moot point. The music is pretty awesome, the graphics are beautiful, and the controls are pretty straightforward. The game is pretty reading heavy, and while I'm fine with that, others are not. The biggest gripe I have with this game is the english voice acting, because honestly it's subpar at it's best. You can obviously tell the cinematics are tailored to have the dialogue go on longer, and it seems like the voice actors for the english translation just wanted to get through with it as quickly as possible. The main character had an okay voice, the loudspeaker voice was just laughable because he sounded like he was just reading the lines, and honestly, the best voice actor in the game was the one guy you talk to on the phone for like a minute.The biggest problem overall is the fact that this is a pirated english version of the Russian game ""Phobos 1953"". I don't know if the whole quarrel between the Russian developers and the pirates has been settled, but when I learned about this, I felt wrong buying it, even if it was like two bucks. Overall, don't buy this game. If you are so curious, watch a playthrough of it online or something. Just don't buy it, it will be a waste of your money."
76561197981085666,Recommended,248490,8588076,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Bullwinkle,"I recomend this game only if you enjoy Adventure games. There is some controversy as to whether or not this is an English pirated version of a Russian game. They can sort it out in court. I got this at a bargain price of $2.50, regular price is $10.00. This is an Adventure game done Russian style, The controls are a little different, but you'll get the hang of it. It is a Dark, Mysterious and Creepy game with some challanging puzzles that you will need to crack, just read the documents that you will be picking up as you progress through the game, they provide the clues. The graphics and sound are typical for these types of games. The only bad thing about this game is that it is extremely short. I probably would not pay over $5.00 for it. After you've been through the game once, you could probably go through it in an hour the second time, not much of a replay value."
76561198026236139,Not Recommended,248490,9164740,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Regen752,"Bit of a let down to be honest. I'll admit I found the setting interesting being in a cold war soviet bunker, and a few times it was a bit ominous, but there is never any real danger in the game apart from being poisoned. It tries to add a supernatural mix toward the end of the game which I found a bit cheesy. The ending was also really boring. I have no desire to play this game again after completing it, and thus deleted it from my computer.I also had to play it in 800x600 resolution for some reason otherwise it would give me a black screen, a resolution I haven't played a game in since the early 2000's."
,Not Recommended,248490,9767205,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Crux,"KGB Unleashed is a mediocre game. It suffers from a classic problem among many adventure games in that the clues and puzzles are simply too obscure. Using a blowtorch on a liquid nitrogen can to activate an electrical switch? Some of the items have annoying primary uses; I spent forever trying to saw a door off, only to realize that I had to use the saw on an electrical switch, to turn it on. Makes sense in the practical sense, but in this context the game was suggesting sawing off an outlet, which makes no sense.The game has a good atmosphere and alright voice acting, but the puzzles' reliance on random items combined with the obscurity of your overall goals were deal-breakers for me. Not a fan. I'm not advocating mindless shooters instead, just a more intuitive puzzle game."
,Not Recommended,248490,8260343,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,LoneLion,"I'm not saying it's a bad game, but it lacks originality, and its kind of boring, unless you're one of those who really likes point-and-click puzzle games. It reminds me very much of those old-school FMV videogame that plagued the SEGA CD. The story  maybe be somewhat good, but the gameplay makes it boring and 4:3 locked resolution and pre-rendered graphics doesn't make it better."
76561198005955952,Not Recommended,248490,9876371,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,TheAngolianVolkova☭,"To hell with this game. Good old tradition of P/C adventure. Unintuitive, controls like♥♥♥♥♥and out right tedious.The story and setting somewhat interesting though. Persist only if you're boring like me!"
76561198112866114,Not Recommended,248490,28969116,Posted: 3 January,all,kyzka,"I've always wanted to know what happens to the circus animals when circus's get boycotted? I now have come to realize that they must somehow retire into game design. Welcome to '1953 KGB Unleashed' where nothing makes sense. Seriously! Nothing!Before I start on my usual throw this abomination into the 410 shredder let me just say that there will be spoilers in this rant especially regards to the ending. Personally I feel that I am not ruining anything, but saving mankind in general (never thought of me as a savior did you?) from a fate worse than being locked in a room and forced to watch pride and prejudice.How about we first start off with the mystery that no one knows even if this is an illegal game on Steam or not? A Russian web site link here providedhttp://gmbox.ru/…/igra-fobos-1953-byla-nelegalno-vypushchen…claims that '1953 KGB Unleashed' is a pirated renamed English copy of their game 'Phobos 1953' and that they have not been payed a single cent for what they are entitled to according to developer George Beloglasov. While other rumors have begun to circulate that the original developing company Phantomery Interactive Studios have since disbanded and again other rumors state that the developers signed over full rights unknowingly to the publishers and have no entitlement. With all that being said, basically no one has any idea what the truth is, as no one has confirmed or denied any of these rumors. In fact some rumors have even stated that the developers knew what a dogs breakfast this game was and even chose to sell all rights to it. What is the real reason? Only time will tell.The game advertises itself as a First Person Adventure and I myself personally bought it under this premise. This is very misleading, it's simply a point and click adventure, a 2d game disguised to look like a 3d game. To be even more precise its an extremely anal pixel hunter as the frames to click on are often so tiny and obscure, that it will often take you a billion random clicks before you find what your suppose to click on. This is done purposefully as the developers themselves know that the game is extremely short and the amount of puzzles needing to be solved are a handful, so they have evidently chosen to stretch the game out by making it a laborious click and find chore.The graphic presentation in this game is actually really well done and more often than not it is nearly quite photogenic. The game begins with Moscow as it would appear during that time period with life buzzing around the streets, the camera then pans down through the ground and into a secret bunker under the streets where the character you play begins to gain consciousness with memory loss as to who he in fact is. Paperwork on him suggests that he is some type of maintenance man and he has awoken in a closed section of the a bunker with a blaring alarm caused through some type of industrial accident.It is actually quite an impressive introduction into the game, but unfortunately then the game begins. First your greeted to the sound of an emergency alarm which is more grating than an alarm clock on a new years hangover. Seriously it just doesn't shut up, couple this with the fact that your in a dark room and you have to find something to click on which is the size of a penny does not make for a fun time.As you progress further through this bunker your character begins to remember that he was in fact a maintenance man sworn to secrecy not to divulge any secrets about the experimentation's that they were performing here. He was hired on a whims notice given the task to fix certain machinery which was crucial to 'the experiment' before the accident happened and he awoke. Wandering further and further through the small labyrinth of corridors and rooms you learn of the KGB's secret experiments that range from biological to electro-therapy and even into ESP and telekinesis. Here's where things begin to get creepy. Certain documents littered around the floor show that those being interviewed were able to control objects with their mind and even people, forcing them to do things that they normally would not. They claim that in order to do this they have to empty their mind and that sometimes they can even bring a dark presence back with them.Before you know it, now enters the concept of the supernatural as the 'experiment' that they were fundamentally interested in is communicating with the dead, especially with the people that they had just killed. Your character is then given the task to reproduce the experiment in order to understand fully what was going on.Before I go on, I forgot to mention that you soon discover the fact that your not alone and that there is both someone who is somehow tracking your every movement and communicating to you through the loud speaker. He sounds like Mr Jigsaw from all the 'Saw' movies and talks in riddles as if this is all some sort of test. You further communicate to someone else over the intercom who you find is trapped in another compartment in the bunker.Ok going back. While you recreate the experiment you discover a door where your esp begins to flare up and tells you that there is something extremely evil on the other side of the door. Don't worry you never find out what it is, it might be more of the mysterious shadows that seem to zoom around  and chase you getting your heart all in a flutter.Anyway, after recreating the experiment successfully you mysteriously black out and awaken in another foreign part of the bunker not far from someone who has been freshly murdered, probably the same person you just saved over the intercom. If someone who was part of the original experiments were forcing you to black out and commit these atrocious acts is never really explained, but it is possible.So far the story at this point is somewhat semi plausible and interesting, this is the point where as I can tell two things must have happened. 1) The original developing company here disbanded and 2) The circus animals were allowed to take over and finish it off.Are you seriously ready for this? Your character through the power of his mind he is able to create a subway tunnel to appear in a toilet. Here, he discovers he can do practically anything with the power of his mind given the right fear. In fact he was even able to use a not connected eyeball, place it under the door, and by using the power of his mind, see the lock on the other side of the door, and open it. After creating a whole subway tunnel with the power of his mind, he then goes on to live a normal and happy life. After all this your forced as a gamer to ask yourself 'what the hell is this crap I have just sat through?!'Would you honestly pay a builder who only builds you half a house? This was an awful lot like that. Why would anyone want to buy this when evidently only half a decent job done and the rest of it is just a rushed, cut every corner you can, story?The game was originally designed to be a prequel to this movie..http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1489253/In final Thumbs down for something that could have been very promising, but unfortunately badly orchestrated and even worse delivered."
76561198011882010,Recommended,248490,8337443,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Concaco,"If you look for more Sublustrum style of point'n'click adventure, don't look further. It's exactly the same, but it takes place in 1953's Moscow's underground bunker and revolves around paranormal and human's brain experiments. Again, it's extremely short: about 10 puzzles in few locations. They're logical and you can solve them without looking into solutions or walkthroughs. I think that abandoning the sound-based puzzles helped a lot (you had to have a genius-kind of ear to solve the last Sublustrum's puzzle). The only exception to that is the cigarette-cases order: I would never think of connecting the actual hint with them.The atmosphere though is absolutely stunning. With little budget and resources, the graphics and minimalist effects work great.  I liked the flashlight's effect in a shooting gallery, connected to subtle sound/voice effects.Although extremely short (takes ~3 hours to complete), it offers a solid dose of bonus exploration: notes, reports, photos, book fragments."
,Not Recommended,248490,7975199,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Theyrvalls,"Now that I have played through the game once, I have to admit that I am rather disappointed by the final version of that game. the concept and screenshots presented in the greenlight campaign looked promising and made expectations rise that the developer is going to create a first person adventure, mixed with horror and/or mystery elements as well as the appearance of a fearable opponent/monster - set in the 1950's soviet union period.Well, it took me about four hours to complete the game, and the end is, as some reviewers already stated, confusing and dissatisfying. The impression that I get is that the game was cut somewhere in the middle of the story line, for whatever reason. The end and what you experience minutes before just don't fit together.Some players already said they found the puzzles hard to solve. I think that most of the time there is a logical way to solve them - you get a lot of information you need by reading the reports you find. I missed a clear signal that I really solved the puzzle - for example, when I got the right frequency on the radio.About sound and graphics: Although the soundtrack is atmospheric and very generic, the places you visit are insensate and rigid. At one point, you inhalate some sarin which makes up some nice effects like a blur (no, not motion blur.) or blood red framing. but that's it.Graphics are ok, but you don't go for the high end polygon count in a game like that.One groundbreaking gameplay element that should be mentioned implicitly is the door-opening eyeball. You have waited a long time for developers to come up with some nice gameplay thingy that cuts the edge. Simply put the eyeball through a hole to get to the other side from where the door is locked, and the eye will open it for you. nice.If you are not in for the eyeball, I cannot recommend this game at all."
,Recommended,248490,12020889,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,postewar,Russian point and click simulator.
76561197970571810,Not Recommended,248490,7380114,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,ExHippy,It's a pretty short point and click adventure. Couple of slightly difficult puzzles but all it all fairly straight forward. The background story isn't anything new (KGB does secret experiment shocker...) and while the atmosphere is decent it's hardly worth the effort. Hate to be down on an indie game but I'd give it a miss if I were you.
,Recommended,248490,8238824,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,=[KXIC]= yusundur,"Decent puzzles, nice and atmospheric graphics, but the story kinda dissapoints. Lots of reading and an unsatisfying ending. Would recommend for a low price."
76561198067899800,Not Recommended,248490,8381028,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,term.guff,"Sadly I can't recommend this game.Pros: The mood, atmosphere and music for this game were all great. I love when games provide a lot of extra information in the form of notes and journals, and this game has a lot of it. Some of the puzzles were great.Cons: A LOT of the puzzles often come down to random guesswork. There are also a lot of situations where if you don't drag your mouse across the entire screen, you won't find some small vital piece of something. This is just not a great puzzle game. Since this is the central gameplay, it should be more solid.Some of the written material could've been better (the ""Confrence Room"" sign is one of the many notable editing errors). It felt like these materials were ambitious in scope, but could have used a lot more work. The books and magazines felt especially rushed.Overall this game was more frustration and looking at walkthroughs than it was enjoyable gameplay."
76561198108562915,Not Recommended,248490,8748232,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,GameSmashDash,"I didn't enjoy this game. The game was bad and the plot was pointless what they showed at the beginning. Even moving though the story only the second part of level when I got out of the room is what really all I did enjoyed. The rest of the game I had to look up tattorials. The game didn't have much to offer. I rate this game a 1 out of 10, 4. If you like playing games that were just thrown together by all means go a head, maybe you'll enjoy this but I just didn't get that out of this I got so hype at the main menu and my hype just immetly drop because of the gameplay. It just destorys all that hype with the first part third part doesn't take much away from my disspointment only frustation."
76561197981162623,Not Recommended,248490,9564355,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Cypress,"So this game promises a lot. Secret soviet bases, paranormal activity, shadowy secrets and deady traps. Oh, and poison gas, lets not forget about poison gas.And the game delivers. But it does so poorly. It's clear that there was thought of a big story here, with ghosts trapped in radio waves, and soviet experiments to harness them. But almost as soon as that plot point is picked up, you use it to solve a puzzle and then it quietly drops into the background, only around to provide explainations for why walls fall in behind you. And that neatly summarizes the games approach to its mystery: set it in front of you, solve a puzzle with it, then don't worry about it for the rest of the game.Oh, and the ending was a disappointment. I shan't spoil, save for this statement: I thought I was at the game's halfway point when the end credits rolled. And that doesn't really endear me to it."
76561198048906462,Not Recommended,248490,10592810,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,samdabaker,"The voice acting in the English version was so terrible it was beyond distracting and there was no way to turn it off.  If there was just a text version without the terrible acting, this game would be tollerable.  Maybe even fun."
,Not Recommended,248490,10145198,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Bob,"I bought this game thinking it was an interactive story telling game like Dear Esther. It is in fact a point and click game. I have no problem with that, I like a good point and click game. The atmosphere of the game is excellent, very dark and oppressive. The world design is very detailed and complements the atmosphere. However the puzzles themselves are convoluted and frustrating. The story starts off well and builds up the mystery but then never really amounts to anything and the resolution of the story is unsatisfying. It is relatively short too. I think if the story had been fleshed out further and extended this could have been quite and entertaining game but as it stands it just feels like unfulfilled potential."
,Recommended,248490,8783761,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Steph,socialism from a satanist point of view
,Not Recommended,248490,12442125,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,[hlife] Hotdog,"I’ll be honest, I’m not the biggest fan of point-and-click games, but I do enjoy them on occasion. In KGB Unleashed it’s the usual journey of solving various puzzles and figuring out the meaning of various objects in each room. This game features more of the latter rather than the former. More often than not, I struggled to progress due to the obscurity of some elements, and despite the fact that I agree with the logic of each puzzle and the idea behind it, I believe it could have been far better designed. Many elements were misleading, or failed to emphasise the reason for its use. There are several examples I could give, one of which was a simple switch in a safe which gave no indication of what it did, yet it unlocked a door in another corridor that I did not realise until I had backtracked through most of the game to try and discover its purpose. In another part of the game, you have to descend a trap hole and there is a crate in the hole. Your cursor highlights to indicate there is something you need to do with the crate, but while I spent almost 10 minutes trying to open it, turns out it was actually where you had to put the tape recorder. Confusion like this could have been easily avoided by making the object anything other than a crate; a crate I had to break open not two rooms before.I almost quit outright in frustration upon the first 10 minutes of starting the game. I don’t know if it was just my settings, but the initial two rooms are dark, so you have to strain your eyes to hardly see anything and the incessant alarm tone became annoying and headache inducing very quickly, beating the puzzles to the punch. The game significantly lacks any Russian undertones, with the main character voiced with an English accent. Aside from some radio stations and a few scraps of propaganda, the game could be set in the USA or England and you wouldn’t notice any difference.The ending became downright bizarre, ending very abruptly with little resolution. In the last area, you find a glass (hopefully) eyeball which you roll under a door. You can then look through the eyeball as if by magic and somehow that opens the door. Now here is a big spoiler for you, but the game stops, tells you that guy who has been talking to you is dead and then shoos you out the exit. The exit, by the way, is a subway tunnel that somehow goes directly into a bathroom and the wall just disappears after you pick up a subway token. It almost seems as though the developers gave up at this point, or just didn’t know how to end the game. It was an abrupt and confusing ending that severely jarred the experience.Aside from me failing at puzzles, the game also failed on technical levels in many places. It’s very slow to load, which is very unusual for my high-end PC. It could take as long as ten seconds to load one room, yet I can load Fallout New Vegas with 50+ mods faster. It only had to do this once per room though, which reduced the annoyance, but it’s still unusual for a game of this era. I also had trouble with sluggish cutscenes that left me locked in the cutscene long after the dialouge ceased. There was also no option for subtitles, which was a bit problem for me when there was poor audio quality dialogue and I couldn’t understand what was said, making me miss what may have been important plot points.The game looked decent, and the mood was set as it should have been, but it felt empty and void of any character. With constant backtracking to and from rooms, I tired from walking the same slow corridors over and over. It became a grind and that’s no fun at all.An engine that just isn’t up to scratch, inconsistent gameplay and design ruined this game, which showed great potential. Some may enjoy the puzzles, I know some people who will get more satisfaction from games such as these than I do, but the price, the length of only a mere 2 or 3 hours coupled with all the letdowns made KGB Unleashed a great disappointment.And where was all the Vodka? You can't have Russians without Vodka!"
,Not Recommended,248490,12107588,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Muir,"If you like super old school, ""nintendo hard"" difficulty point and click puzzle games, this is the game for you. Unfortunately, I prefer my point and click games to gradually ramp up the difficulty as I progress.Good points, based on my very short playtime:interesting premise and plot linegood graphicsNegatives:everything is intuitive. The game doesn't help you at all, including not telling you that you have an inventory and how to access itpuzzles start off difficult and don't get any easier"
,Recommended,248490,12442544,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Skops,"I'll be honest and say that I bought 1953: KGB Unleashed thinking it'd be a shooter or a Horror game like ""Amnesia: The Dark Descent"", so when I found out it was a Point & Click Adventure game, I was a little disappointed and tossed the game aside for nearly a year before giving it a fair shake.When I finally decided to give this game a go, I was pleaseantly surprised. This game has a great atmosphere, well done (albiet tough to follow) puzzles, and really unnerving documents that fit the setting. You really get the sense that you were left for dead in a old Soviet bunker and you're discovering through rooms and the many found documents of brutal experiments and executions that have taken place there.If only the game didn't end so abruptly... Just as you find yourself getting deeper and deeper into the bunker, the game is building up to finding some really horrific stuff... A wall blows up and you walk out and the game ends.. And not only that, the character goes on to narrorate that he lives a long and happy life not once even referencing or questioning the events that took place. It comes so sudden, its almost like you can literally see the point where the devs hit the budget limit. Its a real shame.Regardless of it's awful ending, I do recommend 1953: KGB Unleashed."
,Not Recommended,248490,7971430,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,innuit,"I  can't believe there are four game designers on this game. The puzzles just stupid, most of them are totally counter-intuitive and very poorly designed. Too bad for the other guys on graphics & audio who did a very nice job.Not talking about the plot & ending, desperately catastrophic. Definitely not worth its price."
,Recommended,248490,13044300,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Cheski,Point and click horror. Interesting story with some semi difficult puzzles. Voice acting is good and the environments are fleshed out. You'll have to step back and think about the puzzles at times with a little trial and error to help your through.I got around 2 hours of gameplay out of it.
,Recommended,248490,8467002,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,TobiKenobi73,Great mystic puzzle solving game! Short but fun!
76561198004751663,Recommended,248490,10143582,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Rumsie,"KGB : Unleashed is a pretty descent ""point-and-click"" game. Combining a solitary experience, with atmospheric music and a grim setting, makes way for a compelling game, filled with puzzles designed to excert your brain. However, what starts off as a great game seems ruined by a rushed ending, which I find is the most important impressional part of a game. Despite the ending and the short length, the game remains a great experience recommended for ""point-and-click"" players.Just hunt for it when it comes on special."
76561198099509240,Recommended,248490,10055567,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,ciraliozgur,a good adventure/puzzle game and it takes only a few hours to play. End of the game can be better.
,Recommended,248490,7381486,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,GasMask,A very difficult point-and-click adventure game. The objects and material relating from the time are very accurate.
,Not Recommended,248490,7938628,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,ᅚ,"More like one of those arcade games you can play on the internet FOR FREE. Gameplay: Click random things on the screen to get past a level. Storyline/plot: You're some Russian (not even sure if Russian, he doesn't have an accent) and are locked in some tunnel which is in Moscow? Apparently it's for some tests, yet the question WHY won't be answered, enjoy..."
,Recommended,248490,11363006,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Spiffo the guiding racoon,not too bad actully good
,Recommended,248490,8361159,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Pickler,pretty good game if you're a soviet medium/electrician
76561197974360791,Recommended,248490,653437,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,wOrm!,"This is one of the most dissapointing games I have ever played. I wont over- embellish, but let me sum up why I am so dissatisfied with it. Main point - it is so short that it literally felt like the demo version. In fact, I have played games whose demo is longer than this entire game. You are thrown into the game as quickly as you are thrown out. There is no ""welcome to the game"" feel. Most games slowly set you up with simple tasks which prepare you for more challenging ones later on. With this you are thrown into a stagnant, colorless environment where nothing stand out, making it very frustrating when it came to solving a puzzle. The game actually started to get amazingly engaging and exciting. The music and sound effects are excellent, as was the direction of the story. This game really has amazing potential, but it ended so fast that it felt entirely meaningless. It is a weak, easy-to-forget game, simply because I just played and paid for a demo. Not recommended."
76561197993398893,Not Recommended,248490,8430733,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,mpm414,Piece of crap! The only way I could figure out what to do was watching the YouTube walk thru. That lasted only a couple of hours. Buy at your own risk.
76561197982370763,Not Recommended,248490,8429628,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Dubya Emm Wun,The Logo is the coolest thing about this game.Myst-esque  puzzles and interface.  Poorly voiced.  Annoying pauses.  Unfulfilling ending.Save your pennies.
76561198030375358,Not Recommended,248490,7929678,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Familyman,"Impossible to find your way through without a walkthrough. Has almost nothing to do with the KGB or Russia. Ending made no sense, has many bugs.WHERE THE ♥♥♥♥ DID THE SUBWAY COME FROM?!?!?!??!?!?!?!"
,Recommended,248490,12932078,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,"""Regular"" Clarid",THIS IS SPYWARE ??????
,Recommended,248490,15330665,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Butt Aldrin,"Watch the video version of this written review here:https://youtu.be/2SQEBNz-_SYI’ve never really been one for adventure games. For some reason, pointing and clicking my way through a story just never really gelled with me the way it does some people. And that’s a shame because I know I’m missing out on some classic titles such as Day Of The Tentacle, Grim Fandango, the Myst series, The Neverhood, The Monkey Island series, Full Throttle, the Leisure Suit Larry series, the Kings Quest series, Planescape: Torment, Sanitarium, I Have No Mouth And I Must Scream, the Sam + Max series, or even Phantasmagoria…to name a few. For me, I have a patience problem when it comes to games like this. If I get stuck, I get flustered. When I get flustered, I get impatient. When I get impatient, I stop thinking logically. When I stop thinking logically, I halt all progress in my game. When that happens, I either quit and don’t come back for a while or I look up a walkthrough. That’s me. Criticize it if you must, but that is who I am.For the purpose of reviewing the absolute astronomical backlog of my Steam library, as well as the folder of independent games I have separate from that, as well as the various games I have on physical CD, I’m not going to lie when I say I powered through 1953: KGB Unleashed. Every time I got stuck, I had a walkthrough ready to get me out of the sometimes embarrassingly easily-solvable problems I had. Not because it’s a bad point-and-click style adventure game, but because it’s not usually the kind of genre I’d find myself playing, let along reviewing. And if I want to get through this backlog, I can’t be wasting my time trying to figure it out on my own if I seriously don’t know what to do. Is that compromising the integrity of my journalism? When I heard about The Secret Of Monkey Island 2’s “ Monkey 2 Lite” difficulty mode, which streamlined the entire game and either held your hand when solving puzzles or just took you right past ones that were intended to be solved, my reaction was a hearty, “Great!”. The back of the box even states that this mode was perfect for game reviewers. Many might take this as an insult, but I don’t care. My point is a matter of preference. I’m not the type to be reviewing these types of games. Yet I wasn’t going to skip over 1953, because since it was in my library, I had to give it a shot. I don’t know why I bought it, but I did. Better get my money’s worth. I think it was on sale one day and it looked interesting, so I picked it up. Damn Steam sales will be the death of me.I’ll give credit to Phantomery Interactive, they’ve created a really nice atmosphere in this Soviet bunker you find yourself in at the beginning of the game. Each environment is very well drawn and/or rendered, so the eye-candy is on a good level here. The sound mixing is also done very well. The voice acting is the lone hiccup here, which is an odd one because your character sounds very Midwestern United States-y for a native Russian. Even if they couldn’t spend much in terms of voice actors, even just having someone do a bad Russian accent would have been better in this situation, because each time the main character speaks to himself it just takes you right out of the well-crafted Russian atmosphere you’re in, which you don’t want to happen because the environment and its atmosphere is the best part about this game. The puzzles had me stuck on more than one occasion, and not without good reason. A couple require a heightened ability to comprehend how some things are supposed to work. My dumbed-down description of them speaks to how different they are. There’s not a whole lot of fetching-missing-objects-in-order-to-fix-plot-devices-type adventuring here. In the first ten minutes of the game, I had to repower a generator by flipping switches in what looked like a parallel-wired control panel on the floor. I guess I had to flip the right switches that matched the voltage on the generator itself, but each switch had its own numbers that made no sense to me and that was the first time I had to consult a Youtube walkthrough. There’s another one similar to that later in the game, and getting between those comprehension puzzles is no big deal, it’s just that I can only fiddle around with switches for so long before I get impatient and immediately look up the solution. I tried to play this game as straight as I could, I really did, but I don’t make these connections as well as other people who love adventure games do. It’s a wonder that I got out of The Connection alive.So with the help of a walkthrough, I got to experience the mystery of this bunker and….it wasn’t a real compelling one. The majority of the exposition was delivered through files and papers you happened across in the different rooms, save for a couple of flashbacks to previous events playing out in the same room you happened to find yourself in. And usually after you’ve done some important puzzle and return to the hallway that connects many of the rooms together, a voice will come on the loudspeaker, speaking directly to you about some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, and then you’d expect to regain control of your game but for some reason you just linger there for about ten seconds before you’re able to move around again. Did they want some extra time for the man in the loudspeaker’s words to sink in? Because I’ll be honest with you, I didn’t really listen to him.But at least there’s the added intrigue of who this guy is, and you have another objective to go along with getting the hell out of this bunker. The story moves along and takes a little twist before the end, but even when you find an exit of some sort (and this is probably considered a spoiler, but you have a right to know before you put 3 or so hours into this game)…absolutely no resolution is offered after your escape. Why were you there? What is to come of all this laboratory testing and disease research? Is anybody else who was there before even still alive? None of this is answered. Instead, the main character tells you how he lives out the rest of his life, completely neglecting to mention if he followed up on this mystery or just counted his blessings and left that for somebody else to figure out. It’s a real odd choice to end a story like that, offering little to no explanation, and it almost completely nullifies all the time I spent getting this American guy out of a KGB bunker. So much care seems to have been put into actually creating the game, it’s a wonder why they didn’t dream up a story to match that level of effort.So if you really like adventure games, this is a competent one. But view it as an exercise for your point-and-click adventure game capabilities, because according to the game itself, that’s not the focus here."
,Recommended,248490,14940606,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Vergilius,"It has very dark and dreadful atmosphere. Some puzzles are a bit irrelevant but apart from that, point and click adventure players will definitely like it."
76561198057650867,Not Recommended,248490,15061243,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Samwise Genji,"Great atmosphere, but poor execution beyond that. The storyline in particular became a huge letdown."
,Recommended,248490,13220869,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,sleep tight catto,"Great gameEven though most of the puzzles were frustsrating to complete, the end result was sufficient enough. Also learned a lot about the USSR, great way to expand your knowledge about the Soviets and thier way of life too.9/10, glitchy and would crash occasionally, but its content and captivating story line prevailed"
,Recommended,248490,19933142,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,FrozenFood,great point and click gamevery atmosphericno jumpscares
,Recommended,248490,20386737,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,xDeProfundis,"7/10Pretty short for my taste, the graphics aint the best but the atmosphere is awesome. I enjoyed the riddles, they are not overly challenging but you have to sit down on some and think, which unlikely on some other games isnt the case anymore.It is worth a play for sure."
76561198054644116,Not Recommended,248490,26309052,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,f.f.o.fallings,Well... No horror at all. Short story with no possible end on Windows 10.So close to the end with no hope to finish the f..ing game.Just do not lose your time and money - come past it and do not keep your look on it for too long... It'll devastate you...
,Not Recommended,248490,26322008,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Rymdkatten,"Great atmosphere, but way too short, finished it in 2.5 hours."
,Recommended,248490,31558900,Posted: 5 May,all,Bomb1ng / Intercognito LANQ^,"KGB Agents Most Dangerous Quests from Government, they Riskate for Safe and Guarding People of Country.Art about this Greatest Persons it is Gift in tresure of Civilization, how Game, Poetry, Books, Video Clips, Cinema.Subtitres invisible of Steam of Life Continents, Humans, and Peace today - it is deal of this Social Institute. thxBest"
76561198096741956,Not Recommended,248490,33497713,Posted: 13 July,all,[USSR] BoomerRetrive2,"The game is pretty cool and the atmosphere makes it kinnda spooky but the ending is like a 3rd graders attempt at writting:""And out of nowhere a subway tunnel appeared and the nice man escaped and lived happily ever after"""
