user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198018674119,Recommended,248450,13049817,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Phixote,"(Minor spoilers, but it's more a setting than a plot so I'm not ruining much)I remember picking up this game for five dollars, and a friend preordering X-Rebirth for me at about seventy.One was an unpolished mess of a program, an atrocity to gaming filled with every single rookie mistake from all of the ♥♥♥♥♥iest indy developers, and an insult to the entire space sim/adventure genre the other was Salvation Prophecy.(Yes I know X-Rebirth is at least playable now but this was at launch)Salvation Prophecy is kind of like a very very simplified Mount & Blade, IN SPACE!You start as a grunt, and this is what I love about the game, I mean a grunt grunt, you are no one to anybody, you don't have a ship or a sweet gun or even a seperate character model. So when you work your way up to commander of your entire race it feels like you've earned it, and the journey feels so much better.The game takes a bunch of themes and ideas and actually blends it together quite well, I'm surprised this game was able to be at all fun given the scope of the game and the indie developer.First off you got your ground battles. These are fun because each faction requires a (semi) different plan of attack.Salvation? Maybe try getting into melee range so you can beat the crap out of them without worrying about their shields.Free Nations? They're the Jack-Of-All trades for this setting, with pretty good speed, melee, and firepower, but nothing to special of their own. Try using your factions unique abilities to get the edge.Drone Unity? Keep your distance and try to pick them off that way. They're slow, so strafe/flank them.Wyr? Target the guys placing the turrets first so you don't get overwhelmed. Use AOE to try damaging them and their turrets as well.Aliens? AH ♥♥♥♥ FIRE EVERYTHING HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥Next is your space battles, which offer much less complexity. All ships fire the same missiles and have the same attack patterns, but the general battling is still fun.Third is bounty hunting, which are space battles, except the targets are all different and have different abilities, and you have to find your mark and take him on alone. Shakes it up a little, and its cool to unleash your inner Space Cowboy (actually this kind of ends like Cowboy Bebop too) but they're the same bounties for all factions, and I don't get that at all.Why does the Drone Unity care about some guy desecrating corpses? Last I checked I'm exterminating the human race, shouldn't I hire this guy instead?Fourth is when you become leader of your faction, and that's awesome, because it turns into a (albeit simple) strategy game where you can still go in with your troops and fire lasers at robots. You then invade colonies to secure resources, build up your defenses to protect your own from others, destroy billion dollar enemy space stations, and generally try to ruin everyone elses' day.Fifth is when you investigate spooky wormholes and alien planets, trying to piece the titular Salvation Prophecy together and collecting runes that give you sweet powers during land battles.Ever wanted to summon a space T-Rex to destroy those murder-bots threatening the human race? Well goddamn it, SP is your game.The time before the end game is where the game both comes alive and screeches to a halt. Just when you've almost either negotiated peace with, or exterminated all other factions, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥aliens invade! Easily tougher than all the other factions combined, threatening your planets and stations.Did you let each faction have their own system and negotiate peace, so that you would have three friends to help you fight this threat?Did you, like me, exterminate all other races and RULE THE GALAXY? Then congratulations, you have all the resources in the universe to help you fight the alien menace, alone.The game comes alive here at first because you probably haven't finished dealing with all the factions yet, so for a while you're fighting aliens on one side and kill-droids on another, and that's exciting.It screeches to a halt, however, when you've finished everything you need to do and are just waiting for the damn plot to advance and your cartographer to find the final wormhole. Eventually you get bored because there are so many aliens and fighting them takes so long, and the portals respawn so fast it's almost a joke. You just wait for them to destroy another base so you can rebuild it again and cut your lossess.The plot is alright, although it's more of a setting really, and the setting is interesting, revealed little by little throughout war with other factions.The game is also really atmospheric, the alien planets have an absolutely existential-horror level of isolation in a hostile environment. Here's a fun game, pan the camera out as far as you can and maybe turn the music off on either the third or final alien world, it's downright spooky I tell you, especially when you're playing as a human. And all the  planets in the home galaxy are also unique artistically but really boring. You don't get a sense that that is where people live and work to get resources or anything like that. Same for the stations.What I like about this atmosphere is that you can mute the background music and make your own atmosphere whenever you want. And whatever music you play will fit no matter what, leading to absolutetly ♥♥♥♥ing awesome results.Shooting lasers back and forth between humans and drones and want to jack up the intensity? Pendulum.Flying around hunting space bounties? How about the Cowboy Bebop soundtrack?Want to act like the smooth rogue you are? Shooting down ships and conquering planets like it isn't a problem? Some electric funk or electro swing, This Head That I Hold did it for meDrifting through space and feeling contemplative? Throw on Sad MachineHeading through a wormhole to an alien planet billions of lightyears away and want to awaken your soul and attempt to understand the very essence of the universe? Moonchild.Final boss? Queen or Dragon Force, send that alien to hell with maximum style!Really experiment with this, the enjoyability goes up a hundred fold with some music, and the possibilities are endless.Problems are that it eventually gets really repetitive, so maybe take a break every once in a while.Second is that it has no sort of quick battle select, which sucks. So in order to do a fun part I liked I'd have to restart the entire game and work back to the part I want to play. And dammit sometimes I just want to get high and shoot some robots with laser guns.Third is that towards the end game you're basically just drifting around for like an hour waiting for the plot to advance.Fourth is that every planet and station feels empty. I don't see anyone just living in the faction, or even what day-to-day life would be like for them, this was especially apparent for the humans. And all the stations are the same inside for each faction, so that's dull, but given the budget I don't really mind.But it's just a fun fun fun game full of robots, laser-guns and laser swords, aliens, and space battles. Totally worth buying, maybe get it on sale, but I don't think you'd regret it if you payed full price either."
,Recommended,248450,10257266,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Kail,"This game is a flawed gem.  It's definitely unpolished, but unique and interesting in it's own way.  If you're looking for a really smoooth, AAA title, you might want to look elsewhere, but I had a lot of fun with Salvation.The game is basically a war game.  You choose to play as a soldier in one of four factions, but the gameplay structure is the same for all four.  Starting out in a space station that functions as a shop / hangar / communication hub, you get missions that fall in to one of two types: on foot, or in space.  The ""on foot"" missions are pretty simplistic third person shooting sections where you run around a field and blow up buildings and enemies.  Each race has three weapons: a melee weapon, a ranged weapon, and a special weapon (like an energy shield or a bomb launcher).  Space missions put you in the cockpit of your space fighter, and generally play like a simplified version of a space shooter, similar to something like Rogue Squadron or Strike Suit Zero.The game is technically open world in that you can go anywhere, land on any planet and walk around, but since there's a war happening in real-time in the background, there's not a lot of time to explore.  Completing missions gets you rank points (which give you promotions to advance your career) and money, which you use to upgrade your gear for the ""on foot"" sections and your spaceship.  You can also get skill points to level up your character.  However, there isn't a lot of customization here.  Each faction has only one character model, which you can't change (humans can choose a few different skin tones), and one spaceship model, which also never changes.  You can't even change your name, as far as I could find, even though it's just a text string.  And while you can level up your character, you'll generally get all the upgrades in the game in one playthrough.  This isn't inherently a bad thing, just bear in mind that you won't be able to, say, play a stealthy commando one run and a patient sniper the next or anything.Moment to moment gameplay tends to be pretty shallow.  The ""on foot"" sections are pretty straightforward, just move the cursor over the enemy, hold the trigger, and use a healing item when you get low on health.  Space combat is pretty similar, although movement is slightly more complicated, you're still just pounding on enemy shields and popping a shield recharging item when yours get low.  Annoyingly, enemies also get health/shield restoring items, meaning that a lot of fights tend to be drawn out affairs where you beat an enemy down to five or ten percent health and he pops a potion and heals back to 100, so you beat him down to five or ten percent again and he pops a potion and heals back to 100, so you beat him down again, and so on, until he runs out of regen items.  It's pretty basic stuff, but it does get the job done.Once you get to max rank, you become your faction's leader, and can direct where you want attacks to focus on, as well as what buildings to build on colonies and so on.  This isn't as game changing as it sounds, though, because you can't really control if you win or lose a battle except by going there and killing everyone yourself, and since you can't have more than one attack going at once, you may as well join in on the battle anyway.  However, enemies can still attack your bases while you're out, so progress tends to be irregular.  You may get back from conquering one planet only to find you've lost two somewhere else.  Or, sometimes, none, since the AI's decision making seems to be random instead of adhering to a specific strategy or anything.  The endgame does get a bit annoying, too.  Story events basically negate the progress you made in the game up to that point, and the challenge ramps up, except ""challenge"" in this game means massive waves of enemies with titanic health pools that take forever to burn through.But I don't want to exaggerate the negatives, this game is a lot of fun, especially early on.  You advance in rank fast, earning new abilities and upgrades fairly quickly, but never so quickly that you feel overwhelmed.  The UI is clunky and ugly, but straightforward and easy to learn.  And one of the really great things this game does is gives a sense of scale: you're usually going in to combat with 20 other allies, so you feel like a small part of a large team, rather than some unbeatable lone wolf, which is a neat feeling.  On those occasions when you do have to do something solo, that aspect always made it feel special to me, making that jump without a swarm of allies around me felt more dramatic and tense because of their absence.In terms of graphics and sound, this game is pretty inconsistent, as indie titles often are.  There are a few good bits, a lot of the models look fairly nice.  But as a whole, the art direction is hit and miss, there are issues with lighting and materials, the environments are very low detail, and so on.  Outer space is full of asteroids and fights take place at point-blank range, making the galaxy feel small and cramped, while ground fighting is almost all on a slightly hilly outdoor map with few decorations or geological features making it feel barren and empty.  The UI, as I mentioned above, is functional, but clunky to use (especially if you have to use it in combat) requiring a lot of extra clicks and wasting a lot of space.  Animations are inconsistent, with some of them being fairly good (the sexy swagger of a Salvation officer) some of them being really bad (the derpy run cycle of a Drone Unity soldier) and a lot of them being flat out missing (like any kind of forward diagonal movement animation, your character just animates like he's running straight forward and drifts to the side).  The audio is serviceable, but doesn't really stand out.  The game does run at a nice framerate, though, and never crashed or ran in to any other technical problems during my playthrough.Overall, this is almost a poster child for indie titles.  The lacklustre graphics and shallow gameplay are made up for by the fact that this game tries to produce an experience that's mostly fun and unique.  It's full of issues that a larger studio could probably have fixed, but the quirky nature of it's core gameplay produces an experience that a more polished title probably wouldn't match.  Overall, I can't recommend it to everyone, but I definitely had a lot of fun with this game."
76561197991137016,Not Recommended,248450,8012013,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Wild Dog,"***WARNING SPOILER ALERT***When I first started playing this game I thought it would be the game I had long waited for.  A space type game where you both command and fight, both in space and land.  Although it wasn't quite what I had hoped it to be after playing for a little while, I still enjoyed the concept, and enjoyed playing it.  When I became the faction leader I proceeded to concentrate on expanding my Empire while gradually destroying my enemies.  I was doing really good, and then came the alien invasion.  From that point forward it was a full time struggle just to survive and rebuild against their attacks while waiting for the storyline to continue.  But I thought to myself, ""Well, once I destroy the alien invasion I can go back to finishing the game by defeating my opponents"", and decided to see the alien invasion as a good late game variable as it did cause powers to shift, and even allow one faction that was all but destroyed to make a comeback.  So I procedeed to follow the storyline which led to the solo attack against the alien mothership, which took about 4 attempts, then landed on the alien homeworld and defeated the ""Boss"" alien.  And then the game ended, apparently with me sacraficing my life to destroy the alien homeworld.  So really, once the alien invasion occured, the only objective left in the game is to survive long enough to defeat the alien mothership and Boss on the alien homeworld.  Because of this, I was left very disapointed, since the game turned from a changing dynamic of a power struggle to defeat everybody else, to a very narrow storyline of survive long enough for the final battle that ends the game.  Overall, would not recomend this game."
76561198007554934,Recommended,248450,7391955,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,melkathi,"Salvation Prophecy is a good example of how the whole can be greater than its parts. Or something like that. This is an Indy Game made by a person who wanted to create a space game that explored galactic conflict in a way AAA titles wont. The vastly different types of gameplay mean that none are as detailed as a game would be that concentrates on that one aspect. But every part of the game is enjoyable and together made for a fun package. So while the third person shooter part has been done way better in other games, I will still run to the dropship to support the rest of the Salvation troops in the planetary invasion of a Drone colony. And I will join the rest of the Salvation fleet to defend our space station from the Wyr. And having to navigate hyperjumps and wormholes add that unexpected depth.Yes the graphics are dated. Then again, we don't play indy games for the graphics but for the innovation.So while this game isn't for everyone, those who want this game may just realize it is exactly the game they want ;)"
,Recommended,248450,12708963,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,afulop5195,"I've only played the game for about 15 hours but I absolutely love it.  I imagine certain aspects of the game would get repeatative if that's what you focused on but the real beauty of the game is the diversity of play.  I've had a good mix of gameplay so far.  Huge land battles assaulting enemy ground installations, space battles assaulting space stations, exploring alien planets on foot, and hunting down dangerous pirates in space.Most recently I've achieved the highest rank and opened up some of the 4X style gameplay.  I'm now able to allocate resources towards colony and fleet building as well as dictate where and when my faction will strike next.  THIS is where the game truly gets awesome.Early on I enjoyed the diverse missions but got a little frustrated with how stupidly my faction would chose targets.  We lost a lot of ground that way.  We'd lose colonies, lose space stations while I was on other missions.  It did however add to a sense of urgency to the gameplay.At first I didn't like that galactic events happened realtime, but after putting in a number of hours it's become one of the better features in my opinion.  It adds life to the game; if you sit on your hands and do nothing, your faction's holdings will be crushed.  I get to really see my contribution in a way no other game I've played is able to show.Overall I gotta say it's an amazing game.  I wish there were more games like it, but as far as I've seen, it is the only of its kind."
76561198036212216,Recommended,248450,7789903,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Ameretat,"It's nothing super fancy, but I enjoyed the ride. Considering the size of the team (Which you should look up, it's surprising!) it was a great job. Perhaps a sequel with a bigger budget will come eventually, which'd be amazing based on this."
,Recommended,248450,7452014,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Ozzi,The combat is clunky on the ground but in space it's good and once you reach the rank of your faction commander that's where the real fun starts as a Sci-Fi Epic simulator. You get to make the missions from the space station your on to attack an enemey station or planet colony and you also have to keep tabs on your stations and colonys to make sure to go and spend your resources wisely.
,Not Recommended,248450,9255408,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Shapeshifters,"This game tries to do a whole lot, but accomplishes none of it.Now I admit, I was hooked at first and the idea and concept of it was amazing to me that you could work your way up from a grunt to faction commander. So amazed that I immediately spent my money on it blindly, justhopingI would get something good out of it atleast. For a good while I most certainly did. However, the game becomes too simple and boring very quickly: There is one gun type, one soldier type, and one spaceship type,and thats it. There is no variation in this game at all. The only variation are the different races which all are basically the same thing with the same progression, but different abilites, statistics, and some different models. There is just no substance at all to this game, and it leaves you wanting so much more to everysingleaspect of it.All the ground battles are essentially the same ground battle with varied models, and sometimes they just reuse the same models for different things. Space combat is the same thing essentially, though I admit it is fun for awhile because its got some neat mechanics. Theres somewhat of a fake sense of progression to it that bases get upgrades and ships get upgrades but once all the upgrades are upgraded it is once again just bland. The epic story-line makes it exciting for awhile but then once you get past all the prophecy nonsense its just this really bland game with terrible animations and it just feels half-baked. I'm not the kind of person who cares much about graphics either, its better to have great gameplay and terrible graphics I always say, but this game doesnt have either. The only thing interesting about the gameplay like I said was the prophecy story-line which has a bunch of puzzles, and a nice little sense of discovery that made you feel like you were unearthing something nobody ever knew about, but all it ammounts to is some more half-baked abilities to aid ground battles.Once you get past the main gimic of the ranking system and you make it to faction-commander you realize just how boring this game is: Being faction commander is not really any different than being the lowest on the totem pole. You don't get to create or leave your own mark on anything in this game, you dont get to customize your character, you dont get to build bases, or try different strategies in battle. Nope. The only thing you get to do as faction commander is tell your guys where to have their next monotonous ground or space battle, which you still have to go fight and essentially win for them by yourself. You dont even get to make a larger fleet of troops or ships, nope just what you've always been fighting with, that or less, which why on earth would you ever want to do that? You dont even get to command your troops in battle, except for telling them to make a retreat.No customer service what-so-ever either, no updates, nope this is considered a ""finished product"" though it doesnt feel finished at all. You won't be getting any more out of your 20 bucks than the crap thats already on the table with this one.My opinion? Don't waste your money. You can take in all this game has to offer from the screenshots above, and actually playing it wont get you very much more out of it."
,Recommended,248450,32115794,Posted: 1 June,all,Brintloۣۣۣۜۜ ۣۜ,"well what i can say...i never thought that this game would be that good...The graphics look like from a game made during the 2000's but when i read that this game was made by only one developer; i gave it a try.With completing missions you will get rank points; when enough points,promotion to the next higher rank.....with every promotion you will get more content.However this game is a sci-fi-battle sim(in space & on planets) & it has a story...ignore what other say; it has enough content.Pos:-great space-fights-balanced-easy archievements(just play the game & just do everything)-planet fights are like mount & blade 2500+ ad-4 different races with different skills-no bugs in space(only sometimes on planets)-/+ the player is sometimes overpowered(he can win a match against 10+ even if his whole team is dead)cons:-graphics-not many dialog options9/10"
76561198035652872,Recommended,248450,9103173,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Gloomygrim,"K for an indie game this is well made.  good controler support, decent textures, models and animations, some are a bit wooden lookin but its nothing that will slow you down much.  The tutorial is quick, detailed and leave syou able to run play away without thinkin hang on what the hell am i ment to do with that. The ground battles are fun enough, reminds me of a slimmed down and less grindy (thankfully) version of the old star wars battle front games. space combat is pretty fun,  fast enough to not be dull and not to slow and grindy to be boring, having an equipment screen and more weapons and gear is nice, adds a little more flavour to fighting, same with kitting out your ship.The bad for me nothing, some people may not like the graphics as there not AAA standard, again this is an indie game, so expecting AAA quiality graphics is just dumb.To the creator/s  nice job and good luck with future games.in all its a good fun, decent game, thats well worth a look at and defo worth a play"
,Recommended,248450,13507759,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,"BootRecords, M.Sc.","Salvation Prophecy is an enjoyable space game that starts out as an action game with slight RPG elements but at some point suddenly becomes a strategy survival (kind of) game.For the content this game packs, it can be played through fairly quickly (took me about 12 hours, although I mostly neglected bounty hunting that run). Still, however, some parts of the game become repetitive quickly, and it is especially annoying that later in the game you still have to partake in the same kinds of missions you take on in the beginning. The only difference then basically is that you're in control of where these missions take place, but delegating (as you would expect to be able in a commanding position) is not a thing here.Story-wise the game is very linear and simple, but that's okay. The only irks I have with the storyline are that towards the end it often takes longer than necessary for the next story mission to show up.TL;DR: All in all, this game is quite enjoyable overall. It's certainly got its share of shortcomings, so I wouldn't recommend it for full price, but at any discount you're getting yourself a solid game woth spending some time with."
76561198073252517,Recommended,248450,18582709,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Galinet,"Very nice game.  There's a three-fold progression.First the tutorial, which takes you through the basics of the game: moving and shooting.Next comes the progression to commander, where you take missions to gain ranks, either invading a planet, attacking a space station, defending a space station or bounty hunting.  In addition to spending money on upgrading your ship and your soldier, you also gain skill points and partake in the Prophecy missions.Finally, once you attain the rank of commander, YOU decide what YOUR faction will do next.  You can exterminate another faction's colony to build your own, which earns you resources, or attack another faction's space station to make room for your own.  This has a 4x feel to it.Once you get into the game, it becomes difficult to stop playing."
,Not Recommended,248450,14333238,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Ryan,"I really want to like Salvation Prophecy. It has an amazing concept, a really good storyline with two distinct endings, and plenty of great lore. However, I can't like it. The beginning of the game? Awful. It's mostly grindy, you feel very not powerful, and the like. The middle? Amazingly fun, complex tactical simulation. The ending? Tedious, and even more grindy than the beginning. Without spoiling anything, you can spend the entire game carefully building up an entire empire only to watch it be tore down, with little you can do. Some of the most fun I've had in recent gaming history has been in the middle section of this game, but I honestly don't feel like I can recommend it.In addition to my other hesitations, the game is very glitchy. There are also missions exclusive to sections of the game, with know way of knowing in advance which missions will vanish. I had to replay the campign just to get some achievements that I missed because I didn't realize the missions would be inaccessible later. The graphics are also wanting, with absolutely no customization available -- and it definitely feels like it's missing.Overall, Salvation Prophecy is an amazing attempt. I feel like if it had been given the funding it needed, it could have become an amazing game, similar in caliber to the other space epics but distinct, bringing its own unique perspective on the space sim. But it wasn't. It felt far too much like an indie game that desperately wanted to become something mainstream, it just needed the funding."
,Recommended,248450,11621615,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Ipax,"Got it for 5 bucks, not really hoping a great game...I was wrong, this game is awesome, reminds me of Star Wars : Battlefront 2, with no vehicles but with strategy and open worldWhenever it's on sale, don't even hesitate, it will be worth every dollar"
,Recommended,248450,9887622,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Carlos Danger,"6.5/10PROS:Interesting writting and dialougeDecent gameplayBeautiful graphics and designCons:Bad voice actingAI is not as great as it could beNeutral:Control scheme is a bit odd, but learnable and becomes intuitiveIt's an indy with the ambition of a AAA. It succeeds in some its goals, fails in others, and yet I somehow still have to give an approve (if barely) for this game. It has a charm to it, sort of that 90's early 2000 charm to it. The dialouge had me genuinely laughing (But christ that voice acting was bad) and I was interested in why each race was fighting to the death. For $5 it was worth a go. Will change my review as I progress in the game."
76561198068147925,Recommended,248450,9063290,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Frishhawk,"This game has filled a Wing Commander-sized hole in me.It's two games in one, really, the best part of which is a ship-based combat one, which is very reminiscent of Wing Commander. That alone makes the game worthwhile for me.The other half of the game is a third-person shooter.  That half reminded me of the Star Wars Battlefront games, though in combat alone.  No respawning, but that's okay.  It's simple enough that you're not going to do much dying, anyway.If classic spaceship combat is your bag, then pick up this title."
76561197981548323,Recommended,248450,9940332,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Shonkawakan,"One of the best games i played here, i must admit. Simplistic yet very fascinating.Beat it 4 times on full hard\autaims off, 2 more - spared the final couple hours for the nearest future to avoid killing the final bunch of bots too often, and at least two more times are about to happen soon.And all done by now only took about 2\3 of time on my record. Yet i wouldn't say it's too short, it's just about optimal time expenditure.There are 4 diffirent competing playable factions(differed by weapons and skills), one major enemy showing up at the end. All gameplay is nice tough fast-paced action on land and in space(on fightercraft). Completing missions and helping allies brings cash and exp. points(both depending in rate on how well you perform) to develop your skills, improve your space fighter ship and buy better weapons. Minimum dialogues and other waste of time. The story is simple yet rather abstract than dull, and you actually don't care about it, waiting or looking for the next bunch of enemies to deal with.Besides, flying spacecraft includes two mini-game-like processes when moving at long distances.All this game's missing i'll easily find in many others yet i can't even remember a game to compare with what it possesses of. It's rather meditation than just a gameplay.The game's very well made. Nice picture, nice controls, no bugs, nice balance on full hard.Strongly recommended to anyone aware of the true value of the above mentioned features, 10\10 and screw any cavils of its simplicity.PS to developpers. Thanks for the nice game! And if you ever think about crafting the SP2, please mark retaining the SP1's gameplay pace as your top priority!)"
,Recommended,248450,31210509,Posted: 17 April,all,jmcone,"So Very Promising... Yet It Trips Up At The EndSalvation Prophecy has some pacing problems. The beginning of the game is grating, working your way through the first few missions on land with no freedom. Then, suddenly, the game opens up with the addition of fighters and space dogfights. Easily the middle section is the best, hunting down bounties, destroying space stations and investigating mysterious wormholes. But then suddenly it all blows up in your face at the end, as you are in the middle of fighting the other space-faring nations as the leader of your faction. The ending of the game completely destroys pacing and ruins it for me; the horrible, ceaseless battles against an overpowered enemy frustrating and tedious.So why do I still recommend this game?Because I enjoy the lore behind the game, for one. I like learning about the android Wyr, the militaristic Drone Unity, the human Free Nations and the Salvation's prophecy.Because the space battles are just so much fun when you are fighting an equally matched enemy, that doesn't come back every five minutes and drain your resources.Because the middle game is some of the most fun I've ever had with a space-faring game, and it checked many of the boxes I wanted from a game like this - to be a cog in the machine, to be involved in large-scale galaxy wars, to dive and twist and turn around, to fire missiles, to upgrade my ship, to be promoted, to become somebody.And so I do recommend this game, but it comes with a warning.The invasions at the end of the game take far too long to overcome, and their ceaseless repetition with barely any respite in between battles were rather irksome. But should you want an awesome dogfighter, a ground-warfare game, a game of galactic conquest, a game of occasional puzzle-solving, of alien-world delving, then Salvation Prophecy is right for you.I just wish I could recommend it more highly.jmcone'sPersonalrating:Recommended"
,Recommended,248450,13462460,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,RockstarCRO,"Welcome to Star Trek Online minus the ability to dodge. It will drive you nuts but not nuts enough to not buy the game (for a sale price of course :).The tutorial first and fore most is great. Absolutely, it will walk the gamer through everything you need to know and will even politely say where to go next.As stated, this game is essentially STO. You are able to walk around your station (and other planets) and participate in raids or a take over of a planet. There are two aspects to the game : 3rd person over the shoulder and controlling a spaceship. The spaceship aspect is pretty cool as you get to be in control of space jumps. There will be missions where the player will need to travel quite a distance in a short period of time. This is done by initiating wormholes or the jump drive. This in itself is a mini-game that could potentially make the game better, or drive someone nuts. The player is also able to take part in major fleet missions involving destroying another rivals space station. This game is very controller friendly and make navigating through wormholes and warp jumps easy. This game does a good job allowing you to control exactly where you go - however some may find wormholes and the warp jumps annoying. Armor, stim packs, and even weapons for your character become modifiable. You are also able to choose between 4 races.I got this game as a gift and would likely only buy on sale. I would rather play Star Trek Online though as I feel it has more depth to it. This game tries but that little extra freedom of being able to walk around your own ship or wherever is not there. The gameplay itself (movement and action) is alright at best. A lot more could have been done in these regards. I mean cmon, you get to invade a planet!RATING : 7/10GameplayB-Story / CampaignBVisuals / User InterfaceB-Sounds / MusicB-Replay-abilityC+OverallB-"
,Recommended,248450,13776047,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Pirran,"Thoroughly enjoying this game, despite some small flaws. The graphics are sub-par and the difficulty spike in the first space battles is extreme, but the gameplay is enjoyable and I don't think it deserves as many of the negative reviews as it has. If it's on sale, I highly recommend buying this game, though I personally wouldn't pay over $10USD for it."
,Not Recommended,248450,12405960,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,ActionOfLost,"The ThoughtI try, trust me, I try to love this game, but the repetitive nature of it but my fun at a stop. The fact that the game was developed by only one guy merit my money and the 6 hours I got out of it I did not regret, BUT I would not recommend this game for the general mass, I think you really need to know with what you messing with. If the budget where there and a team would have work on it it could have been a masterpiece but for now is just a great game made by a single person.The GoodFor a solo job, you can only admired the result.3 Faction, TPS, space battle, RPG element, RTS element.The ambiance is great.The BadLook dated.Redundant gameplay.Weird twist on the difficulty.Almost no difference between the 3 faction."
76561198031432239,Recommended,248450,9126046,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,^1S^3v^2I^0r^6O^5o^1Z,"This game reminds me of older games I used play when I was much younger. Games like Privateer or  XCOM: Ufo enemy unknown  or Battlezone 2 ect.  Games that, compared to todays standarts, might and truthfully probably would be found lacking in animation or graphics, but at the same time making up for it with amazing playability, ingenuity and above else a lot of freedom of choice. Games that seemingly might not have much to offer for todays players, but end up sucking up new players in the plot and gameplay with a gravity matched only by that of a black hole :).It's the same with this game. I love the fact that this game connects so many different playing styles: ground combat, space combat ect.  Don't get me wrong, there are quite a few issues that should be adressed, but the game itself is a fresh wave of air in todays mainstream game industry and I'm pretty confident that the sequel, enriched with better animations, graphics, perhaps more dynamic combat and a bigger world ect. would become one of the greatest bestsellers or all time."
76561198033660424,Recommended,248450,24119192,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,GunnerKelley,"Should every game be judged against the very heights of what gaming can be, given practically unlimited development resources? If you think so, you probably won't enjoy Salvation Prophecy very much.If, however, you're with me in believing that each game's merits should be carefully (even painstakingly) considered ALONE, based on how much was accomplished given its limitations, then this title deserves your attention.Salvation Prophecy mixes genres fluidly and frequently. You'll engage in ship-to-ship combat in space, storm enemy planets filled with bizarre and violent aliens, and strategically select which territories to take over (as in a turn-based strategy game). Hell, just moving from system to system requires you to play a movement mini-game which, while certainly not deep, is an innovative alternative to the boredom of a loading screen. There's even a plot in there somewhere if you pay attention. It's not the most complex thing in the world, but it provides a backdrop of mystery that really kept me interested.This is a budget game, with the drawbacks you'd expect from that. The graphics were outdated when the game was new, the animation is rigid and sometimes hilariously bad, and the writing is, for the most part, so-so. That's all okay, though, because you don't approach this kind of game expecting the highest production value. Approach it expecting a varied, somewhat experimental experience with more character than most big-name IPs of the last six years and you'll get a lot out of it. Add to that the fact that you're helping support a small developer, and it's a total win.Play it."
,Recommended,248450,17045510,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Simolutionist,"I must say, Salvation Prophecy has surprised me in one of the best ways possible. At the first glance, one might expect a rather clunky game, and the graphics aren't exactly top-notch, but so far playing the game has given me great entertainment. Sure, the tutorial can be a bit tedious, but even that part of the game was amusing in my opinion. Furthermore, as soon as I was able to actually leave the space station behind me - for as long as I didn't need to invade anything - I was truly captivated by the atmosphere. And all that combined with the nice main story?Sure, the game has it's flaws. The tutorial is, as I said, tedious, and the final part of the game can be so, too, yet I think it might be meant to be that way, but all in all, I can only find one word to describe my opinion of Salvation Prophecy.Beautiful."
,Recommended,248450,7849564,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,generalzee,"Salvation Prophecy seems to me to be the reaction of a programmer saying ""You know what needs to be redone and improved? Star Wars: Battlefront 2's sandbox mode."" In this persuit there were some successes and some failures.Successes:In general, the game does a good job of making you feel like an important piece in your army, but not necessarily the whole army. If you work with your units rather than doing your own thing you'll be more successful, but it also seems at the end of every battle (especially land battles) that had you not been there, the odds of winning would have been zero.The game takes a while to get warmed up, but once you reach ""Faction Commander"" status, some strategy elements become highly entertaining, Managing resources to create well-placed armies and defences is interesting, and working with or against the other factions is the best part of the game, in my opinion.Space battles are fun, and upgrades for your ship really feel important and obvious (rather than some games where upgrades make such a minor difference you can hardly tell they've been installed). While the space battle system isn't completely intuitive to veteran space simulator pilots, its fairly easy to learn the new rules and becomes a new and interesting challenge. Furthermore, piloting your craft through wormholes and hyperspace turns out to be an important skill, though I do wish that computer players coming out of hyperspace would exhibit some amount of damage, as you often do.Failures:The biggest failure of this game are the land battles which are incredibly repetitive. After finishing a battle you will likely need to take 5 minutes for your trigger finger to relax after it had been held down non-stop for 15 minutes or so. While the factions are each unique, each member of a faction plays practically identically, but perhaps with different skill levels. The game could have added significantly more depth with different weapons (other than ""Standard Blaster, Melee, and Faction-Specific).Some factions are simply better than others. The Salvation, after which the game is named, have an ability to heal themselves, and also have an ability to throw up a reflecting shield making a skilled human player practically invincible. Meanwhile, the amusing Wyr are large targets with almost no defensive capabilities.The main plot of the game is fairly unimaginative. Factions fighting in space, check, prophesy and chosen one, check, inexplicable and inevitable galactic doom, check. I didn't feel like I was very invested in the plot, and the only reason I was motivated to finish it was that if I spent any more time not finishing it, I would have eventually lost.The worst part about the plot was that it was carried through by plot-specific missions which mostly involved you trudging around alien planets toward a puzzle solution. There are alien beasts on these planets, but solo combat basically involves standing there, holding down the ""fire"" button, and waiting. You'll always win, so the monsters seem less like a tactical roadblock and more like a waste of time. I think these missions could have easily been shortened to just the puzzle sections to be much more effective.Some of the mechanisms of the game are also broken. If another faction destroys a third faction's base, its totally within your power to build a new base there instantly, as it is within your power to instantly rebuild any base destroyed by your enemies. This makes losing battles more of a bother than a tactical setback, and it makes winning seem awfully easy. If you're like me, by the time you unlock diplomacy, two of the factions have already been reduced to one or 2 bases, and their surrender is easy to coax.I hesitate to reccomend this game because the issues do keep parts of the game from being fun (especially by the end of your campaign when the last thing you want to do is another damn land battle), but there's also so much good in this game. I would love to see a sequel with some more depth, and maybe a little more production value.If this game is on sale, it is probably worth checking out."
,Not Recommended,248450,30849550,Posted: 31 March,all,S1MUL4CR4,"After 1 or 2 hours into the game, I experienced pretty much everything it had to offer. The gameplay is shallow and repetitive (especially combat), the upgrade system maxes out quickly and offers nothing but stat increases, the writing is pretty horrible (replete with bad poetry and lines like, ""We are the falled ones""), and there is no strategy to the supposedly strategic elements. I finished the game out of curiosity, and while i enjoyed dreaming that I was a lizard for a couple of minutes, that was really the height of my gameplay experience. While the concept of this game looks interesting, it is extremely poorly delivered."
,Recommended,248450,7360329,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Illusori,"What a fun little gem. Don't be put off by the dated looking graphics, this game has a ton of gameplay. Starts out with a simple mass-combat ground assault and every couple of 5-10 minute missions it adds on a new twist.Almost before you know it, you're in charge of the entire war, picking targets, launching strike fleets, building bases, and investigating the prophecy, all with a frenetic fluid gameplay that has you doing something different every few minutes.It's hectic and relentless but never leaves you feeling harried: it's amazingly easy to keep up with the strategic decision-making even in the depths of battle.My one-line description of it is ""Mount and Blade in Space"", if you loved those games but wanted something sci-fi, this might be the game for you."
76561198049600723,Recommended,248450,8057729,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Evil Mansquini,"This is a great game, and I enjoyed playing it. I'm pretty sure other sci-fi fans will enjoy it too."
76561198110589369,Recommended,248450,20941619,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Sanctun,"I have mixed up feelings about this game. While it is filled with very intresting concepts for immersion, there is not actually much to dive in, making the game look a bit lame and some sort of cash grab - honestly, its not even worth half of the price -So what is this game?A: some sort  of creative and lame 4x.Creative and lame?A: yeah. As i said, there are some nice concepts that work immersion wise, like well placed minigames, a constant feed of news and a cliché but solid lore. However, what the game gives with one hand it takes with another:+ deep immersion potential- not much to be immersed with+character progession- it is linear as ♥♥♥♥+Racial diversity-unless you are a die harder, the game style rewards a specific faction while punishes the others. specially late game+a whole galaxy to conquer- the way the war works makes it look like a sophisticated war tug, making fighting pointless as time goes by+build stations and colonize planets- it does not make any sense in game. they are all built like magic the moment you ask them to, regardless of the distance of the rest of your planets. Hell, you can build a station orbiting an enemy colony (?????)+ real time tech up on the galaxy, making the battles more intresting with more elements- they stop happening way too soon and in the end of the day, it just makes the battles last longer+space dog fighting and planetary invasion- fun until certain point ( 10 hours in game id say) after that it is all mechanical and pointlessso on so onim giving it a thumb up because you  can have some fun with it, but buy it at 85% discount, whoever did this game had or no idea how to price it (the graphics are plainly bad and unpolished, the models are soooo lame) or just deliberately made a cash grab... or both, idk."
76561198090711744,Recommended,248450,20920026,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Canglam,Very fun and simple game. Wait for it to be on sale though. The concept of the came is interesting but it can get boring fast. I found this on sale and think that was worth it. Definitely wait for it to be on sale if you are considering getting it.
76561197963373365,Recommended,248450,7485585,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Thundorz,"Combines space combat, planet combat, and exploration to make a pleasant, even addicting game. You do missions, buy upgrades and do plenty of fighting. Later in the game some RTS elements are thrown in to add another dimension to the game. Game is simplified, there really isn't any min/max type of stuff. You just upgrade and forget basically. I have yet to complete the game, but its fun so far."
,Recommended,248450,11203889,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,RolanDecoy,"Beautiful merging of 1st person shooter, space shooter and a dash of space rts. A jewel who's sequel (if any) I cannot wait to see.Starting as a soldier in any of 3 races you provide support in ground combat. Payment? Skillpoints and money. Gain enough skillpoints and get promoted until you get a spaceship so you can also provide support in space battles and do some bounty hunting. Upgrade your equipment as well as your ship and try to destroy or unite the 3 races. There is a 4th race coming and you'll need to focus all your resources on them soon enough.Once you're a faction's leader, you can engage in diplomacy, build space stations and ground structures, train troops, build combat vehicles, plan attacks both in space and on the ground, colonize planets, etc.It's worth taking a look as this is the sort of game you won't see too often."
76561198006446341,Not Recommended,248450,9092208,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,NSA,"Ever since Derek Smart pitched the idea for a sandboxy joint ground and space sim almost 20 years ago, I've been waiting for somebody to pull it off right.  Despite his many attempts, he never did, and neither does this game.It's a very lite space sim combined with an almost Earth Defense Force kind of third person shooter.  Go look at the space screen shots... yep that's as far as the HUD goes: no radar or target lead reticle.  The equipment and skill progression is very poorly paced.  The Mount and Blade-like dynamic war is innovative, but doesn't really mean anything as the races tend to keep a stalemate until you reach the faction commander level.  The writing for the opening and the ""timeline"" pieces are amazing, but almost none of that color reaches the gameplay portions.I got it for 10 bucks, but if I paid more for it, I would have been angry.  Bottom line is that the graphics are circa 2006 and the gameplay is shallow and gets repetitive fast.  It's not a bad game, it's just that there are so many other good games out there you should be playing instead."
,Recommended,248450,24435506,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,linuxpunk,"Ambitious, epic space opera indie gameThis is a great game, made by a indie developer. It has three different gameplays, a third person shooter, a space shooter and a smaller strategy game (as well as 2 minigames when you ""jump"" in space). Not without shortcomings (rather understandable considering the size of the dev team), the game manages to be exiting and fast paced. The races are cool and well thought.It lacks content, in my opinion, and it could get repetitive quickly, but still a great indie game, well worth it's price."
76561198071188507,Recommended,248450,26023580,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,royboy100,Probably not worth 20$ but it is a very fun game that can take serveral hours to play.in a way i guess its an open world you mostly do missions for your faction until you getpromoted to the leader of the faction. although it can be stressful when the rest of yoursquad dies and youre left to win the battle all by yourself.cons (in my opinion):few to no customization (not a problem just everyone looks the same in each faction)can get a little repetitive (also not really randomised atleast not that i can see)Pros:you can be the leader of your factiondiplomancy (only happens when you become leader)very different playstyle of each faction (for the most part)four playable factions
76561198020618991,Recommended,248450,9098493,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,BlackDragon,"This is a good game, which i enjoyed greatly for hours. Offers replayability, and a unique experience each time. The ground battles are awe-inspiring and huge. Charging along side with your fellow soldiers into battle was always a good experience. And this game, hands down, has the best space ship-pilot battles of ANY game. Never have I had such good control over my ship and immersed me into the game. This developer, even with a limited budget, with beyond what he could have done and added a great storyline, that had me into it the entire game. The factions are well thought out and creative, my favorite being the Drone unity. This game has humor in it, as you can interact with other peers with conversations. A Great game and definitly worth the money. 10/10"
,Recommended,248450,7816905,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,The Archduke of Hell,"I enjoy this game, though it tries to incorporate many genres and falls short. Influences of action RPG, space simulator, TPS and grand strategy are present, the RPG side of this game is very poor, it seems to be an after thought and was thrown into the mix just because. The space simulator part is very good, it's fun, easy to get used to, and it's also pretty challanging, the TPS part is on-par with games like EDF, it's fun, but gets really repetetive, and the grand strategy aspect is *okay*, it falls very short, but it doesn't feel out of place.Another thing that may interest players is the planatory exploration, it's fine, though there isn't much to see besides a few aesthetically pleasing scenes.The game loses points how ever due to there being no customization options, a minor complaint, but I'd like to be able to personalize my character, customize and change my ship, select weapons from a larger variety and change my armor, there's also the problem of the story, though it sounds good, the delivery is so damn♥♥♥♥♥♥poor that I enjoy doing the repetetive side missions even more.I rate this game a 6 out of 10, it may fall short in a lot of areas, but it's as fun as hell until it gets repetetive."
,Recommended,248450,7980084,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,go.cua.go,Mass Effect + Dynasty Warriors + Spaceships battle = Salvation Propehcy
,Recommended,248450,7341937,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,War-A-Tron,"Despite the dated graphics, this is a original and good Epic battle simulater - using ships or ground combat etc, with colonies researching addons etc."
,Recommended,248450,7345832,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,Lord Avarice,"Great game, underrated."
76561198130514798,Recommended,248450,11398813,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,amphetamachine,"This game is amazing. It's a space combat sandbox game. You upgrade your ship to kill baddies faster and better in the air. You upgrade your gun to kill baddies better on the ground.The good:- This game is upgrade-friendly, but not in the flash game sense. You're forced to actually stage your upgrades rather than just ""buy what you can afford."" Upgrades are done smartly.- It looks amazing.- It's incredibly fun. You get a real sense of immersion through upgrading your character and progressing, beating more and more drek out of the enemy.The bad:- Sometimes the spaceflight missions are dauntingly hard if you don't know the ""trick"" (spoiler: the trick is mostly going straight for the station's turrets, then the station), leaving you with a derpish AI squad whose main speciality is hurling themselves against turret fire and dying, and not much support in the battle.- Many of the rooms in your home battle cruiser seem empty and not well-designed; the battle command room is the size of a gymnasium and mostly empty except for two guys. Kinda weird.If I were to gauge what sorts of efforts went into this game, it would be 30% overall design [i.e. making sure the game is fun and paced well], 50% engineering [i.e. making sure everything works] and 20% design [i.e. making sure the game looks pretty].Linux compatibility:Overall, the game is a great Linux port which hasn't crashed once on me.Overall:This game is well worth the money. You'll be hooked for hours."
,Recommended,248450,32583546,Posted: 19 June,all,the dark god,"playing as the salavation army felt like some tough charity work, but all and all the game is quite swell."
76561198030384427,Recommended,248450,26272835,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Totally Not Alpharius,"If you happen to find this game on sale, pick it up. It seems that support for it is dead but it's a finished game. No real bugs as far as I can tell.It's essential a third person fps with space combat and eventually strategy. As you rank up in your faction you slowly get to do all these things. I would recommend trying it at least."
76561198028831024,Recommended,248450,9875383,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Zaeblack,"This is an excellent sci-fi action game. Each of the four races require you to use different tactics to win, and they are interesting in their own right. I played this with the xbox 360 controller and it worked great for space and ground combat."
,Recommended,248450,10164822,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Hyjeauq,"What's to love in this game?  Lots of stuff.  You start off as a run-of-the-mill GROPO taking part in planetary invasions as directed by your higher authority.  As you rank up you're given a fighter so that you can take part in space missions.  You buy your upgrades, there's some minor customization on how you get to the end of each faction's 'tech tree'.  At some point you'll become the faction commander.  Now you get to decide where to send your fighters and grunts.All in all.  I had a lot of fun for the 15 hours (currently) I've put into it.  It's a little of everything.  Some base building, some rpg, some third person shooter, some space combat.  The game makes sense it what's it's trying to do.  You want to colonize a planet to get more resources for your faction.  You need to invade the current owners colony and wipe it out first.  Before you can wipe out the colony you need to clear space station and fighters in orbit.  But before you can do that you have to launch the spae invasion fleet from one of your own space stations.  But you have to build the fighters even before that.Okay, don't get intimidated.  It makes sense.  Build your fighters.  Point em at the enemy and launch.  Go with em to make sure they win.  Come back and launch the grunts.  Go with em to make sure they win too.  (Note, as far as I could tell you will never establish numerical superiority--which would be negative for me).  Then build the colony, get it's resources and repeat.Gripes.  Each part of the game has it's own gripes.  When I'm launching an invasion fleet, why can't I luanch multiple invasion fleets from different areas?  Your soldiers/pilots who go with you do their own thing.  You can't give them objectives.  You can't ever esrtablish numerical superiority, even if by launching invasion forces from different stations.  THere are more, but I can't think of them at the moment.  But it comes down to the focus.  Because the focus is wide, it doesn't neccessarily do each part of the game as polished as it could be.Big Gripe:  I played with a controller and two things really irked me.1)The controls were a bit weird.  A B Select and Start didn't follow their usual functions.  As in, A (bottom middle button) = accept/forward, B (far right button) = cancel/back, Select = in-game menu, start = global menu.  Salvation Prophecy has it to be A=Accept/forward/use, B = accept/forward, select = back, global menu, start = in-game menu.  Also, no dedicated button to missles and emp? (missile defense)2)When you accept a call/mission in the fighter it does not pause the game (no gripe there) but it does slow you down to a crawl while you try and figure out why someone keeps calling you every 5 seconds while you're in the middle of a dogfight...which, btw, if you accept said call in the middle of a dogfight you run an 80-90% chance of dying.I have no idea if this holds true for the Mouse/Keyboard controller options.Graphics are dated but not so bad as to detract from the story and what it is you're trying to do.  The map is kind've small, the tech tree is kind've short, there aren't many weapons to choose from, the upgrades for your fighters are kind've short...Through all that, I still really like this game.  While it doesn't do any one thing stellar, taken all together it's a fantastic game.  I hope the developer at some point in the future makes a sequel."
,Recommended,248450,14505575,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Lhama,"Its a good game,i played 8 hours in a row,and didnt became tired of playing it,but i got a better sistem,and didnt downloaded the game again haha:Positive:-fun to play-4 factions,each one with their own beliefs and stats-diplomacy forward other factions-bounty hunting in space-ranks-become a badass space vigilante with reputation-protect the planets of your faction and conquer the enemys planets for resources-great background history-great soundtracks-puzzles-motherfuc**ng powers-you can help allies in space battles if you encounter themnegative:-the gameplay gets a little repetitive some times-if you like badass graphics and etc,to play a game,dont buy salvation,the graphics are tolerable,but not fantastic-your teammates ai is dumb(i aways get solo on a planet invasion because all my platoon got wiped out for being yolo)-the neutral lifeform of some planets dont represent a chalenge-no weapon customization,you can only upgrade them(damage,ammo size etc)-all the npcs are the same as you(humans are all the same,mechs all the same,and etc)-i only get this 2 times,but the game suddenly crash in a space battle-the game is fuc**ng additive to play,removing your notion of timewell, i give this game an 8.5/10 and i definitely recommend salvation,its an awesome game,if you like space games of course."
76561197960463127,Recommended,248450,9059358,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,jimmyg1968,"I've barely scratched the surface after the tutorial.  The graphics are on par with the 90's in a comical way. I just played a land based shooting mission.  If I hadn't played X3 or starpoint gemini I would say it's a decent game.  But, having played those two it is more comical in its execution.  The mechanics are the same as all the other spaceflight sims, FPS, womholes, and starjumps are included as required space sim memes.  So far the conversations are weak.  One actually used the word schnizit when we were going to attack as a fleet.  It's not nearly as complicated as the previously mentioned games.  And the graphics are as two-dimensional as any game from the 90's trying to pose as a 3d game.  For the price, you will enjoy it for a little bit."
76561198057726223,Recommended,248450,8930365,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Odande,Wonderful game. Immersive story and great differences in classes. 3.5/5
,Not Recommended,248450,10001168,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Prosthetic_Mind,"While the gameplay isn't completely terrible depending on the race you play (I beat the game attack drone race which wasn't bad, then tried starting over as the Wyr whose aoe weapon requires you to stand still and charge the distance you're throwing the grenade which makes it practically unusable), late game mechanics are so repetitive that the game isn't really worth playing. As the game goes on the enemies and enemy buildings/turrets/etc become stronger and take more shots to kill, increasing how tedious everything is.After you reach max level and become the leader of your race, you can command attacks on enemy bases and space stations, which you personally have to lead. You can only command one action at a time, which causes everything to move extremely slowly, and you can't combine the forces of multiple stations.The enemy AI isn't that great either, once you power your ship up enough you can repeatedly do attack runs on the enemy station practically unmolested and win the battle while everyone else is flying around shooting each other. Enemy ships don't seem to target you or try to follow you, they just seem to shoot at you if there's nothing else nearby to shoot at. The ground missions aren't a whole lot better, other than the targeting on the enemy turrets is so bad you can just keep slowly strafing and they'll never hit you.All in all, I like the concept behind Salvation Prophecy, but it really needs better enemy AI, better mechanics, and more improvements to your ship that you can make after halfway through the game."
76561198117320108,Not Recommended,248450,9124486,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Nudeturtles,"Salvation Prophecy's vision is clear; put together the strategy, shooter, and space dogfights in space sims into one game. The execution is poor.In the shooter portions of the game you will be riding a dropship down to a planet's surface and killing the opposing force. The foot controlls w,a,s,d to move, right click to aim (no over the shoulder here, it just makes your reticule appear) and left click to shoot. That's it. No crouch, no cover mechanic, just trading fire until you or your opponent die. There are slight variations in the different races weaponry, but their skill trees are all the exact same.dogfights are the better portion of the game. You can fight using three weapons, laser fire, missles, and emp bursts which destroy incoming missles. The fighting is intense and challenging. The real problem with the ship combat is the navigation. to jump from area to area in the game you will need to warp and use black holes. warping is a mini-game in which you will be avoiding electric beams that do damage to your ship. black holes have you flying through a tunnel and avoiding the sides, operation style. often you will have to navigate two or three of each to get to your mission. The black holes are the most frustrating as damage is unavoidable and and you will need to use your healing items before a battle even starts.The strategy portion of the game I never got to and before you cry foul let me explain the ranking system in the game. You will start out as the lowest ranking in your military installation only being able to do shooter missions. after doing a couple of those you will rank up and have access to  star fighter missions and exploration. There are about ten ranks in the game and the very last rank is the one that gives you access to the strategy portions. I am about 4 hours in and have moved up to about rank three. The strategy missions could be the most amazing thing to happen to gaming, but I would have to wade through at least 5 more hours of mediocrity to get there.I cannot recommend Salvation Prophecy unless you are a hardcore space sim fan and even then I would wait until it drops to bargain price."
76561197971745805,Recommended,248450,24379570,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,RoflMan,"[Steam says I have played this ~12 hours, but I think have played it also in offline modus, since I have played through the game completely once and 2 times half-finished]Bit on the fence whether I should recommend from an objective (as much as possible) point of view, but its unique enough that the developer deserves more visibility. And from subjective point of view: I quite like it even though it gets repetive and has a tight budget (though the price is ofcourse also lower than an AAA game). The game is set in space and on planets / stations and there is a mass war between 4 factions (humans, aliens, robots and more aliens I think). You can pick a faction to fight for.You begin relative weak and really need to stick with your teammates early on in land battles (1 faction attacks an enemy's base with troops) aswell as space battles (1 faction attacks an enemy's station with ships). While doing faction missions and lateron optional bounty hunt quests (the bounties are in space), you gain money which you can invest in newer weapons, armor, chargeables (like stimpacks or speed boosters) or ship upgrades. Though there are not many unique weapons and basically only 1 armor (most are just better versions). Its still a fun cute rpg addition.Lateron in the game, get more main quests which are a bit different and you gain runes which will give you extra abilities (like stopping time for a while). Though it would have been better if you would get these abilities sooner and if there would be more different rewards from doing missions (like chosing between a few passive rewards).On land the gameplay itself is mostly hip-fire (which is fine and comes down to matter of taste) combined with some explosive weapons and some meleeing and some chargeables. It feels a bit stiff but I think its fun for short game sessions. In space you control a fighter ship and fire energy weapons, missiles and some more goodies like a turbo and counter measures. I personally think the space combat is a bit wooden so I find it less fun, but others might prefer that. Is it nice for a change of pace though. One annyoing thing of space battles is that you need to travel a tad to long before arriving at your destination and you need to go through wormholes and hyperspace avoiding stuff that could damage you (at first its okay but since you will be doing alot of battles, it will get annoying).Though where I think this game really shines in, is that it does give you a feeling that a war is going on. You feel you are a soldier working its way up the ranks within a faction up to commander rank (giving you some extra options to chose where to attack and what to build etc). Its also just feels cool to fight in big battles with your AI teammates.My score: between 6,5 and 7,5. A sequel would have alot of potential and I hope the dev goes for it."
76561197970412946,Recommended,248450,24590317,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Zxzz,"So I paid just over $12 to see a movie with so-so special effects and it lasted just about how long I have played this game.On sale I picked this game up for $12 and so far it is easily on par with the movie, except I am probably going to play this for at least 20 to 30 hours more.So far no bugs and the play is pretty good.If I had it to do again, I would skip the movie and stay home and play this game. If you get it on sale then so much the better."
76561198040179860,Recommended,248450,21505704,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Angst_and_rancor,"Great game. Gets a little repetitive and the strategy portion is bareboned, but the space combat is really fun with some of the best flight controls I've ever used. Works flawlessly with a gamepad.Despite the repetitiveness, the game is quite short if you complete the story missions as they come. But, with 4 different factions to play it packs a bit of replayability, although after your first playthrough, there are no more surprises, since there isn't really much difference between the factions beyond some aesthetics, except for one faction that gets the ability to construct turrets during planetary invasions.The strategy portion, which doesn't unlock until mid-game leaves a lot to be desired. First, you can only attack from one station at a time and you must be docked at that station. When your stations or planets are attacked, there's no warning, and you will only find out about it after the fact on the news. The factions are all evenly matched, the planets alll have the same amound of buidlings and units, all stations have the same amount of ships, so who wins or loses these battles is a crap-shoot. Of course if you are at a station that is under attack you are given the opportunity to board your ship and defend the station, which will heavily put the odds in your favour.As commander, when you launch an attack you must also participate in it, which means you can only ever fight one battle at a time. You can't send troops to attack one planet, while you attack another.Still, despite the fact that no portion of the game is particularly well flushed-out (except maybe the space combat) the combinatiion of elements: 3rd pers. shooter, space sim, and realtime not-so-grand strategy make this an exceptional game unlike any I've played before."
,Recommended,248450,30016763,Posted: 18 February,all,kgrrid,"Not a bad game, start as just a footsoldier for your faction but eventual become fairly strong and then overpowered through the story missions. Kinda disappointed can never fly anything bigger than your fighter."
76561198007782166,Recommended,248450,13624689,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,JRToken,"Perfect for its price. Alot of potential for an indie title and it delivers fairly well. Clunky 3rd person camera is my only complaint but its a small problem. I love the freedom and mechanics, harkening me back to the battlefront days."
,Recommended,248450,7390306,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,Straith,"Suprised me with how fun the game is.  The graphics are dated, but the gameplay is certainly there.  Mixes of rpg, rts, and space sim in this game."
76561198144610953,Recommended,248450,12255832,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,timothyeaster72,A wonderfully engrossing game. It certanly doesnt disappoint with the large scale battles actually feeling epic. The music is on point. Just all around well done.
76561197999439243,Recommended,248450,9648442,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,tybraldad3,The best spaceship dog fighting ive found on steam the game it self is rough but there is alot to be admired in the space battles. i love this game just for that ! Devs take notice this is how to do ship to ship battles in space.
76561198102270456,Recommended,248450,11455804,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,xfilea,"For a $20 game, you expect a lot, and you get some good play with Salvation Prophecy.The bad:Graphics a little datedGameplay a little repetitive during the early stages of the gameThe good:Addictive mission structure.  Just want to do one moreSurprises thrown in just enough to keep you on your toesThe space scenes are prettyOverall this is a great game that really shines after you reach the faction commander level and can start leading and planning battles and dealing with the game's core mysteries.  Pick it up, especially if you get it on sale.  I really hope there will be a sequel cuz the dev is great and has really gone above and beyond what most indie developers do."
,Recommended,248450,13175041,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Ike Michaelberg,"For the current sales price of $2.99 it is a great purchase. The core gameplay is solid. Initial impressions for gameplay are: Ground combat is similar in control and objective to Star Wars Battlefront, but without the class system. Ship sections feel like Freespace with the jump sections feeling like the corridor runs in Star Fox. The leveling system and upgrade system feel somewhat like Meltdown's in that they are focused in providing linear progression in key areas. They aren't full of fluff like a traditional level-up system is. The game design feels focused and while not inspired, it does bring new life to old tried and true systems with new art and new narrative. I am running the game with an integrated HD graphics card and it runs pretty smoothly. I am running the game on a Lenovo G510."
,Recommended,248450,14205449,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,lechien82895,"7/10 - Decent indie game with decent gameplay, personally I wish it was a bit more of a sandbox and less story-driven at the end, but I enjoyed it nonetheless. Definitely worth the $20, but don't expect it to be up to the quality of a well-established company, this game was made on a low budget which is noticeable, but still relatively well made."
76561198061902743,Recommended,248450,13133916,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,BoomingChop,I can now fullfill my dream that the cylons will win. 10/10 would slaughter human race again
,Not Recommended,248450,7339889,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,Acehazbin,"An ""ok"" game with a mix of simple RPG/Space sim/RTS, It fails to really excel at any aspect leading to each stage of the game feeling incredibly drawn out. you start off as a grunt being forced to do ground combat to rank up. when you rank up to your ship your now forced to attack stations and do ground combat, you can't skip a mission. it will sit there for a set amount of real time, far to long to ignore forcing you to do repetitive missions you may not like just to progress."
,Recommended,248450,8334784,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Sib The Squid™,"Really do love this game, its neat and I like the balance of the ground and space missions. The game could use improvement, such as more diverse and alive space, it feels rather dead but the rest of the game does make up for it. The factions are great and all four has its own awesome feel, my favourite was the Wyr, very fun and very hilarious to play as."
,Recommended,248450,7443875,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,Gabeux,"A game that would have been a great success if launched around 2001, Salvation Propechy features both ground-combat and space-combat, RPG elements and light strategy once you've become the leader of your faction.The ground combat is simple, straightforward, but gets boring and repetitive after the third battle or so.Space combat is also simple, the controls are nice, and it's fun even after a while, but not fun enough to hold anyone for long.This is an indie project, and credits must be given to the developer to the good quality of the game and ambitious aims."
76561197992208063,Recommended,248450,9907475,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Phill The Mann,jeg har hygget mig bare lidt for meget med dette spil specielt fordi at det bliver et helt andet spil når man bliver general
76561197999156176,Recommended,248450,26732271,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Raepok,"If No Man's Sky made you feel ripped off, this game will make up for it."
76561198046132904,Recommended,248450,9394306,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Ebola911,"good game for its price, some what , military/rpg/ranked/3rd person view. good game in my book, has a lot of potential, i know where it was headed, yet, more than likely, it had a low budget to get where its at now. Good game 6/10 in my book."
,Recommended,248450,7462365,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,TSRViper,"Not a bad game, controls are a bit washy though but overall not bad"
76561197986236205,Recommended,248450,10134607,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,nsmith197,"To be honest, I'm not sure what I was expecting from this game.  I never heard of it on the major game sites and if it wasn't for Steams ability to showcase unknown games, I more than likely never would have bought it.  With that said, I must admit that I was pleasantly suprise by the game.  Usually when games mix space and ground battles, they suffer greatly for it.  I only play the first couple of mission so I can't rate the overall game yet, however, besides the slow strafing for the foot soldiers, which may or may not be adjustable, I haven't delve that far into the game yet, I am glad I bought this game."
76561198098197259,Not Recommended,248450,9436173,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,BartholomewTheWonderLlama,"Look, the game seems to have some great ideas. It feels like an RPG-ified Battlefront II... except without any of the things that make either RPGs or Battlefront II any good. I really wanted it to be good, but:The missions are repetitive and easy (and boring).The ""story"" is about as immersive as an empty kiddie pool in the Mojave Desert (a boring kiddie pool at that).The controls/movement/combat/etc. are clunky, over-simplified and just downright boring (yes, even the CONTROLS are boring).There is little to no diversity in gameplay. You just run around the same boring maps with no crouch, roll, cover, or anything besides WASD and looking/aiming. It's--you guessed it-- REALLY boring.All things considered, this game is nothing more than a sloppily contructed skeleton which the developers COULD have slapped a halfway decent game on and called it a day. Don't waste your time or money."
76561198018453980,Recommended,248450,13606841,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Osiris,"Not as polished as many games but still very fun.Interesting combination of TPS, Space sim and strategy toward the end of the game.For a game created by one person it is an incredible effort and well worth supporting.Recommend."
76561197996972957,Recommended,248450,14017342,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,sir Evans,"8,5/10This game is possibly one of the most overlooked jewels among indie titles on tiny budgets.I totally recommend it for purchase if you are in space rpg + space fighter combo games.Totally worth supporting developer, this one was created on a very thin budget and it shows - Salvation Prophecy is a jewel, but rough around the edges.Let me give you a quick summary:Graphics:- Indie budgets shows right away. Textures are low res, location are reused, models are ridiculous sometimes.- Animations are hilarious+ Space combat effects are decent+ Very few obvious bugs to speak about+ unique planetary missions have amazing locationsSound:- your own music recommended- voice acting is ridiculous- actually not that many sound effects+ doesn't get annoying+ space travel effects amazing+ no bugs detected+ ambient sound effects help immersionGameplay:- simplistic in every area- little choice of items, most useless- difficult to understand why are you promoted to faction leader so soon- otherwise unbalanced (AI and Aliens)- land combat AI sucks (worst part of the game actually)- shallow story line, some ridiculous moments especially with runes- arcade minigames in warp tunnels and wormholes+ story is presented in interesting manner and despite being quite simple is properly explained and transparent, you can tell the reason for the ongoing war+ missions. Mass fighter jumping in and out of combat is just the most amazing thing this game has (I say this as FreeSpace veteran)+ simplified arcade combat - not necessary a good thing but at least it is made in proper way (does not annoy)+ side missions, hilarious pirate descriptions+ multiple aspects (well, not that many) of faction to manage+ ending better than Mass Effect 3, despite very ♥♥♥♥♥♥ final boss battle(considering mission length this battle is actually a good thing)+ overal feeling and atmosphere is a combined shadow of Homeworld, FreeSpace and Mass Effect titles. It is quite simply good.Conclusion:Love and care is visible in each and every part of the title. It is properly done, relativelly bug free, not badly imbalanced jewel that makes it obvious - developers really wanted to deliver but were short on funds. These are the pople who seem to know what they are doing and where they are heading, just didn't head the means to make the journey.You will not be disappointed if you get this game on sale, even tho it is short you will enjoy this.And perhaps showing your support will prompt people responsible for Salvation Prophecy to create a sequel."
76561198023449606,Not Recommended,248450,22732723,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Ouroboros85,"Very clunky, dull and boring game with a inordinate amount of grinding, pretty much doing the same thing over and over again. The gameplay doesn't hold up well even when compared to anything in its own era and most of the time it feels like some early beta with plain place holders where you'd expect some more detail, until you realise they are actually trying to push this as the finished product.Save yourself the time, money and effort since there are many more worthwhile things to be played for $20"
,Recommended,248450,18173011,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Marinxar,"This game may not offer much in sense of graphics, but it makes up for it in gameplay for sure. It brings together a couple of genres, exploration/space sim/3rd person shooter/rpg in a very unique and entertaining way. Not something I have seen done succesful before."
76561198054799536,Not Recommended,248450,11354853,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Aleh,"This game is politely describable as a very, very unpolished gem. It has a great deal of potential... but doesn't manage to bring that potential anywhere near fruition. Wherever I look, I can see a large number of things that could easily be improved or tweaked... but *aren't*.The storyline? Good concept, undermined by poor voice acting and worse script-writing. The ground combat? It'd be a hundred times better with a few simple cover mechanics. The space combat? A better positioning display would do wonders. The overall gameplay model? The ability to run side-quests for money would be nice... and would avoid some of the more problematic aspects of the game's pseudo-RPG structure.Sure, some of this may be alleviated later on. I don't know -- I've barely scratched the surface of what's in there.The unfortunate part is that I probably won't do more than that. The game could easily be a true gem."
,Not Recommended,248450,9101234,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Zertyfire,"This game has alot of potential, it just doesn't feel like a real shooter, or a real space game. the land missions make you feel like a tiny part of an army, and you don't really affect the completion of the mission. If they had improved the land battles, the game would've been great. but they didn't."
76561197970551167,Recommended,248450,8560253,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,pscoolha,a masterpiece of fun
,Recommended,248450,29083009,Posted: 7 January,all,jaa no samapa tuo,Great indie space game.
76561197971371215,Not Recommended,248450,9420405,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Hix,"The developers of this game forgot that Star Wars Battlefront 2 exists, Salvation Prophecy is trying to be battlefront 2 but without any of the depth, detail or smooth transition. It's clunky and ugly but is still quite ambitious and I suspect the next offering from this company will be a large improvement, this game however falls short of being anything but a failed experiment in wishful thinking."
76561198053168857,Not Recommended,248450,9591881,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,MegaLlama,"This is a good game and all but theres hardly ANY stratagy. Before you become leader its just wait, wait, blow up stuff, wait wait, repeat. And when you do get to be leader its build, wait, command attack, wait, rebuild, wait. This is a game that should of been relesed years ago so now its outdated and obslete. Rating: 4/10 dissapointing"
76561198125369505,Not Recommended,248450,9894241,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Lyokoboy13,"When I first started this game, I thought that it might actually be a good game.  But I was wrong.  The thing is... Its easy, even on Hard... like real easy.  But most of all it gets repetitive, Need to conquer a planet, do this, and you will take it over, need to destroy a space station, do this and you will destroy it, but you get into this loop of doing the same thing over and over again.  So it is easy and repetitive.  The opening scene even sucks... they can't remeber when the sky was blue do to war?  Yeah okay... expecially all they needed to tell us was how the factions came to be, and really I don't care.  I rate this game 2/10, and do not recommened it to anyone, why the 2?  like I continue to say, I'm a softy.  Yeah..."
76561198040124570,Recommended,248450,9146563,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,panz3ru,Great game. We need more game like this.Would be great if the author would launch some (payed) dlc.
76561198095216675,Recommended,248450,11109037,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Smitty Werbenjaegermanjenson,"Ok, If you liked Starwars BattleField 2, Then this game is a MUST HAVE, I understand i only have played 2 hours but that is because i literaly bought the game 2 hours ago lol. Anyway. The game has amazing Land battles, but the space exploration and space battles are where the real meat is at.Let's go into details, Shall we?First off, In most space shooters, are you allowed to warp between wormholes and jumpgates? I didnt think so.Secondly, The land battles arent just spam spam spam spam blow that up spam spam, you auctually need to follow your squad and try not to get singled out (if you are playing on a decent difficulty that is)Thirdly: The game has multiple factions to choose from, wich in all games is a nice little additionFinally: The game doesent ""beat around the bush"" with what it tries to be. It is a Sci-Fi Third person shooter. It is quick, clean, and to the point, the game does have some nice little humor kinda thrown it too.Now that we have looked at the pros, lets look at the darker side of things.Con 1: The game does get EXTREMELY Repetetive, so i would go ahead and be prepared to get bored if played for too longCon 2: The models created for the game look OK, your not gonna be blown away with astetics here.Con 3: The textures are... Lacking. I mean, I understand the game is older than most, but it has aged worse than most too.After all of that, I have concluded that the game is a very nice addition to your Steam Library, its fun, has great space and ground battles, and although it doesent have a Spot on Story, has a nice narrative going for it. Overall, I give it a 8.0/10 in my book, So if u have 20 dollars layin around, why not buy it!"
,Not Recommended,248450,13962795,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Oriax,Nice ideas but poorly executed. Graphics are lacking both engine-wise and in attention to detail. Most worlds look like they were created in 5 minutes just by adding some buildings and some randomly spawning enemy waves. Combat controls feel stiff and unresponsive. The story seems interesting at its core but it's just not fun to play.
,Recommended,248450,28468749,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Reguire,Game's performance is perfect. But gameplay is too repetitive.
,Not Recommended,248450,7347935,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,H. Harpoon,"You have to respect what firedance was going for, its a solid idea and would make a fantastic game..... on the playstation 1.   What they actually made is bland, repetitive, and all around underwhelming.Possibly buy it for 1.99$."
76561197971640510,Not Recommended,248450,16877882,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Huggles `,"About 1/8th of a game.What is there is very interesting and captivating, but it draws all the more attention to everything that isn't there but should be.I wouldn't buy it."
76561198000260669,Not Recommended,248450,17325521,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,tylerisme64,Awsome Concept. Horrible Execution.
76561198066550889,Recommended,248450,8672200,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,newbank82,good
,Recommended,248450,8979434,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,[UnI] Cabroose,S'alright......put that on the box if you like ;)
,Recommended,248450,28435555,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,might be a furry,This game is really good and really underrated. just buy pls
76561198005835635,Not Recommended,248450,9271643,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,xrobertcmx,"I actually don't know where to start.  The horrible voice overs, the miserable voice work, the bad graphics, the cring worthy dialogue?  Take your pick.  I generally like to drill down to a specific fault, here the game itself is the fault."
,Not Recommended,248450,10087432,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,ZombieBoxHeadMan,"If you like pretty bad graphics and a very slow intro to every game, then this is your game.. i was pretty dissapointed with the game... this game needs a lot of work."
76561198045418492,Recommended,248450,17167076,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Maximvs12,this game is good... at the same time not good mix halo with sklander games and Quest games and u get this basckly a 3rd person shooter on every thing the buying stuff is ricuclesand the Quest are worse including the graphics and every thing u buy takes forever pluse apretly its ever y600 yrs or so when u ge tinto a battle ;/ go figure its still fun i dont know honstly ;/
,Not Recommended,248450,11776082,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,StarDazzer,"It's got some interesting idea's combining a bit of everything into one game, grounda ssault, space combat.  I just feel it doesn't try hard enough at any one thing to make it enjoyable.  The races are different to provide a feel but controls feel somewhat more clunky then need be.Like of the ability to jump well planetside was a bit of a turn off, all in all it felt like it needed to differentiate between piloting a ship and walking on the ground a bit more, as the ground controls make you feel more like a vehicle then a person.  It might have been better if they just made the game based around a vehicle that could fly and engage in ground combat."
76561198080643429,Not Recommended,248450,20909237,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,qe2eqe,"offput by the 'wormhole' and 'jump' mechanics. I'm a pretty solid gamer, but the controls just aren't good enough for the challenge those scenees represent.TBH I didn't troubleshoot or change mouse sensitivity or anything , I just kind of gave up."
,Not Recommended,248450,7774291,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos","First of all, I don't really care how many people were working on a game or their financial background. If the game's released (not alpha or beta) it counts as final, finished and everything.The game has some redeeming factors on first look which is why I bought it in the first place but it's hard to overlook the empty scenery featuring no details, the shabby look and the repetative gameplay a few hours in the game. Since there are much better games in the steam store to spend your money and time on you shouldn't play this one as it lacks both polish and charm."
,Not Recommended,248450,7948128,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,AddictedGamerSP,"Graphics from 1990, poor controls, lousy aiming, animations are stiff.  Great premise, and promise, but the UI and visuals are so craptastic that it takes away so much from the possibilities... Maybe with another year or two of polish this might have been the end-all game it should have been."
,Not Recommended,248450,11282111,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Jolly Rancher,"It needs a lot of work, battles don't feel epic at all, and you take down giant buildings with like 20 blaster shots."
,Not Recommended,248450,9145424,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,DGZ Kondo,don't buy it it's really ugly game with a really ♥♥♥♥ed up movimantation
76561197963731914,Not Recommended,248450,9155035,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Brian Scott,"Reminds me of the old Starwars Battlefield series - but with much less vehicles and much less immersion. I mean, you know Star Wars, that helps a lot when playing ANY Star Wars game. But in this one here you don't know anything about the universe you're playing in. Makes it pretty boring."
,Not Recommended,248450,11452974,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Raven800,"wow this game is pretty bad...like REALLY bad...I'm just glad I got it on sale...Don't waste money on this.To better explain, they tried to make an open world, MMO style of game where you choose a faction and work your way up the levels and eventually command space craft, etc. Not a bad idea, however the controls are bad, the character animations are worse, the combat is boring, the voice overs are laughable and the game just handles very, VERY poorly all together. Avoid this title, it's not worth your time."
76561198006834433,Not Recommended,248450,9124348,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,James Russell,"There's a kernel of a good idea here.  You fight in an army, work your way up to eventually command the army, and so on.  The only problem is that the battles are really damn repetitive.  You shoot at some guys, shoot a building, then repeat that two more times and then you win.  Every battle is nearly identical.  The space battles are a little better, but even that essentially boils down to ""shoot a couple ships until they blow up and then shoot the space station until it blows up"".  It seems like they put a lot of thought into making a fun and ambitious game and then forgot that they actually needed to make the battles fun.  The RPG elements are oversold, you earn money by doing missions, and use that money to buy better weapons and armor and such.  But all the items are identical, except there are 5 different tiers that are all slightly better than the last.  This could have been a fun game, but they made it horribly repetitive"
,Recommended,248450,9877915,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Rakanishu,the controls animations and npc's are derpy looking
76561198014939257,Not Recommended,248450,9078904,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Trevorkian,Rank beyond all possible hope of redemption.Great ideas hopelessly buried beneath a thick layer of mediocre tar.Feels like the devs just got sick of trying to make it work and just gave up/ran out of funds towards the end.
,Not Recommended,248450,8640946,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Windswept,"Boring, Dull, Repetative, all races feel the same, clunky and uninteresting.Avoid, waste of hard drive space, never mind your cash."
,Not Recommended,248450,8909006,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,𝕲𝖗𝖎𝖋𝖋𝖎𝖓,Dont waste your money on this.
76561197967077498,Recommended,248450,7821314,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,HinterWolf,blehk
,Not Recommended,248450,11355753,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,M32James,not recommended!!!
,Not Recommended,248450,33240078,Posted: 4 July,all,Netmaster,Literally garbage. A waste of my money
76561198017787256,Not Recommended,248450,28544109,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Big Digger Nick,bad.
,Recommended,248450,16717381,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Captain X (PhoenixX),"Surprisingly fun game if you break the rules a bit..  especially if you are a good pilot, after the first few missions I flew off on my own to mess with all the battles breaking out around the universe..  nothing funnier than flying to an enemy starbase while another enemy is assaulting it.. then defeating them both and blowing up their space station too..  made for some rather odd sounding news reports in game bwahahha.Station life however is tedius, and boring, any time you poped back home to upgrade your ship there was almost always a call to arms for one thing or another.  all the stations are basically the same yet you have to go to a particular one to advance the plot. Ground based battles feel... uuuhm   tacked on really.   It is like they planned for something cooler, but just never got around to coding more than basic placeholders and basic AI logic. Overall ok game for practicing space combat, just dont be expecting epic realism."
,Recommended,248450,17469127,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,ProgramRAM,"Really awesome game. Most games of this type are very very hard and this one does it right, not too easy not too hard"
76561198002127473,Recommended,248450,7374560,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,s55,"Reminiscent of an updated version of Freelancer. I was suprised at how much content the game had, even if it was slightly repetitive. Not a bad time waster till Star Citizen comes out."
,Recommended,248450,7589723,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,ангелымогутошиба,"nice content, I have spent a good week with it."
76561198030404316,Recommended,248450,16126917,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,definitelynotalpharius,"I'm going to be straight: Salvation Prophecy isn't everything it claims to be. The strategy is meh at best once you become commander, and the multi-galaxy war which the description seems to promise takes place in a measly 4 solar systems. That being said, I've greatly enjoyed my time with the game so far, and the game has so far continuously unlocked new features to keep me interested. Those looking for a dedicated space shooter or strategy game will be disappointed, but if you give Salvation Prophecy a shot you'll find a lot to keep you interested."
76561197980786340,Recommended,248450,17712210,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,czman811,Fun game but the story is bad and the ending is not very fun at all.  I would like to have seen more in the way of taking planets and building an emipre.  The alien invasion piece seems tacked on so they could limit the scope of the game and foce an ending.If they make a new game and it allows for more empire building I will be a customer.Worth purchasing at a discounted rate.
76561198008573453,Not Recommended,248450,7372908,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Godgiven,"Не вздумайте играть или тем более ПОКУПАТЬ эту игру! Полнейший отстой.Never try this stupid game. All the elements are totally boring and works bad. This is a torture to have an experience with this game. That doesn't cost a money or whatever. It looks much worse in reality then on screenshots around. Gameplay, graphic, combat system, everything is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥here."
,Recommended,248450,7372844,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,HoriceGump,"Brilliant Game!!! Worth the money, and some more."
76561197992701223,Recommended,248450,24676952,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,[RC]Soldat,"Gameplay is very simplistic, each of the 4 factions has 3 weapons, a rifle, mellee, and specials. You can do direct upgrades to theses weapons but it doesn't do much to add variety to the ground battles. You will be taking out entires cities with your rifle, same goes for space combat you will only be controlling a fighter with direct upgrades no other ships or weapon types other than your laser and missiles.  Even though there aren't many weapons it is still fun, I will finsh the game eventually I just find it gets kind of tedious later in the game being the supreme commander and the super marine saviour of your race. For example you could have 3 stations full of troops but you can't order them to invade planets unless you are on that station."
76561197990994295,Not Recommended,248450,34818311,Posted: 8 September,all,Lhetre,"Dated graphics, awkward and uninteresting ground combat, awkward and uninsteresting space combat. Animation is cheap, watching your character move is offputting. Screencaptures on the store page do not show the emptiness of this game."
,Not Recommended,248450,35114373,Posted: 21 September,all,Verdantil,"Tags: 3PS - Third Person ShooterAdditional Tags: Delete Local Content & Remove from LibraryTLDR: Got pewpews and aliens. Repetitive. Shallow mechanics. Simple A.I. Unrewarding grind. Xbox360 pad support is a lie. Debatable immersion factor. In the end this almost feels like some strange single player version of some faction based MMOThis is an instance based game in which you use a limited amount of racial cooldown powers to repetitively take over planets as part of a pre-established galactic domination timeline. The instances did not really feel handmade either, just creatures of each race dumped on each ends of a map and some buildings randomly generated here and there for you to destroy.Your choices boil down to picking your race at the beginning and the goal is to roll over the other three factions until you occupy the spacemap. Only thing to do is buy upgrades and consumables between missions or go for the odd bounty sidemission for extra cash. The engine had resolution options and even dated looked alright. The narrative sort of goes nowhere and it just seems like a lame excuse to have little mini wars with lasers and robots.Xbox360 pad was not detected or working but given the shooter heavy nature of this title it is not a problem. Most upgrades are simply +stat versions of your starting stuff as part of keeping with up the gradual difficulty curve. Not very engaging.The user interface was clean, the idea for the different factions was alright and the tutorial was effective. The camera was fixed vertically but rotated smoothly around and navigation felt rather responsive and made sense.Having to wait for the next mission to appear, or go from spot to spot in the hub map to buy or start a new encounter felt a little bit like pointless padding.This game suffers most from keeping everything on rails. There is no real sandboxing your own career through contracts, having different reputations with different alien factions, acquiring exotic technologies, outfitting your own ship or anything of the sort from what I have seen..."
