user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198042026980,Recommended,248610,13417283,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Shift,"Door Kickers is one of those pleasant surprises that comes every now and then.This is essentially a Top Down SWAT Team Simulator that is extremely Tactical. (And I'm not using the word just because it's cool)How would I describe Door Kickers ?This game reminds me of older releases that change the way FPSes are played such as Rainbow Six and SWAT.This is a slow and methodical game as it'll brutally punish you if a mistake have been made. Thought and precise movements must be taken into account if you wish for all of your troopers to survive that one bloody great gunfight.How does this game differ itself from the rest ?First of all, it is innovative. This is done in the style of the briefing phase in Rainbow Six, but it is completely real time with pausing mechanics so you are able to change your plan on the fly other than having to exit to the planning phase and change your movements and start over.How is this game tactical ?Well, the RPS 'Best Tactics of 2014' says for itself.Not enough, aye ?Fine. Door Kickers is one of those games that shines during situations where you can't just go guns blazing.For example,there is a hostage taker standing right behind the hostage facing toward the only entry point of the room.Now, being the Top Down game that Door Kickers is, there is no third dimension so when your team step into the room, the hostage taker will open fire and hit the hostage before he hits you.So what do you do ?1. Bang the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥... I meant a flashbang. Blind him so your team has time to move around and neutralise him without harming the hostage2. If there is a window, you can send a trooper to flank him from a different angle.Multiple ways to problem solve, is it enough evidence that this game is tactical ?No ?Well, the game has different kinds of situations that you have to adapt to, such as- Eliminate Hostiles : It's basically Terrorist Hunt. Go in, kill all the baddies, win.- Hostage Rescue : It's just like Terrorist Hunt, but with Hostages in it. Possibility of an Execution though.- Stop Execution : A baddie in the area is about to blow the brains out of someone and you have to stop them.- Bomb Defusal : Well, the name says it all.- Dope Raid : Recover evidence mainly dope, and dope papers.- Warrant Arrest : Again, name says it all.- Protect VIP : ... I don't really have to describe this one at all, do I ?- Robbery in Progress : Somehow, the devs know how lazy I get when I need to describe things.What ? Still not enough ? Are you kidding me...Fine.The game has an arsenal of trooper classes, weapons, and equipment to outfit your team to suit the situationClasses include (If you haven't seen the video above)- Pointman : Only armed with a pistol, has the highest mobility and is the fastest during entry, but isn't the best at range- Assaulter : Guy with the guns. Basically, guy that shoots all the baddies for you.- Breacher : As the name implies, he breaches door ways, clear rooms, and corridors in hasty manner. I like to call him ""Hobo with a Shotgun""- Shield : The guy that you would want to bring when the baddies bring their big guns.- Stealth : Shhhh... I'm trying to think of a description for this one... Damn it, keep quiet! I'm trying to think!Weapons range from simple submachine guns such as the MP5A3 to meaner rifles like the G36C to a punch in the face like the Mossberg 590.Sidearms ? No problem! Glocks, 1911s, and P226s, anything is in store! Just need to trade in your gold stars!Oh, we got loads of equipments, Flashbang, Breaching Charges, Tasers, even a little handheld machine that allows you to picklock faster!So as you can see, this game is completely tacticool...WHAT? NOT ENOUGH!? Bruh, I'm done. I got nothing else. You can go watch them YouTube videos and find them all out on your own. I ain't gonna tell you everything man.Oh, but you want the know the truth !? YOU CAN'T HANDLE THE TRUTH.Anyways, I love this game. One of my favourite games, as you can see, spent over 100 hours on this thing.If I could rename my girlfriend, I would name her ""Window Smashers"".Thank you for reading my Review. It's probably too long, but heck. At least I got it out there, right ?EDIT: I just realised I reached 400 hours and I forgot to add that this game has a Random Mission Generator and Workshop support. THIS GAME IS PRACTICALLY ENDLESS. That is until Task Force North comes out."
76561198057301368,Recommended,248610,7959889,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Dzordanas,"Door Kickers is one of the most extreme tactical SWAT games I have ever played. It offers hugely evolving gameplay and a load of weapon combinations to suit your playstyle. You will be able to use armories from multiple countries (Germany, France, UK, US, etc.) and also have different forms of each weapon (Silences, or non-silenced) for you to be able to in stealthily or blow your way into the enemy lines. You will also have the option of creativity as each time you do a mission you will want a new strategy, and it allows you to have multiple ways of getting into a room, from pick-locking a door to blowing it down with C4 or shottgunning the lock. You will also enjoy the challenging gameplay of only having a limited amount of men and will likely be outnumbered, forcing you to strategize and plan instead of rushing them like it's a Third-person shooter.Also note this game is being created by a small, indie team. So you will not get updates every other day, but it seems so far they have been having extremely large updates every two weeks, which likely means they love there buyers so much they are over working themselves.If you have the money, and enjoy planning and then watching your men burst in and dominate the enemy or have one thing go wrong and watch your team get slaughtered, then buy the game. It's fairly cheap and really innovative to the market, it's also in early access so there is so much more to come and it's completely playable and almost bug free in its current state."
,Recommended,248610,13490766,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Jwe,"I couldn't expect something amazing due to tons of mediocre indie-games nowdays, but this one, GOD...9.5/10Pros:- music is just brilliant = 40% of whole atmosphere (like Payday 1/2)- very rich tactics- really fast and smooth client- simultaneously shutting down 4 enemies by 4 troopers spawns huge 0rgasm. Sadly, this is not a joke :(- tons of missions and ways to complete them. I mean, TONS- slick and easy UI- mods support- mission generator + built-in mission maker + possibility to share it- this is how every Warhammer40k tactical game should look like, just change the skin and you got mindbreaking legendary crusadeCons:- lack of narrative briefing for missions like story, characters and intrigue (remembering Gunpoint), just short descriptions- when multiple troopers paths are crossed it is becomes too hard to micro-command like look there, step here- RNG sometimes looks weird, like one try you one-shot everything and another one you're wasting whole magazine for one guy- sometimes your troopers AI just stuck stopping your unit before some doors- I know this is not the core, but I guess with some gorgeous graphics engine it would look just marvellous. Anyway, these guys did so amazing game, it's just very good VS best.Verdict:It was long time ago since I wasso satisfiedwith some game. For tactics genre this title has everything, this is how small team stomps most of AAA brands."
76561198000861562,Recommended,248610,16955959,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Z0mBi3,"Doorkickers is a 2D, Top Down tactical strategy game with real-time and pause. This title has been on my radar for a very long time and I decided to pick it up during summersale. Now I have finally played it and I have to say that it's great!If you enjoy games like Xcom you will most likely have fun with doorkickers, or if you have an interest in swat games and tactics planning. This game have so many levels and challenges you can complete. Also there's a story, although it felt just like the normal quick games I would say.You can also create your own maps and download others for unlimited fun! Save hostages, kill bad guys and capture wanted criminals. Its intense at times but it's always fun to play!Doorkickers comes with all the neat steam features like achievement, steam cloud, etc. Game runs well and you have a good options menu. You level up your soldiers in game and unlock new classes and weapons.This game is great and I would strongly recommend everyone to at least try it out at some point. This is one of the only good games that came out of early access!"
,Recommended,248610,17942334,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Splash Friday,"* 5 Trooper Classes plus Sniper (Mission Dependent)* 70+ Weapons and Gear Items* Six Campaigns (Perma-death)* 80 Independent Missions* Viewable Replays* Global and Individual Stat Tracking* Cross Platform Import/Export Saves* Mission Generator* Level Editor* Steam Workshop* 43 Achievements* 8 Different Trading Cards* No SympathyDoor Kickers harks back to a time when gamers were thought to be intelligent. A little bit of information is given to the player about gameplay mechanics and the rest is left up to them to figure out through trial and error. This, in part, is why there's no ""do it this way to win"" approach to informing the player. Inspired by the planning stages of Rainbow Six, with a SWAT aesthetic, and turned into a feature length game, it all makes sense. A player must learn to play the game much like they must learn to understand how to deal with the situation in which their troopers find themselves. Or be left to suffer the consequences.Although it's possible to make arrests and to subdue assailants with a taser, that's not where the emphasis lies. The opponents you're dealing with are all presumed to be heavily armed and willing to kill you on site based on the knowledge that they most likely already have. Once you understand that, the gear and equipment options available in-game will make a lot more sense. That is why this game is more comparable to Rainbow Six than Swat 3 or 4. It's not about getting a conviction but dishing out the punishment because the verdict has already been made.I highly recommend this game. But that recommendation entirely depends on the type of gamer you are. This game is for the thinker. Sometimes you'll make a plan that will take a few seconds and so will the mission. Other times, you'll spend a few hours only for the mission to fail. It's not the game's fault, nor is it yours. That's just a harsh reality and simply a matter of learning from such mistakes. If you want mindless satisfaction, are looking for a game that plays itself, or were born yesterday, this is not the game for you. This game is a challenge, your enjoyment will entirely depend on whether or not you'll accept it as such and rise to the occasion. So the question is: do you accept the challenge?"
76561198012883252,Recommended,248610,12604368,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Capnflintlock,"Pros+solid gameplay+passable sound effects+good level design, and distinguishable terrain. You won't get confused as to what's what. Very useful for this type of game+Ability to plan out the execution of an entire mission, and watch your men methodically carry it out in seconds.+Ai works well at following said plan+Customization: Lots of gear to choose from and unlock.+Level designer/randomizer: Unlimited replayabilityCons- A little bit pricey for my taste. I prefer $10-15 at most for an indie game of this quality- Still a few bugs to iron out- Can get hard to plan moves for your last member on your team, as the order lines stack upTechical issues-Can't seem to plan my men to swap their weapons twice during the planning phase. I can tell my men at a certain point to pull out their secondaries, but I'm unable to tell them to swap back. I have to wait till they actually change weapons to order them swap back at a later time. Can be annoying when trying to unlock achievements for each level.-Unable to hide other units command lines during planning phase. When you have commands issued for a large amount of soldiers, it looks like pasta all over the place. Can make it very hard to issue orders to the last soldier on your squad.-Sometimes I want to order a certain swat member to throw a flash bang through a door, but a nearby teamate stacked on the door recieves the order instead. The game needs a toggle function for ordering stacked teamates to do something instead of the default choice.-When cancelling a command, it sometimes does not dissapear, making you have to backtrack your soldiers moves a good bit to fix it, or restart them completely.Rating: 8.5/10===========Gameplay: 9/10Graphics: 7/10Sound effects: 7/10Ai: 9/10Replayability: 10/10"
,Recommended,248610,8527972,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,+Viper,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing sick. The gameplay is smooth and the actions percise. This game is a great way to teach people to watch their sectors at all times and to stay alert. Using real world tactics in this game does actually benefit and it makes you look even more badass in the replays. Even in alpha I find this addictive and fun and the editor and generator is a great way to extend replayability. Keep up the good work devs.
,Recommended,248610,10105371,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Guardian1790,"Door Kickers is a great game and has the makings of a great CQB training aid.  The survival of your officers is heavily based on your ability to control your tactical angles.  Real tactics, techniques, and procedures work (for the most part).  As an added bonus, you can create videos of your playthroughs, which you can then edit and use it to help train your team, whether it be a video game clan, paintball, airsoft, or even actual military and law enforcement.  By having a clear display of each officer's field of view, you can accurately portray sectors of fire and emphasize an understanding of the importance of angles.  Add to this that you can create your own levels with nothing more than some photo editing software, and you have the ability to create any training aid or game level you wish, complex or simple.Currently, this game is in Alpha.   Right now, the game has a feel of many Android or Apple games, with a bunch of sequentially harder scenarios that you attempt to earn three stars on.  Time is the primary factor for achieving the three stars, which is somewhat counter to how a SWAT team actually acts.  Slow and safe is often preferred to fast and loose.  Things have gotten a bit deeper as the game has progressed through its Alpha stage, with the addition of different classes, levels of armor, rank progression of your officers, and training unlocks.  Updates have come at a very steady pace, and have consistantly added new great features that make me happy I bought the game.This game can be as simple or as complex as you want to make it.  Do you want to intricately plan out your entire team's movement with go codes and then press play and see what happens?  Or do you want to work through the scenario as it plays out, pausing and unpausing to make changes on the fly or control an officer's field of fire directly?  Either way works, and it's up to you.This game is so much fun.  You can run through a quick scenario to get your fix, or you can try for the best score on a hard level for hours.  With new scenarios being added constantly by the community, and the ability to create random missions from any map, you have an endless amount of replay value."
,Recommended,248610,13445605,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Mitch13pavel,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DrJR62yXSGI&feature=youtu.beDoor Kickers is a very interesting top down tactical real time strategy game where you control a team of SWAT agents with the task of eliminating groups of terrorists who are held up in a variety of increasingly difficult and hostile scenarios. The game offers a large amount of depth and content with fully customizable SWAT team, weapons, gear, and classes. The game shines in the planning stage where you are put in control of laying out the exact movements and actions of each SWAT agent, choose whether to go in guns blazing and blast down the door, or take a more stealthy approach and use spy cams to monitor your enemy’s movements before entering. You can take as many or as few times as you wish to pause the game on the fly mid action and adjust your plans to adapt to the hectic battlefield that unfolds as your agents press forward into the enemies territory; however, by far the most satisfying and rewarding part of the game is when you preplan and successfully defeat all the enemies in single attempt without pausing to adjust.The game has a very satisfying level of difficulty that will definitely force you to retry missions multiple times until you learn from your mistakes, which at times may feel frustrating due to the varying random difficulty spikes that you will encounter, but this only adds more to the level of satisfaction you will feel when you successfully complete the mission. Upon completion of a mission you are scored by a 3 star system that varies based on your performance, the stars you earn are then used as the currency to upgrade your gear and purchase new weapons. The game features a ton of playable content, offering tons of levels to play in single player, campaign, and both a level and mission editor to create your own levels and share them via Steam Workshop Mods.The game offers an incredibly high amount of content and depth with a very high replay-ability value, the game is truly an indie gem that has done an excellent job at captivating the feel from the Rainbow Six series and bringing it to 2014.http://noobsthatplaygames.com/"
,Recommended,248610,19226040,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Leroy Peterson,"Started playing Nov 2015.Easy to pick-up and play, very difficult to master. I was not expecting so many missions and so many weapon choices, its very impressive. Its fun taking different approaches to missions and the good kind of trail & error towards finishing each level. Eventually you may become good enough to beat any level in just the planning stage, before it has played out in real time. Its a great accomplishment.Some missions require a bit of luck, and occasionally death/failure feels cheap. But you can always make your own missions if you get sick of the hundreds of dev made levels and campaigns."
76561198123229076,Recommended,248610,28121613,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,BlackCockDown,"A hostage crisis in the suburbs. The troopers move up to the entrance cautiously, wary of potential threats in the vicinity.You stack up against the door. Your teammate moves to the front, his Kimber drawn. You have the advantage of marksmanship, training and skill and you both know it. But you are still up against many.You take a deep breath and blast off the door handle with your Mossberg. the door swings open and your teammate fires 3 well placed shots. A body hits the ground.""THE COPS ARE HERE"" rings down the hallway and you hear the mulitple doors opening and closing.Your heart pounds furiously.No time or chance to back down, and you charge into the lion's den, sending the first hostile you see down with a single blast of 00.Simply put, this game is like Rainbow Six from a real-time-strategy/top-down perspective, where you control SWAT troopers as they conduct raids against criminals and terrorists.Each game is highly lethal, and most demand a certain time limit to be met, most of which happens to be a minute or two. Every move you take requires very careful planning.Is there a blind spot unaccounted for?Is there someone covering me?Is someone's line of sight blocked by another, possibly endangering both?Your operators are well trained and will easily take down multiple hostiles at once, but they aren't God. A single fatal mistake in planning or an unprecendented move by a hostile will more often than not lead to their swift and violent demise, whether it's a burst of MAC-10 fire from the side or single 7.62mm round from a AK-47.In a game where every second counts you have to get used to controlling every operator at any point in time. Watching flanks, breaching rooms, using tactical manoeuvres to clear, all have to be done in a single fluid motion.On drug busting operations prepare to launch a 6 man offensive on an entire port, where you have to simultaneously control all your fireteams and keep them alive, and secure the evidence before the cartel gets a chance to destroy it.Your classes are clearly defined.The Pointman, who is extremely mobile and deadly in tight spaces but will easily get swamped by numbers.The Assault, who can both be a close quarter fire-hose with a submachine gun for laying accurate and well controlled bursts or a mid-range specialist with an assault rifle, dishing out accurate semi automatic fire that stops people in their tracks, but lose your close range mobility and versatility.The Breacher who can blast doors open and engage multiple enemies with buckshot but quickly get outgunned at mid-ranges and risk collateral damage from the pellet spread.The Stealth who are good mid range specialists who will put hostiles to sleep silently but will lose their edge in closer engagements.The Shield who can block most incoming shots but can only use a pistol and may not have the mobility in close spaces or the accuracy for long escort missions.Skill is required to make the best out of every trooper you train for every situation and make sure everyone comes out alive.You spend more time planning alone than executing, and you will get frustrated sometimes from the frequent restarting but every completed mission grants a never-ending sense of pride.PROS:1. Excellent AI. Troopers are not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and will react to defend themselves and hostiles will actively flank and investigate sources of noise.2. Tight map design that pose a challenge to players3. Customisation is well-controlled and delivered with a clear focus on maximising the trooper's usability on the field over the simple mindless pimp-your-gun-to-be-special attachment chucking we see in many other games4. Price. I got this on sale for a measly 3 bucks and it's been worth every penny.5. Comprehensive controls and a decent How-to guide for quickly jumping in.6. Minimalistic UI that tells you what you need and what you need alone and great graphics.7. Immersive atmosphere that gets your heart pumping every time a raid is initiated and keeps you coming back for more.8. A decent bare-bones progression system that rewards you with better troop quality for future raids but doesn't go as far as to become a grindfest.9. As if the above aren't enough there is workshop content with plenty of diversity. Want a new scenario? Try a pirate ship raid. Want to satisfy your gun fetish? Get mods that increase the number of weapons available at your disposal.CONS:1. An unforgiving currency (star) system that renders you in a tight spot if you make a costly mistake in your investment, where you potentially lose the ability to progress yet are unable to earn more to buy the gear you need."
76561197961014469,Recommended,248610,12598344,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Kommissar Klose,"I'll admit, I haven't gotten very far, but the bit of it I did play was exceptionally good for what its supposed to be. The controls do seem to be a bit difficult to master, but at least for the simple mechanics, you do catch on quickly.The action is quite tactical, no nonsense. I definitely get the feeling that there is an incredible amount of depth in the game, and already I'm looking forward to playing again.The built in mod-ability and mission generation, combined with the fact that the game is built around its solid mechanics (rather than any sort of linear narrative) seems to ensure that the ""dollars spent"":""hours of fun"" ratio is quite favorable."
76561197983786651,Recommended,248610,31926372,Posted: 23 May,all,Starbug,"Casual, fun game of the sorts you'd play on mute while your boss remains blissfully unaware that your mouse clicks aren't doing anything productive. You should really be fired. Bet you're not even ashamed.Top down terrorist slaying. Replay value is strong. Lots of increased difficulty medals and fluff like that to make you feel better about stealing wages from your employer.Fun when played at home too. Recommended!"
,Recommended,248610,28366629,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,[TDNL]Nimster,"One of the best real-time tactics games on Steam.Having finished all of the single missions and all of the campaigns, both in Normal and in Iron Man, I believe I'm in a position to write a few things about this game. I don't usually write Steam reviews, but Door Kickers is a special game that deserves recommendation. As someone who is very interested in tactical gaming, the top-down tactics offered by this game are very enjoyable.The game gives you control over a team of SWAT operators and tasks you with defeating the bad guys and completing missions such as rescuing hostages, arresting a suspect, securing evidence, preventing escape of the suspects or escorting a VIP. There are different ways to play the game, but the way I play it (and I guess the most obvious style of play) is real-time with pause. The way I usually do the missions is like this: I draw actions for my troopers, let them play out those actions, pause, assess the situation and then plan my next move. You can also play the game in 100% real-time or even prepare the entire mission in the planning phase if you want. It's a lot more difficult and challenging to do, but the option is there. There is no 'true' method of playing the game.It's a challenging game. The guns are deadly. That goes both ways. If you don't want any of your troopers to get killed in one or two shots, you better make sure that you watch your sectors and assume that there is danger around every corner. The game mercilessly punishes you for your mistakes, but the rules are fair and if you lose a trooper it's almost always due to your own mistake.Perhaps the greatest compliment that can be given to Door Kickers is the fact that a number of real-life tactics can be applied to it, and that these are often the most effective. The best way to clear a simple room is the way real operators often do it: stack your troopers near the door, open or breach it, throw a flashbang (tip: use them excessively), enter the room, establish points of domination along the nearest wall(s) and let your troopers shoot all of the bad guys in their own respective sector. Take a look at the top-down illustrations inthis military field manual. Some of the tactics that are shown in that chapter actually work in Door Kickers. That is an impressive feat, and it highlights the developer's understanding of real-world CQC fights and tactics. Because of this, Door Kickers is arguably one of the more realistic small-scale tactics games there are.It's not without flaws. From time to time, your troopers will make a stupid mistake which may get one of them killed, such as when they accidentally throw a grenade against the wall instead of into the room. And they cannot perform certain basic tasks like leaning and crouching, though that might have been a design decision. But overall, the controls are very fleshed out and the game is very enjoyable to play as is. It allows a certain degree of freedom in how to approach each situation: your stealth approach doesn't work? Kit out your team with harder-hitting assault rifles. Can't prevent a hostage execution in time? Try a different route or be more aggressive. Having a lot of trouble eliminating an armoured tango? Invest in one of the guns that offer better armour penetration. Or just throw more flashbangs. More flashbangs are always good. Some of the equipment that works in certain situations will not work in other situations, and vice-versa. All of the equipment in the game has utility, although some are more useful than others.Pros:Real-world room clearing fundamentals work (at least some of them).Deadly guns; challenging.Different ways to play.Plenty of content: at the time of writing 84 official missions and 6 campaigns, Iron Man mode, a level editor, mod support and fan-made content.Very suitable for short gameplay sessions. Even if you can't finish a mission in time, at least you've learned a few things about that mission, arming you with knowledge for the next time you go in.Good replay value.Cons:Grenades can only be thrown in a horizontal line. You can't throw one over a wall or a vehicle.Lack of crouch makes it impossible to present a smaller target or move underneath a window without being spotted. Again, may be a design decision.Some of the weapon stats do not always give the player a clear understanding of the weapon's performance.Door Kickers 2 is currently in development, but the first game is still very much worth buying and playing. If you're looking for a good top-down tactics game, look no further."
76561198045905361,Recommended,248610,27288445,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Milkshaker,"If there's one little gem to grab in a sale: it's this!It's great fun and a real steal at 85%Imagine ""Hotline Miami meets Counterstrike"", but as Chess with timed waypoints – that's what this game is: incredibly fun, if you like to test your tactical skills.I like it because:- The Real Deal: exactly what the trailer video promises.- Have it your way: maps offer everything from easy to nailbiting hard.- Indie game done right: great idea AND great execution.- Nice soundtrack, few but cool voicelines, even after hours.Can't recommend it enough! Nice devs, nice community.(Sidenote: Most games have around a 10:1 ratio of positive vs. negative reviews. This has 22:1.)"
,Recommended,248610,16506975,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Pomegranate,"One of the best games i've played in a long time, will be perfect for those nostalgic about the old SWAT games. While being highly addictive, its mechanics are extremely simple and easy to understand. Yet there lies a great challenge in executing them flawlessly, and succeding with your objectives without losing any of your men.Lots of content in it in form of single missions, campaigns, mod support and mission generator, so there's essentially an endless amounts of mission to go on. There's also some basic customization to get you a bit emotionally attached to your men (and women). However it seems that there are no female voices, so females will report in with male voices.No mp or coop yet, but I think they are planning to add that after phone versions release.Sidenote: If you use steam overlay a lot keep in mind that the shift key locks the path, so after you've been to the overlay press shift once to make the controls normal again."
,Recommended,248610,11713179,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Snake,"REVERSE WARNING: This is actually the only Early Access game that I bought without regretting it later.Door Kickers is a solid top-down 2D tactical SWAT strategy / tactical / shooter title. You draw your troopers' paths with your mouse, place waypoints and commands and then watch the action unfold according to your plan. There is also the option to pause the action in real-time and switch orders on the fly. The game went through many iterations and improvements during early access, both frequent and meaningful in content and changes / fixes.The biggest draws of the game (apart from the obvious - existing in a great genre that is virtually abandoned) is the fact that it has Steam Workshop support and an integrated level editor allowing for infinite content. When the core gameplay mechanics are as polished and as fun, even simple user-made maps can add tons of replayability to a game that is already quite large in beta form.I bought this game in December 2013 and watched it blossom into the beautiful thing it is today, a couple of months before its final release. I recommend this wholeheartedly to anyone who is interested in the genre."
76561197972382461,Recommended,248610,32605580,Posted: 20 June,all,DoGCyN,"I'm only barely recommending this game as it grates my nipples hard. That final boat campaign mission with the hostages may as well have had me sweating. I was so proud of finishing it I took a screencap, made a backup, and there is a good chance I will frame that screen cap in the near future. You do some of these missions right once, or you spend 30+ minutes doing them all over again...again and again and again.Let me be clear. I hate this game. I absolutely do. I played he campaign to get it out of my backlog for good, hoping it would be better for my tastes as it was heavily recommended for me. As a huge fan of Xcom, FFT, and the Starcraft series, this strategy game had me wanting to punch my monitor. I recommend other strategy game fans try it to see what they think, as the general consensus for this game IS positive. Just not positive enough for me.Graphics: N/A - They're okay but I don't believe the graphics for this title factor into the score. If they did, it would be a solid 8/10. Mostly because they look clean for what they are, but aren't incredible by any means.Sound/Music: 7/10 - Acceptable. I don't think the Dubstep type music you hear in some levels fit the setting very much. The sound effects the characters give are okay. Guns sound nice.Gameplay: 6/10 - Similar to the Xcom series, the gameplay has some dice rolls when it comes to accuracy and possibly damage done to enemies. This is both a good mechanic and a frustrating one, and on some missions, not a whole lot of skill when it comes to strategy comes into play (i.e. the Ambush campaign mission for those who've played it). You have to get a pretty good start in order to have any chance of finishing.It's a nice touch that characters level up and get better stats. You can apparently also name your team (although I did not).I feel like 90% of the weapons are completely useless. I ended up using I think maybe 5 total weapons throughout the game. I tried using other ones but most of them ended up being just pointless and terrible. Perhaps they're implemented to give a bigger challenge on missions? (i.e. ""You have to do this mission using only p90s!"")Shield class isn't very useful. Appears to be best used for missions with low class enemies (enemies that die fast and don't hurt much). Pointman class also feels pointless. Good starting class I suppose.Overall: 6/10 - Yes, a 6. Again, I hate this game. It has flaws that will have me never playing it ever again. However, please try it out if you're reading this and you like strategy games. You may just fall in love with it. Good luck!"
,Recommended,248610,14195364,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Razoric,"Analyze, strategize and execute. There is nothing more satisfying than watching the plan you put into motion workout perfectly.  I love this game."
76561198098730482,Recommended,248610,26284419,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,alkali.lake,"This game has been on my wishlist for two holiday sales. Since I usually don't buy any ""wargames"" or straight up shooters I was hesitant to buy it, but finally gave in, when it was 50% off, thinking what's there to loose with the steam refund system?To my astonishment, it's a ""simple"" strategy game and that's just up my alley.Plan your way in with your squad, level them up, get new equipment and defuse dangerous situations: rescue hostages, defuse bombs, kill hostiles, save the day.The game itselfs has a huge amount of levels out of the box and with a superb workshop integration can be expanded indefinitely by community made levels and items. It's also really, really easy to make your own maps as a level editor is already integrated int the game. If you don't want to make anything too fancy (new texture, objects, round rooms) you'll be extremely happy with the in-game options for designing new levels.It really is a steal for any price (if you're looking at this review and the game is also 50% off, don't hesitate and just get it!)Here's the checklist of what you can expect:PROs:+ huge amount of levels+ great replayability (play with different squad members, play with different equipment, play from different entry-zones...)+ adequate learning-curve (easy levels to get used to the mechanics)+ ability to play any level at any chosen time (no unlocking levels, everything is available right from the start, though not every level is a good idea to play right away)+ controls are great with and uncluttered and handy interface+ squad members can be renamed and given their own design+ great steam workshop integration+ integrated level editor+ price for what you get is absolutely adequate+ replay ability from almost any starting point within a levelCONs:- campaign mode needs better warning for what happens to killed squad members (once you've figured it out though, you'll remember forever)- not all stats on items are relevant when equippedOverall: 8/10"
,Recommended,248610,30252367,Posted: 28 February,all,Callace Valekren {CoM},Rainbow Six Siege for potato PCs.
,Recommended,248610,29951294,Posted: 15 February,all,Dr. Frog ☭☢,"Door Kickers is a top down, tactical, strategy, shooter, hybrid developed by Killhouse Games.The core gameplay of Door Kickers is controlling a squad of trained SWAT team members as you clear out various locations, ranging from drug dens to warehouse's. The player can pause the game and enter planing mode. In this mode the player and set where their team will move and face to cover every angle. In this mode the player can also prep their squad to breach doors, throw grenades and set various other orders. Once the player resumes time the team will do the actions in real-time, the squad can also be controlled in real-time.The story comes from the games campaigns. Each campaign has permadeath for the squad members, so if a squad member dies in the first mission, they will not be available for any other mission, unless the first mission is restarted. Multiple campaigns with different difficulties, lengths and missions add a fair amount of replay value to the game. Campaigns, however, are locked until the player reaches a high enough profile level. Door Kickers also comes with single missions, some being training missions but most being more challenging. A random mission generator is also available. The player can choose the size of the map and how difficult it is, adding even more replay value.Door Kickers has various classes to be unlocked, from shields to breacher's, all with their own tools, weapons, and customizable names. There are well over 100 weapons and tools for the various classes. Players can complete missions any way they see fit, charging in with assault rifles and shields or stealthy with suppressed submachine guns. Players have complete control of how they execute a mission.Door Kickers does a fair amount right:Has a large variety of guns and classesHas great replay value from various maps and game modesAddictiveFantastic sound designThe art style fits wellDoor Kickers does a few things wrong:The player must unlock the campaignThe guns can be expensive to unlockDoesn't keep the player interested over timeCan be to easy/hard based on skill levelSurprisingly hard to remain stealthyOverall Door kickers is a solid title. With a price tag of $21.99CND, it is a bit pricy for someone who doesn't commonly enjoy this genre of game. If Door Kickers goes on sale, pick it up and try it out, it's a great deal of fun and great for killing some time.Have a good one~Doc"
76561198002933633,Recommended,248610,12613702,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,animalshadow,"It's a shame I didn't reviewed this game earlier, cause Door Kickers definitely should be recommended :)About year ago(30.Sep.2013) I got Door Kickers as Early Access game and then I wrote:""Even for Alpha/Early Access Door Kickers looks so promising and fun.What game lacks for now(from my point of view) - non-lethal weapons, handcuffing and negotiating, by ""negotiating"" I mean - trying to force suspects to surrender and if something goes wrong you're free to shoot.In SWAT-2 before entry you have to negotiate with suspects by ""throwing phone"" or calling to the building directly - this gave you time to plan your entry or even trade out hostages.After that you could go dynamic or stealth according to situation, but all time from start to the end you advancing - slow or fast.But the main feature was that all time you was trying to take all suspects alive, save hostages and try to avoid losing officers.If you will add this-like flavor(no need to copy, just give it flavor as you see it), damn I promise that I'll buy second copy @ Steam :D""After a year of development, Dev  Team added all these features, except ""negotiating"", - but that's ok for me.Without this feature Door Kickers plays like R6 and that's not bad at all.Besides, they have added lot of new features:New modes like ""Drug busting"", ""Hostage Rescue"" and etc.Tons of maps.Scenario Editor.Video Export.Three amazing campaigns.Lot of toys for your Good Guys Team.Sniper AssistWorkshop intergrationAnd many, many more... :)Anyway, would definetly recommend Door Kickers for anyone who played and liked Rainbow 6(R6: Rogue Spear and R6: Raven Shield) and/or SWAT 2, 3 & 4."
76561197965508444,Recommended,248610,12820476,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Sebas,"Fantastic release.Great dynamics, unlimited number of level variations.Rainbow Six is reborn. Brilliant !"
76561198123812487,Recommended,248610,24894636,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,hisheadness1993,"Named my first character Frank Castle, did every mission i could solo and pretended i was the Punisher for 20+ hoursLegitimately the best Punisher simulater out there"
,Recommended,248610,13458657,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Swanberg,"""I love it when a plan comes together!""A mix of Rainbow Six, Swat and Frozen Synapse.I bought this on a hunch, and I was not disappointed.I did not think I would spend this many hours in a game with such simple mechanic.I discovered how challenging and complex it actually is.How satisfying it is when you watch your teams breach and clear rooms with stunning efficiency, and how mad you get when the bad guys put a bullet in one of your operators because you told him to watch the wrong corner.I told you it was more complex than I thought, right?On some of the bigger maps it can sometimes get confusing when your operators movement-lines you draw on the ground get too close to each other. This causes you to adjust the wrong operator sometimes and can be really annoying.I find myself wishing for a feature to temporary hide specific operators lines, so you can adjust that single operator that covers the wrong door in the tangled mess of lines going everywhere. In a future patch maybe!4/5"
,Recommended,248610,10755360,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Bucchus,"Executing a perfect hostage rescue with simultaneous door breaches and flashbangs and a synchronized sniper shot through the window feels good. It doesn't even require crazy APM skills!This is a very enjoyable squad tactics singleplayer game, real time with pause for orders. It's like Swat and early Rainbow Sixes combined with Frozen Synapse with a bit of Xcom-like squad development and permadeath. Missions are quick and intensive deathpuzzles with randomized parts and there's already a pretty well functioning random mission generator that's probably going to get even better. The top-down 2D style is neat looking while functional and the environments are nicely detailed.Currently there's about 70 normal (not randomly generated) missions so it's got lots of content. It's already felt like a complete product in alpha and beta so I find it impossible that it would become worse as the development approaches 1.0 and more features are put in. Really good for those 15-minute lunch break-style playing timeslots."
,Recommended,248610,31306864,Posted: 22 April,all,S S Absolution,"The strengths of the gameplay make up for the few issues that the games does have. The game is surprisingly deep in what you are capable of using as a viable plan due to the customizability of your squad. No mission requires a single form of play, except for the first 4 or 5 Single Missions, which act as tutorials for that portion of the game. This allows for a freedom that is gravely underused in most games. The ability to plan out what you see fit, when you see fit.For example, there are hostage rescue missions where you can choose to kill all the terrorists or simply extract the people you need to extract. You can implement a lethal strategy as your troops breach the compound or you can go for a less lethal but more dangerous approach. The customization you can do yourself to the gameplay allows for a variety of replay-ability.The gameplay is where the game thrives but little annoyances will chip away very slightly at the enjoy-ability of the game. Your SWAT team members will suddenly develop symptoms of can't hit the broadside of a barn-itis. Guys with high powered semi automatic scoped sniper rifles will miss targets at 30 meters with chaotic regularity. Bustin' 15 shots at the criminal with an effectiveness of 0% while his MP7 reaches out and touches me with 100% accuracy at full automatic.Once in a while flash bangs will go off at an enemy's feet but only daze them for fractions of seconds. These problems are not regular occurrences within the entirety of the game but they do appear from time to time and can make for frustrating encounters, especially in some of the harder missions as you progress deep into the enemy contact.Don't get me wrong though, these are rarely ever rage inducing or even close to such. After you're done with the game you will remember a few moments when you got screwed but that's less than 3% of the memories of this game. Almost the entirety of the remainder is as solid as you can find for actual gaming purposes. The audio/soundtrack is ok, but it won't be your favorite. There's not much else to say, this is just a really solid game that really only has a few minor issues. Worth the time and money."
76561198121202949,Recommended,248610,32831652,Posted: 26 June,all,ROMANS 9,"You'll sit down to play Doorkickers and do one or two missions, then you'll look up and realize it's been 4 hours since you sat down. There's strategy, tactics, blowing doors down...what's not to like? It's the perfect chill game. Can't wait for Door Kickers 2!"
,Recommended,248610,15946654,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,k.,"A fun little top-down single-player room clearing game. You usually control a small team, eventually composed of various classes, with a number of tools. You can make elaborate plans and/or clear in real time. Lots of workshop maps. If it's too easy, you can set various challenges for yourself, like tasing and arresting wherever possible instead of shooting, or doing the campaigns with permadeath on for your team members. Seems to be updated periodically. You can pause whenever and leave where you left off, nice when just taking a quick break.TL;DR: It's groovy."
76561198121779323,Recommended,248610,23630716,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,leutthire,"This game is great, I have logged a ton of time on this game and consider it to be my favorite steam game of all time. Even though it is expensive it has a ton of content and allows you to generate your own missions and download other peoples creations form the workshop.Pros:A ton of contentEasy to learn controlsDoes not require a beefy computerSteam workshop allows you to download mods and missionsAllows you to replay and edit you plan for each missionCons:$20 price tag(some people think this is a con but i think the game is worth it)Hard to edit small parts of a troopers pathNo multiplayerI can't play door kickers and write this review at the same timeIn conclusion I recommend this game to anyone who likes casual strategy or fps games."
,Recommended,248610,12604491,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Zooom!,"Really just to affirm that the other positive reviewers are right;It is a very well composed game and provides a great deal of fun with probably 100 hours of 'true' replayability, and then countless more with the map generator and very active _free_ modding community.Probably the key enjoyment is you can execute your plan 10+ times until its perfect and win the 'level' in sub 60seconds :D Then you can do the plan again with different loadouts and explosives etc :D..So yes it is worth the ~$20, but if you get it for less than that its a bargin, truely/genuinely/tbh."
,Recommended,248610,12806373,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,McSniffles,"This brings back memories from the late 90s.  This is the planning stage of Rainbow Six (the original) turned into a game and its done so right.  Everything works smoothly and as expected and there is more content than I could have imagined.  I'm not even done with all the single player missions (NOT INCLUDING THE CAMPAIGN), never mind having 3 stars on all of them.  If you're a fan of top down tactics, you can't go wrong with this game.Pros:Workshop support for extra nostalgia addonsControlsArtContent QuantityContent QualityCons:I can't make a Shield Trooper and another trooper go at the same pace automatically, instead the guy behind winds up walking ahead of the shield so then he gets shot in the face a lot.  Just requires some pausing and micro-managing.Overall fantastic game."
,Recommended,248610,12588158,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Sierra,"Solid tactical gameplay with a great feel to it.The gameplay is divided into two parts, the planning phase and execution phase. The planning allows you to set up waypoints and stops using radio commands. Once in the execution phase you can watch your plan unfold or at any moment take direct control of your men. Add to that troop customization, gadgets, classes and squad perks, and you've got an enjoyable experience at hand.To me the game comes across as polished and well made. I enjoy the graphical style and the sound and atmosphere is good. The big challenge lies in creating a plan that'll allow you to sit back and just watch the execution phase. Difficult, but very satisfying when it works."
,Recommended,248610,13445730,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Royal Redcoat,"This game is amazing! I've played way to much of it, still haven't finished it either... But never the less it's fun, challenging and just diffrent. For me it's my dream game, to be a SWAT Operative ya know? awesome. Clearing rooms with a breach charge, flashbangs, and stinger grenades, just AWESOME right? no? okay. :c Just buy this game it's worth every penny!"
76561198030005313,Recommended,248610,12597197,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,dontpanic69,"Like the old Sierra game, SWAT 2 - but good. One-click mechanics make this game a joy to dip into and out of, and it is likely that the modding community will keep this one alive for a long time to come. Absolutely worth every penny."
,Recommended,248610,843732,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,FatalityWolf,this a simple to pick up and its hard but its brillient loads of fun to have and i look forward to seeing how it progresses
,Recommended,248610,12833194,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,HelmandHunter11B,"Pause. Plan. Execute.The concept is pretty simple to pick up, but difficult to master.  There is nothing more satisfying, however, than watching a plan that you've spent time carefully fine tuning and perfecting to flawlessly be carried out by a squad of 8 who proceed to drop bad guys like its the new fad, save hostages, and defuse bombs; all of which occurs in a matter of seconds.There are 3 campaigns, close to a hundred single missions, and an in-game map editor to create your own missions.  Lastly, my favorite, a scenario generator in which you chose the size of the map and the amount of resistance you're ready to throat punch and the game generates a mission for you.  All of this leads to a lot of replayability.Also included, is a progression and load out system that allows you to customize every member of your squad, from class and weapon selection to special equiptment, portrait, and names.It's easy to see this game as a quick tactical shooting session and only expect to play in short increments, but its even easier to get hooked and start trying new strategies and techniques to get that 3 star rating on a mission.At $20 I can see many people waiting for this to go on sale, but I can assure you that it is absolutely worth it's price."
76561197968928855,Recommended,248610,32676888,Posted: 23 June,all,Atomiczam,Like breach and clear but it's not turn based and with a lot more content.
,Recommended,248610,12618956,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Felicity♡,"A genre that has been growing in popularity since Frozen Synapse and others, this plan-and-breach type SWAT game probably leads the pack. While far less abstract than Frozen Synapse and less chess-like, this is a fun thinking-man's game on how quickly and how efficiently you can clear a building with your plans. Best played only with plans, and not like an RTS."
,Recommended,248610,16758677,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Ravi,"You may or may not be a fan of the movie The A-Team, but you probably know the famous catchphrase from the movie:I love it when a plan comes together.Door Kickers is a game that can give you this feeling. Door Kickers is a difficult but rewarding game with lots of tactics. You are the leader of the SWAT team. You can choose which equipment they will use on a mission and which insertion point is best for the them. You make the plan for the team and hit the play button to see them execute it resulting in a failure or success. You can also pause the game in the middle to change the plan. You can control each SWAT team member on field in real time too!ProsLots of tactics ( One of the best tactics game I played. Reminds me of old SWAT games.)Random placement of enemies everytimeLots of missions to play and you can create your own tooVariety of classes each having their strength and weaknessesSkill tree and lots of equipment you can buy and use (For example Tazer, Hammer and many more)Compaign and Mission replaybility for medalsConsReal time controls are not that goodIf you like planning and strategy then I definitely recommend this game.9/10"
,Recommended,248610,26551887,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Ned,"Rainbow Six without uPlaySWAT4 without having to steal it (seriously, how is that game not on Steam OR GoG??)----In truth, it is like neither of these games.Except perhaps in that you're playing a military-ish squad of dudes with a variety of weapons and tools available.You drag your cursor to tell your individual dudes where to go, not to directly move them, the idea is that you're setting a plan (or altering a plan as needed) and then your SWAT team members execute that plan, shooting at any evildoers along the way. And you can only see what your squad can see via line-of-sight, which means controlling the direction your dudes are facing is of equal importance; it works nothing like most shooters, most of the real gameplay is in the planning stage (in my opinion at least; you actually can play it by ear with some degree of success but you'll almost never get a perfect run doing it that way)Reminded me a lot of Hotline Miami (1), in that, you're gonna screw up a lot, you're gonna swear nigh incoherently A LOT, but somehow still manages to be really really fun, and when you pull off a perfect mission its like SCREW YOU I AM THE SUPERIOR MIND (after failing it to comedic effect 9000 times first). And the fact that restarting and trying again takes next to no time at all, which is good because if you had to watch even a short loading screen every time you restart a mission it'd get tedious real fast.Lots of content, and if it isn't enough for you somehow, full Workshop Support (new maps, skins, guns, FULL support). And a mission generator, which I'm pretty sure everyone uses to cheap some achievements but I've heard it can also generate actual fun missions of whatever difficulty you like (which can be refreshing after you run out of interesting racial slurs to let loose after you've done something marvelously stupid and screwed up an otherwise perfect run on a really hard mission)"
,Recommended,248610,13479037,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Ausrufepunkt,"You command a SWAT Team in different scenarios, be it simply eliminating all the terrorists or missions that include hostages or bombs to defuse.The level variety is great, the different types of mission always make the game seem fresh and provide a challenge.One mission might be a rather simple (but still demanding) run-and-gun assault on a hideout with not much pressure, another one might give you a small 20second window to eliminate a terrorist threatening a hostage.The levels can be approached rather casual if you don't mind casualties, but they are still challenging.Most players will rather take a more tactical approach where you minimize the collateral damage and have a ""more elite"" execution of your plan.The tactical possibilities for each mission seem endless with the variety of weapons and classes.Every mission can be completed with 0 (failed) to 3 stars depending on your performance with additional challenges that add replay value such as ""Only use real time combat"" or ""Only use one plan to finish the mission"", as well as the classic ""Beat this time"".The AI is good and always makes you think twice about your next move, their position also varies from try to try.Conclusion:A really engaging, challenging game that always leaves you satisfied after a mission. Quite some customization (weapons), leveling (different classes, experience, small ""perks"") options and enough missions to keep you busy for a while.Last but not least a small video that showcases how a mission works out after a few hours into the game (created with the ingame replay-to-video function)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sX42lh3nR3s"
,Recommended,248610,14607151,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,tieio,"Took a chance on this game on sale, now I wish I had not have waited, this game is well worth while."
76561197971724802,Recommended,248610,23811317,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Pontifex Maximus,"Door Kickersfocuses on managing your team to complete various complex missions, ranging from killing a set amount of hostiles, to rescuing hostages, to disarming bombs, to arresting a specific target.Door Kickersreally shines with its Real-time strategy elements, which reminds me a lot of the classic real time strategy shooter,Jagged Alliance. It allows you to choose to pause the game at any time to manage your team, using really simple and intuitive controls. I was surprised at how easy everything worked once I understood how to play.I foundDoor Kickersto be really fun to play. It does take a bit of time getting used to the controls and managing your team, but once you get the controls down you can easily get addicted to playing the game and finding new ways to complete the missions. You can also edit and create your own levels using the built in game editor, adding hours of extra game content.THE GOOD- A refreshing gameplay experience- An interesting blend of puzzle and action- Huge variety of weapons and equipment- Addicting gameplay, you feel the need to beat every level in one plan and with one soldierTHE BAD- Weak toturial- Stealth class seems to make Assaulter unnecessary- Can be frustrating at times8/10DISASTER | BAD | MEDIOCRE | OKAY | GOOD |GREAT| AMAZING | MASTERPIECE"
,Recommended,248610,12621544,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,What time is it Eccles?,Very solid little game. Harder than it looks. Decent progression system now. Anyone who like Rainbow 6 -esque games should give it a try.
,Recommended,248610,28868624,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,zac50333,'All Clear.''Tango down.''No tangos.''Man down!''Man down!''Man down!'Very nice game. Level editor is a bt of a faff though.
76561197971738622,Recommended,248610,17152307,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,FizzyB,Don't like doors?Loved Swat 4?BUY THIS GAME.
,Recommended,248610,23827928,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Handsome Ralph,"Fantastic game. If you're a fan of the older Rainbow Six games, this should be right up your alley."
,Recommended,248610,25025491,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,DatArsenalFan,"Summary: The game is awesome & full of tactical challenges.I've got this game in a bundle sale few months back, that's why it was untouched before. Recently I saw the announcement of the sequel so I though let's complete the first game. The game is really well made. Although it is top-down perspective but still graphical details are quite good. The game is challenging and it takes quite a precision planning to get 3 stars.Game play is very simple to learn but hard to master. You'll be presented with a map with few goons (default game comes with 6 campaigns and 75+ standalone maps), some time bomb or hostage or evidences (campaign only). You have to choose 2 or 4 or 8 soldiers and deploy in different location throughout the maps. Locations are pre-defined. Then you have to invade the map and kill the goons or capture the evidences or stop the bomb timer or rescue hostages.However, it requires precision timing and path / action assignment to coordinated attacks so that your soldiers don’t get injured (or killed). In hostage rescue situation, you’ll have to do it multiple times because you’ll die a lot or a goon has killed a hostage (strictly not allowed). This part is really challenging for softcore gamer like me.If I want to give point to this game,I’d give 8 out of 10. One of the best indie game in recent time. A must-have title.PS:This game has mod support; Steam workshop has lots of community created maps for more enjoyment."
,Recommended,248610,20054232,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Pace,"Door Kickers - 8.5/10Door Kickers is an addicting and challenging game, that hooked me from the first level. Much like Hotline Miami, the theme of a SWAT team making dangerous and daring rescue attempts is merely a cover up for Door Kickers' core puzzle like mechanics. The awesome feeling of pulling off a succsessful three star rescue attempt, after carefully planning down to the micro level each individual action of our members is second to none.The game presents you with several ways to access missions and earn currency (currency allows you to purchase different weapons and gear).Playing missions in each of the campaigns (there are currently 6 campaigns)Playing each of the over 100 standalone missionsDownloading maps from the workshop (These do not get you currency)Making your own maps (These do not get you currency)The unlockable gear allows you to customise each opertive and in the later game it often makes sense to give each of your opperative a weapoin tailored to what they will have to do. Alongside this, there are also 5 classes, Pointman, Assaulter, Breacher, Stealth and Shield. They each have unique weapons and some shared weapons, as well as unique equipment.There is lots of good things to say about Door Kickers, but there are also a few issue at the moment.You are not able to reshape the path of an opperative without getting rid of all the rest of the path.The unlock system can be tedious at times and it can sometimes feel like a grind.Sometimes when you spend a long time creating a plan in order to get three stars, and then you have to quit the game or you feel like changing levels. There is no way to save your plan so you have to remake it when you come back.Overall door kickers is a great game that will easily last you 20 hours, and most likely even more. It is a particullarly good game to just pick up and play for short ammount of time, once you have unlocked a few of the weapons. BUY IT!"
,Recommended,248610,32277160,Posted: 8 June,all,bad,"One word: Great! Doorkickers is one of those hidden gems that doesn't really get enough appreciation. Doorkickers puts your tactical skills to the test, by making you the leader of a tactical operations team, you have to issue different commands for up to 8 different team members, when you make your plan, tweaking it to perfection,  you press ""SPACE"" and let the bullets fly. Really one of it's kind, for what it is, the game is amazing, giving me hours of tactical fun, grab it if you can!"
76561198025747574,Not Recommended,248610,19187003,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Morehouse928,"Now before I go into my review I want to make one thing clear. I love this game. It is a very cool experience for those looking for a tactical strategy challenge of commanding a swat team breaching a building. However, there are just a few things that ruin the experience for me in some cases.First: The AIThe biggest problem that I have with the enemy AI is that they constantly open doors and just run out of them without and moments thought instead of posting up and keeping there guns trained on a door as they should be doing. Watching my guys mow down half of the enemy on one level just because they kept moving down a narrow hallway instead of fortifying themselves really broke my immersion.Second: Lack of Surrender OptionIf I was playing a military game, I wouldn't have a problem with my troops just gunning down unsuspecting enemies, and inspite of what people might think, SWAT team members are NOT allowed to open fire first unless they give proper warning and demand surrender from the enemy. The fact that this doesn't happen, and for a game that I assume is supposed to be simulating SWAT team breaches, really is disappointing when you compare it to something like SWAT 4 which this game seems to emulate from a strategic standpoint.Third: IrratationNow while some people may get the joy of going through a level for an hour trying to create the perfect plan, that isn't me. I'm the kind of guy who likes to do a level only a few times and not have to rely on trial and error mechanics to complete a level. And when I do complete one I don't feel sastisfaction at all.Fourth: ProgressionTo be fair, I'm not sure what progression system I would have chosen for this game, but I don't know if a star system like on mobiles games would have been the route I went. Really makes grinding extremely annoying. Plus I end up just not using most of the weapons and only go for the ones that are the best in the game.Fifth: Hostage Death = RestartThis is probably this most frustrating aspect of this game. I'm not sure what real life SWAT would consider a hostage being killed a failure, but being forced to restart the entire level just because one hostage out of like 12 gets killed is overly punishing. Especially if you consider that the SAS (I know its not SWAT but still) raid on the Iranian Embassy was considered a success even though a hostage was killed in the siege.Sixth: PriceFor a game that is $20, it just doesn't feel like it is worth $20 in the end. (I would recommend this game for $5 when it goes on sale but no more) DISAVOWED. $5 definitely pick this up, $10 sure, $15 eh pushing it but would still recommend, $20 no (at least for me). Some people might think this game is worth $20, which is perfectly fine if they believe so, but for me personally $15 would probably be a better base price tag.Overall, its a great concept and a good game, but it needs to lower its price and work on some of its flaws before I can change my review to positive."
,Recommended,248610,23749310,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Martin·Ni,Hello! Your pizza! Open the door plz!Pa Pa Pa...... Tango down!
76561198047051753,Recommended,248610,22122687,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,-[TdC]-SoLo.it,"Really feels like Rainbow Six, but in top down view.Still a simple game, but still a very nice & polished product.Highly recomended."
76561198079897593,Recommended,248610,12883594,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,jawzx01,"Fantastic game. Highly recommended. Harkens back to Rainbow Six (as you'll constantly read). Focusing on this game, however, it has solid gameplay mechanics. And is fair in it's execution. I did run in to one level that I couldn’t figure out but that was one level out of hundreds.And yes, this game has 100s of prebuilt scenarios. Also, it has a random mission generator. You get your money's worth and it's fun.There is not too much story -- actually, no story is fair to note but there is are 3 different ""campaigns"" that you can go through. Also the aforementioned 100s of missions and then the mission generator. So, again, a ton of content to be had.I don't have many complaints with the game. I suppose I wish it explained some the gear a bit better but for the most part you figure it out. To the best of my knowledge, a good portion of items are interchangeable. I could be wrong, who knows...Strongly recommended. Just buy it. Don't wait for a sale or anything silly. If you enjoy rainbow six (the planning phase, I should mention) and you like strat games, just buy it. It's an indie; support these guys and they can then bring out more awesome games.The game is well optimized. It runs on my older laptops with ease as far as I can tell. No performance concerns to note."
,Recommended,248610,16568564,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,ZicYcaZ,"I woke up in a jailcell this morning.The police officer told me I kicked into my neighbor's doorApparently I was yelling ""Tango down"" and ""Room clear""Then I took their cat and shouted ""Hostage rescued""10/10Would get arrested again."
,Recommended,248610,25063488,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,TwilightKillerX,"It's nice, reminds me ofSWAT 4.It seems like a lot to take in, and certainly it takes a few mission runs before you become used to all the options available to you. But once you've gotten a few missions under your belt, ordering your squad elements and moving along with them becomes second nature.The structure of the campaign seems to mimic this standard learning curve, as the first few missions are rather simple and easy, but the difficulty ramps up considerably in the later missions, where you'll find complicated building architecture and numerous heavily armed suspects."
76561198119687845,Recommended,248610,30972631,Posted: 5 April,all,Monkey shooter,"Dope raid mission basics:""They're here!""""They're Smashing the evidence!""""They're Smashing the evidence!""""We need to stop them!""""They're getting rid of the dope!""""We need to stop them!""""We need to stop them!""""They're smashing the evidence!""""They're getting rid of the dope!""(Gun fire.)""Man down!""""They're getting rid of the dope!""""We need to stop them!""""Man down!""""We need to stop them!""""They're smashing the evidence!""""Man down!""""Man down!""""They're smashing the evidence!""""They're getting rid of the dope!""""They're getting rid of the dope!""""They're smashing the evidence!""""We need to stop them!""""Man down!""""Mission failed!"""
76561198091350928,Recommended,248610,32858100,Posted: 27 June,all,Navyator,"This game gives much more bang for your buck than it would seem at first. There is plenty of content and levels, plenty of new opportunities, and a level editor to top it off. Couldn't reccomend it enough, especially at a sale price. However, even for $20 this is a great one that will keep you interested for hours without break."
,Recommended,248610,8477030,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Kimthulhu,"This game is seriously promising, it's tons of fun and has a mission maker so you can make challenges for your friends!"
76561198003819705,Recommended,248610,8544123,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,pks,"A top down Ghost Recon/Rainbow Six hybrid, very awesome."
,Recommended,248610,9887083,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,racist mario,"it's ok i guess, ive never played these kinda games before but it seems more of a glorified puzzle game than anythingit's pretty cool though for the most part your people react to what's around them but once i had someone die because his backup refused to turn around and that was sad but i didn't care because this game doesn't have an option to give your characters names, if you could id name someone after my friend pomon and constantly have him killed because that's how i feel right nowEDIT: I would just like to add that i do have a huge problem with one of the things in the game:mission generator!WHY DOES IT MAKE A HUGE MAP AND THEN SHOVE FIFTY DUDES IN THE SAME ROOM"
76561198007024056,Recommended,248610,32873359,Posted: 27 June,all,DP,It make me miss the old Swat 4 !
76561198103437568,Recommended,248610,18518740,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,FlamingWingMan,Unlocks shieldThinks shield is opUses all 4 members as shieldsCan't open door without assaulter11/10 door opening simulator
,Recommended,248610,10438516,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,The Mother Fucking Major F R E T,"Doorkickers is an indie RTS/Puzzle game which involves you leading a SWAT team through missions. I've been following this game since late Alpha and have enjoyed it since it's early form. The gameplay is quite simple, but is hard to master.Basically you give your team check points to go to through the mission area. You tell them where to go, where to face, what to use and so on. It's somewhat similar to the mission planning of the old Rainbow Six games but now in live action, with a live pause available.The game features five classes that your officers can pick from. Pointman, Assaulter, Breacher, Stealth and Shield. The Pointman is the fastest through the door, but only wields a handgun. The Assaulter packs either an SMG or an assault rifle and is best at ranged gun fights. Breachers wield shotguns and can blow doorlocks off. Stealth wield silenced weapons and move quieter. Shield men wield large shields that stop bullets. In my opinion, most of the classes are useful, but I don't really use the shields as they are slow, and are doomed if they are flanked.There is about 80 single missions, 3 campaigns, a random mission generator and an simple editor so there is a lot of content on offer. The campaigns aren't very story driven, at all. There isn't a paragraph describing any story. I'm not saying it ruins the experience but it would have been nice to have that. Officers do take injuries during missions and can die, but this only really affects the campaign. The campaigns are quite short, but entertaining, and are worth replaying for experience points and stars (explained later).Although this game is mainly about planning, there is a bit of luck involved. I'd say it's 9/10 planning and 1/10 luck. Just know that♥♥♥♥♥♥poor planning leads to♥♥♥♥♥♥poor performance. One great thing about this game, is you can wing it, or plan the whole mission out (which gives a bonus in EXP).You unfortunately do have to unlock equipment during the game. Troopers level up during missions, and your entire squad levels up as well. Leveling troopers grants them better speed with shooting and using tools and accuracy. Leveling the squad grants doctrine points which grant all members improved abilities such as accuracy boosts, and one shot door breaching. It also gives access to more classes, as you only start with pointmen.Another thing worth noting is that you have to unlock weapons, by acquiring stars during missions. You get one for completing, one for having all troopers alive and one for beating it under time. It can be challenging getting all 3 stars on some missions but the rewards are worth it.One complaint I will make is that you have to erase all of your checkpoints ahead of a checkpoint if you want to make changes. This can make it more time consuming to change plans. I also find that sometimes I accidentally erase points which can be very frustrating.Another issue is the new story mechanic. Some missions have multiple levels but to be honest changing between them is quite awkward in my opinion and I feel the game would be better without them.My other complaint is that this game doesn't have a solid tutorial. Fortunately you can practice all you like on the single missions without an issue.The graphics of this game are quite simple, but I honestly think it's unfair to expect better from a 3 man indie team considering the scale of this game, and it's certainly better looking than a Unity engine game and to be honest the menu background looks great.Doorkickers has been my first adventure into PC indie gaming, and easily the best. A small, and passionate team who actually listen to the players, and use the advice to develop a competent and entertaining game that was realistically achievable. I'd give Doorkickers a 9/10."
76561198040060913,Recommended,248610,16449206,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Memento64,"Door kickers is Awesome!Your OfficersYou can have a total of 10 officers. You will give each officer a class which you can change at any time before a mission starts. There are 5 classes total, 4 to unlock. You start with Pointman and unlock Assaulter, Shield, Breacher and finally Stealth. You then customize each officers class specific gear.Officer Ranking and Squad RankingEach officer has his or her own rank which increases as they complete missions successfully. Their skill level increases with rank. As your officers rank up so does your overall squad rank.DoctrineEach time your squad rank increases you gain a doctrine point. These points are spent on pistol skills, long gun skills and shotgun skills. These skills are passive and improve every officer regardless of their rank.DeathYour officers can die permanently and will be replaced with rookie officers if you choose to continue after a  successful mission. If you restart the mission you will still have that said officer for consecutive attempts.Missions and GearEach mission has a 3 star rating system. Each star awarded is currency to unlock gear. Gear is unlocked for the entire squad once you spend the stars. There are single missions, campaign missions and a mission generator for random missions. There is also the mission editor and steam workshop. You can plan a mission from beginning to end before you start. You can also pause the game anytime to plan as you go. If you are really brave you don't have to pause at all. It is very rewarding to watch your officers execute a perfect plan. You can even save replays and export videos in game.ConclusionIt takes 10 minutes to plan a mission and anywhere from 5 seconds to 2 minutes to execute the takedowns. This game could probably be used as a training tool if given to the right people. Door kickers is all about tacticle planning and strategy. Very fun game to play! Easily worth the full price but if you see it on sale don't hesitate to pick this one up."
,Recommended,248610,33330064,Posted: 6 July,all,CarlPole,"Dark Souls hasn't made me rage this much.Pretty good though.But some encounters are just insanely hard if you wanna do it without losing a single person. Or I just suck, probably."
,Recommended,248610,8666525,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,BOY SMINEM COOL,"this game may be in mid alpha,but the control system is fluid and easy to pick up, high hopes for this game!"
76561198120598240,Recommended,248610,8519748,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,abi4euan,I really like this game because it is a strategy/Swat game which is a good mix of different styles.
,Recommended,248610,32949988,Posted: 28 June,all,Potoroo,"A cool but challenging game, with a nice content."
76561198002473874,Recommended,248610,12870442,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,FerociousFerret,"This game is top of the line and possibly the best tactics simulator ever.   Large amounts of enemies.  Brings a lot of tactical options with the ""Go"" system.  Timing is everything in this game as it would be in reality.Other games of this genre struggle.  Suffiently stupid enemies, no fog of war, etc. but Door Kickers really does this genre proud."
,Recommended,248610,33213117,Posted: 3 July,all,SizkAK,"Almost immediately after I’m spotted, the bad guys kill the hostage. I take a brief moment to unleash a string of curses and rack my brain. There must be another route I can take, another plan that would give this scenario a happy ending. I tinker with the map and reset, and soon I hear a meaty splat as the hostage gets killed again.Door Kickers is a game about cops kicking down doors, and these doors are a lot of fun to kick down. It is also very hard, and I love it for that. Played from a top-down, pausable view, this is the game that happens when Rainbow Six’s planning stage grows up and finds a home on a modern engine. It is also one of the most finely detailed, cleverly executed puzzle games I’ve played in years.Fog of warEach mission in Door Kickers starts with a deployment phase. Within this phase, I see the target house as a set of blueprints, atop which I can change shooters’ equipment and starting positions. As missions become more complex, the deployment phase becomes where I make some of my most important decisions. Door Kickers is a great tactical game because it is a great question generator:Are there narrow hallways? Will all firefights be up close? Are there hostages? Do I have sharpshooter support? Is there furniture? Is there evidence to save? Do the bad guys have bigger guns than me? Every piece of information changes the ideal approach and forces adaptation.After the deployment screen, the mission begins with time paused. From the paused overview, I drag paths for officers to follow, change the direction they’re covering, and order them to breach a door. This simple array of options becomes a complicated choreography of death pretty fast. In later missions, my eight officers follow a dance routine with hundreds of steps, pauses, shooting angles, and go-codes. Giving these orders is straightforward and malleable, but the interface is missing some important functions. If I give two units overlapping paths (walking single-file next to a wall, for example), I don’t have any way of selecting one trail over another when I want to edit it. To work around this, I have my units walk behind and to the side of each other, but that’s frequently a poor decision, tactics-wise. With eight officers in a narrow hallways, it also gets downright silly.Some of the other limitations of this system are simply built into the game engine: there’s no crouching or leaning, so the game’s combat takes place entirely on a two-dimensional plane with straight lines. It rarely feels as flat as it is, but there are occasions where I would love to stack a crouched unit under a standing unit, and these are the times when the game’s simulation feels most like a puzzle game and least like a camera looking down on a real-life SWAT situation.Crime waveAfter learning the basic commands, which the early missions walk through gently, I set about trying to ace each of the 78 standalone missions, running them over and over again to correct my dumb mistakes. This takes hours and hours, and should I suddenly become talented at Door Kickers (unlikely), I’ll have a powerful map editor ready to create more. The Steam community is populating the integrated Workshop with almost 200 new scenarios, many of which are indistinguishable from the professional efforts. This is the game’s greatest strength: failure is instructive, puzzles are infinite, and restarting is effortless. In some ways the process of attacking a new map reminds me of debugging computer code: first go here, then go here, then do this. Compile. Oops. Do it again.I don’t mean to make Door Kickers sound dry. This is a flashy, interesting world full of seedy drug dens and cartel-owned mansions. Blood sprays and broken glass chart my violent progress through every level. And Door Kickers has amazing sound design. The soundtrack is a little too wub-wub for my tastes, but I can’t deny that it runs perfectly underneath splintering doorframes and crackling submachine guns.It’s definitely not dry, but it may be slightly too distilled. I find myself mildly uncomfortable with a game that celebrates the trappings of the warrior cop. Every bad guy in the game, from cartel enforcers to bank robbers, is designated as a “terrorist” in the map description. Every solution to every problem is swift and lethal. Every upgrade is a bigger gun. While it is technically possible to subdue and arrest criminals with tasers, the game gives no incentive or reward for anything less than obliteration.There’s also no story at all, which simultaneously makes it feel more like a puzzle game and less connected to the consequences of violent law enforcement. There are five campaigns available, with more planned by the dev team, but these are just several thematically connected missions run in sequence. The campaigns raise the stakes for perfectly executing missions, but this is not a game that is interested in telling a story.And in many ways more germane than my squeamishness surrounding current events and aggressive policing, that’s perfectly fine. Door Kickers isn’t interested in politics, and no one is going to demand my gun and my badge at the end of the day. This is a finely, keenly produced expression of a problem (a room full of baddies) and its solution (guns). I find that I’m happy to set aside my reservations and enjoy what is, in every meaningful respect, a puzzle game worth solving."
76561198033418193,Recommended,248610,8140207,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Harry,"This is a lovely game, Involves using your mind to think about the situation at hand. You can choose to go Loud and Breach the door with explosives, chuck a flashbang in and clear the room or you can go silent, opening the doors and using suppressed weapons.It's all your choice!"
,Recommended,248610,20761641,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Ice,"When I play the first mission, it's very fresh, but after several mission, it's a bit tedious, for you need playing a lot to unlock the careers and skills, weapons, equipments.And I only have 2 troopers and handgun at first...Luckily enough flash grenade and they will never die...It's easy at first, so I just kill them. I realize the hostile will notice that the troopers here once you make some sound and they will make some actions, but the their position is terrible at first, so it doesn't bring any trouble to me. Until the 10th mission, I got trouble, big trouble...They attack me at my rear! I only got 2 troopers to against more than 5 guys and I got nothing to stop the sound with kicking, flashing or gun! So you really need some tactic, also skills and good weapon may needed.I also tried the Campaign, different from the Mission, you will lose your troopers if they dead. But don't worry, only works in the Campaign and you can reset it anytime you want( such as you got no chance to win).Still playing, so I'll keep updating this review."
76561198042975566,Recommended,248610,25094443,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Chin03,"After proudly playing this game for several hours I can say: This game is amazing. It has an immense amount of missions with several different scenario's where the same tactics don't work every single time, so don't worry about things getting repetative, the only way you can upgrade your squad is via completing missions and using the stars you gain to purchase weaponry, armor, tactical items, excetera, so that means you have a reason to do your best. Is this game frustrating? Absolutely, but what game isn't at times? Getting bored of what you see? Want something else? Want to burst into a crowded mall dressed like stormtroopers with miniguns? Want to kill your enemy's with the power of Dubstep? Or do you just think the games music is shoddy? Look no further! Mods take care of your extra wants and needs, all it takes is to click ""Subscribe"" to an item on the steam workshop item. This game can also run on a potato of a computer, so no need for a super setup.Overall, do I recommend this game? Absolutely."
76561198071660164,Recommended,248610,24996284,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,shaidr733,Awesome.Also dev support is superb.
,Recommended,248610,12646775,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Galactor's Meme Bean Machine,"In a world where there probably will not be a Swat 5, this is your substitute. Do not look at any others, as this currently IS it. And even for a top down shooter experience, this thing ain't a bad substitute either. You get that same sort of pull your hair out ""BUT THE ♥♥♥♥ER WAS RIGHT THERE"" experience that you do in Swat 4, and of course the much more fun sigh of relief when you actually DO experience everything perfectly.Plus, the shorter levels and plethora of mods make this an excellent reimagning on the genre, and alleviate some of the more rage quittingly high levels of difficulty that Swat 4 became equally famous for..."
,Recommended,248610,16901851,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,-DI- Lost Haole,This has quickly become one of my favorite games of all time. I'm constantly learning new things I can do to improve my times and cut back on casualties. I am extremely happy with what I paid for. Though I do have an immense dislike for the execution style missions...
,Recommended,248610,9211616,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Vîtellus,"Door Kickers is a top-down SWAT 3/4, so far it is very polished and very fun, open ended with the ability to do the mission as you please, either gung-ho and loud, or stealthy with suppresors. With more to come, including modding abilities and steam workshop uploading, this bad boy has not only awesome replayability at it's current Alpha state (Alpha 9), it is destined to have more bang for your buck at its basement bargain price. Pick it up today!OK, so let's update this review.This is one of those games that had early access, and I was very impressed with what they were working towards. Lose internet for six months, the Alpha kept me satisfied. Get back online, get the updates, and ERROR HOUSTON WE HAS PROBS. Damn game wouldn't start. So go to the forums, and shoot some basics to the devs, they have me drop them a real email with my problems.Within an hour, the co-founder of the dev comany was doing some troubleshooting (DAN, YOU ROCK!), got my pertinent info, and all problems solved.Needless to say, this game surpassed my initial expectations in Alpha. This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ yo. Get it, especially if you're a strategy fan, this is just the bees knees."
,Recommended,248610,10026464,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Bodge,"When I first played Door Kickers it was a few missions in a shoothouse with a few guys available. Since then the team has added loads to a very easy to learn but tricky and satisfying to perfect game model. It brings back memories of the early Swat games and the tenseness of entering a room is great. The balance between direct controlling units and ordering team mates via go commands allows for some immensely satisfying moments when it all goes slickly. Some times it doesn't and everyone dies, tough luck it was your fault not the game, you learn and then do it all over again slightly better.All in all it is just nice to see a greenlit game that is well put together and well supported."
,Recommended,248610,22838100,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Hexelarity,Firstly this game is a masterpiece. And i love that there are the ups and downs but in general this game has no mistakes.Pro's:TacticalMap EditorWorkshopLOTS of mapstop-downCon's:Maps disapearcant see downloaded mapsmap editor is jerk sometimesdamn storageConclusion:Game is well developed and made. Though there are some bugs and mistakes the game is great and well worth 50 hours of my life. i have had so much fun with this game and it barely even requires a gaming pc. Get this game while its on sale its great and worth the money.
76561197998376655,Recommended,248610,8607844,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Nippy_,"Let me start by saying that I'm just a casual gamer that's into a variety of games, and had never heard of these developers (or really any indie devs!) before this game. I don't benefit at all by giving this a positive review, except perhaps by helping to share this great game and thus contribute indirectly to the sales and community - possibly allowing the devs to make it even better!Door Kickers is a Fantastic Game!! -- One of the best I've ever played, and there's still lots more to come! Door Kickers offers an enjoyable, realistic and informative peek into the world of tactical response police and special forces that is very secretive and usually hard to find (portrayed even semi-accurately at least) in the entertainment world. In a simple, fun, and effective way it showcases realistic tactics, weaponry, gadgets, radio chatter and movements in a variety of hostage, bomb defusal, room clearing and even tubular assault scenarios.Door Kickers is particularly enjoyable if you're into Police or Military Tactical Response/SWAT or Special Forces, but even if you're not, it's still an amazing and rewarding tactical game that enables you to think, plan and execute different strategies in a variety of different scenarios. It's NOT an exceedingly difficult game by any means, but there is plenty of room for perfectionist work if you so desire. Although the trailers play at full speed, there is a tactical pause feature that lets you think, plan and execute your strategies as fast or slow as you want.Would recommend Door Kickers to everyone! Lots of very cool new stuff is promised in the near future, such as Snipers, Ballistic Shields, Tazers, and a Campaign (in addition to the dozens of single missions currently available). The updates have been released very regularly so far - the devs obviously care about the game and have already implemented alot of suggestions from the community!   In short, you should get it!  You won't regret buying this game!    11/10!"
,Recommended,248610,12695079,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,RazeEverything,Top down Rainbow Six. Perfect.
76561198034379048,Recommended,248610,28880539,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Soxxox Smox,"Fans of Frozen Synapse, Breach and Clear, and other similar tactical games will love Doorkickers, and with good reason - it has a lot to offer, whether you're a meticulous perfectionist or you prefer to run your plans fast and loose. Since you can pause the game to revise your plan (or even alter it in real-time) at any point, it's entirely up to you how active you want to be in guiding your soldiers through each level. You can even try to run a mission with a single trooper. Outside of missions, you can spend the stars you've earned to unlock new equipment for your troopers, and experience will unlock small skill improvements. All the elements of the game come together fairly well - the differences in classes and weapons are small enough that players who aren't concerned with meticulously min-maxing their loadouts can ignore them, but still significant enough to allow for lots of tactical options. The simple controls mean you can create plans and revise plans very quickly and easily.Doorkickers does have a few issues, particularly with the control scheme. It's sometimes difficult to predict what a particular trooper will do in a particular situation, particularly if you're the kind of player who likes to plan the whole mission out ahead of time. For example, if you order a trooper to breach a room with a flashbang, and that door is already open when he arrives at it, he will head in without throwing one, sometimes leading to his death. Multi-story buildings don't allow you to create plans past the first story. Missions with lots of troopers will clutter up the screen with countless paths and orders.Perhaps most frustrating to me, as someone who is used to Frozen Synapse's determinism, is the element of randomness in every engagement. Sometimes the difference between a good plan resulting in success or total failure is up to random enemy unit placements and split-second chances, meaning that to get that perfect 3 star score, you sometimes just have to keep running the mission until the stars align and everything goes right.But I think it says something about how much fun Doorkickers is that despite these annoyances, I'm still heavily recommending it. I've had a lot of fun with it so far and it's great for a quick fix of tactical gameplay. As I'm writing this, it's on sale for 2.99 which is a fantastic deal.Oh the soundtrack is nice too."
,Recommended,248610,9137911,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,NFC3SPECTRO,"A real Old School Game! Not a fake ""Next Gen"" or other subtitle, its a real OLD SCHOOL GAME! Thanks guys excelente game work! Good game and good price!Jogo excelente aos moldes de clássicos como swat 2! Vale pena comprar somente pelo trabalho e iniciativa do pessoal excelente produto! Simples, tem que ser melhorado mas para os amantes da tática e militaria provém pequenos momentos de diversão, vale a pena pagar o preço justo para incentivar não só melhoramentos como jogos dessa natureza! Muitas empresas estão colocando selinho next gen nos jogos, sinceramente, muito bonitos alguns, mas falta a eles game play old school, de um modo geral são bonitos na engine mas fracos no concept do produto, parabéns aos produtores deste game!"
,Recommended,248610,14605273,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,compano,"Pros:Kick doors, alotCons:People might try to stop you kicking said doors."
,Recommended,248610,25358352,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Gyrosaurus,It's a good game. And it gets better as you get better. And It's sweet entertainment for short and long sessions alike. A must buy. 9/10
,Recommended,248610,28929529,Posted: 1 January,all,H2 Hellonwheels999,WOW yea definatley a keeper after a less than a hour its well worth buying especially on sale. I get really sceptical about certain games especialy games like this but let me tell you its a good buy.ProsGreat graphics (for a top down)Great stratigic sense ie. planning your route what angles to look ect.Easy to learn as few pointers but not rediculious to where you want them to go away it has a tutorial and it literally is a             screen that tells you the motions and waht to press for what - again very easy to learnCons:  (not many)Cant start campaign until lvl 6 but it doesnt take long to get there but by then youll have ample time to get good at controlsNothing else I've found yet for consMust buy!!! Very good game. Onsale or not totally worth it!
76561198118745558,Recommended,248610,28039228,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,risleyboy,"This is one of the best tatical games I have played in a long time. While I am still figuring out the full logistics of the game, it has been so fun, that a review was in order. Getting started is easy as the tutorial gives you all of the necessary elements of the game and it takes a few tries before you become an adept. Even then, you are always learning and changing game plans or ideas as you progress through the game. Customization is at its best and a great perk this game has to offer are the ai's, which are placed randomly at the start of every level and seem to have great logic to them. I have not seen the ai's do stupid stuff such as stand around like dummies, in fact, I actually had one terrorist come out of the house to shoot my cop. This means that restarting each scenario will always be slightly different making past plans fruitless agianst new attempts putting this game as another one with a hundred plus hours on it."
,Recommended,248610,8695994,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Classy^^,"Aww yeah, bought this game with some remaining money I had, didn't expect anything big to happen ... BAM 8 hours in 2 days into the game, don't regret the purchase and I'm still playing it ... Can't wait to see more updates incoming :3"
76561198192295727,Recommended,248610,24035853,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,RASHED,"Door kickers ...The best tactical game i've ever played.The game is based on a Real-Time-Strategy [Free pause] [2D view] ,the contorl of the game is kept fairly simple but the game itself is chllenging while the S.W.A.T squad customization is really one of the things that made me like the game, ther's several classes, many wepons,vests and breach tools,I strongly recommend this game to any tactical games fan....Can't wait until door kickers 2 is released [3D view, New weapons, classes, maps and more .....] ^_^"
,Recommended,248610,8078268,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Breaded Chicken,"This is a great game for those of you that enjoyed games like the Swat series, Jagged Alliance, and ""Breach & Clear (On Android/iOS systems and or Tactical and strategy enthusist.  This game combines tactical with strategy allowing you to setup your SWAT team by choosing the weaponery, stacking your units on a door to either breach/bang/c2/kick/shoot the door, and sweep the room guns blazing or going stealth.Amazingly the game allows you to pause and coordinate your manuvers. For example if I want my men to look a certain direction when sweeping a room, it allows me to do it with ease. The gameplay is pretty straight foward and easy, it can be tough though, espicially if you don't coordinate wisely. In other words it's very easy to have a man down so be careful. Lastly, the A.I. is pretty good, sometimes they all end up coming to you which can be unrealistic but other times they can be super realistic. Espcially when you have a hostage sceneario.The hostage A.I. are pretty complex too, If you kill the other suspects for every shot the hostage taker hears, he takes a gamble on whether he will kill the hostage, wait, or investiage. If you're LE, Military, or just love being tactical, this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,248610,33345963,Posted: 7 July,all,MAUP1N,Tough levels that force you to think. Almost like a tactical game of chess. Great game
76561197966444686,Recommended,248610,27786345,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,aLxs,"Door Kickers is a really good game, its like the planning mode in the old Rainbow Six games. There are lots of missions and four different types of missions: hostage rescue missions, bomb defusing missions, VIP rescue missions and standard ""kill a terrorists"". You can specialize your squad in five different types of policemen, so lots of variation in the strategy.I recommend it to everybody who likes solving puzzles and/or liked the old Rainbow Six planning mode."
76561198129170586,Recommended,248610,24898347,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,007darth,Cool strategy game. Love how it plays.
76561198318971624,Recommended,248610,24980231,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Kriegswolf,"Very solid experience with numerous challenging levels and campaigns. The mods in the workshop extend the life of Doorkickers quite a bit, turning the game from your troopers using basic SWAT weapons and equipment, to full on millitary grade weaponary, armor, grenades, etc.Highly recomend if you loved the planning phases in the old school rainbow six games."
,Recommended,248610,7819435,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Tankred,"This game is stressful. It is heart-pounding. It is intense. Even in Alpha, it will show you no mercy.And it is amazing.This brings the true and terrifying elements of CQC/CQB in a method that makes sense and is a ton of fun, even in Alpha. Of course, if it's great in Alpha, that just means there's more greatness on the way.I highly recommend this game, both to those hardcore Mil-Simmers and the casual gamer, since it's fun all around."
,Recommended,248610,29827064,Posted: 10 February,all,DoomMunky,"Doorkickers is TOTALLY COMPELLING.You maneuver your team (often just two operatives in the early missions) through a space, using a waypoint order system - and you can pause at any time to issue new orders or completely change your plan. And every map has slightly randomized enemy placement, so you can't just learn the board and precisely plan for it; one run thru will go wonderfully, but on a second try for more points, both operatives will be killed when the enemy placement changes just a bit. So it becomes not about learning the maps, but learning good tactical discipline, regardless of the map. And enemies are smart; I've been snuck up on and ambushed.By going back through the early missions several times with untested, rookie operatives I was able to unlock the Assaulter class quite quickly - what has been described as a 'grind' looks a lot more like skill refinement, to me. When I got to a campaign mission and was completely owned - repeatedly - on the second map, I realized my command of my abilities was quite lacking, and went back to polish up. I've also been watching some enjoyably brief Let's Plays (by RedatMath) and seeing I haven't even used certain tools in my early arsenal, like the camera wand or breaching charges. So complaints of having to grind for simple tools don't resonate with me - the game feels like it's asking me to gain mastery with my starting toolset before widening it. Overall, I'm finding it a very enjoyable tactical hole to climb inside; there's always another way to handle a room, another challenge from a room with too many entrances, and another door that needs to be viciously kicked and stormed through.10/10 would run in and get shot again."
,Recommended,248610,10490045,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,grant0417,"Very Hard, Very Customizable, Very Fun. Would suggest to any one who likes strategy and shooters."
,Recommended,248610,11192267,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Talamander,"This is one of the most refeshing takes on tactical shooters I've played in the past few years. Everything in this game is simple to allow just about anyone to pick it up and play, yet still allows an immense sense of depth and tactics. I'm a huge miltary nerd when it comes to CQC tactics, needless to say I couldnt checkout fast enough when I figured out what this game actually was.It cures that tactical itch that hasen't been touched since the early Rainbow Six / Ghost recon days. Yeah it's THAT good. This game is an unforgiving monster, but at the same time is as sweet as candy when you know what your doing. Setting up your entire plan in one step, then watching all your men carry them out with precision... that's something that never fails to bring a smile to my face.I jumped on the bandwagon pretty early, and every alpha that gets released I find myself saying ""How did I live without this?"" This game started out solid, and improves by leaps and bounds with every alpha released. The Devs. are also a great group of guys, always listining to the fans for feedback and future ideas. Two thumbs up to all of you at Killhouse, you guys are freaking awesome!"
76561198033563571,Recommended,248610,12811181,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Mr. T(erra),Good game. Tactical RTS RPGish hybrid plenty of fun. The campaign however seems to suffer from bug in the second mission of the first campaign which lock you out of retrying if you hit continue instead of retry. Hope they will fix it soon. It's a very annoying bug and as far as i can tell the only fix right now is resetting your progress...
,Recommended,248610,25202987,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Luxxor,"Very fun and strategic at first, but the last few missions starts to become frustratingly hard"
,Recommended,248610,30388593,Posted: 8 March,all,Andrew Raphael Lukasik,Perfect illustration of how naive and wishful planning can often be.
76561198026370482,Recommended,248610,9190552,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Imjustatourist,ADDICTIVE!!!!!!
,Recommended,248610,26748356,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,[bluestreak] fsok,What am I doing with my life.The simulator.
,Recommended,248610,11145505,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Stoli,It's kind of like dust II but different.
,Recommended,248610,11979188,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Snowdrop,"I've always had a thing for platform games and shooters. It just has this feel when one man goes into a room with eight baddies and survives, y know? I would definitely reccomend this to anyone who loves stragety, management and control.There's a few bugs here and there, but the game is only in pre stage right now, so there will be bugs and glitches at times."
76561197996437273,Recommended,248610,14711032,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Jerkzilla,"Very solid game. Feel quite believable, everything is implemented with tradeoffs, all situation dependent so every mission really feels different.In terms of difficulty, they really manage to walk the thin line between easy but boring and hard but rewarding. I wouldn't quite call it unforgiving, I mean you don't ALWAYS pay for mistakes, but things can often go bad very easily if you don't pay attention.More importantly, I almost never felt like I should have been allowed to be able to do something but wasn't, never felt like it was unfair in any way nor does it feel like you're controlling idiots. Just to illustrate the point, there was no end to my frustration in Rainbow Six when I couldn't get my team to even throw a flashbang around corner, not comparing games themselves, just the feeling."
,Recommended,248610,22843181,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Sovi The Bear,"THis is amazing. The speed of execution is just amazing. Planning everything from view angle, walk speed, shootout timing. This game is super flexible. With the addition of the community mods, the game transcended into higher levels of divinity.Amazing capabilty, video of replay, random spawns and high level of planning really gives this game its own name."
,Recommended,248610,30254704,Posted: 28 February,all,Kane,It's good if you like watching your plan fail over and over.
,Recommended,248610,26094677,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Armin Only,"Great tactical game, love this mechanics and realtime play. U have a squad and you can customize ur troops. You can edit your own map and strategy. Shortly Door Kickers's including many different things and absolutely deserving to Best Tactics 2014 award. Recommended (Y)."
76561197972070654,Recommended,248610,17388851,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Wulfgar,better than drugs
76561197984308168,Recommended,248610,32981168,Posted: 29 June,all,Stook,"Very fun, but difficult.  Somewhat reliant on the random number generator working your way, but that isn't a bad thing; it'll keep you from cheating the game.  Good workshop support as well."
76561198008341131,Recommended,248610,24249596,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,RangerJoe,"I was a Police Officer, and am currently in in the Army as Infantry. Therefore, this game is really fun for me, since I know tactics, and have actually cleared buildings before. haha.Simple ""Top Down"" graphics, Costomizing your squad with weapons, armor, and gadgets, and fun quick little campaigns make for a really cool game. No real storyline though.Remember... ""Slow is smooth. Smooth is fast."""
,Recommended,248610,29788568,Posted: 8 February,all,Kev@n,"a tough, stressful, extremely ""pro"" game.10/10 worst anger management test"
76561197971201467,Recommended,248610,30487916,Posted: 13 March,all,LT,Epic game for anyone who likes the old school rainbow planning phase sort of thing. Has to be the best military CQB planning game.
,Recommended,248610,12933257,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,MrPhetz,"Really fun and not quite like anything else I've played besides maybe Frozen Synapse and the planning phase of Rainbow Six. It feels awesometo sketch out a plan, watch it play out and modify it on the fly as stuff changes. Great little game that you can boot up, play a few missions and put down in a half hour or so. Lots of content too."
76561198090471494,Recommended,248610,7478350,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,The Canadian Raven,This game is a really fun Strategy game that combines RTS and TBS into one action packed game where you control a customizible SWAT team and kick doors!
,Recommended,248610,28114095,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Fats,"I've put a bit of time into this game, and I still haven't beaten all the maps. Prepare for a challenge, and a hell of a lot of door kicking."
,Recommended,248610,25257569,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Supax,"It is a fun tactical game. Sadly for me it got quite repetitive quite soon. As I got it from sale then I am very happy with this game, but I probably wouldn't buy it for the full price.I have a feeling like I have missed somekind of functionality in this game, but some missions (especialy the hostage rescue ones) are just not fun. In some missions I have a feeling it is more down to luck then my planning.I really loved the squad mechanics in this game* Squad members actually getting killed* How the skill and equipment system worksThings that annoyed me the most:1) Windows. Why on earth can't the guys duck under window so they would not be seen.2) No controll on who shoots who. In hostage rescue missions I attack the room from both sides and my guys don't care that there is hostage between you and the bad guy.3) Also the AI is stupid and way too predictable (no fleeing, no surrendering). I accidentally threw flashbang outside a room where hostages are being held. Instead of shooting the hostage some bad guys just ran out of the room so I could easily kill them.... why thank you, but not realistic behavor.Overall it is a nice game."
,Recommended,248610,19297768,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Hansag,"Simple user interface, loads of things to learn if you want to do it really really well (i.e. plan out entire missions and just watch it unfold)It's really nice :)"
76561198077245539,Recommended,248610,30909415,Posted: 2 April,all,weasel75,"Good game, many levels, hard challenges.I enjoyed the game a lot.But: Plan ahead, adjust when needed - this sounds nice.The downside to this: once you interact directly, all the detailed and time-consuming plan is voided.So one has to start to micro-manage :-(And especially for the harder/later levels: as time is often being limited, not all angles can be covered all the time.Together with random factors ... your plan might still work out once in a while just by luck.So replay often enough and ""Fortuna"" might roll the dices in your favor once.Call that realistic, but it started to annoy me.That said, good game and also an easy one to get back in."
,Recommended,248610,17242798,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,ZeroOne,"Reminds me of Frozen Synapse, which is an excellent game, with the exception that you can pause at any time, or you can choose not to pause ever and just guide your troops in real time. The more difficult missions are like puzzles where you have to manage your limited number of team members but still cover all the possible angles where an enemy might try to take you by surprise. You may also have an additional requirement besides just neutralizing all the enemies (""tangos""), such as saving all the hostages. The situation might be that the enemies will start shooting the hostages in one minute, and you must make your way to them quickly enough, or there might be a time bomb to defuse. On some levels you get sniper support, with the sniper somewhere off the screen, able to shoot any enemy that happens to, say, stand in front of a right (or wrong, for him) window. The game also gives you star ratings for each level, and there are additional achievements, such as completing a level with a single trooper, so I find the replay value is very good. Recommended!"
76561198039662795,Recommended,248610,31428589,Posted: 28 April,all,Jeuce,"First impressions:Actually a really good RTS TBS cross over.  Tactical.  Enjoyable. Kind of reminds me of the old Rainbow Six games, set a plan, plan goes to hell, fix on the fly or pause and think it through.The graphics and sound are what you would expect, nothing super fancy but definitely pleasing to the eyes and ears."
,Recommended,248610,16900375,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"At first I was like, It looks meh, now I told myself, I should try it, It may be good after all.First game, I was like, wow, this game is really hard.After a 20 minutes and a few games, I'm starting to really like this game and understand how it works, It's not that hard finally and It's pretty good to be honest.Any strategy, tactical, simulation and Counter Terrorists fans should love it.It feels like Rainbow Six Vegas with some Counter Strike but from top-down which is pretty good to be honest.It is really great for an Indie game so I'll give it a 8.5/10"
76561198034516977,Recommended,248610,11310065,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,horrid74,"Door Kickers is an amazing example of tactical strategy done right.  It allows you to plan meticulously as you coordinate the actions of your team to deal with a multitude of law enforcement mission scenarios.  Once your plan is drafted execute and witness your officers engage; top down action rarely seems so tense.I have had some disappointments commiting to early access games in the past but DK is throughly enjoyable, addictive and intelligent.  The devs have done some incredible work and as the game grows I can only see it getting better.  If this wasn't enough there is a wonderful modding system and steam workshop support.  What a sweet game."
76561198041869072,Recommended,248610,12870706,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Not Matt Roscoe,"Door Kickers is basically top down Rainbow Six. My only complaint about the game is that some times it boils down to rushing the same tactic over and over again until RNGesus smiles upon you and lets you win. That aside, the game is quite fun."
,Recommended,248610,15216237,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Norseman,"Everyday we see released games that are unfinished, unpolished, messy, missing key features, as if the developers never really played their own games to realize what any person can in 5 minutes gameplay.Door Kickers is none of those things. Door Kickers is a polished, finished and well designed game. The designer didn't try to do anything that wasn't needed but didn't left anything that was needed out either. There is clearly an attention to detail. It's one of those games where programmers spent hours resolving issues that you probably don't even realize but they are there to make your whole experience much better than average, so they are worh it. Graphically the game looks amazing and the Interface is very smooth feeling that is part of the game and not really just an interface.It is a small game, yes, one that you probably won't play every day during a long period of time but it's still very worth the money. Highly recommend if you are looking for a game to enjoy without needing to highly commit to it.10/10"
,Recommended,248610,16448777,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Soluna,"It's pure strategy, and it's brilliantly presented strategy.Breaching through by kicking doors and shooting bad folks in the face by sequentially executing commands is just so satisfying.With the simple top-down view and intuitive controls, it's easy to get into but also presents a very steep learning curve for those who want to execute the operations in one swift swoop.The soundtrack for the game is also amazing, adding another dimension to this fast-paced real-time strategy game.Doorkickers is a terrific game, way more than the sums of its parts - and brilliantly so."
,Recommended,248610,20166996,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,WicklowSandwich,"Ah, now this is a great game, I was quite surprised as I am a fps fan and not much for the RTS Genre, but this just feels amazing, that feeling you get when you plan everything to the dot and everything works perfectly! I recommend this game to anyway who is interested in tactical strategy in real-time! 9/10 would kick door again!!"
76561197993242110,Recommended,248610,31416522,Posted: 28 April,all,Sp!cy Hum∅ur ™,"The game may look simple in that from a top down 2D view, all you have to do is plan your team's/ troopers path through the level to complete the mission, but if you've played the original Rainbow Six games - you'll know it's not as easy as it sounds.A lot of planning, strategising and micro-managing has to be done to ensure a flawless plan (which when executed, is definitely the most satisfying aspect of this game [and you'll probably be saving that game replay footage]- covering angles, synchronised breaching, whether to go for speed at the expense of discarding heavier armour, etc.The only frustrating aspect of this game are the enemies in the advanced levels which can dish out higher damage and take more damage than your officers and can thus seem a bit overpowered to some at first (go to the forums and you'll get an idea); not to say it's unplayable though - it just might be a bit of a steep learning curve for some.Overall, absolutely love this game - and if you're like me - you enjoy games which involve a commander tactically planning his troops movements and engagements, then you ought to get this little fella in your game library.[9/10]"
,Recommended,248610,33353136,Posted: 7 July,all,Vagabundox,Fun tactical game. get it on sales. worth it
76561198002672444,Recommended,248610,12624991,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Javolenus,"Topdown tactics. Tweakable plans. Scenarios, campaigns, unit promotions, unlockable gear, mission-generator, level editor, mission-replays, exportable videos, moddable. The AI will punish your mistakes and you will fail a lot. But when you conceive the perfect plan & watch your team execute it -- that's sweet!"
76561197991262582,Recommended,248610,13539936,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Sundowner,"Really nice squad level pause-enabled RTS with a SWAT theme. I've played both this and Breach and Clear and like both butDoor Kickersgives you a little more control over precision operations. Think of a top-down Rainbow Six, with role-playing game elements too. Very addicting for those interested in this type of game, and with lots to do: plenty of single missions with achievements, several campaigns, a random scenario generator, and a map maker. There are already many user-made contributions to the community. The developer really seems to enjoy working on this game and there is what seems to be pretty good involvement on their site's bulletin board. This game is a steal on sale and bargain even at regular price."
,Recommended,248610,12887167,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,TomHawkin5,"I have been playing this throughout early access and now into its full launch. Great game, plenty of hours of entertainment. Would recommend"
,Recommended,248610,13922773,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,PukanTurbo,"Impressevly good tactical strategy. Last time I was so exited by tactial game in 2005, it was SWAT4. Door Kickers is something middle of SWAT4 and Frozen Synapse. Before the mission you picking troopers and gear like it was in SWAT4, and mission gameplay is very similar to Frozen Synapse, but here you can set pause whenever you want.The game has a lot of content: 5 classes of troopers, lots of unlockable guns, 3 branches in perks tree, 5 campains, more then 80 single missions, level editor and level generator(!). If it's not enough for you, visit Steam Workshop, there are a lot of extra content created by community. As I can see the game is fully moddable - guns mods, realism mods and visual mods are available.Game control is very tabletishh, but as i can see there is no tablet version of this game. Another bad thing is that Door Kickers is single player game only, but as written in description of the game - ""(but MP might come later)"".4/5"
76561198028428701,Recommended,248610,13454462,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Evil_Kote,"So smooth, liquid gameplayIt's made of pure awesomeness ^_^"
,Recommended,248610,13459348,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Integer Man,"A fantastic squad-based shooter. I played both this and Breach and Clear in close proximity to one another and love the flexibility Door Kickers in how you play it - you can play it as nearly a RTS and give commands on the fly (though you can't give commands to bulk groups of folks) or you can draft a single plan for the entire mission for all of your troopers - complete with commands to synchronize actions - or anywhere in between (I tend to plot out the first room or two and then react dynamically to whatever is happening by pausing and drawing up new plans for the next few seconds).Cons - you do tend to see the same layouts over and over again - even with random missions, troopers aren't radically different from one another in their personalities.I also wish that there was some form of negotiation option to try to talk to folks while also inserting your SWAT team and performing recon or stealth takedowns - something approaching aspects of SWAT 2 with occasional non-violent resolutions. I do wish that more missions featured 4 man teams.Great tactical game and an absolute blast. Very much recommend this title."
,Recommended,248610,13973219,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,caleb4est,"Door Kickers. Tactical, top down simulation game in which you are in full control of a highly trained SWAT team. Oh yeah, it's brilliant.The objectives are usually very straight-forward: eliminate all hostiles (or tangos, as they call them), save the captives and/or apprehend the suspects(s). However, every level offers a new location, with unpredictable enemy spawns and new tactics to be developed. Over time and the completion of missions four new classes will be unlocked: Pointman (the starter  class), Assualter (essentially a Pointman with an assualt rifle), Shield (carries a tactical shield which takes most damage), Breacher (shotgun wielding units for close quarters combat and making dramatic entrances) and Stealth (probably the most dynamic, effective classes, although more difficult to design practical tactics for). Stars earned in finishing levels quickly and with minimal casualties can be spent on new weapons and tools.The main thing to know is the freedom that this game offers. There are so many ways to fulfil objectives that it is unlikely that in a group of 100 people (maybe even more), one person will use the same tactics and methods of completing the mission. You can choose what units you use, where to put them, where to move them from there, how to enter a building, when to enter a building, and many more.There are, however, a few cons to this game. For instance, it is very common for the game to quit responding while launching for the first time in a while. After quiting and relaunching all is normally resolved, though it is worth mentioning. Also, unit control occasionally will act up, allowing me to only control one officer at once. A simple quit of the level will normally fix the issue though. I am fully aware of how unimportant these are, and in turn will note these are not significant enough to be a reason to not purchase the game.All in all, Door Kickers is a marvelous example of how games of the genre should be, and deserves more attention. I would give it 9/10. Well done, Killhouse."
,Recommended,248610,12632307,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,LozZA,Brilliant game good mechanics and it doesn't get old quickly
,Recommended,248610,21825300,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,DarK_St3alth,"Rank:7.5/10Recommendation(s):Be roughly familiar with firearms terminology.Major Theme:Well constructed, UGC friendly, top down tactics shooter.Bought at Price:$5.50 (Steam Sale)I quite enjoyed this game, but I certainly wouldn’t place it into the “must play” or “should play” for most people.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=644947141If you are not familiar with some of the firearms terminology used extensively throughout the game, you will find that things don’t make sense. One such example is level III vs. IIIA armor. There’s a wide selection of gear to pick from (a surprise in such games), and purely picking based on stats and names will lend you a bad time.That being said, 12 hours of gameplay certainly gets across the point of the game, and that’s where you should find yourself with a complete campaign, and all the weapons you want unlocked.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=467759453Unlocks in this game are very much like other games in this genre, where points/stars from mission ratings allow you to unlock gear and weapons. If you end up doing poorly, you will obviously receive fewer stars and thus less gear and weapons.Levels and campaigns are unique and interesting – but just as in Breach & Clear – the maps could do with more dynamic elements to them. Perhaps this will be explored in Door Kickers 2?http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=465789043To tide players over until the release of the next game, Door Kickers extensively supports user generated content (UGC), where you can add more maps, UI changes, and core gameplay changes as well. The level editor could have used more polish, but certainly does get the job done.Just recently I have noticed stuttering in my game for a few seconds here and there. I haven’t been able to track down the source of this, but it’s manageable. Your experience will most likely be different in this regard.If you are in a tussle in choosing between Door Kickers and Breach & Clear, I would recommend Door Kickers. You can see my review on the other game, as well as note the large difference in playtime I have."
76561197960275516,Recommended,248610,13461760,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,rek,Very well done. Tactical and complex without being tedious. I approve.
,Recommended,248610,13458175,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Llyagushen,Really is a very good tactical sim with simply perfect control scheme. Definitely recommended.
,Recommended,248610,28135695,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,elk,"This' a great game that reminds me of Swat 4 I have played this game for many hours to only finish the skirmishes I still havent played the campaign, with many more skirmishes coming excluding all the community mods.Pros:-- Lots of replayability- Lots of weapons, equipment, unit potrate art and 5 unique classes- StrategicCons:-- The SWAT team is slightly trigger happy they'd rather kill you than arrest you. (American Police?)- If I want to arrest someone I have to equip taser, shoot, manually (breaks gameflow and orignal plan execution) order them to arrest criminal then switch back to main weapon. The arresting mechanic would have been better if after a flashbang you can scream ""everyone down"" or shoot the leg or arm but no its only as I stated earlier.- After the sledgehammer and bolt cutters are deployed the swat member freezes for about 3 seconds instead of getting out of the way making them a target to enemy fire immediately dying. The developers could have had them automatically move out the way instead of just standing there getting killed simtanously preventing his teammates shooting back.Non of the cons are game breakers there are ways around them but if it wasnt for the cons this game would have been perfect."
76561198080401501,Recommended,248610,8954377,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,franx.maier,"Very addictive.  Reminds me of Rainbow 6, but in 2D."
76561197984503913,Recommended,248610,21569617,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,SKINZ,Door Kickers - PC - Quick lookhttps://youtu.be/0dtBUrK65Fk
,Recommended,248610,9058485,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Logiak,"""If you are considering a tactical squad based shooter to go in your steam list, this is the best I've seen in a while.""well, I've been a fan of early access for a while to my detrement. I like the system of replaying a game because it updated i guess, but this game is a hidden gem in a pile of coal. the way they made and make this game allows for easy to play hard to master and really makes you plan before attacking instead of just charging in. While playing i kept finishing a mission then watching the replay of the game just to see how i could've tightened up my movement, get more efficient kills and and avoid making mistakes I made before. For example; I played a garage map, and I breached this one room to stun and rush the enemy down, I ignored the bathroom assuming it was empty and it appears there was one terrorist in the room that walked out and killed one of my guys.However this game does have some downfalls. I feel the developers planned, and probably still plan to, get the player to attach to certain characters and troops. Sadly, I don't get that from this game. The gear also seems quite one sided, having your breachers to equip semi-auto shotguns because its more efficient and equipping the stronger gear so that you have less chance of failure. Perhaps a technology tree so that you can move to those stronger weapons would help, or just balancing the guns all out.Aside the problems I do like this game enough to follow through the development and play i every update so i don't miss anything, I really like what they've done already and the future plans sounds fantastic. If you are considering a tactical squad based shooter to go in your steam list, this is the best I've seen in a while.8/10"
,Recommended,248610,11896470,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Dire Goblin,"Pros: you can simulate a SWAT team.Cons: you can't simulate a team of russian spetsnaz, aka ""15 terrorists, 10 hostages, 25 body bags""."
76561198075849015,Recommended,248610,29232403,Posted: 13 January,all,wespe___o=/;;;:*,"85/100Solid SWAT game..(very similar to ""Breach & Clear"", but view from above like ""Frozen Synapse"")easy to spend 30+hours without even touching the Campaign ;)PRO:-Quite realistic Level-Design (decorations, surroundings, sounds, ..)-Different classes for each merc (can be changed fast before missions)-Favorite Template for each class can be saved -> faster adjustment of merc equipment-Completing missions earns you points (1-3 depending on your performance)-Extra Challenges for each mission get you additional EXP-lots of weapons to enable (for earned points)CON:-Skill development is maxed at lvl 21-Some missions are plain unfair-Some weapons+skills are not worth it (too weak)-A few missions+challenges are just possible after hours of reloadingI recommend it for anyone loving Stealth games, especially Breach´n Clear , Frozen Synapse and similar games.Birdview from above might not be as much enjoyable though ,if you´re used to 3D Stealth-action aka Splinter Cell /Metal Gear /.."
,Recommended,248610,31850044,Posted: 19 May,all,Symbul,"This is an okay ""sale"" game if you think the premise sounds appealing. It's got a fair amount of limitations and some utterly frustrating missions but I've had a decent time with it. Interested to see what they do with the sequel."
,Recommended,248610,28629615,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,JtanK,"Fun, tactical, nice difficulty (can be tough sometimes, but isn't infuriatingly hard), a TON of content + level generation and editor. It's a great game and since it seems to be on large sales often, you should get it.There are minor things I could complain about, but they don't get in the way of my enjoyment."
76561198282551627,Recommended,248610,28250285,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,mndj5,"14 hours into the game, and I am loving this game.This game has all the excitement of the strategical kill, team combinations, and cool weapons. But the best of all, with this game you can create one masterplan that take over the map or you can go solo mission and kill them all. Those moments keep me on the edges of my seats!Great! The game is super replayable, even with level generators you can play or create.9.5/10!!"
76561198057146187,Recommended,248610,29258273,Posted: 14 January,all,xXLONEWOLFXxCZ,"Already spent 11 hours in this game and am planning on more,its a great game,fun to play and sometimes really mad making,especially if you spend 15+ minutes planning and then just see it go to hell thanks to one simple mistake,so you either rework or create a new plan completely,spending another time,but thats what this game is about afterall,though one thing i dislike about this game is the fact that some bad guys are like bullet sponges,your troopers hit him 3-4 times and he just turns around and sprays one of your troopers down,that could be better,other than that,amazing,good against boredom,would gladly buy again"
,Recommended,248610,11488743,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,butterbean,"Great top down SWAT game, it would feel like the old rainbow 6 games if it was an FPS. Squad leveling and weapon unlocks are nice, workshop support is a nice bonus some good user created content is already made"
76561198084999846,Recommended,248610,16607856,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,NobleCoconut,"Step 1- The Planning Phase: Take 15 minutes devising a plan so perfect that the Navy SEALs who killed Bin Laden would be jealous.Step 2- Execute said plan: ""Alpha is a go!"" Your officers have just entered their designated breaching locations, the plan is executed perfectly.Step 3- Fail: ""Trooper Down!"", ""Trooper Down!"" All of your men have been killed, along with the hostage they were sent to save. Mission Failed.Step 4- Cry: Wet your keyboard with tears.Step 5- Retry the mission until rage consumes you.All in all it's a great game. It feels very rewarding when a plan is finally executed perfectly, and even failing makes you want to keep trying until you succeed. 10/10"
76561197970722175,Recommended,248610,23962737,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,TMGeorge,Thumbs up. Plays like I thought Frozen Synapse would play.
,Recommended,248610,20162221,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,MarbleHornets,"Amazingly simple game that proves to be challengling with evel new scene. Many levels to choose from for endless amounts of fun, very high replayability, 10/10 Would play again."
,Recommended,248610,9560728,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,NuNch98¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"You see the door, You feel the door, You are the door, You kick the door..."
,Recommended,248610,17741132,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,TailGundham,"Realy fun game, a fun strategy game. If you have any experience with games like SWAT, you will see similaritys with it. Its a  fun game and it does get hard.Pros:-Workshop support + map editor = The amount of possibilities..-Good offical map design-Balanced classes-High customizationCons:-AI isn't perfect, but you have full controll over your squad.81/100 - Got hooked with it."
,Recommended,248610,11219906,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,The Coker,Very unique and fun tactical game. Lots of freedom and a very interesting progression systsem. 8.5/10 would reccomend.
,Recommended,248610,21377924,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Chloride,-Was unsure if I should buy the game-Decided to buy the game-Was blown away on amazing gameplay and content-Played for 2 days in a row-Unlocked all classes and the best armour in the game-Makes a map and uploads it to steam workshop-Plays the map-Fails 3 times in a row by terrorists killing the hostages-Finally wins with 2 stars-Downloads mods-Is excited on how many mods there are-Downloads a ton of mods-Plays for one more day-Has a blast playing through the custom and downloaded missions11/10 Best strategy game yet
76561198110700425,Recommended,248610,31393289,Posted: 27 April,all,Marcell Davis,"Quiet good game, had fun playing it seriously and not seriously,(MAXIUMUM CASULTIYIES!!!)"
,Recommended,248610,20167897,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Generic Blonde Loli,"If you love SWAT 4 (or know what it is), then you'll love Door Kickers. Both are tactical kill-the-terries games but they only differ in perspective, SWAT 4 being an FPS and Door Kickers being a Top-Down Strategy Planner. Comparing the 2 games sounds far-fetched but in terms of replayability, customization and difficulty/challenge, Door Kickers gives you that edge just as SWAT 4 did. I've put hours into this game and I just keep coming back for more. :D"
,Recommended,248610,33119549,Posted: 2 July,all,zuraf,"Door Kickers is a Swat tactical simulation where we have lot of guns and equipment to unlock during our playthrough. We have five classes of Swat troopers to choose. We will be rescuing hostages, disarming bombs, eliminating bad guys, escorting vips in locations such as banks, offices, houses, factories, residencies, streets etc. This game reminds me good, oldfashion Rainbow Six Rogue Spear planing phase, but after finishing planing we stay in 2d and watching how our plan works. Because Ai is good and unpredictable game have active pause and we can put corrections to our plan during assault."
,Recommended,248610,20126714,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,DLZn,"Door kickers is easily the best tactical game ever and will provide loads of fun.. Also becomes very intense when playing campaign mode because when a operator dies he dies for good and you lose all of his xp.. He will be replaced on your roster but with a new level 0 operator.. This makes every life important and the strategies ever more important.. As a bad strategy could mean the death of an operator.. Or worse, Many operators..Overall I think this game is amazing and I enjoy playing it a lot.. If you are looking for a good tactical/strategy game then I highly recommend this game!"
76561198019530452,Recommended,248610,11692977,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Anime Faggot,"One of the most fun games I've ever played. If you liked SWAT 4, chances are you'll like this game too."
,Recommended,248610,19688600,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Chompahsaurus,"I played a little bit.It was fun when I first started, and a few hours later, it still is :) Exceedingly so."
76561197996295745,Recommended,248610,13811988,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Shenpai 쉔파이,"Amazing game, with still more content to come. Really addicting, really tactical and sometimes quite difficult to keep your troopers alive to get to the next scenario. I enjoy the many different methods i can approach a scenario to get it done. Brilliatn game would recommend if you enjoy tactic squad based strategy."
,Recommended,248610,25904439,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,⎛⎝Don Grammar Police⎠⎞,"Very fun game for when you have some spare time.It feels very good to perfectly plan a raid and then see your ingenious plan come to life when you click Start.Good thing is that missions are never the same, so you get a unique setting when you replay a specific mission.I have to admit that the game is slightly overpriced for what you get, but I highly recommend getting is when it's on sale."
,Recommended,248610,27752937,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Pitman,"Very good game. Only flaw is that if you want to do all the challenges (not pausing, everything in one go) the planning gets a little fiddly.Disclaimer: I found a translation mistake and got an additional key as reward. I don't think thats a big deal but better save than sorry."
,Recommended,248610,23857160,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,LEPION,The game is awsome!Can't wait for the sequal
,Recommended,248610,25214905,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,danny388,This game is pretty cool and I like the how it is so intense in the campaigns because if your Soldiers die they're gone forever.
76561198017127218,Recommended,248610,23868473,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Rick,The full price of $19.99 is a little expensive in my opinion however at 85% off during the summer sale this game is only $2.99 and it is well worth it. Door Kickers is a very nicely made strategy game with multiple classes of units such as assaulters with automatic rifles and breachers who carry a shield and are more resilient to enemy fire. When Starting a level you can attempt to plan the whole mission out from start to finish or micromanage your unitis in real time. You are also able to pause the action to adjust your plan if needed at any point during a level.
,Recommended,248610,27801664,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Baaronymus,"Easy to learn, hard to master - great to play!"
76561198119601167,Recommended,248610,23859456,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Master Yoda,"First of All, I really love this game. Fantastic. So I cant completely see the negative sides to this game. However I will try my best at looking at the good and bad points of the game.Pro:Very tactical gameplay. The gameplay is very much a learning experience because you learn through doing missions for example that different methods of destructing doors are important if you want to sneak in, or breach in and kill everyone in 2 seconds.Good soundtracks. I personally think that the soundtrack works greatly with the game and makes the game more interesting.Good voices. All your soldiers have voices to which adds a personality to the characters you play with.Con:Some minor bugs such as crashing after clicking to often or the soundtrack hanging up and repating one note for 10 seconds.Well its top down view. I personally like top down view but I would understand if people dont like that. However I dont understand why you would buy the game if you didnt like top down view."
,Recommended,248610,19313438,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Junta,"Rainbow Six planning phase as a refined standalone game.This is a top-down pausable real-time strategy where you guide a squad of special forces through various missions (hostage rescue, bomb defusal, arrests, evidence grab or plain good old terrorist hunt). Before the start of the mission you are able to set up a plan and then watch it play out - however you can adjust it to your liking at any moment and have a limited direct control of separate fighters. Furthermore every fighter is customizable with the ability to select a loadout suitable for various tasks (akin to SWAT4).The game comes with several campaigns and a huge amount of single missions, as well as a battle generator. Missions have a degree of replayability due to random enemy positions and numbers each time. If that's not enough there is a built-in mission editor - meaning you can also download many great user missions from Steam Workshop.Steam Workshop further offers more variety by having mods that add new squad skins, new weapons and gear.The only downside of note is an interface, which no doubt was affected by the mobile version - there's a lot of scrolling and clicking through to get to the stuff you want, especially after you've installed some mods. The game also gets repetitive after a while - same as its ""bigger"" brethren - classic R6 and SWAT series."
,Recommended,248610,21143539,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,aShotOfJameson,"I got this game in early September 2013, when it was in early access. I liked it as it was then (and it was well worth the rather cheap price at that point), and it has only improved. I see that it won best tactics game of 2014, and this makes me feel a little pride, knowing that I have supported it from the beginning :)Your team is pretty customizable. You can rename each trooper, select from a number of different portraits, choose each trooper's class, and also customize their equipment and weapon loadout. There are several different campaigns to undertake, each with different focuses, enemies, and situations. There's also a bunch of individual missions you can try.For extras, there is a mission generator, map editor, and you have access to the workshop. You can download maps, etc from the workshop which is always nice.The gameplay is characterized by pausing and unpausing (or, not). You can pause, and while paused click and drag each trooper's path through the level, designating actions to do once they reach a door (like flashbanging it and clearing), which way to scan when they reach a certain point, and so forth. You can map out as much or as little at a time as you want. There is a bonus if you successfully run through the level fully mapping it out in the beginning, and not interfering. There's also a bonus for completing the level with just 1 trooper. Hopefully this makes sense.The selection of equipment and tools, combined with classes, can make for plenty of replay value. You could run 1 level many different ways depending on which troopers you use, what equipment they have, and how they enter a building, room, or area. For instance you might run the level very differently if you have one or two stealth troopers on the mission, than if you have a pointman with a pistol, assaulter with a rifle, or breacher with a shotgun.I certainly recommend this game."
76561198006432332,Recommended,248610,19352588,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,overmind,"Not so many modern games have pleasure gameplay, this does."
76561198043997600,Recommended,248610,35117706,Posted: 21 September,all,zaysaki,"It's like one of those old Newgroundsy games, but so, so much better. Plenty of content and well polished.Get this instead of Breach & Clear! This is way better."
,Recommended,248610,16230192,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,TheBananaBeard,This is the best strategy simulation game for police and swat on pc. hopefully they make a mobile version because this game is amazing!
76561197971213209,Recommended,248610,11085702,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Shroomie,"With a loud 'crump' the door turned from 50 year old hardwood, into matchsticks in the blink of an eye. In one fluid motion two armed men stormed through the breach, in a coordinated strike, with all the precision of years of training they checked the room for hostiles. ""CLEAR!"" the first officer shouted, echoed a moment later by his partner, following in behind them two more armed police moved into the room, leap frogging their comrades positions to take up covering overwatches.Stacking up either side of the next door, one officer leaned forwards, ready to open the door, the second officer priming a flashbang, pin pulled he looked to his colleague and nodded. Turning the handle and throwing the door open the first officer stood back, raising his sleek compact submachine gun, the second tossing the live grenade into the room, an ear splitting bang, and a blinding flash stunning the hostage taker inside, the officers moved in with lethal grace, one three round burst of fire and the aggressor was down, the second officer kneeling to cheek the hostage was unarmed.Door Kickers is a tense top down tactical simulation game, you control a squad of specialist counter-terrorism/hostage rescue officers. You unlock equipment (and soon traits) with stars awarded for completing the levels with no casualties and under the time limit. The interface is clean and easy to use, the controls slick and intuitive, it takes moments to learn but knowing how to control your team is only the start of it.Learning the best combinations of weapons and tactics will prove harder, the game is unforgiving, but in a good way, when you've made a mistake you'll know it, forget to check a corner? You'll pay for it when the 'empty room' turns out to be hiding a hostile with a Mac-10.The game has just recently entered into Beta stage, and it's well worth the money, bugs are few and far between and it runs well and looks great."
76561197966340890,Recommended,248610,11876197,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,tyhDashBoom,"Do you remember Rainbow Six's famous planning phase? Did you enjoy that part of the game more than the actual mission? If you answered yes to these questions, Door Kickers is a worthwhile investment.The game's core features right now are quite good. There is a slight learning curve to get your guys moving the way you want. Sometimes you will feel like you are micromangaging movements especially if you want to execute proper room clearing techniques. And occasionally you get angry at the pathing system since there are numerous house plants and chairs which create impassable barriers. But it is still fun.There are definitely a good number of missions available of varying difficulty. Some you will breeze right through, others will be the bain of your existence until you get that perfect plan with 0 casualties working just right. Also the random mission generator is always good if you are looking for a quick challenge. As well as replaying missions trying to achieve the single-plan and hands-off achievements.The loadouts are varied and offer a decent sized arsenal. It is mostly reflective of what a police SWAT team would have available. One gameplay feature I like is how your team really practices good trigger discipline (single shots if possible). While the bad guys will often go full auto at the slightest of targets. One thing that is not completely apparent in the loadout section of the game is what effects do the equipment have on your team. You'll notice in cramped interiors, it takes the man with the M4 longer to train his rifle than the man weilding his pistol. But for those long corridor or outdoor shots, your Assaulter with his rifle is far more efficient than your rear guard weiding his shotgun. Sadly none of this is explicitly described in the loadout menu and will take some experimentation to figure out what the ideal loadout is based on your style of play and the mission.The graphics and sound are good for a game. It is definitely not a high fidelity sound and graphics visual masterpiece, but that really is not necessary. It is the gameplay which makes this game shine. There are various mods which revamp the sound experience if you are unhappy with the tone of the firearms.Overall, really fun game!"
,Recommended,248610,12701159,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Isaiah,"Anyone who wants a well styled and easy to learn but hard to master game , Door Kickers should be next on your buy list. When the game is first played many feel the top down style would only hinder the experience if anything it only enhances it as it makes you feel you have complete control over the situation creating a awesome experience.Easy controls make the first few levels a walk in the park but full on hostage situations where the criminals are armed to teeth your going to need a plan from the start. Nothing is more satisfying than clearing a room full of gang members, defusing a bomb and then getting that 3 star rating."
76561198132847063,Recommended,248610,22193635,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,tsmithreg,"Very good game. Easy to learn gameplay, combined with a multitude of tactical options. It is like a top down Rainbow Six operation. It is worth its money, especially if you are going for the challenges too. It is very satisying when a plan succeeds, having covered every possibility and without any member of the team out of action. The difficulty is progressive and it depends on the mission layout and the positioning of the opponents so that the game does not feel repetitive. If you like small unit close quarters tactics, this is the game."
76561198057505915,Recommended,248610,11759369,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,icepick64,"Door Kickers is an Action/Strategy game which puts you in command of a S.W.A.T. team. you must use planning and tactics to complete the objective (such as rescuing hostages or defusing a bomb) and keep your squad alive.The game is played from a top-down perspective and nearly all of the missions revolve around storming a building. there is a variety of weapons and gadgets to aid you in completing the objective. ( such as spy camera's to look under doors, or flashbangs to temporarily blind enemies) With the introduction of BETA. you can now customise the appearance of the member of your squad. as well as change their names and callsigns.The game also includes a sort of skill tree which allows you to grant extra skills to your squad using points earned by completing levels. there is a variety of skills and more will be implemented as the game develops. (My favourite skill is the one that allows stealth members to hold fire until ordered to shoot)The game also includes different types of S.W.A.T. members. like shotgunners. assualters. stealth ETC. each mission is different and requires careful planning and certain classes will be more efffective than others.finally the game features steam workshop integration. making it possible to create and download user created maps, weapons, gadgets and more!In conclusion. this is a game that is definately worth buying. if you like strategy games. You will like this. The game is currently in BETA and will be updated to include more gear and a campaign mode. i definately recommend it."
76561198018277440,Recommended,248610,12587321,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Revoker,"I played 27 hours on the beta, the core gameplay is rich and statifying and any fan of LOS squad based tactical games (limited games in this genre so im libereal with the labeling) will find a great experiance here.9/10"
,Recommended,248610,15255513,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Darthvegeta800,"An excellent tactical top down simulation of SWAT raids.Pro's:- varied tactical options- Extensive planning options that are remiscent of the Rainbow Six prescenario phase.- RPG element allowing SWAT members to level + there is an overall specialization tree for your team.- A wide variety of weapons and equipment: firearms, explosives, gadgets and more.- a series of nice campaigns- a variety of portraits, options to rename and give callsigns.- diverse and fun scenarios- combat, hostage evacuation, retrieving evidence,... all passes the revue.- easy moddability and already a nice amount of quality content out there.Negatives:- Visuals could've been better.- More portraits would've been nice.- Some sort of good/decent co-op mode would've been fun and interesting.- An option to be the opposing player in specific and difficult scenarios would have been interesting.Global judgement:A must have for fans of tactical combat, extensive planning, tactical puzzles and 'SWAT'."
76561198049826758,Recommended,248610,15587956,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Desky,An amazing game for just about anyone. You can spend hours playing playing a long campaign or just minutes on small missions. Everything about Doorkickers is just fantasticliteral 10/10
,Recommended,248610,17403900,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,StardropCruiser,"In Door Kickers, you take control of a SWAT team in a variety of different hostile situations. It is a top down, 2D realtime strategy game that allows you to make critical decisions at a moment's notice or plan entire missions from the very beginning of an operation.After a few hours of playing the Single Missions, I fell in love with Door Kickers. The controls are simple and easy to understand, and watching your plans in action is always satisfying. The sheer amount of different scenarios, ranging from hostage situations to raiding criminal headquarters, makes each mission feel like a new tactical challenge for your SWAT team. With 6 campaigns, 70+ Official Single Missons, Level Generator, unlockable gear, and downloadable mods, Door Kickers has plenty of content to keep you busy.Although I enjoyed Door Kickers, there are a few minor flaws. The game offers you dozens of unlockable gear such as guns and equipment, but I found myself using what I was comfortable with and had no trouble throughout the game. My only incentive to unlock and test all the guns was for the achievement. Also, there were a few situations in the Single Missions and Campaign that feel unbalanced and in favor of the AI.Overall, Door Kickers was an addicting and enjoyable strategy game from start to finish."
76561197974898693,Recommended,248610,20026299,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,NotHisRealName,"This is an incredibly addictive strategy game whereby you command a team of SWAT officers in raids on various compounds.  This game boasts a fairly hefty list of single missions, and a number of multi-layered campaigns.  The briefings are simple, with no overblown storyline - just the basic facts of how many Tangos, and what your objectives are.  How you go about assaulting the compounds is essentially up to you.The player generally gets to command a team of 2-8 officers that, as you progress grow in skill.  The more you play, the more unlocks become available, allowing even more playing styles through different classes (Pointman, Assaulter, Breacher, Stealth, and Shield).Insertion points are fixed, but there are generally some options as to where your team will start from, and who you include on the assault.The game provides an interesting playing experience with it being almost turn-based - but not.  The player has the ability to pause the game and command their officers in where to move, where to look, and basic actions.  This can be done in real time, but more success is had by trusting in your officers AI.  At any point, if you feel your orders aren't working, you can freeze time and change your commands, allowing you to command (somewhat) on the fly.I picked this game up on sale earlier today and have spent around 6 hours playing - so the value for money is high.This is a great game for short stints - allowing you to log in and make an attempt or two at a difficult target, without too much commitment out of your day.  Or, you can just spend hours grinding your way through the various levels.The game is very much like chess, where you need to think a few moves ahead.Basic knowledge of MOUT/urban warfare can help, but trial and error can eventually be as effective.  Just remember to check those corners!The AI Tangos are quality, with numerous classes to go up against.  Just don't be upset if a hostage taker decides to kill their comodoty before they turn the gun on you.The UI isn't perfect and I still fumble with issuing breaching commands on a 'go command', but remember the 7 P's and you'll do alright:  'Proper Planning and Preparation Prevents♥♥♥♥♥♥Poor Performance'.4/5"
,Recommended,248610,21821877,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,BeastleeUK,"I'm not one to write many reviews nor do I often play tactics based games like this.  The fact that I am writing a positive review for this game refelects how enjoyable I have found it.  I love the level challenges and find that the difficulty is set just right.  My biggest disappointment is that a very well thought out run can be won or lost by the random location of enemies and/or the enemies' marksmanship.  Sometimes you can blitz through a level with impressive results but re-run a level you only needed a minor tweak to, in order to improve your time, can result in you looping thorugh the exact same plan 30 times before it works again.There are so many areas to work with and a varied set of levels, plus the ability to make your own or import others, that it keeps you playing.  The RPG like development of team members also adds a good dimension to the gameplay, especially if you play through all the levels with a single squad memberOverall I'd give this game 8 out of 10, the effect of randomising the enemies being the main issue.  I don't expect it to be exactly the same every time but it needs to reduce the luck factor."
76561198170705702,Recommended,248610,24153536,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,toby1324,"So ill start this review of with a small story.So about a year go I was trying to choose between whether to buy Door Kickers or Breach and Clear during a sale, to me they both looked really interesting and fun to play so it wasnt an easy choice, but eventually I decided to buy Breach and Clear. I downloaded it, hit play and started to play, I really enjoyed the gameplay that it gave me but it was to short and didnt have much variety in the equipment I could give my soldiers, so I was still curious about Door Kickers and really wanted to play it, so about a year later I purchased Door Kickers.I started Playing Door Kickers and I immediately new this game was far superior to Breach and Clear, It contained much more content and variety in gameplay, as you have a much wider range in how you will will breach a building and what equipment you will use doing so.If you Have Breach and Clear and you enjoy it, Door kickers is 100% for you, or if you are trying to decide between Breach and Clear and Door Kickers, I would personally choose Door Kickers, I am not saying Breach and Clear is  a bad game i just think Door kickers is much better.One thing before I get into what is good and bad about the game I just want to mention something about the price-PRICE- I got Door Kickers for like 3$ or something and it is DEFINITELY worth that amount but the game is usually 20$, and I think this is pushing it a little to much as there are many other games out there for this amount that contain much more content, but if Top Down, Tactical games are your thing This is worth the 20$-Now to what is Good and Bad about Door Kickers--PROS-- Lots of Variety (In how you breach Buildings and map types etc)- Provides hours of fun tactical gameplay- Many Primary and Secondary weapons to choose from- Nice graphics for a Top Down game- Easy to Run (You dont need Optimus Prime to be able to run it)- Easy to learn controls (also very smooth)- Can play custom maps from workshop- Can offer a real challenge on some maps- Plenty of missions-CONS-- Doesnt really have a storyline- When multiple troops paths cross or are close together it can be hard to tell a troop which way to look etc- A little expensive, but if you like topdown tactical games or its on sale its worth itOverall I think this game is one of the best games you will find in its genre, best suited for people that enjoy tactical gameplay, and the biggest downfall is its price even though its basically worth the price"
,Recommended,248610,11220360,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Jimjamyaha99,"Door Kickers. What can I say?Door Kickers to me is a superb, real time, action-filled, strategic and sometimes infuriating Police game. Fancy taking charge of your own SWAT team that can kick down (almost any) door or blow it up? Want to shoot people and be overly happy when you complete a mission that took AGES but you finally mastered it? Of course you do and Door Kickers is it.To be serious though the interface is very intuitive if sometimes a bit fiddly  and the stop-time FTL style mechanic means you can keep on top of everything even in the middle of a firefight. The only major thing wrong with Door Kickers is that you MUST be prepared to be patient and repeat missions: on more than one occasion I have yelled and got generally angry with both myself and the enemies, so yeah, be patient, it is worth it in the end. Few other minor things but excusable for a Beta!9/10 Would kick again."
76561198049500020,Recommended,248610,11761024,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,76561198049500020,"I highly recommend this game, it's awesome! Even being in Early Access. Usually I'm pretty hesitant on buying Early Access titles, but I was pleasantly surprised by this game. I used to play alot of Frozen Synapse - its just my kind of game. The top down perspective allows me to practice the tactics I training I received in the Marines. And you'll hear that alot from some players: that they play the game exactly the way they would react and conduct these situation in reality. It's no surprise to me that they've gotten a contract to create a simulation title specifically for military and law enforcement, the expressed purpose to be for training and small unit tactics.Guys, if you're into individual tactics and clearing a building room by room, as well as the intensity involved in jusst not knowing what may be around the next corner for your men, this is the game for you. I purchased the stuff of legends package from their site, which allowed me to not only have a portrait of me in the game for the troopers, but also gave me feature voting rights in the forums. Trust me, the final game is gonna be awesome! It's worth every penny you'll be paying for it."
,Recommended,248610,11785242,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,BullitWaschbär,"This is one of the best games ever. I'm not kidding. I have quite a few games; all Battlefields, CS:GO, Rust, DayZ, numerous race games, all Hitmans, but I prefer this game. Why?Well, I love this game, you can play it anytime, any duration that you like. Spend fifteen minutes on a plan, or just rush in and control all the troopers in real-time. I prefer a combination, planning a bit ahead and then work further in real-time.Cons:- I like the police versus criminals idea- I like the old-fashion top-down view- I like that you (new feature!) can throw grenades and flashbangs around corners- I like the ballistic shields and different weapons- I like the different roles (shotgun, rifle, pistol, etc.)What should improve:Nothing in general, it's a good game. Okay, the AI could use some more unpredictability.Summary: I love this game! :D"
,Recommended,248610,12589246,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,castlec,"I'm so glad this project finally finished and become much much better.I'm an old school gamer. I bought this game the first day it showed on steam as alpha. I played a lot of Rainbow Six 1&2 in the past, and this game brings me the same atmosphere and feeling.The developers are very friendly and fixed the bug I reported very quickly. They also surprise me as well. With the random generator, we can bring more fun and custom fan missions.Overall, it's a good game, especially for a gamer like me. Bring back the old memories."
,Recommended,248610,16765446,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Salty MD,"Door Kickers!It's a late night, I ned sleep, but instead I'm writing reviews.Why?Anyway, I'll make it a moderate sized review I guess, TL;DR at the bottom. Instead of going over every detail like other reviews, I'll go over the littlenooks and crannies only, and not in any order, so let's get to it!I have a lot more hours on Door Kickers than it seems, I've played the iPad version a lot and lots of offline hours.ProgessionThis game is pretty nice on progression to be honest. You have one class (I'll go over the classes in a second} and as your squad ""levels"" up,you obtain new classes,until you get all 5 of them. There are alsostars, which you get for completing certain challenges, such as playing the mission using a single plan, or playing without ever pausing in real-life. With stars, you can buynew weapons, armor and pretty much everything else. Every time your squad levels up, you getdoctorine points. These can be used to teach our squad special tactics, making them more effective.ReplayablityThis game has anice freaking sheetton of replayablity. The AI makesdifferent decisionsand spawn in different preset spots (so theycan and willrepeat). There are a ridiculous amount of ways to complete each mission, be it with continuous sync throughout, splitting up to speed it up, or just trying out the best weapons for every situation!  Let's not forget that there's a♥♥♥♥ing mission generatorthat ♥♥♥♥♥ out missions for you to play that feel like a normal one! Also the steam workshop is utilized pretty well so you can find lots of maps made by people using the level editor.MusicMeh.The music is alright, but then it just starts turning into some dubstep crap, but if you're fine with a 60 seconds of dubstep or just love it in general, then you'll like it.Gamemodes (WIP)These are the gamemodes you'll playClear HostilesHostage RescueStop ExecutionBomb DefusalArrest WarrentDope RaidsRobbery In ProgressSome of the above, on a ship or plane or something really cool like that.WIPYEs, I'm tired, I'd appreciate a like or two pretty please though! I'll work on it very soon!"
76561198162968806,Recommended,248610,16897323,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,brwneyes2012,"Yes, I really do reccomend this game! I like it alot it's really fun any one could play it. They have diiferent classes with different specialties which can vary the different ways you play the game. It have a workshop with lots of mods which  find to be good: knowing that I use the workshop alot in other games! It's a good game for what  I think is a good price in my opinion!"
76561197987583749,Recommended,248610,17370670,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Mulder,"-I bought this game very early on, and I have seen it growing ad getting better and adding new content and features.-The modding community is absolutely amazing.-Every mission feels unique.-tough ramp-up, but hey, this is not an arcade game and it feels so good beating a mission after 10 or more failed attempts.If you like planning raids and the SWAT games, this game is for you"
76561198022066412,Recommended,248610,22128317,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,finchy198818,"So addictive once you get the hang of it, cant wait for 2, great game guys"
,Recommended,248610,33294730,Posted: 5 July,all,Yigitarius,"Elinizdeki değişik türdeki askerlerle farklı alanlara operasyon yaptığınız, plan ve zeka gerektiren gayet güzel bir oyun. Kuş bakışı görünümü ile askeri türdeki az sayıdaki oyunlardan biri, oynamak isterseniz gönül rahatlığı ile satın alabilirsiniz, çok başarılı bir indie yapım."
,Recommended,248610,14513485,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Willem Default,"""INJURED!""""INJURED!""""MAN DOWN!""Well I guess I'll try this mission again, then, for the fiftieth time."
,Recommended,248610,18278286,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Toad of Toad Hall,"Door Kickers is a top-down real-time tactical shooter (shooter in leiu of a more appropriate term - the shooting is automatic and your buds are very competent at running and gunning) in which the player controls a team of SWAT (?) (Armed police, S.T.A.R.S., whatevs) operators tasked with completing an objective at a given location.The objectives typically take the form of a. Kill all the bad guys, b. Arrest a certain specific badguy, or c. Rescue a bunch of helpless hostages.  In most cases objectives of the B & C variety can be over-ruled by killing all the bad guys anyway.During each mission, your task is to choose and path your operators through the building/mission-zone.  This involves selecting means of entry, equipping your team with the correct weapons and breach equipment and otherwise generally co-ordinating your buds so they can support each other by fire, hold down certain angles, throw flashbangs and grenades and escort hostages.The over-world gameplay takes the form of a squad roster in which you may allocate each operator to a specific skill class alongside individual stats and some (seemingly inexhaustible) operator avatars.  From here the player can choose to play a single mission, to gain star economy for in-game upgrades, or embark on a longer campaign - a series of missions which, perhaps with the exception of the first, are enormously expansive and super intricate.Gameplay is nice, ergonomic and smooth and for the vast majority entirely mouse driven.  Though played in real time, the mechanics hinge a lot on the ability to pause and re-plot paths for your dudes.  Cheevos await anyone who can execute an entire mission from a single plot-line before the mission.I have only two gripes about the game really. First, the throwing of flashbangs or other grenades through closed doors is somewhat sluggish and counter-intuitive.  Often, though you've set him to peek the door after he throw's the grenade, your trooper will sit idly taking bullets to his non-mobile♥♥♥♥♥Secondly, and perhaps minorly, I would love to be able to export my ossom mission completion playthroughs but this function while tantalising me constantly, is not available on Mac.  Devs, plz fix.These tiny gripes aside, Door Kickers is a fantastically gripping game with a well thought out single player campaign.  The weapons and equipment are good in vanilla and, I must say, enhanced tenfold by Gunworld's IoV - Instruments of Violence item pack.Excellent game.  You'll be engaged for hours."
,Recommended,248610,18238678,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Milhouz,Door kickers is an awesome strategy game. You find yourself often thinking that it is an easy play but in reality some levels can be pretty challenging. You can get pretty sucked into this game! 8/10. Not very resource intensive.
,Recommended,248610,29313498,Posted: 17 January,all,spooky callofguy 👻,"Break the door down, throw a flashbang, send all of your guys in there, hostage gets killed, cry"
,Recommended,248610,29056075,Posted: 6 January,all,ByStranger,Great game
,Recommended,248610,29911368,Posted: 13 February,all,Gonzo850,It's hard to get it right with this type of game genre and they nailed it.
,Recommended,248610,13938556,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,m0nk™,"Once MP drops for this game, everyone should have it.It may become a requirement to be on my friends list."
,Recommended,248610,13479918,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Chaplain Snory,It's like a Rainbow Six simulator 10/10
76561197991598380,Recommended,248610,12645722,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,GamerGawd,"This is a simple game thats full of fun and strategy. Content is huge and developers are really active in the community, which means it will only get better and better. GUI is simple and all the game modes make it endless, with even an editor to make your own maps and scenarios to share with others. Beats the hell out of solitaire or minesweep when you have a few minutes to kill. 9/10"
76561198161227949,Recommended,248610,12810941,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,patrick.h.stoddard,My hours aren't properly reflected. Because i have played this game in offline mode a lo. This game is good for about an hour of free time. But you won't play this game for hours on end. It's more like anvapp for your phone then avgame. But that being said it is still really good.
,Recommended,248610,14156773,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Lyriok,You can kick down doors without anybody looking at you with judging eyes.
,Not Recommended,248610,24390959,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Privat Party,"This is a game that could have made soo much more fun for me but sadly they made 1 stupid story mission impossible for me to successfully make it thru without getting one of my soldiers killed. It is not only the point that I didnt made that particular mission, but this mission made me feel like any weapon you achieve and any soldier you upgrade - well that all this doesnt matter. There are heavy foes that sometimes (if they want to kill) your whole squad OR if you lucky get killed like stupid dolls - there is just such a big random luck factor that I dearly dislike: 1. enemys will behave and spawn differently each time you start a map 2. your guys sometimes kill 10 heavy guys in a row without getting shot and you dont even really aim that prezisely at them, and sometimes they get killed by one guy but having the same equipment worn as with the previous with which you had killed 10 foes in a row and at the same areas and stuff.3. I played the whole non story mission stuff and unlocked good guns, armor but it rarely made an impact on that one particular mission. Plus, I leveld my soldiers too.I was at a point were I really began to love this game - but now I hate it thoroughly - now it seems to me that I've wasted a lot of time for nothing. I deleted it and I never want to play this game again."
76561198044443837,Recommended,248610,23087893,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Leronira,DOORKICKERSLeronira's Rating Scale:Absolutely fantastic experience.Definitely worth playing.Enjoyed it.It was somewhat okay.Avoid like a cancer.
,Recommended,248610,29135235,Posted: 8 January,all,Real Cool Time,"""Injured""""Injured""""Injured""""Injured""""Injured"""
76561198015526767,Recommended,248610,2988289,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,NIN2,Something new something fresh! Hooray for Indie games!!!!!
76561198071339057,Recommended,248610,6646392,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,TVRNVS,You kick down a lot of doors. Or blow them in. Then you kill things. Or they kill you. Pretty simple. Every time you kick a door one of two things will happen:1. Your team will clear the room.2.♥♥♥♥♥♥will hit the fan and everyone of your team will die in a hail of bullets.Get this.
76561197996967477,Recommended,248610,12061244,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Tarrot Cards,"Very good tactical/party based strategy game with RPG elements like skill trees, recruits level up as they get experience, etc.For the low price, game is a great RTS with pause abilities so you can, if you wish, plan out the teams strategy until the guestimated end of a situation, hit the play button and issue ""Go Commands"" with num pad buttons without ever needing to play it like a turn based strategy.This game has a suprising amount of depth, steam workshop support with great themed addons(WW2 weapons, etc.) randomized scenarios which really keeps the game alive for me, and a full fledged campaign which I actually enjoyed playing through for the first time in awhile, even though none of my recruits survived from the first mission, to last mission, I still had veteran officers due to the games class/leveling system.Also re-placement of an officer in barracks  with a new recruit after you loose someone on a mission, can really throw a wrench in your long term plans in the campaign.Which only adds more depth and a desire to complete missions without loosing any of your team, which gives you a reason to go back and get that 5 star mission rating that was too hard earlier in the game, while you use said mission to train new veterans."
,Recommended,248610,18955299,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,{yf} washermachine,"If Rainbow Six and Hotline Miami had a baby, it might be this masterpiece.Seriously, buy this now."
76561198038554897,Recommended,248610,19075116,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Funky Boy,"It ain't called Door Knob Turners for a reason. A SWAT strategy game is easy to pick up, a wee bit finicky at times but overall pretty enjoyable. Lacks the depth of the actual SWAT games but hey, we can't all be perfect. You can also name your soldiers so have fun with that. I guess."
,Recommended,248610,27434609,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,echo,An overall great tactical strategy game. I recommend this game 11/10 :D
76561198127939301,Recommended,248610,15780985,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Tessa Brooks,Though i only have 1.1 hours on my record i can still recomend this game. I haven't played this game much because i dont have a liking for stradegy games. That is only my opinon. However if you like strategy games your should get this game. I bought it on sale for ten buck and i do not think this game is worth 20 bucks. But that's just my opinon.
,Recommended,248610,19600942,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Numinar,"Fantastic game, has a few bugs with task switching and crashing a handfull of times over twenty hours. Incredible amount of content.A lot of the nuance is hard to come by even with a lot of playtime, some steam guides proved invalubale. A lot less fiddly/granular than Frozen Synapse but this makes it more fun somehow. Would love to see an XCOM mod/version with more destructible objects.Can be very random, a plus for some, as makes some scenarios much harder to solve. Some campaign missions seem like junk but it might just be me thats junk at the game. (VIP escort through street and a massive cruise liner mission)."
,Recommended,248610,20054221,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,AnCom Frog,"A tactical masterpiece, and a very unique game at that. Worth every penny."
,Recommended,248610,20107532,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,renesteeman,Perfect
,Recommended,248610,13468756,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Royale Gonzo,"Set up all my guys in perfect formation, executed the plan and opened doors into instant death.10/10 would kick doors in again."
,Recommended,248610,20136077,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Jacob Singer,"I was hesitant to buy this game because I never really liked that top-down view but as a fan of SWAT 4, I thought it might fill the void while I continue to daydream about a SWAT 5 release.I was hooked after playing my first few missions and before long I was obsessively trying to earn 3 stars on each of them. This game is a lot of fun and I'm glad I made the decision to buy it."
76561198070202377,Recommended,248610,20124824,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,cavemandan,"Great game to play,very addictive :)"
76561198210435748,Recommended,248610,20125106,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,ProfSir,"Perfect for the Surface Pro 3I found this through breach and clear on google play. I very nearly bought the mobile version until i realised it is available on steam. this is the only game that has ever made me feel guilty about a saleits perfect for both keyboard and tablet modes on my surface, So far I can only see one fault with it. in the first campain I failed a specific mission over and over again because my units could not fire fast enough so the hostage kept getting executed.however it has a level builder, mod support, 6 campaigns with more on the way and loads of loadout possibilitiesthis game is well worth the £15 I should have paid for it rather than the £2 from the sale"
,Recommended,248610,12895901,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,spectRe_,"Team Alpha, go! Bravo, engage!Pros:- Doorkickers has a very great tactical element to it, allowing you to utilize unit sight lines to spy corners before entering and taking out the baddies before shots are fired. Using multiple units for cover and movement through doorways, flashing, flanking is very fun and very satisfying when it all goes according to the plan in your mind.- The different classes to combine on missions is very interesting and with mobility meters could spell the difference between a good outcome on a mission or a very fatal end.- Utilization of ""Go-Codes"" is always exciting when you are able to time your plan sequences in a smooth, fluid execution.- There is a SKILL tree and Doctrine points to purchase weapons and gear (only once) for all of your units to use- Lots of maps and creatable content to share with Steam friends and community.Cons:- I have to admit, sometimes the units can be a bit finnicky, and it gets a bit frustrating; there are two tangos in a large room on the other side of a locked door you cannot flashbang through - breaching with a hammer, lockpick, or breaching charge takes too much time to set up, you send a man through and direct his sight line to sweep, but instead of firing on the first guy he sees on side A, sweeps and shoots man in corner B instead and leaves the first man he sees in the shadows. Alongside the factor of friendly fire sight lines, its frustrating when you have 2 of your own units stacked on top of each other, but one will not fire in his designated direction due to a teammate being directly on top of him.- I've found that enemy units are able to fire simultaneously and hit my units while they are in a line, while my units cannot fire through each other. Something I think will be patched in the future.- Another issue I'm having is pathing selections: there are times where lines will overlap in a hallway and you wnat to change the sight line of ONE of your units, but you can't select his pathing line because the OTHER guys' line is on top of his. I tried to lock one unit's path with SHIFT, but doesn't seem to work. Something that can be fixed.Conclusion:All in all, I REALLY do enjoy the game. For $20? Sure. I honestly feel the game's INCLUDED content could have been more, the campaigns are a bit short, but the replayability with different tactics is refreshing. The focus on community map content is a bit harrowing, as I'm not one to really have time to download and configure all of it to work. I also feel that each class should have their own type of special ability in relation with the skill trees, instead of just access to a certain type of primary weapon. Different stat fluctuations, maybe? I don't know. It's still a great game to kill time and terrorists with."
76561198074012973,Recommended,248610,16459409,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Smirky,"WITHIN 2 HOURS: DOORKICKERSALL THE YESIt is a top-town tactical shooter where the goal is to complete CS like objectives against the clock and freindly bodycountThe gameplay when you manage to control the rather hectic command interface is really cool and rewarding as you are able to plan where your own custom SWAT team goes to looks and use items to interact with the maps, Say A guy flashbangs a large room and everyone piles in, You waste a bunch of terrorists but don't check your corners as well as you could have and a hidden good picks a guy off with an innacurate burst of SMG fire but he gets picked off and you complete the missionIt is all about how well you are able to use your team and their equipment at hand to deal with the threat on the map and it is glorousAnd the progression and replay value at a glance looks great too as there is a very wide variety of weapons avalible for each of all the 4 unique classes in the game, individual cops (alongside your own progress bar) are able to gain XP on the field leveling up and getting better as the game goes onOverall: ALL MY YES"
,Recommended,248610,16462899,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,SilverCenturion,Amazing...finally we have a game that acually is stratigic and fun when it claims to be stratigic and fun!10/10
,Recommended,248610,16460934,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Lost One,"I'm only a bit in to the game, but already loving this game a lot. The interface is not always great (it's easy to lose track of each person's path when they overlap, for example), but I really like the premise. It takes careful planning and good coordination to succeed, which it should in this type of game. But the game doesn't make you succeed through repetition. It is possible to clear every mission on the first try if you plan well."
,Recommended,248610,17585311,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,NaU.Uberjannie,This is a strategy puzzle game. Extremely punishing for the completionists out there. Which is a good thing.
,Recommended,248610,16421167,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Adam,"This game has a lot of annoying UI problems - most of which are minor, but they add up - but other than that it's pretty good.The game mechanics are solid, if a bit unrealistic in parts. For example, enemies can hit you with grenades when you're inside a house and they're outside, down the street. (The grenade appears to go over the exterior wall of a house and through the roof.) Cover isn't very consistent. Some cars give you cover; others don't. It has an iron-man mode, which I appreciate. The unit classes are a bit unbalanced in that some are much more useful than others, but it doesn't matter too much.The game has you executing civilians without warning and without giving them a chance to surrender, so you basically play a bad cop in a police state, but then we're all used to games being murder simulators anyway. The game calls the criminals ""terrorists"", which is about as accurate as calling them ""communists"". I'm slightly bothered by the promotion of terrorist hysteria and the dilution of the word ""terrorist"" into meaninglessness, but oh well.The map designs are pretty good, but it seems that you either need luck or prescience to beat some of them without casualties, which is a bit unfortunate. The game comes with an editor that lets you make your own scenarios and share them for other people to play.The game doesn't have a manual or a decent tutorial, but you can probably figure it out.The developer is very active in the forums and frequently responds to questions, which I greatly appreciate, but I'm not sure how good he is at fixing bugs. (I know of at least one problem that he said would be fixed ""in the next update"", but that was in August 2014 and it's still not fixed as of June 2015. Maybe he forgot or maybe he changed his mind. I don't know.)The existing campaigns and missions seem like they'll provide at least 20 hours of play, and there are supposed to be more campaigns coming. I don't know whether the developer will make good on that promise, but it's nice that the game is supposed to continue to grow in the future.Overall, the game has lots of little problems that detract from the enjoyment but even so it's still fun."
,Recommended,248610,7446599,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,Emperor Marcus Awoolius,Probably the closest we'll ever get to a SWAT 5.
76561198007313318,Recommended,248610,16460512,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,erikickes,"Play in short bursts or plan out your entire strategy, hit GO and watch your guys play it through. When you restart the mission after everyone gets killed, it keeps your previous mission plan so you can tweak it until you get the full 3 stars. I just started playing the game but it is exactly what I've been looking for. Plus something like 900 mods in the community AND a mission generator AND mission editor, this could be the last game you'll ever need to play."
76561198118697312,Recommended,248610,16466934,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,My dudes,Amazing game! Actually feels like you are commanding a swat team.
76561198054064889,Recommended,248610,16458875,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,★슬퍼,This game is amazing just straight out the mechanics are very cool and well designed.
,Recommended,248610,16061078,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Chef muhammood,Needs runing.
,Recommended,248610,14022644,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Illumi-Monster,love this game so much fun buy it
,Recommended,248610,9636554,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,b0bl00i,"Difficult, strategic, smart and fun! 5/5"
,Recommended,248610,16672750,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Man Red,Simple control + complex plan = AddictionBring extra fun when you name the characters as your friends when they are KIA LOL
76561197971583378,Recommended,248610,16493029,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Scoobz23,"Ich habe das Spiel einige Zeit beobachtet. Das Grundkonzept hat mich von Anfang an angesprochen jedoch war ich sehr skeptisch was die Umsetzung anbelangt. Nach vielem hin und her habe ich im Sale zugeschlagen und muss sagen: Es lohnt sich.Natürlich nur für diejenigen die auf diese Art von spielen abfahren. Im Grunde ist es eine Huldigung an Spiele wie Rainbow Six oder SWAT. Trotzdem ist es eben was eigenes. Man könnte auch sagen man hat viel aus wenig gemacht und das Spiel ist der beste Beweis das es eben nicht immer tripple A Grafik sein muss um zu überzeugen.Die Spielmechanik ist einfach und intuitiv und schafft es mit wenig viel zu erreichen. Keine Komplexen Fingerverreckungen um einen Zugriff zu planen. Viel mehr ein rundes Interface das man schnell verinnerlicht.Die Soundkulisse ist gut wenn auch nicht perfekt. Wenn während eines Zugriffs ständig der gleiche Hintergrund-Loop abläuft können einem sogar US Sirenen mitunter auf den Keks gehen.Eine große Auswahl an Missionen in Verbindung mit einer ausreichenden Auswahl an Ausrüstung u. Waffen lassen einem genug freiraum und wem das nicht reicht der kann sich ja mit dem Editor befassen. Dazu kann ich allerdings noch gar nichts sagen da ich mich damit noch nicht befasst habe.Fazit: Ein feines Game für Fans des Genre, für alle anderen etwas das man im Sale ruhig mal ergattern kann jedoch beim Vollpreis wohl er nicht überzeugen wird."
76561198045703844,Recommended,248610,23958572,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Top Tier Waifu Mk.II,"Well, what should I say?I played this game for quite a long time (mostly cracked (yeah-yeah, I know I know...)) now and after I saw that this game is so cheap at the moment, I instantly bought it.This game is unique. It's pretty intense and there isn't any better feeling if your plan works perfect. Really. Also, you need some time to get throught it. Of course you can do it like Rambo and just run throught the whole map, but if you want to play it right, like a real SWAT Team... oh boy that will be hard! Seriously, it's really hard thanks to the random spawns and co.If you want a game where you need to think about your actions, this game will fit you pretty well. If you want a game with some badass shooting, this game will fit you pretty well. If you just want to kick some doors... well, guess what? This game will fit you extremly well!Seriously, buy that game now, it's way too cheap for such an amazing game!"
,Recommended,248610,23935117,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,RedfoxTheGamer,"This is a brilliant game! I love the campaign mode and how if one of your character dies, hes gone! Check out my video if you want to see some gameplay footage -https://youtu.be/_fz6jbRHrlQ"
,Recommended,248610,25488315,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Red0nyou,A very underloocked game that it's so minimalist it's basically gameplay.If you miss tactical FPSs this is a good fix for your neglected addiction. You can play it very thoughtful or just going in into the action with the great risk of getting killed.It gets repetitive in the last part of the game but when you get there you will have gotten your investment back.
,Recommended,248610,14899948,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,|Corrupt|,"Awsome indie game, very tactical and lots of options. Bit expensive though don;t pay more than $15."
76561197970666629,Recommended,248610,20122006,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,inkni,The best $4 I have ever spent on Steam.
,Recommended,248610,20146400,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,eFTy,"I'm not sure if the game is worth the full price (unless you're a big swat/tactics fan) but at least at the steam sale price this game is an incredible bargain.Loads of levels, tons of weapons and extra gear, smooth gameplay and easy controls. It's pretty awesome and at least a little bit addictive.If there's one criticism I'd have, it's that it could really use more varied voices. I'd actually be happy if they released a payable DLC that added south american drug cartel voices, arab terrorists, yakuza or triad mobsters, tchechen terrorists etc. If they could also add more voices for the swat team it would be fantastic."
76561197967412807,Recommended,248610,20143371,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,UberWiggett,another cheap but gold quality title. the tactical planning of rb6 (og!) and the dynamic tango stacking makes every mission playthrough a challenge. great little game
,Recommended,248610,20209604,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,fl0res,This game absolutely has a future.If developers keeps updating on good way it will be perfect..And it is really cheap right now no need to dont purchase.
,Recommended,248610,19456621,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,superalat,"Having a lot of fun with this game. Some of the maps are very challenging and difficult, especially if you are going for the one man only challenge. I would not stop retrying until I manage complete all the challenges for a map.Very engaging, very fun to play. Definitely worth the purchase, in my opinion."
,Recommended,248610,16471409,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Tomaszek,Don't bother reading any more reviews because I am here to say BUY THIS GAME. If you have any interest in tactical teams and tactics in general then this is for you. Anybody can jump on a first person shooter and go for a run but this is the first game that even comes close to the immersion that the SWAT franchise gave us in terms of entry team decision making.Do you want to go in quietly and plan every single corner down to the tiniest detail? Or do you want to throw thirty flash-bangs and fill the room with lead?This game is totally epic and I was not expecting it to be this fun.Pros+plan your route right down to individual arcs and tasks+cause mayhem or sneak in with silenced weapons+HUGE replayabilityCons-would love a bit more gear and weapon customizationGameplay 9/10Tactical options 8/10Soundtrack 10/10Go kick some doors
76561198091758660,Recommended,248610,25496847,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,klonkiler0001,"Hard but fun and satisfactory startegic game, so take your time to think about your plan than start it and... fail and try again and again until you succeed. Great game."
,Recommended,248610,24073811,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Lord_Domin8r,"Door Kickers is one of those pleasant surprises that comes every now and then.This is essentially a Top Down SWAT Team Simulator that is extremely Tactical.How would I describe Door Kickers ?This game reminds me of  releases such as Rainbow Six, SWAT or Takedown Red Sabre.This is a slow and methodical game as it will brutally punish you if you make a mistake. Thought and precise movements must be taken into account if you wish for all of your squad mates to survive the incursion."
,Recommended,248610,23983452,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,spoork,"Buy this game. It's worth it.Why?Pros:-nice graphics-simple controls-entertaining and satisfying gameplay-some cool mods and maps-Door Kickers 2 incomingCons:-there is no way to change order of things that you want your guy to do in one place (for example if you order your guy to use flash through door and wait for alpha he will flash and then wait for alpha, but if you order him to use flash while he's not standing near door he will flash after alpha command if you know what i mean lol)Thats why you should buy it! Do it now!"
,Recommended,248610,24029289,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Buddyboy105,"This game is great!I did get it on sale for 85% off, I don't think it would be worth the full price, but then again I must admit I'm cheap.Door Kickers involves strategically moving your SWAT units, taking down terrorists, rescuing hostages and more!I must say that the random map generator can be buggy at times because it may create a room with no doors to access the inside of the room, but from what I have seen, this bug is very rare.So if this is ever on-sale I consider this game a must-buy for strategy fans, and if you still aren't sure if you are going to like it, there are always other reviews, youtube videos, and the steam refund system to help you make your choice. So what do you have to lose? Give it a go!"
76561198082554025,Recommended,248610,24257006,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Rex,really cool ! try it
76561198067307153,Recommended,248610,24075788,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,woebegone,Tactics. Really fun. Cheap. Buy.
76561197995170830,Recommended,248610,19493694,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Caligo,This game reminds me of the first Rainbow Six. Really fun puzzle worth the money.
,Recommended,248610,33235482,Posted: 4 July,all,Bedardersauce,It's a fun game. I always find a way to get my swat freinds stuck in a doorway though. we're like the worst swat team around. other swat teams make fun of us.....all the time.
,Recommended,248610,32824281,Posted: 26 June,all,Thoroughbred Aryan Loli,"Don't mind my playtime, I've got +60 hours on the DRM-free version (yay GOG). It's a fun tacticool-y top-down shooter with some light RPG progression elements and toggable permadeath. So it is tactical to some extent, but far from grognardy. You won't be punished for executing an imperfect slice of the pie, and that's okay.The pros:Great and easy modability; active workshopPassable gunplay, basic but FUN nonethelessA series of short but engaging campaigns. Whack-load of one-off single missions and tons of maps on the workshop. There's a random level generator too, but it's basic as heck and the basic gameplay turns those levels into a arcadey Robotron-esque experience.The meh:Few and limited art and sound assets, but a-ok quality. There's only one voice for tactical commands and it gets old fast. The character portraits are goofy but nice. You can easily get attached to your dudes and weep over untimely deaths.Weapon and class unlocks are grindy as heck (some people dig this). The basic weapons are good enough, but for the unlockables there's a clear progression - you only achieve a full variety of tactical options after some good grinding. Just mod this out if the grinds turns you off.The cons:Basic, grunt-y AI. You're against mooks and crankheads with tooty shooters, and it shows. At the end of the day this is the game's biggest fault. A good AI (even if it only meant throwing some unexpected punches at you every now and then) would make the game infinitely replayable. As it stands, there's 10-15 hours of gameplay here.VEREDICT:This ain't the love baby of SWAT 4 and Frozen Synapse. If you wanna rock your grognard balls off you'll have to look elsewhere. Some peeps say this is essentially a mobile game, but the devs set the bar a bit higher than that. Think mobile on steroids. If unsure, grab on sale. Otherwise go for it."
76561197995980443,Recommended,248610,18723862,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Voki,TOUCHSCREEN-FRIENDLY!! nice Game!
,Recommended,248610,29209198,Posted: 12 January,all,tUrgEsceNt.bOy,"This door kicking simulator is addictive enough it sometimes call me at night, and sends me a SWAT team to kick me in the door knob."
,Recommended,248610,20020631,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,[Sir] Alfred Shitsneeze,Good for a little sit down
,Recommended,248610,19982499,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Boner Donor,"First they were just a pair of door kicking beat cops with just handguns, rushing into buildings to take down a couple gangsta ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. A few missions with me and they became a heavily armed, door-exploding death squad taking on militias much larger than their own squad (Heinrich Himmler would have been proud). Just, uh, don't call them for a petty crime, I'm not sure they remember what it was like to be a cop."
,Recommended,248610,19430236,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Virtuoso1,So I got this game yesterday and I already sank 8 hours into it...Help me.. I am being held hostage by the game.
,Recommended,248610,20214389,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,jirigracik,"Just avesome. Many levels, many weapons, many bad guys, few good guys, many tactics, And I love the new challenges."
,Recommended,248610,20206921,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Obawan,"A lot of people compare Door Kickers to Breach & Clear, and even The Masterplan. Where this is probably a good comparison in terms of genre and what to expect, Door Kickers is far more fluid and boasts a rather active community giving the game experience a slight edge over Breach & Clear and perhaps a lasting experience.The concept is pretty simple. You run a SWAT-like squad which you are able to level up through single missions (""training"") and get to equip them with weapon and armour upgrades as you complete missions, level up your squad and gain ""roster stars"". These you spend on upgrades. You can also gain a type of skill point that you can use to improve the 3 basic weapon trees: hand-guns, assault, shot-guns. These all become bigger, brighter and better as you progress and start to unlock other roles for your squad: breacher, assaulter, stealth and a shielder.The workshop community have already created a large array of mission rooms and campaigns, but there is also an editor in-game and random room creator that help to gain those level ups before tackling the storyline campaigns.This isn't your Real World SWAT team. Don't expect negotiation abilities, or actual SWAT tactics to retrieve hostages. The game borrows from SWAT. Once you can accept that, then the game is pretty fun. You can stop/pause to plot within the mission or campaign, or run it fluidly which I think really adds to the atmosphere of the game. Fog of War obscures rooms and areas, so trying to clear out a biker gang hideout, or safely escort a VIP from a train station can be daunting, exciting and full of action if you don't pick the right squad members or plot your actions carefully.Leave no door unopened. Even if it is a toilet. Tangos hide in toilets.Overall, if you want something harking back to the old SWAT games, you may not like Door Kickers not keeping to SWAT regulations and realism. Otherwise, if you like using spy cameras to check out rooms for the bad guys, breaching with a shot gun, or using a shield guy as a decoy whilst you flank from behind some cars in a parking garage, you will probably really enjoy Door Kickers."
76561198039592438,Recommended,248610,15588843,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Diablo,"The mighty,Breach plantingTazer wieldingFlashbang thowingShield holdingArmour wearingShotgun totingStealth manouveringTango killingHostage rescuingDrug bustingBomb defusingExecutioner executioningMagnum blastingSniper firingLock pickingLeader detainingWindow breakingDoor kickingSWAT TEAM"
,Recommended,248610,15599920,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,BlockChain ~~,A good mixture of simplicity and complexity + endless fun.
76561198183306810,Recommended,248610,15611237,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,GlobalHaloPro4U,"Review:It's really a fun game. Can't wait for more content! I praise the idea behind the game and it's originality!!!!NEW REVIEW!  after putting some more hours in the game:I think the game needs more basic missions and campaigns. Behond that, the game is still awesome!"
,Recommended,248610,12687717,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,ilkhani,"Door Kickers is basically the original SWAT/Rainbow Six from a top-down perspective.It has simplified the gameplay for a more casual approach.It supports mods and you can already download the Rainbow Six mod for a nostalgic trip down memory lane.Its simplicity does leave you craving for a proper Rainbow Six game, which we all know is not going to happen anytime soon.Hopefully a potential sequel to Door Kickers will have more complex ai and more depth.Buy if you are a fan of tactical games with more time spent planning ahead rather than the actual action.Avoid if you don't have patience."
,Recommended,248610,14872271,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Pizzanomnommer,Needs zombie mode10/10
76561198200115753,Recommended,248610,16734552,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Shinji Ikari's Hand,"This game is fun.Many hours ago, I learned that SWAT work is so dangerous, they're carrying Tier 1 Operator gear.And Prohibition-era weapons, such as the sawed-off BAR or the (in)famous Tommy Gun.And that they recruited SOCOM to do their work.And that the two preferred armor these teams would wear is either a juggernaut suit or an armored exosuit.11/10 USA USA USA SAFEST COUNTRY IN THIS WORLDNAY, THIS GALAXYNO.IN THIS UNIVERSE AND BEYOND."
,Recommended,248610,14399537,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,TheJonVincent,"Okay, I've been sitting here glued to my screen for 3 hours straight and I'm approaching level 20 and just wanted to stop for a minute and tell you why I love this game and why I think that you just might love it too.First, if you loved the planning of Rainbow Six and the strategy of the old school SWAT games, stop reading my review and go buy this...it's the closest thing, I think, that we're going to get to a spiritual successor.This game has it all: strategy, great firefights (even though it's top down, the gun fights feel ferocious), a nice bit of customization, and a great developer that continually supports the game (there was another recent update adding more levels and bug fixes).Also, it's worth noting that this game is in BETA (I think) and is as stable as I've ever seen; zero crashes or bugs for me thus far.This game is easy to pick up and hard to master. But, before you know it, you'll be laying way points, tossing flashbangs, and blowing doors off their hinges like a pro. The first time you storm a building from two entrances, tossing flashbangs and double tapping baddies, all while a sniper lays down cover fire, you'll be grinning like an idiot. And when your team dies because your point man forgot to check his corners, you'll happily restart and do it all again.5/5"
,Recommended,248610,15573163,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Teranatural,After you play it for a bit I can more than guarantee that 'time to say goodbye' will be your least favorite saying. Ever.
,Recommended,248610,14510998,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Leafwater,Definitely recommend this for people who like their tactical strategy games. I like FPS's but this is honestly a nice break from that.
,Recommended,248610,15843229,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Xingcai,V. Good.
76561198043821851,Recommended,248610,15998543,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,[GGR] Freeze,"""8 hours later""oh, yes, I was supposed to do stuff"
,Recommended,248610,13665599,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Nally.,I kick doors in real life so it was nice to see a simulator that brought out the realism to this sacred act6/10
,Recommended,248610,17820506,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,AgentEv2,This game has taught me to hate the hostages for dying more than the criminals for killing them.7.5/10
,Recommended,248610,16657882,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,H.,"This game teach me ""if your first plan is suck, look around look forward and use your second plan before we die all."""
76561197970529119,Recommended,248610,15534170,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Static10101,"Great simplified SWAT tactics--however, once you scratch the surface, you will find that there is a surprising amount of depth here.  Unlockable specializations (classes and skill trees) and fantastic controls make this an easy game to jump into for a couple of quick missions.  Hours later, you realize that you have completely lost track of time.  One more mission, you tell yourself, again...10/10 Would keep lying to myself and losing sleep"
76561198043888147,Recommended,248610,19745838,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Your bully,"If you've played S.W.A.T or the Early Rainbow Six Games, you'll love this.It's gives an amazing topdown perspective, making it possible to live out your autistic C.O fantasies of sending many a man through fatal funnels.The controls are easy to grasp, but allow for extremely complex plans as you unlock items and squad classes.Decent modding community is also a plus.8/10"
,Recommended,248610,20218848,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,quixoticaxis,"That's an interesting game, guess I'll spend a few days with it. It somehow reminds me of the old Commandos series.The game is lacking in tutorials/tips but you'll easily sort everything out after a few missions.I suppose the game is worth its full price, and it's certainly worth buying while on sale."
,Recommended,248610,31315625,Posted: 23 April,all,Altrue,Great game!
76561197973307364,Recommended,248610,31356219,Posted: 25 April,all,Jordon,"Super awesome fun that brings back the days of the old 2D SWAT games. Nice interface, well executed game.The biggest gripe, and I'm sure I'm not alone in this, is that it's designed to be a real-time game. You should frequently pause and replan your next few steps. But you might be tempted to try to plan out the entire level from the very start, but alas the game doesn't let you. There are mechanics that require intervetion that will stop your grand plan, so you need to learn to play real-time.The real-time thing is actually fun if you get used to it, but maybe needs a limited amount of saves or something? I hate repetition too much.."
,Recommended,248610,31411602,Posted: 28 April,all,[lt] skarolis,A pleasant surprise
,Recommended,248610,19680200,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Wingspan,"Controls are a bit awkward, but I LOVE IT WHEN A PLAN COMES TOGETHER! 2 separate breaches, flashbangs rolled in sync, BANG, storm the front to clean up the trash. Couple seconds and you've cleared 2 rooms without any return fire."
,Recommended,248610,11122713,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Plooskie,I'm in love with this game...
76561198055726561,Recommended,248610,11040244,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,lk10xxx,A good tactial top town shooter :) give it a shot. Hard but fair
76561198059150597,Recommended,248610,11113140,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Fatcat123,its great a real game that is top down tactical gameplay it makes for great fun for hours
,Recommended,248610,15515767,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,yura^,Best Twitch Swatting Simulator
,Recommended,248610,14114693,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,med1cz,"Door Kickers is a top-down strategy game that puts you in a command of SWAT team.You have your SWAT team on disposal and you need to kick many doors (hence the name) and kill many bad guys.You can plan your assault and/or move your SWAT members in real time, also you can pause the time to make precise instructions for troops.The biggest plus of this game is modding. This game is not out too long but there are many mods: total conversion, skin mods, weapon mods, levels which can be published to workshop from in-game so this adds to great, infinite replayability.So yeah, I recommend this gameTIP: don't give names to your squad members of your family and friends because they will get brutally murdered by a terrorist that you missed in that one corner where you didn't expect him"
,Recommended,248610,25385967,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,GOUST,"Door Kickers is one of my favorite games. It requires you to think about every little move, and placement constantly. There is limitless content, the missions, the workshop missions, the generator, the editor, you just can't run out of levels.On top of just being a good top down strat game, it does really well at progression. There is many types of assault rifles, pistols, grenades, and equipment at your fingertips to complete a mission. You must use your Officers to get their skills up, and condition them to get better at aiming, and reaction time.Overall, I rate this game 9/10.I highly reccomended it."
,Recommended,248610,10863902,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Iraq Lobster,Must-have for all who like tactical game!
76561198079888158,Recommended,248610,10184431,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Epos,"I highly recommend this game, even in it's alpha stage. Very smooth, well designed."
,Recommended,248610,10206661,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Kiddterralv | 17e,"This game is awesome, who doesn't want to break a door down and blow a terrorist head off?I've played the game for a couple hours so far, it fun and very interesting, however, remember that this is still an alpha, so not even a beta yet, so don't expect everything to be polished or the game to be at its full. The game can be pretty frustrating at times, for example I don't understand the use of stealth weapons, it doesn't change anything, enemies hear you and come to investigate. I hate this, i like playing stealthy by as soon as one shot from a stealth weapon  goes off, enemies come to see what the noise was then♥♥♥♥♥♥turns into cluster ♥♥♥♥ central. I do hope they actually fix this, if they did then this game would definitely be on my top 5 game list.There's this a lot missing from the game, for example not all of the upgrades are available, there's no campaign so you just go through different stages and shoot at people. One of the most frustrating missions are hostage rescue missions, at first they are nice and all but after a couple stages, they start executing hostages, so if you break a door or shoot at someone, you have 5 seconds to reach the hostages before they are executed,  which isn't easy in a big house/office... Also, it seems SWAT doesn't care much for hostages, if they see an enemy and there's a hostage in-between them, they just shoot at them and kill the hostage, which is especially annoying since if you kill a hostage, or a hostage dies, it's mission failed. Don't expect it to be a Call of Duty like game where one person takes on an entire building full of terrorists, you will almost always be out-numbered so you have to plan ahead of time, and be ready to adapt when things don't go your way.  I would recommend this game if you like games like XCOM but remember, this is still an alpha and there's a lot missing."
,Recommended,248610,15884583,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Xplain,A very tactical and difficult game. It was worth all the money.
,Recommended,248610,12293185,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Me_Monk,Great game! Very fun when you execute a plan prefectly. Tons of content for an early acess game and more to come when it is released soon!
,Recommended,248610,8607086,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Spiratic,"great game with some addicting moments and with the mission generator and editor, you can make some great moments of your own.Music is pretty good although annoying when it plays the same track over and over but you hardly notice and still have tons of fun, i highly recommend this game to strategists and people who love a perma death type system."
76561197963606754,Recommended,248610,10031944,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Ranger Shaun,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1YqQI6GJ0wDo you like terroists?Of course you dont!So go and kick their♥♥♥♥♥ Or doors!This game is so much fun.The mindset i'm having while playing this is like Xcom, which is one of my favourite games of all time.You will be striving for the best time on each level before you know it.Can't wait to see what else the developers have in mind for this title."
,Recommended,248610,10085813,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Happy Slender,Best early access game i ever bought its fun if i had more free time i would 24/7 this game and try get 3 stars on all
76561197971336836,Recommended,248610,10214078,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,ebonwarlock,Completely and utterly addictive. Lots of fun...
,Recommended,248610,11734876,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,deltawing,This game is awesome even in its beta form. I can't wait for the full version!
76561198013017785,Recommended,248610,9581207,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,bob,"Excellent game, keep getting better and better.Gotta love when devs releasing ""early access"" actually keep on working AFTER the early release.This is a game I keep going back to after each patch, highly recommended !"
76561198028223843,Recommended,248610,17661702,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,RyanM226,"Incredible strategy game, highly recommended. I picked it up on sale but its well worth full price. 10/10."
,Recommended,248610,11927892,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Skywarp,"An addictive time killer. Kick doors, kick asses. Shoot first, ask questions later.Missions are quick, so you don't get bored.The level editor\generator is handy when you run out of missions."
,Recommended,248610,9575622,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,ShmoeHAMMAD,"An updated small scale squad based RTS.  If you liked any of the Commandos or old SWAT games then you will love this.  It easy to learn, has great graphics, very smooth gameplay, and is quite fun.  It is well worth the money."
76561198049788543,Recommended,248610,12404272,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Cornstalk6,Really creative and fun game!
,Recommended,248610,14974326,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Heckler&Koch,Like S.W.A.T. and Rainbow Six? BUY it -  It's worth it!
76561197967450320,Recommended,248610,22175098,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Abekongen,"Door Kickers is just a great, refreshing take on the old tactical ""move your men around and shoot""-style of game. It is what you would hope for as the next installment of XCOM or Jagged Alliance 2. Gone are the tedious hour-hungry turn-based mechanics of yesteryear. Gone are the unnecessary numbers and virtual die rolls. Instead you get fast-paced, easy-to-play excitement from start to end. The end unfortunately comes too soon. More content would have been nice, and the third party downloads are unfortunately very lacking. I hope the sequel will provide much more. And - BTW - beware the almost uannounced permadeath in campaign mode! Realizing that your loyal Lieutenant has suddenly and irreversably disappeared from your roster is not what I call enjoyable fun!"
76561197985111250,Recommended,248610,10038786,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,chillindylan642,Best 15 bucks I've spent on a game...and its still early access. The tactical variety is unreal. If you like anything along the lines of rainbow six or swat you need this in your life. 10/10
,Recommended,248610,10236899,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,SirArchdukeEsq,It has a few graphics and recording bugs but that is expected for alpha games. 9/10
,Recommended,248610,10675615,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Industrial Trash Can,"So good. It's like playing CS, but without idiot teammates that don't do what they should."
76561197983697932,Recommended,248610,12411392,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Bob Loblaw,If you like SWAT 4 get this naaow! 10/10
76561198087632333,Recommended,248610,8627588,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Eden,"Easily one of the most intense top down games I've ever played. The ability to have multiple entry strategies whether that be placing a charge on the door, shooting the lock, or tossing in a flashbang makes the outcomes of just a single room almost immeasurable. The AI is great as well. If you take a more stealthy approach, the enemies may not be watching the door waiting for you. But if you charge through the house blasting everyone with shotguns, expect them to be in cover waiting for your squad to barge in. Also, even though on the menu it says its in the ""Alpha"" phase you could mistake this for a finished game. I've spent almost 4 hours in it I think and haven't seen a single bug or experienced an issue. The best 15 dollars I've ever spent. I hope its finished soon. If you can drop 15 dollars, put it into this game. You won't be dissappointed."
,Recommended,248610,10198831,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,So Much For Subtlety,"Maybe be in alpha, but this game is already compelling, fun, and challenging. A winner in the making."
76561197971229928,Recommended,248610,11867430,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,himelsphere,very kewl game like it more and more  i know lot of  ppl  are gona like it only beta !!!
,Recommended,248610,12142227,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,zworp,Awesome!
,Recommended,248610,16030482,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,XRacKS [GER],Just EPIC!If you like Top-Down Tactics - BUY IT!If you like Top-Down Puzzels - BUY IT!If you ever wanted to command a SWAT Unit - BUY ITI just fell in love with this game.Try and Error/Succeed at its best!
76561198023346052,Recommended,248610,8597308,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Berkzerker,If you ever liked Rainbow Six style games then this is for you. It's 2D top-down view and very tactical.
,Recommended,248610,9562375,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,nmb,Great game endless hours of fun and shooting!
,Recommended,248610,9730088,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Caste,I obsess about this game.
76561198075353928,Recommended,248610,6792211,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,Lewi,best SWAT simulator ever.
,Recommended,248610,20040766,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,cone,"Basically CS:GO, except your team mates actually listen instead of swearing at you."
,Recommended,248610,21826640,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Sid シド,"Select your gear, plan your tactics wisely, breach, bang, clear!Local / Co-op / Mp would be nice.."
76561198016148891,Recommended,248610,32981705,Posted: 29 June,all,morkaii,"Pure and simple fun mixed with very tactical thinking. If you have done any millitary or lawenforcement service/training you will love it as will you if you have no prior experience of MOUT, SIB, FISH etc.There are a few mods that i have personaly not tried but some look real good."
,Recommended,248610,17121539,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,ShOdinReepr,"Highly recommend this if you were into the swat, rainbow series, or strategy games. Very polished and mod-able. Be warned, time will fly while you lay out your perfect one shot plan!"
,Recommended,248610,25078073,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,velociraptor jesus,Only early access that I bought that didn't turn into♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,248610,15477704,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Alex[UA],Spending half an hour planning the perfect operation->Clicking 'Play' and watching SWAT trashing bandits in style.Perfectly.Awesome.Satisfying.Level editor included.
76561198013058748,Recommended,248610,15726439,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Jouwar,"It took a few hours for me to begin truly enjoying Door Kickers, and it was only after: A. I began to see it more as a puzzle game than a tactical shooter and B. stopped deploying 2-8 exact clones and diversified my squad.  This game has high replay value, a nicely paced learning curve, and creates genuine thrills when a plan comes together.  I have a few small complaints (mainly the inconsistency of the AI towards hostages), but for its price this was a steal for the hours I will continue to get out of it."
,Recommended,248610,8586468,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Rambovic,"A Masterpiece of tactical strategical gameplay.My #1 of Early Access, because of the friendliest and most active developers.Buy it."
,Recommended,248610,16687131,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Google Maps,coooooooooooool  game
76561198091556827,Recommended,248610,14020236,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Phoenix2k3,"Great game,love,Kicking doorsshooting bad guys point blank with a shotgunKicking more doorsdownloading mods and mapes so you never run out of things to doKicking even more doorsreally enjoy this game and the devs work hard at it to, worth investing."
76561198108779343,Recommended,248610,16177900,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Queso424,it is a very fun game to play. just wish they had some type of multiplayer
,Recommended,248610,19317898,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Serben,"A very interensting game to say the least, ive enjoyed every bit of this game since i bought it. i like that it has a very strategic element to it all. the story/game is about you as the command central to lead swat forces through home breches, bomb defusals and even hostage rescue. at first i thought it was hard, but that was because i did´nt now the controls and commands aswell as i do now. but overall i think its a really good game. BUY IT!"
,Recommended,248610,13826336,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,DinosaurPizza,"Really a tremendously well-made strategy game around being a SWAT commando. There's a huge amount of content and there's already promises from the developer to add even more. I should add that the developer's openness and availability through things like Twitter make it a lot easier to love this game.It's a great game with solid mechanics. It's a terrific value, and the developers are very friendly/reasonable. Doorkickers is defintely worth getting if you have the slightest amount of interest."
,Recommended,248610,15474297,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,OU812iC,"Very refreshing.  Good price they definately deserve the ten bucks.  Although its half off right now and thats what I paid, the game is worth it.  Very challenging, lots of levels/maps.  If you ever played the game ""swat"" and enjoyed it you would likely enjoy this as well.  It is not only challenging but rather addicting so be careful...lol"
76561198020637165,Recommended,248610,13841389,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,rubikon5,"lean, mean and unforgiving. pure gaming nirvana. brings back the feeling of 'just one more time' as you try to score a faster time, fine tune a route or hope to cthulhu that your man manages to react fast enough to take the shot before the hostage gets wasted.buy it now."
,Recommended,248610,15859594,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,m0s,Tango down
,Recommended,248610,27273836,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Frogider,really good tactical simulator!
,Recommended,248610,15363383,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Hanosandy,"It's a great take on top down tactical close quarters combat.  It has the feel of the game ""Hotline Miami.""  The controls overall were why I stopped playing, they felt wonky and couldn't control the angle of your LOS (line of sight) very well, which rendered the tactical element of the game almost useless.  The concept is there, and it could be a lot of fun if you master the control scheme, however, I am just too old to try and get it down.  Fans of the Rainbow Six series (the old ones) will be familiar with this type of game, and likely enjoy it.  Also there is a Rainbow Six mod, which I played with that will add even more familiarity to this game.  I recommend it but with hestitation that he controls are very difficult to get in the groove.  Get this for sure if it is on sale, and you are a fan of tactical gameplay."
,Recommended,248610,16786568,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Yorkin,"Great game.  Very addicting, mostly short levels.  Only complaint is that it can get repetative after you fully understand how to effectively clear rooms and unlock all the gear that you're ever going to use, but it takes quite a while to get to that point."
,Recommended,248610,10970069,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,DaveFoz,"For a easy concept game it is fun and annoying at the same time,  Put you plan together, set it running and watch as your guys go down.  Or watch as they clear the field in the first run.Easy to understand, hard to master, but damn good fun all the same.  For a Beta, it can onlt get better.Few crashes to start with, send off the crash reports to help the Dev team.Definatly worth a look if you like to plan stuff then watch it go very right or very wrong :)"
76561198066515782,Recommended,248610,13962536,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,TheDanishCorgi,"Huge amounts of content, an awesome level editor, plenty of guns and a great modding scene. If your into anything tactical, buy this now. If not, buy it anyway.Seriously"
,Recommended,248610,10847617,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,[NM] JOHN CENA,"I very much enjoy this game. What I love most is those massive Alpha -bravo-charlie plans that take like 10 minutes to set up. This game will PUNISH you for not checking that closet in the corner, or having a soldier spycam with nobody to cover the hall he's in. Nothing but a shining recommendation for this game. I've had it since the alpha and still play."
76561198004463652,Recommended,248610,12593717,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Reaver,"Great game. Very easy to pick up, hard to master."
76561197991176521,Recommended,248610,12615966,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Choronodon,"If you liked the old SWAT games, or tactical squad-based stuff, you'll like this game."
76561198071917379,Recommended,248610,12698122,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,[49th]157C,"This game is absolutely amazing. The 4 hours I've spent on this game have been some of the best hours I've ever spent on a game. As most people said (in which I agree) this game is a Top-Down SWAT 4, and I have absolutely no problem with that, since I play SWAT 4 often because it's on my computer, and it's awesome, and I have just as much (maybe even more) fun on this. My 2 only problems with this game are: The ""random"" map generator, isn't really random, but that doesn't bother me as much as this, THERE IS NO SHIELD OR STEALTH DOCTRINE. Now I realize there is a mod for a stealth doctrine, but I'm not too fond of it, so hopefully the developers can add these 2, my ideas for a stealth doctrine is hopefully it makes the stealth guys completely silent at footsteps, lockpicking, basically everything, and I hope in the shield doctine they add a shield bash ability, that'd be totally awesome. This is a great game overall and I absolutely love it and will play it all the time probably, good job developers, hopefully you'll see this and take my ideas into consideration, love this game though, keep up the good work!"
76561198040732694,Recommended,248610,13968142,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,WaspEater,"Doorkickers is a awesome game!  You have to plan and execute Missions for a Police Squad. You can plan the whole execution before you start the mission or change the plan while the Mission is running. You have many options how you get the job done. You get single Mission: They are like squad training missions. You can use them to learn and improve your Squad. Unlock new weapons and skills. You have multiple Campaigns: Here you have to be careful it is possible that your squad members die during the campaign.There is also new contet, which is added to the game constantly from the developers. In Addtion, you have content from players on the Steam workshop. Overall, you can have a lot of fun with that game. I bought it on the Steam Christmas sale but form me is worth it´s 19, - €"
,Recommended,248610,16433294,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Lorne Malvo,"Door Kickers is the ultimate top-down tactical SWAT simulator. Challenging, packed with missions, never frustrating, it will keep you busy for many hours trying to perfect your execution and a tactical gem that’s designed almost like a puzzle game.9/10"
,Recommended,248610,19464956,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,L4Z0R,"Doorkickers in an awesome semi-realistic top-down pause/play Urban Ops tactical planning game (a lot of words, i know), focusing on police and counter-terrorism scenarios. It has exceptional value for your money, and the devs are decent enough to actually bring a good game out of early acces. That shouldn't have to be a plus, but it is.Your SWAT team is fully levlable with it's own skill tree, seperate from the leveling of each individual team member, and the unlocking of new gear for your team, which adds to the feeling of progression and depth of the game. There are a LOT of ways to complete most levels, and as you unlock new gear you can go back and solve a scenario in a new and better way, improving replayability. Your team members die permanently (and is replaced by a rookie police officer) if you don't restart a mission where someone died, which gives every tactical decission you make a distinct feeling of importance.For someone with basic experience with military urban ops tactics, gameplay feels intuitive and realistic in that real life techniques and equipment are successfull when applied apropriately within the game. It's rewarding that I can jump straight into the game, learn the controlls, and instantly see how a good plan works, and a bad plan don't, and know EXACTLY why.One of the few problems i have with the game (which is completely subjective, and perhaps even a part of the intended difficulty) is that as the maps become bigger and the enemies more numeorus it becomes VERY tedious to make a working plan beforehand, and you basically have to ""test"" your way through the level. Another problem I have is that it gets problematic to controll bigger teams when you want them to walk the same path but perform different actions and cover different sectors, because their waypoints and routes overlap and create an unmanagable cluster. There should be a better way to toggle between the units and finalize/hide certain units' actions (maybe there is, but i missed it?).Another thing I wish was improved is the intelligence and behviour of the AI enemies. Considering they are hardened terrorists and seasoned criminals they're pretty stupid. This is really a realism issue, and not a gameplay issue, as I do mostly enjoy the game and it's dificulty as it is."
,Recommended,248610,10372280,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Criminula,"This game is brilliant. For a game still in development, it is surprisingly good. One of my favourite top-down games ever. Easy enough to understand, but with a great deal of versatility in regards to how you wish to play out each mission. Do you go slowly from room to room, checking past each door with a spy camera, or just charge in with shotguns, grenades and breaching charges? This game can also be quite challenging, which means completion of a difficult mission actually feels like an achievment. I'm hoping as development goes forward the variety of weapons, tools, tactics and missions  will all increase, so you can play the game entirely your way."
,Recommended,248610,10728512,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Microsoft Word,"Great game. Really, really great game. I've only two hours of playing behind me but I can already foretell hours and hours of fun. The concept is cool, the gameplay is very good. It's easy to understand the mechanics, but it's a real challenge to success through the levels ! I can't wait to see the final product ! Thanks guys, I hope your game will know the success it deserves !"
76561198017187348,Recommended,248610,12589361,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Sippe,Great game! No other words are needed. I've been playing since Early Access and the result is just fantastic!
76561198067774312,Recommended,248610,12600229,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,JonBax,"Although i am a Tactical fan, and my opinion might be baised, i still belive this is one of the best swat games ever to come out, and im looking forward to playing more of it( steam workshop + map editor= <3 ). I also im looking forward for the designers to implement coop(4 player pls). Anyway, i recommend this game warmly, and worth the price considering the amount of content it has and is eing generated. Cheers!"
,Recommended,248610,12619210,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Fat Boo Bear,the best top down real time tactical game currently available on steam.  it reminds me of the commando series and swat.   they're also working on a multiplayer feature.  highly recommended.
,Recommended,248610,12643055,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Ropey,This is a great game that I would really suggest buying if you are into these types of games. Takes a little to get the hang of it but I love all the different classes and customization in the game. You really can get into the game and can be very challenging in the later levels.CONS: The only thing that I'm not a big fan of is that it does get repetitive a little and there is no story line to the campaign.
76561197963621223,Recommended,248610,12723056,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,NeverShift McDouche,"It's awesome to see that a game really takes the tactics to a new level. Think of it like a more tactical version of X-com without the strategic elements.I would really recommend this to anyone that likes a challenging, tactical, experience."
,Recommended,248610,14361825,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Bucken,"It's a nice tactical game where you can either drop 5 hours at a time or just play a mission now and then for a few minutes.Set your gear, place your guys, draw up a tactical plan and engage!"
,Recommended,248610,21429073,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,misingleters,"Probably the best mobile game on steam, for what that's worth.Edit: Definitely not the best made-for-PC game on steam."
76561198130671160,Recommended,248610,10896758,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,CamdenBoats,"[beta] Fun game! I find that using actual tactics I have used in real life works in the game too, which is phenomenal considering the AI reactions to noises for distraction techniques and being able to strafe when necessary to pie a corner. Great job to the developers!"
,Recommended,248610,15281695,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,[CREB] Metalbird,Door Kickers got me a feel I last had playing SWAT 4. Tactical planning and constant reworking of your plans are essential to get through the missions successfully and without flaws. Great game that captivates for many hours! 10/10
,Recommended,248610,16428423,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Smashead86,"I've got a little more than an hour into this game, and I have to say, it is thrilling. It reminds me a lot of the old SWAT2 title, but far more approchable.If you're into puzzle games, where you can pause the action to try and compose yourself, and think about your next move, than this is for you. I belive this is my favorite part. I'll use my units to clear each room, one at a time, pausing to figure out the next steps.Does it always go to plan? Hell no, but i have a LOT of fun failing. I've had my eye on this game for a few months, and I really wish I picked it up sooner."
76561198073951361,Recommended,248610,17362203,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,La Maquina,"9/10 I enjoy these types of games where tactics are important, and planning is crucial. Great game."
76561198058256714,Recommended,248610,12600216,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,kminek,"This game is great, brings back the exact same kind of fun that I had playing Rainbow six: Rogue spear in pure planning mode. I am willing to pay a double, triple price for an Android tablet version! ;) Even limited in some way. Like, being able to do only the scheduled missions and leveling the team."
76561198053801995,Recommended,248610,13974410,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,tyrone.murphy71,"Amazing game, simple format with complex decision making. Great sense of achievement when everything goes right, with extreme levels of tension when you do Iron man mode and know that your loyal squad could get wiped out!"
,Recommended,248610,16586388,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,volarex,"Almost immediately after I’m spotted, the bad guys kill the hostage. I take a brief moment to unleash a string of curses and rack my brain. There must be another route I can take, another plan that would give this scenario a happy ending. I tinker with the map and reset, and soon I hear a meaty splat as the hostage gets killed again.Door Kickers is a game about cops kicking down doors, and these doors are a lot of fun to kick down. It is also very hard, and I love it for that. Played from a top-down, pausable view, this is the game that happens when Rainbow Six’s planning stage grows up and finds a home on a modern engine. It is also one of the most finely detailed, cleverly executed puzzle games I’ve played in years.Fog of warEach mission in Door Kickers starts with a deployment phase. Within this phase, I see the target house as a set of blueprints, atop which I can change shooters’ equipment and starting positions. As missions become more complex, the deployment phase becomes where I make some of my most important decisions. Door Kickers is a great tactical game because it is a great question generator:Are there narrow hallways? Will all firefights be up close? Are there hostages? Do I have sharpshooter support? Is there furniture? Is there evidence to save? Do the bad guys have bigger guns than me? Every piece of information changes the ideal approach and forces adaptation.After the deployment screen, the mission begins with time paused. From the paused overview, I drag paths for officers to follow, change the direction they’re covering, and order them to breach a door. This simple array of options becomes a complicated choreography of death pretty fast. In later missions, my eight officers follow a dance routine with hundreds of steps, pauses, shooting angles, and go-codes. Giving these orders is straightforward and malleable, but the interface is missing some important functions. If I give two units overlapping paths (walking single-file next to a wall, for example), I don’t have any way of selecting one trail over another when I want to edit it. To work around this, I have my units walk behind and to the side of each other, but that’s frequently a poor decision, tactics-wise. With eight officers in a narrow hallways, it also gets downright silly.Some of the other limitations of this system are simply built into the game engine: there’s no crouching or leaning, so the game’s combat takes place entirely on a two-dimensional plane with straight lines. It rarely feels as flat as it is, but there are occasions where I would love to stack a crouched unit under a standing unit, and these are the times when the game’s simulation feels most like a puzzle game and least like a camera looking down on a real-life SWAT situation."
76561198117355311,Recommended,248610,35167504,Posted: 23 September,all,Chesheire,"It fills a niche that is only relatively filled by the following associated games: XCOM, XCOM 2, and that one mobile game that was ported to PC. What this game is, is a mash between tactical and strategic strategy. What I mean by this is that the game hosts elements of both real time strategy and macro strategy, in which you plan out the breach and clear operation. During the stop-play-stop rhythym, it allows for minute or major changes into you operation, allowing for flexibility and adaptability to new information during your breach. Despite being a top down tactics game, it is frightfully fun and has a high skill ceiling... as long as you are playing for perfection. I whole-heartedly recommend this game for anyone looking for a tactical and strategic tactics game"
76561198073343236,Recommended,248610,31039586,Posted: 9 April,all,Mikey_irl,"Really great game, great concept, just....just tremendous.... 5 Tumps out of 5 from me.It's a 2D top-down CQB simulator in which you can pause/plan and step throughactions or just play in realtime at your choosing.Squad members level up with experience(if you keep them alive) and you earn stars after each mission which you canuse to upgrade your weapons and equipment.Honestly, really fun game to play, theres lots of missions/campaign typescomes with steam workshop and mission editor for custom missons sohours and hours of gameplay value, well worth the money.I particularly like the sniper missions, as they add an extra fun dimension to whackingbad guys."
,Recommended,248610,13511458,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,[L²:RP][F.I] Wesley,Overall game 10/10Bomb defusal training mission 0/10
76561198064633112,Recommended,248610,30490389,Posted: 13 March,all,花现敌银装甲切,希望能加入多人合作模式，玩到后期单人还是有点难we need co-op mode pleasei want to play with my friends
,Recommended,248610,16459638,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Anax of Rhodes,"Having spent time in the SEALs, Delta, SAS, GIGN, GNG, IDF, ROK-SOG, LOL, ROFLMAO, and the prestigious LGBTQQIA2+, I have thousands of hours of real-life experience kicking doors in the name of justice and equality.This is truly the most hardcore door-kicking experience a game can hope to emulate.10.1/10 Would jackboot again."
,Recommended,248610,7916323,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,otheepicj,great simulator / statagyneeds more attion10 out of 10
,Recommended,248610,13541681,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Krombopulous Michael,"First Impressions:I marched my men, single-file, into an enemy crossfire. Very satisfying."
,Recommended,248610,33168509,Posted: 2 July,all,Spirit,Incredibly fun and challenging game - definitely worth it!
76561197965046644,Recommended,248610,30393284,Posted: 8 March,all,DarkSnakeSoul,"Door kickers is a game about kicking doors and shoot up the place...no really it's pretty much that. The game has you planning and executing plans from a top down view in which you can setup your teams of Swat officers and plan their route to breach, bang and clear the mission. Want to deal with a room full of enemies watching the doors? Simple you can set your 2 teams of officers to each door and have them kick the door in or blow the door open, then flash and start shooting everyone dead. It feels wonderful.==========The Good==========1. Gameplay - Having this feeling of being a swat team commander or a tactical planner is rather fun but also difficult as you must plan every step to ensure the mission goes to plan. You have to adapt to the situation because if you don't you can get your team killed or a hostage. Lucky the game gives you many options to do your job, you can customize your officers giving them from aggressive equipment such as riot shields, grenades, breaching charges and your weapons of choice from SMG to shotguns. However you also can go in more passive using stun grenades, tasers or even take everyone out quietly with silencers to make it as if you were never there.It goes the same with planning the mission, you can plan every step, every choice such as blowing up a door, using flash or grenade or just kick doors. You can also set it where you can play the mission yourself having full control over each unit in real time or you can set everything up with waypoints and execution orders (they allow you to set up when to breach or move out or hold a location) and simply watch your plan come to life.2. Levels - I found the level designs rather fun and enjoyable. You have levels with multiple floors, some with windows in which sometimes you have a sniper element that can help take out targets for you. And on top of that you can use their ingame map editor to make your own crazy missions. There are also a lot of missions to play through and 3 stories to go through with the cool element of if you lose an officer...they stay dead...no replacement making it a bit more challenging.=======The 50/50=======1. Difficulty - There are times where missions can feel very difficult and needs the best plan or just luck to win. This can be annoying at times but overall it helps fuels the challenge of being a tactical planner. For example there are missions where you must save a hostage and disarm a bomb however if you plan the mission poorly you can end up having a hostage shot or the bomb going off before you reach it...making timing everything. So expect to re-work your plans over and over.======Overall======It's a fun police type tactical shooter for those wanting to either take control of each unit and do everything real time or be a planner and watch your plan go to work. There is again a lot of customization and maps to play to keep you busy and most of all a lot of enemies to deal with."
,Recommended,248610,28921134,Posted: 1 January,all,JFK WAS AFK,This is basically an Indie CSGO... that actually revolves around strategy and isn't full of toxic players.
,Recommended,248610,10176292,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,TheRealJuralumin,Do you like Rainbow Six? Do you like Hotline Miami? BUY THIS GAME!
76561197985226443,Recommended,248610,12391092,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Monster_Zero,Best $15 dollars I have spent this year.
,Recommended,248610,20101100,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Roobin13,"This game is legit awesome, lots of replayability i have played this game for a lot of hours and im still not done with everything, there is always more"
,Recommended,248610,9598247,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Matt,This game is fun! Sort of a top-down Rainbox Six tactics game. I look forward to seeing what they add between now and release. The game is already among my favorites in recent memory.
,Recommended,248610,14869562,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,flowermouth,The video game equivalent of daddy's cummies
,Recommended,248610,19711226,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,[CPC] Shep,Great game !
76561198021057668,Recommended,248610,13550535,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,wizzard,"While not a game for everyone, its the most pleasant surprise of the year. Tactical RTS at its finest. Short missions that can be played in a couple of minutes will have you hooked in for hours. Nice learning curve and lots of missions.Highly recomended if you enjoyed the Swat series.I hope they keep updating it with campaigns and equipment."
,Recommended,248610,27752272,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MLG_Teletubbie,A really cool little game
,Recommended,248610,27296245,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Geforce,"> starts new mission> groups up my police squad behind a locked door> right-clicks the door to choose a breaching method> tells a unit to ""kick door"", then tells another unit to ""throw flashbang""> the second unit throws the flashbang way too early, it bounces off the door, landing in the middle of my units> the first, now blinded unit finally breaks the door down> terrorists hiding behind the door mow down my entire squad10/10 ggwp"
,Recommended,248610,26322671,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Martini-Mil[PT],GET ON THE GROUND!!
,Recommended,248610,13519373,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Alcat101,"Perfect little game!A top-down game simulating what it's like looking at a SWAT squad breaking in and clearing rooms.Plan, Execute, Improvise10/10 It's never enough until you clear the last room, drop the last baddie, and break the last door (which will never happen, considering mod community, mission generator and editor...)Have fun!"
,Recommended,248610,23295300,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Noriko,Great game that actually came out of Early Access. No multiplayer so you don't have to worry about a dead game. Lot's of mods that improve and change your experience.
,Recommended,248610,15496398,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Basildoom HD,"This game is so fun to play. You're in charge of an elite squad and you have the option to play whatever way you like. You can stun, arrest, sniper, or go in guns blazing from all angles like a proper swat team and make mince meat out of your enemies.The game also has tonnes of mods. One of my favourite mods is the Rainbow Six sound mod. It brings me back to the end of the 90's / start of 00 when the Tom Clancy games were at their best. Such good memories of the Rainbow six days ""Open, Flash and clear on Zulu"" #Runs in backwards and kills the hostagesAlso the game plays like Hotline Miami, so if you liked that game you'll love this.I can't say much more. Buy this game and give it a review that it deserves!"
76561198047339801,Recommended,248610,23401254,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Techpriest,"Haven't played it in a while, but I honestly think I got a good experience for the price I payed."
76561198002245905,Recommended,248610,16800248,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,awh0423,"That went flawlessly until the last entry and I lost Jackson. Let's run that one again....Dangit. That time we lost Wolf, Reed and Smoke.  Run it again....Dangit. That time we lost Ghost, Murphy, Jackson, AND Wolf. C'mon guys.... Run it again. Let's tweak that flash bang and wait 'till Alpha to breach door number 3....Perfect run!I love that the enemy can be unpredictable and random, while also being predictable at times. Practice makes perfect, and I'm addicted!"
,Recommended,248610,29741273,Posted: 6 February,all,laz3dots,"This game is a lie : you'll not kick doors, it's too dangerous, blow them upn it's more effective....exept when the hostage is right behind it....sorry dude..."
,Recommended,248610,15466654,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,caseyc (VEGAN),"Just started, its a unique and interesting game.It has elements of Breach & Clear, Frozen Synapsis, Splinter Cell, even Monaco and MasterPlan, its worth getting into if you like any of them, strategy games.It has tons of missions to play and decent upgrades. 9/10"
76561197976543440,Recommended,248610,14411839,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Patches,"Such a simple idea and I LOVE it. It's worth every penny!I quickly get bored with most games... I keep waiting for this one to get old too, but I can't stop playing it.1. ""Just one more map, then I'll call it a night.""2. Play Map3. Goto 1.You've been warned."
76561198032595191,Recommended,248610,12738950,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Obliv,"very easy to learn as the controls are quite simple, but quite an in depth game thats highly addictive.one thing i really love about this game is that it takes about 3 seconds to load to the main menu, after which everything instantly loads the second you click it. that means i can load up and be straight into it within a very quick amount of time.drawing a path for your team to follow is quite fluid, if your wobbly on the mouse your teams path will be too.insert commands easily onto that path, so they will CLEAR !  a room before moving on, strafe a certain direction, or wait for a go code.use the single missions to level up your team, unlock better weapons, shields, armor, tools etc by earning stars. once something is unlocked its free to assign to any other team member.once your team is good enough you can start doing campaigns.theres virtually hundreds of maps to choose from, and a steam workshop to add even more gear and maps.unlock new squad types like assaulter, breacher, shield and improve them by earning doctrine points to spend on perks for each class.weapon type and loadout will have a big effect on how your team maneuvers, its fire rate, accuracy, stopping power or clip size.assaulting an airplane to save some hostages? maybe the pistols will allow you to maneuver around easier and change targets quicker to fire off a few well placed rounds rather than trying to use a clumsy shotgun or spray machine gun fire about.use a camera under the door to spot targets, blow open the door, flashbang, give the go signal with a ""go code"" to assault rooms full of terrorists from different doorways, save the hostages, disarm bombs, and taze the guy you have a warrant for.i give it 80/100 dead terrorists"
76561197968498656,Recommended,248610,13454604,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,prson,"Tactical shooting ""chess"" on the best."
76561198066268034,Recommended,248610,13520400,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Calvinic,"In my years of gaming, I have seen many great products come and go. Great products like Rainbow Six and SWAT as they made their mark in the gaming world. You tend to look back on those games and ask yourself this question. Does anyone still remember those days? How they helped pave the way for tactical strategy in games?When Door Kickers came along, the answer couldn't have been more clear. ""♥♥♥♥ yeah we remember!""What's good about the game:-The deep tactical planning, choose from a wide variety of weapons and equipment to plan your approach. (You can even change their names if you're into that sort of thing.) Use your troopers to their maxium potiental to get the job done and bring everyone home safe. Espically in Iron Man mode you will have to take your planning very seriously as every  trooper death only makes your job harder.-Open-ended planning, missions can be completed in several different ways. It will be up to you to determine what is the best course of action.-Random enemy placement. In most if not all cases, the odds will be stacked against you. You will face off against several tangos (bad guys) armed to the teeth and not knowing for sure of how many  are there or their location adds tenson to the action. Just because you have a plan figured out, doesn't mean things can't go wrong.-The ability to do two different playstyles. The first being a pause, plan, action playstyle. Before your troopers get into the thick of it, you can pause the game and develop a course of action for them. Tell who to go where, where to look, where to strafe, etc. Then watch it unfold when you switch it to real time. The second being what I call wing-it mode. You can play the entire mission in real time and make things up as you go. So players that aren't into the whole stop and think style aren't forced to play that way.-Numerous amount of missions and counting. There are several missions to be completed in this game, all of which have a lot of replayablity to them. Single missions, campagns, custom player-made missions, randomly generated missions. It feels practically endless to what can be done to have missions.  Furthermore, as of the time of this review, the developers are still adding missions, content, and improvements to the game.-Mod support. Something about the game you want to change up? Things like new weapons,gear,etc?Odds are there is a mod that fits the bill and there are quite a few to choose from.-The bits of comedic relief. Though this game has an overall serious tone, there are bits of humor thrown in that is quite amusing to lighten the mood a little when needed. It's not obnoxious or intrusive ethier, it's well timed and unexpected.  I'm not to going to spoil them as I'll leave them to be discovered yourself. ;)I honestly can't think of anything serious to complain about with Door Kickers. It's an overall well made and addicting tactical strategy game that is worthy of your money and time.  Even at full price, you get a lot for twenty dollars."
,Recommended,248610,13948546,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,full_metal_waifu,"Fantastic game, it's super addictive and oh so satisfying when you pull off a perfect breach from multiple angles. Great devs with good communication too, looking forward to seeing what they do in the future."
,Recommended,248610,14188041,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Algojo,"***I bought this game during the 2014 year-end Steam sale, and played when I got back to my uni before the finals week, most of the time off-line (>80% of my playtime) due to a massive flood disaster. So at the time this is written, I have played almost 100 hours offline, and only 13 hours with Steam online, which is why Steam only clocks me as have played only 13 hours.Oh and one more thing: I like writing, so my review is going to beREALLYlong.Now with that out of the way, I'm going to get to reviewing Door Kickers (DK).What is Door Kickers?You know what Rainbow Six (R6) is? If you don't, scroll down to the bottom of my review where I tell you a bit about R6. If you do, well, that's what DK is, except for three differences:DK is a top-down tactical shooter / R6 is an FPS tactical shooterDK is very easy and light to just pick up and play, whenever, wherever. Coffee break, lunch hour, taking a sh*t (if there will ever be a tablet version, which is very much possible if the dev bothers), doing your whatever thing with your laptop at Starbucks, etc.DK has you control a SWAT team with a considerably wide range of Law Enforcement Organization (LEO)-level gear / R6 has you control a bunch of hardened and specialized team of tacticool genius-level operator dudes and chicks bearing a very-wide range of military-grade toysThat's it. The rest, everything you remember from your fondest R6 days - choosing, equipping and leveling up your squads (with different classes), breach gadgets, planning your maneuvers, your button-hooks, wedges/pies, rescuing hostages, defusing bombs, capturing HVTs, retrieving intel/evidence, or straight-up delivering 'Merica to the bad guys - it's all there,AND THEN SOME:""Doctrine"" system - a set of RPG-like skill trees, each specializing in different weapons and engagement discipline.DK is constantly updated with new contents such as campaigns and maps by both the devs and the awesomely capable community.DK has loads of awesome mods in the workshop. ATM there are: an R6-themed sound overhaul, loads of new military-grade weapons and operator skins for those who want a change in atmosphere, and tons of custom maps designed by the community.DK lets you watch a replay of your mission, record it with a built-in recorder, and even choose a point from your replay, and re-do the mission from said point.LEVEL EDITOR - need I say more?So, with the basic features explained, what are the pros and cons?PROS:A mix of casual and hardcore: play how you want - easy-breezy, smash and shoot your way into the sh*t (which will most likely get your team or the hostage killed), OR take your time with recon (slow is smooth, smooth is fast), OR a mix of both (scout a bit, get in and improvise as necessary).Like R6, watching the result of your hardly-worked planning go down (especially when it goes right), like when your team is smoothly moving in, covering every angle, or when they smash in hard and fast and smack the bad guys who's having their thumbs up their behind, is simply indescribable.Config files are easy to manipulate, which lets you alter the in-game assets (weapons stats and attributes etc.) to your preference, also makes modding easierReplay featureConsiderable replayabilityAwesome community-made contentsDevs that DELIVARRRRSCONS:MIGHT get boring once you've aced all the maps and campaigns, and have run out of custom contents to play around with, but that's a given with any single-player games.Last I checked, the replay feature is still a little imperfect, where it sometimes ""desyncs"" and fail to play to the end.IMHO the breaching features can still be polished, in terms of set-pieces, such as a more snappy flash-entry or frag-entry.Not enough non-lethal options: so far there's only the taser-gun, but the workshop is quick to remedy this by offering a wide array of community-made non-lethal options (the super-painful-non-lethal-but-I-might-as-well-be-dead-if-I-get-shot-with-this bean bag rounds, rubber/silicone bullets, etc.)So, do you recommend it?Does the leader of a popular religion defecate in remote areas of the forest?11/10 as far am I'm concerned, and I'm not even kidding.What in the hell is R6?You see, most of you who are below 20 most probably haven't heard of the R6 series, apart from the Vegas installments which areNOTwhat R6 really is. R6 is a hardcore tactical shooter where you control a team of counter-terrorist squad during various tactically-demanding operations, be it recon, seek & destroy, search & rescue, and bomb defusal. The R6 initiative, a fictional covert counter-terrorist organization born from the mind of the great Tom Clancy (a great, great author, despite the heavy political bias in his novels), specializes in going where the regular LEO can't go or has been terribly outmatched, where a swift and precise tactical intervention is severely needed, and where the faintest of the slightest hint of NATO involvement will stir up some real sh*t, so even the most specialest and tacticoolest of operators can't go. Oh, wait, that last bit is Splinter Cell. Sorry.You see, at least as far as I understand from my various encounter with Hollywood pop-culture, there are a few levels of domestic LEO, which deals in different levels of criminal situations:Some drunk guy smacked his loud-mouthed wife about? You send out a dispatch so the local PD on his beat will go in and check it out.Convenience store in a stick-up? Local PD.A junkie with an illegal 9mm he got from Motherf*cker Jones is holding his neighbor for ransom because he can't afford his fix? You might wanna call the SWAT to back the local PD up, just in case it really gets out of hand.Local gang drinking party turned into a violent shootout because of a domestic disturbance warrant serve turned a little too serious? A homosexual man and his totally straight crew decides to rob a sleepy bank, but it turned into a messy hostage situation? Definitely call in the SWAT,ANDthe FBI HRT.A maniacal cartel kingpin from across the border decides that the Narc, ATF and/or Feds have been too nosy and destroyed too much of their business decides to send a hit squad and shoot up a local PD HQ? An extremist militant cell rounded up and locked in a huge bunch of civs in a big library and set-off a timed dirty bomb in it? The UN conference was smashed in and every world leader is held hostage with demands of the US to hand over all their nukes?THESE, you call in the R6. Except for the last part with the UN? Yeah that's definitely Ghost Recon turf."
76561198025458891,Recommended,248610,13466197,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,kaikelx,"GREAT game that was well worth the price (woo holiday sale!)Planning out your unit's movements and facings is surprisingly intuitive, and the go-code mechanic helps keep your guys coordinated. Your units feel competently trained but not godlike, and the enemies are challenging without being frustrating. Pretty much every time one of my units dies, it's immediately apparent it's because I forgot to plan for some variable/check that corner/messed up my pathing/some other personal error rather than my units not shooting straight.Each officer can be customized with different class, weapons, support options, armor, and a tool, and each choice feels meaningful. For example, if I want the officer to stay in the back of an open area and provide cover, I'll make him an assault and give him a carbine for range and stopping power and heavy armor since he won't have to move as much. If I want to run the same officer through a drug bust, I'll change him to a pointman (stealth once I've unlocked it), give him a silenced pistol and light armor so he can quickly and quietly run through the hideout and secure the evidence before it's destroyed.The game almost feels puzzle like, in that it encourages players to find the optimum route through each map to guarantee success no matter enemy placement (something the game tests by mixing up where the enemies are on each map) with a well though out plan, rather than simply winging it on the fly (although that is possible, especially if you want to make effective use of the spy cam). Notably, the player is rewarded on some maps for executing the perfect plan by planning everything once, then hitting go and doing nothing but watch the action. It maintains a good balance in difficulty as well. The game rarely feels too easy, but it also rarely feels frustrating or overwhelming in difficulty.Progression is surprisngly well thought out, starting players on a simple kill house with a handful of badguys and a pair of officers, cutting their teeth in before introducing door entry, different classes, hostage rescue, and arresting/escorting mechanics.I haven't messed with the ingame editor yet, but its very presence almost guarantees near infinite replayability. Currently, there is a wide selection of challenging single missions, and four campaigns (a string of 5 or 6 missions), with a 5th having a confirmed release date and more being promised."
,Recommended,248610,12593020,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,The Happiest Banana,yes
,Recommended,248610,12633508,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Sunny,"Awesome Top-Down ""Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six: Siege""!Tactics, campaigns, single missions, downloadable missions, ingame editor, cards, achievements, Steam Workshop... you still here? BUY IT NOW!"
,Recommended,248610,12733867,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,M!L!StR0Ke*,"this game reminds me both swat 2 and rainbow six which you can lead your team members, make plans and manage your gear.I'm playing it piece by piece in order not to finish it quickly, because it is so much fun!"
,Recommended,248610,27010680,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,weedan,"S.W.A.T. meets the original Rainbow Six planning interface with a plethora of missions, agents, weapons and achievements to keep the hungriest tactical fanatic engaged.  This game surprised me in how well it captures tactical close quarters combat in urban environments with such a simple yet effective presentation / UI.  The graphics are detailed and communicate a sense of realism without trying to be photorealistic.But where the game really shines is in the depth of strategy that is involved in developing a plan and executing it with flawless precision.  The only thing that gives that a run for its money is when things go horribly wrong and you still manage to salvage the mission through quick thinking, dumb blind luck and grit.  Rarely do you feel like you ""got away"" with something due to A.I. glitches which further elevates the feeling of success when you pull of a great plan.If you like strategy games do yourself a favour and give this one a go."
,Recommended,248610,12698674,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,stanok911,"Great indie tactical action game from top perspective with lots of challenging missions, various equipment to use and few character classes to choose from and to gradually level up."
,Recommended,248610,13491164,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,TurbulenceKing,"I was pretty surprised to find myself playing this game non-stop for 3 hours when I first bought it which was like yesterday, very fun, it's basically SWAT except instead of it being in first person it's overhead and you control and dicate the actions and movements of each Swat member, I really like the customization and the different choices of entry, the tools are fun to use and seeing your detailed plan work at the end is a nice feeling.10/10 will flashbang again."
76561198030774992,Recommended,248610,13501835,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,duckdog,Fun and addicting! Pefect game for me right now as a busy father. I can play this for a  30min and get a good game or two in. I can also pause it and walk away from it without the worry of abonding my team in RTS like the wargame series. I love the stargetc depth and almost infinte replay value.
,Recommended,248610,13510760,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,kai.pope,"Incredible entertainment for the tactically minded. Precision, execution, excellence. Simple and fun."
76561197968331161,Recommended,248610,17053728,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Danger,Fun to play
,Recommended,248610,23734250,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,SzalonyKurczak,Great tactics game. Waiting for Door Kickers 2!
,Recommended,248610,33487933,Posted: 12 July,all,iamk41,"I saw a door, and I kicked it-10/10"
76561198103082240,Recommended,248610,19758570,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,【HAN】falcofyc,"Awsome game, will be perfect if add on mutiplayer mode"
76561198002308303,Recommended,248610,34911553,Posted: 12 September,all,.:LEGEND:. GreenArr0w,"This game is freaking amazing, if you dont already own it buy it.This is a really really cool tactical game with a unlimited replayability,The sound is very good, a lots of details when it come to customize your units. A lots of different situation and they really have upgrade the game in many aspect, if you enjoy tactical game you will enjoy this one without any doubt!10/10 !"
76561198059582025,Recommended,248610,29551751,Posted: 28 January,all,Bloempje,I love it when a plan comes together.
76561198009305108,Recommended,248610,12603368,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Faravahar1200,Wow just wow this game it is so cool I am so happy I bought this game developers of this game did an amazing job to bring a swat gaming expereince for players I feel like a true police officer when I play this game :] ten out of ten
,Recommended,248610,12640298,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,BaggedByPepe,Good stuff.
76561198018646942,Recommended,248610,29060739,Posted: 6 January,all,Pulgoso,"PROS:Huge amount of doors you can kick.Also, you can kill many door owners who doesn't want their doors being kicked.CONS:There are doors that can't be kicked. Developers should focus in that issue as soon as possible.Why every door owner is a NRA member? That's confusing for non american players and it's not explained by the game plot.SUMMARY:If you like kicking furniture to splinters and get into hard troubles with violent landlords, this game is highly recommended.Don't buy It if you have too much carpentry sensibility. Furniture explicitly suffers in this game."
,Recommended,248610,16606911,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Kryn,"During a 50% off sale, the dev Vulpe told me this game was worth more than £7, and that it was the cheapest it was going to be. I quote him directly: ""The game will not be discounted lower than 50%"". I like to think of myself as a generous man, but his comment on the price not going any lower only brought out my love and desire to take on a challenge. The waiting game began. Months and months passed, and the summer sale had begun. I see Door Kickers with a 60% off tag, but my excitement is contained. Not even a grin or smirk is shown. I wasn't going to give in this easily. It's 3 minutes until the new daily and flash sales begin. I refresh the Steam store at 6PM on the dot. I browse the deals, and to my disappointment, Door Kickers has not been discounted further. A week passes and the 60% is still there.  Not a single daily or flash has contained this game. My mind is filled with Vulpe's manic laughter, I hallucinate him & Gabe knocking at my door. I have nightmares where they tear my wallet from my pants and spend all my money gifting Door Kickers to people I'm not even friends with. I want to take the plunge, but my instinct tells me it isn't over yet. I've been sitting at my computer for 4 days straight now. Just waiting for new sales, refreshing over and over. I haven't slept. I haven't eaten. It's 6AM. I refresh the store for the morning flash sale. There it is. Door Kickers, 75% off. I sit in silence at first. I feel relief, and I feel pain. A tear falls down my cheek, and I click add to cart. I pay £3.75 and the game is mine. I sit back in my chair as the game installs, and laugh like I've lost my mind. I did it, I thought to myself. I persevered and reaped the rewards.I'm 3 hours into the game, and I start crying. Vulpe, you were right; I can confirm this game is worth more than £7. Thank you for this emotional journey. Well played, Vulpe. Well played."
,Recommended,248610,29217545,Posted: 12 January,all,Peach Juice,TANGO DOWN
,Recommended,248610,20099695,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Azzarrel,"I bought doorkickers for 50% off and finished the whole game in 47 hours, tried some mods and had a all-in-all very enjoyable game-expierience.I bought this game, because I wanted to find a game, which was similar to the good old SWAT4 (Control a SWAT team, save hostages, defuse bombs) and even thou there are many differences (well, doorkickers is a top-down-RTS game, while SWAT4 was a egoshooter), I really enjoyed having 4 human-controlled-teammember, who don't waste their entire time shooting themselfes with pepperguns on the spawn.9/10 this game needs pepperguns."
76561198312738645,Recommended,248610,23920267,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Phoon,Ein gutes spiel
,Recommended,248610,13487072,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Dr Whistler,You can restart a mission as many times as you like and the bad guys will be positioned and move around randomly each time. Has yet to become frustrating and you are only limited by your own imagination as to which tactics to use for accomplishing your objectives.
,Recommended,248610,10519961,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,awfuck,"Its definetly not a triple A game, but its kind of a good game. I still prefer my favorite version of military strategy games, Breach n Clear."
,Recommended,248610,28366990,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,TwiceNiceRicey,"Poor mans Rainbow 6 Siege, but perhaps better. Not Gick."
,Recommended,248610,20165324,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Lune Eclipse,"Kick down the door wait for alpha, alpha called, hostile down, flashbang, cleaned room, saving hostage, mission complete. Good job we are done here."
,Recommended,248610,16933703,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Nacho,"""Time to say goodbye!""*slow-motion begins*NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO""Hostage down!""This game will make this experience the bane of your life."
,Recommended,248610,9925730,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,lowlifeR,like skyrim with guns
,Recommended,248610,28264621,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Старый Шофер,Go taticool~
,Recommended,248610,11654309,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Gangze,This game is truly fun to play and ive enjoyed it quite a bit
,Recommended,248610,15603209,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Sha|)ini0,"This is an enjoyable yet highly frustrating game mired by conflicting design decisions and implementation as well as a suspect UI and control scheme that has clearly not been created for PC.7.0/10 as of 29/4/2015 (14 hours of gameplay)On the positive side, it's a lot of fun at the basic level and replaying single levels over and over again is very rewarding using different tactics and weapons. Attempting to complete levels using a single trooper or one complete plan is even more engaging and rewarding.The game fails when you start unlocking further upgrades/weapons/setups and attempt some of the more complicated levels. This is where you need some intricate planning and split-second decisions and reactions count. And this is where the poor UI fails and where the design flaws start to actually matter.Some of the really annoying issues include:-inability to sync moves beyond the A B C D go-codes. Frozen Synapse does a WAY better job at that.-you can't change a trooper's angle of view and swap weapons/reload in the same move. One action will cancel the other so either you have to unpause, execute the 1st action, pause, and queue up the 2nd one, or you have to create a redundant move point in order to queue up your 2nd action. You should be able to queue up 2 such basic actions simultaneously.-you can't edit or move any waypoints in the middle of a chain. Everything after the point of edit is deleted and on those long complicated levels this is SUCH a waste of time!-in some levels, the game forces your troopers into very small quarters and trying to select them and order them around becomes a nightmare. There's no SELECT ALL feature so trying to get your troopers onto the 2nd floor is very annoying. Also the way the game selects which troopers are moved between floors seems pure random. I've failed so many missions because I kept switching between floors trying to get everyone in one place and end up being flanked and killed during the time I've wasted.-I've no idea how this game expects you to play it in real-time mode with such bugs and weird control scheme. Some keyboard hotkeys would be nice.I'm still recommending it because I've got my fair share of fun for the price I've paid; I got the game on sale for 50%. Until this game becomes more PC friendly, I wouldn't recommend getting it at full price. The ability to mod and create/share your own content is awesome but I really need tight gameplay and proper user-feedback to enjoy this game the way the developers intended me to."
,Recommended,248610,13504060,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Angel M,So satisfying when you execute a perfectly planned and flawless mission.
,Recommended,248610,7764495,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,❖Dalton,Loved It.
76561197996269801,Recommended,248610,9609428,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,zynder,SWAT2 meets early Rainbow Six series
,Recommended,248610,23804657,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Natte kletskat,is wel goed bois
,Recommended,248610,32867593,Posted: 27 June,all,Sallzz,great game!
,Recommended,248610,13783574,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Nemr,Very nice game
,Recommended,248610,13652276,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Trivvy™,"Kick doors, and then learn how to open them.Best SWAT game since SWAT 4."
,Recommended,248610,24000069,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Skyzz,You have no♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ pider putin on your team !10/10 would kill other terro with no♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ pider putin in my team
,Recommended,248610,19934770,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,[FCDI] Beast,"Rainbow Six Siege, but top down. It's real good!Multiplayer would be a cool addition, but it is very cool! I thought that I would burn out on it quite quickly, but I just kept playing! It's good!And the vibrant modding comunity is great! Weapon mods, maps, new campaigns and complete reskins are all available."
76561198118580574,Recommended,248610,28289395,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Lancelot,Awesome!
76561198101118534,Recommended,248610,29130574,Posted: 8 January,all,Radical Communism,EKIA IN THE AO!!
76561198013487312,Recommended,248610,28246937,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Aldrodamus666,"Got this on Steam sale, played 12 hours straight of it. 10/10"
,Recommended,248610,19096685,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Jmh1000,"Pretty good, not the greatest, but good"
,Recommended,248610,24923734,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Willowridge,Stress Tester.
76561197995328858,Recommended,248610,16667107,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Kragge,"Excellent tactics game where you can pause to issue orders and watch them unfold on real-time. Good variety of weapons, map generator and level editor extends replayability.The engine suffers from some limitatios but this is the first game by Killhose Games. Looking forward to a sequel or implentation of the design on another setting. Others developers should look closely at this game, would give anything to see this combat implemented to let´s say Jagged Alliance.Overall outstanding indie game, lacks a litte flavor but the combat design more than make up for it."
,Recommended,248610,29141688,Posted: 9 January,all,Adventurous Imperialist,"Good game, a lot of fun for so little money. I am 7 hours in an still haven't 100%'d the game."
76561198121815763,Recommended,248610,29153393,Posted: 9 January,all,WoodStalk,"Great game, it's insanely flexible to let you do whatever you feel will get the job done."
,Recommended,248610,29190574,Posted: 11 January,all,KaSsO,I absolutely love this game. I did enjoy every minute of it.
,Recommended,248610,18066403,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,El_Buhdai,"Very tactical and strategical game. If you like things like Rainbow Six, you may find this appealing too."
76561198080692355,Recommended,248610,16480586,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,CHEEKI BREEKI,It's a game where you deliver pizza.
,Recommended,248610,12629569,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,darkduck,Best tactic 2d-shooter ever.
,Recommended,248610,12037359,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,GasMask,Very good tactical game. The interface and gameplay are way better than Frozen Synapse. It also reminds me the old SWAT 2.
,Recommended,248610,24177967,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Reyja 187,I guess you could say that it's pretty...TactiCOOLahahahahkill me.
,Recommended,248610,12614424,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Senko.,"Rainbow Six + Frozen Synapseget this game, become THE LAW and kick down some doors."
76561198071834999,Recommended,248610,13993665,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Sgt_Jono,remember boys CREW EXPENDABLES!
,Recommended,248610,28353816,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Shawked,"Great game, just got bored REALLY fast xD"
,Recommended,248610,23599219,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,-有聊槍神-(A Freaking Guy),"Door kicker is just like the more tactical version of the old game named ""SWAT4""(go play it if you like this type of game)Door kicker is the game that allows you to use many different ways to ""kick doors"". Multiple roles and gears vary the style of your door kicking.I will rate this game 9 out of 10.The only 1 point that ""Door kicker"" misses is that campign is too damn hard. Just go try it, you will feel the pain."
,Recommended,248610,22900544,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Mauro,"Steep learning curve, but it's worth it."
,Recommended,248610,19395178,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Lord Bailey,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=koUCzv58WMQ
76561198133929555,Recommended,248610,27702521,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tier_1_Commando,Was playing this game when a S.W.A.T team showed up to my house. I went outside to ask them whats going on and they didn't seem happy. Im writing this review in the back of a cop car. When i was being taken away i saw a cop playing the game on my computer. At least more people like it4.83/5 Would be arrested again
76561197997768640,Recommended,248610,28100918,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,CUBA LIBRE,Отличная зубодробильная тактика. При этом быстрая. Мне зашло на отличненько.
76561198073391693,Recommended,248610,27768480,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Donald John Trump,"Great fun, for a great price, especially on sale. Watch in rage or satisfaction as the plan to clear a mansion that you spent 30 minutes on either gets you killed in seconds or executes perfectly. Plenty of mod support too.I don't really have problems with the game (again, that price tag doesn't leave much room for nitpicks) but I wish there was more realism in weapon stats, more abilities when around doors, cover, enemies, hostages, etc, and prettier/more stylized graphics."
,Recommended,248610,20438333,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Mə(r)hjuːmən,one of the best game i have ever played
76561198077969298,Recommended,248610,24805922,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Zot104,"I love this game already, and I'm not even done.One day, I found this game. It looked interesting, so I put it on my wishlist, and bought it 50% off later.My money was not wasted, I'll tell ya that.I always have been a fan of tactics. I've played RTSs like Age of Empires and Dawn of War. However, nothing I have played comes close to this game. Y'see, this game means it when it says you make the tactics. The whole thing is controlled by you. The only limitations is how many doors you have to kick. In some missions, you can get multiple deployment zones and entry points and so on... you know what? I think i'll make an example.One mission takes place in a pleasant little cove beside the ocean. My job is to go in, kill the bad guys, and arrest some dude. The game let me position my team where I wanted. Some came in the front, some in the sides, heck, I was even able to deploy one guy coming in off of the beach. Any door there was into the house, I could take it. That's one of the thing I like; there's not one way of entry. If one way works, try again another way in. Another thing to mention was just the level design in that they were kinda realistic missions. A bank robbery, a drug raid on a house in the middle of nowhere, a hostage situation in an embassy... these were all missions I did. The situation and level design made it feel like this was something that could actually happen.The next big thing was the character customization of your team. It wasn't just expendable idiot numbers 1-10. It was different people. As well as their loadouts, you could change their picture and names. I soon had a team named after me and some of my friends. Also, they had randomly generated stats. Each person had things they were good at. This person is a great shot, this one can defuse a bomb quick, this one reacts quick... Once again, they weren't just a group of idiots with guns, they were actually different and unique. Then after that, there's 5 different classes you can take, all with special weapons. Stealth (my favorite, as they don't alert every bad guy this side of the equator you're here) take silenced weapons, Assaulters use rifles and SMGs, Shields, well, carry shields, Breachers are shotgunners, and finally, pointmen are cowboys. They all have very different play styles, so this adds in another factor of you asking yourself, ""Hmm... what guns should I shoot people with today?""Now, there are some downsides to this game. First of all, if you don't like tactics, waiting, and thinking, this isn't your game my friend. I know of another game that might be more your pace. It's called Call of Duty. Look it up. Second, this game can sometimes be just INFURIATING. I'm a bit of a perfectionist, so when I do missions, I wanna get all the points, which includes no casualties. That can be very difficult. The odds are often against you. You might have forgot one dude, one corner, one tiny bit of area, and sometimes, that can lead to a mission restart.  Some missions are nigh impossible to do. And then there's everyone's favorite, HOSTAGE SITUATIONS. If one of those guys so much as hears you, they'll shoot a hostage. One hostage dies, and you have to stay completely over. One single innocent down, and it's back to the drawing board. So, this game can be just extremely hard, but I will say this; it feels so rewarding to finally see that ""Mission Complete"" screen at the end. This is a game that will make you work, but when you get your reward, it is amazing, because you know you earned it.All in all, I love this game. I haven't played for very long, but I have a lot more to do, including 4 campaigns. That's right, this game has campaigns. I didn't cover everything, but I covered what I think is most important. Now shouldya buy this game, or go waste you money on things like beer, hookers, and collage? Well, I dunno at the full $20, but if there is another sale when it drops to $10, I'd definitely recommend picking it up. It's a fun game and there's a lot of replayability in it. so, kick doors, down tangos, and rage over hostages being executioned because Larry in the back tripped over a twig.And that concludes that. Now go home and read a book or summtin'."
76561198028869505,Recommended,248610,7766854,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,An1mal,Best tactical game ever played !
,Recommended,248610,26162421,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Jeb Bush,Great game but wont work for OBS
76561198071370130,Recommended,248610,12587744,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,go84,awesome
,Recommended,248610,12651558,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,BRAZY,"This is more a puzzle game then an indie SWAT game, but there's still a ton of content and fun to be had."
,Recommended,248610,16748390,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,.TheRealSiri ツ,"Great game, amazingly tactical, and you really need to plan ahead."
76561198077578497,Recommended,248610,16768767,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,auldae,Love this game. It's just ideal for PC. Lack of WASD map movement capability really bums me out though. Tango down.
76561198070542215,Recommended,248610,16881288,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Flying Hedgehog,"This is a game about door kicking. You get to kick a lot of doors, under many different circumstances. You have a squad of door kickers who somehow get better at other things, but not so much at door kicking.Usually there are people on the other side of the doors you kicked. They don't like you and shoot at you. I can only presume they are upset because they would have liked to kick the doors themselves. You can buy better weapons and armor to deal with these unpleasant interruptions better so you can get back to door kicking.Some doors can't be kicked right away. You have to do things to them first. Basically, they're playing hard to get. But they want to get kicked, and you'll kick them eventually. You know they like it."
,Recommended,248610,35169868,Posted: 23 September,all,5yearoldrexrex1 .:13:.,Awesome
,Recommended,248610,8228352,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,le not-good baseball bat man™,It's a perfect opportunity for all of you budding strategists to kickass.
76561198006617124,Recommended,248610,15468515,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Jaswolf,Tacticalicious and a ton of fun !
76561198015444411,Recommended,248610,13667276,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,cohthq,"This is without doubt one of the best tactical games I've played in a long time. This is the kind of game that the PC was made for and thrives on. It reminds me of a perticular title I played way back when on the Amiga, called Eagles Nest, which was fantastic fun and was also top down. We older players appreciate this kind of game where thinking is a little more important than blasting, and when on the odd occasion I do get to play, its good to play a game like this. This game has made Christmas this year in particular very enjoyable and I can't rate it highly enough. If you like tactics and a game you can jump right into, and is not too taxing this is it."
76561198101909454,Recommended,248610,13948471,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,BULLET-2DA-BRAINPAN,"This is video gaming at its finest! Not only has this game satisfied my thirst for tactics, but the development team restored my lost faith in early access  games by excellent service after the sale, and an obvious passion for thier medium. I haven't played a game this rewarding in a long time.  Wanna ""slice the pie?"" Give Door Kickers a try!"
,Recommended,248610,10395645,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,d/\sche,"This game is absolutely fantastic. It is really engaging, features character customization and REALLY makes you think about your next move.It is very fluid and the controls are well made and simple to use, featuring real time strategy.Despite it being Early Access, this game feels very clean and finished.You have to clear rooms and save hostages, take out all the enemies and defuse bombs.The one and ONLY gripe I have is just the way the room clearing works. The game ends when you have killed all terrorists, even if you haven't cleared the other rooms. Personally, this slightly ruins the immersion for me and it would be great if the developers could fix this.Brilliant game and well worth the price. 9/10 :)"
,Recommended,248610,12587852,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Spyder,"Do you enjoy a challenge that plays fair? Do you enjoy learning from your mistakes to improve? Do you enjoy kicking doors? If you said yes to any of these then you should stop reading this review and buy this game right now.It has a huge amount of content. It has a huge amount of replayability. It has a huge amount of freedom. It has a huge amount of items. It has a huge amount of customization. It has a huge potential for modding, with workshop support.It has a huge place in my favourite games of all time list.I told you to stop reading this review and go buy it."
,Recommended,248610,12752962,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,%rip,"Wanted to log at least 10 hours into the game before I wrote anything about it.Now I have, so here it goes.This game. Is ♥♥♥♥ing. great.I'm the type of person who enjoys tactical games. From strategy games (Company of Heroes) to tactical shooters (Arma series, CS:GO, anything involving tactics) to turn based tactic games (Arma Tactics, other misc mobile-esque games of the such) This game fits the bill perfectly for a tactical experience. It's fast paced enough to keep tensions high, and the ability to pause and issue orders lets you think before you act. Unfortuantely, I was raised in the Post-SWAT games era, so I've not had a chance to play SWAT 4 (anyone want to sell me their copy? Kidding of course); but this game comes about as close to the experience as I think I'm going to get. I'm well on my way to 20 hours, and the way I approach video games is, if I can get a 1$/1Hour of entertainment ratio, it was money well spent, and that is certainly going to happen with this game."
,Recommended,248610,13509217,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Protector,"Absolutely amazing game! It will hook you up to the screen. You will be thinking about your next move sometimes for several minutes. Design and music are top notch! Must play if you like tactics/action/shooting/police.Pros:- Awesome gameplay- Cool design- MusicCons:- Only one - short ""How to"" guide and no explanation that you can level each member of your group"
76561198067346451,Recommended,248610,13512808,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,mickhan,"Do you like a tactical shooter? That requires you to think, plan, and rapidly respond to situations? If not, then you might as well leave. If you try to run and gun your entire squad will die in no less than 5-10 seconds (I wish I was joking), This game is brutal, but it is so rewarding when you win without losing  a single squad member, and it's a helluva lotta fun getting there.Bottom line is that this game is incredible, but it depends on what type of game you like. If you're the Call of Duty, run and gun player this game isn't for you. If you're the Arma II, tactical shooter who likes stratgey, this game is a must buy. it's so much fun and best of all, it's constantly being updated! Honestly, get this game!"
,Recommended,248610,13657218,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Neuronwake,"Bought this game quite recently, but already I love it. It's a great overhead 2D game where you control a SWAT team and have to command them tactically through hostile situations. Here's a quick overview:PROS(+++) Mission Variety -- There are many types of missions: there are ""clear all hostiles"" missions, hostage rescues, domb defusal, arrests, friendly escorts, and even a mode where you must collect evidence before criminals destory it. The game has plenty of ""official missions"", which are pre-rendered maps with variations of these missions; you can play these many times to improve your results and earn medals. It also has campaigns, which make the injuries and deaths on your squad have permanence and require you to safely lead your men through each mission. Most importantly, however, is the random mission generator, which picks maps at random and assigns varying scenarios and missions, or genreates maps for you to clear; this is especially fun when you set the genration options to random and aren't sure what you'll get in terms of enemy strength. Finally, there is a map editor and the ability to download other people's maps, and with the devs themselves adding new missions and campaigns as the game goes on, the challenges won't likely run out anytime soon.(++) Squad Scaling -- Throwing a little RPG into the mix, the game provides you with experience -- both for each trooper and the squad as a whole -- after each mission. These can be used to unlock skills for the whole squad, and each trooper will increase their own stats as you use them. You also unlock more weapons and equipment as you earn stars for completing missions quickly and without losing men, and its fun to level and gear up as you beat more and more missions, making armored or armed enemeies easier to handle.(++) Enjoyable gameplay -- The enemy varieties and randomness in each mission gives each scenario a freshness, and requires you to keep thinking through encounters instead of just doing the same thing over and over (although the restart button is there when you need it). It's a great experience if you've ever wanted to command a SWAT team and hear them shout ""Clear! Clear!"" as they systematically put bullets into hostiles.CONS(-) Controls/Interface -- Once you get used to them, the path-drawing/command-giving controls are fairly intuitive and work 90% of the time. However, as I've found with a few top-down tactics games, you don't always get the full level of control you'd want when working with your men. In certain cases, such as when two trooper's paths overlap or giving orders that stack commands on door opening, you'll misclick and put your shotgunner in front of your riot shielder or send a man through a door backwards. There are a few things the interface could do to alleviate this (such as perhaps showing unit paths one at a time, or giving a little more control over what order door opening actions are performed in) but overall it is a minor problem that usually causes little trouble once you know what to watch for.(-) Squad Scaling -- I know this was under PROS as well, but I found that my squad was fully trained and upgraded with the gear I wanted after only a few hours of gameplay. The rest of the upgrades, then, just felt like I was unlocking gear for the sake of using up my XP or stars, and now, though I still enjoy the missions, I've run out of things to unlock. Perhaps adding more unlockables or more squad skill trees would help keep advancement fresh as the game is played longer, though the focus of this game is on individual tactical missions and not squad progression.OVERALLIf you ever dreamed of virtually barking tactical decisions over radio to a SWAT team engaging hostiles, get this game. Hours of fun for sure."
,Recommended,248610,21789992,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Raied,"The store page description said it clear:Real Time with Free PauseNo turns, no hexes, no action points or awkward interfacesRealistic but action packedThose points made me buy the game, and I was never disappointed. Door Kickers is best SWAT type tactical strategy you will ever play.The game offers many customization for your squad, many type of weapons and tools to choose from.There are tons of missions and campaigns, with ability to build your own mission and share it on steamwrokshop.The main things that made me really enjoy this game is the planning, the more you plan and make sure you use the right tools in right position the more of chance you will pass the mission, the beautiful thing that once you hit the unpause button you will see how your orchestrated plan going, and if it works as you plan and succeed, you will feel the satisfaction in such way that you will never feel it in any other similar game.The game use simple 2D graphics, but with many details to reload and recoil of each weapon.I totally recommend this game for any tactical games fans, it is great value of money."
,Recommended,248610,8410804,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Kastuś,10 out of 10!
,Recommended,248610,11881853,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,lightbringer,everything is so good you have to buy it
76561198093416241,Not Recommended,248610,35402706,Posted: 1 October,all,shagali1,"ITS NOT WORKING, it goes  to the start screen after that it keep getting crash.....Need help, any suggestion since i paid for the game"
,Recommended,248610,16974594,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,E-Shark,Breach room.SHot in the face.10/10 would get shot again.
76561197980299044,Not Recommended,248610,13454944,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,!_UnSeEn_!,"NOTE: This review was last updated on 19 Dec, 2014 @ 4:49pm. Things I talked about may now be irrelevant. I will update this review in the near future as I have stopped progressively playing Doorkickers.As much as want to enjoy Door Kickers, as I am a big fan of Tactic RTS's , this one has given me the most frustation yet, and not in a good, challenging way either. Although my hours spent on this game at the time of this review is few, the movement mechanics have already hindered a positive impression from me. Often times, the fault in my plans is not in my ability, but in the broken mechanics of the game.When things work out and bugs such as shooting at the wall because the target is to my characters adjacent isn't a problem, the game is fun. Watching my team swiftly move in and clearing the area under a designated time feel rewarding and I can see what the dev's envision. But, having a constant struggle with things like redoing my carefully laid out plan because adding a step would somehow erase the previous ones, or, being unable to peak around the corner of a doorway because the action menu of breaching methods block my cursor from selecting my move node, breaks the experience for me.Among all my concerns however, the two big annoyances are when my team disregards the assigned command call (ex. Alpha, Bravo), and moves in on their own, and, when the units move before clearing a newly breached room. The work around for for the first issue is to redo my whole plan which, as mentioned before, is a chore that takes away from the fun.Although my review has mostly been negative, this is not a bad game at all. In fact, I would recommend you to give it as try as this review is soley based on my own critique. You may overlook these minor flaws and thoroughly enjoy this game. But for me, these minor issues were little details that became a major hassle as I played on."
76561198005971335,Not Recommended,248610,31885818,Posted: 21 May,all,Axelrad,"If you want a realistic tactics game in the vein of a top-down Rainbow Six or SWAT 4, as many people seem to compare this to, I'd pass and get Frozen Synapse instead - it lacks the realistic veneer, but has much more meat to it. And even though Door Kickers has the appearance of realism, it's actually a grindy mobile-style game that I found to be a casual diversion more than anything, only worth the time if you can get it cheap. Not only was it disappointing, but I surprisingly found Breach & Clear to be the more entertaining ""casual tactics"" game.There's a lot of nice stuff here that makes it look like a top-down SWAT 5 at first glance - go codes (a huge deal!), micromanagement of inventory & team assignments, permadeath campaigns, a veneer of realism. But it's all ultimately let down by a massive heap of grind, a lack of authenticity, and a complete and utter lack of any story/narrative element.The grind is the biggest and most pervasive problem. The game starts you out with only the absolute barebones of classes and gear available, and everything else is locked behind time-gates, requiring you to dump hours of play into the game before you even have all the basic classes available and can start to think about preparing complicated entry strategies. At first I approvingly thought this was just a tutorial bit, easing the player into the game one class at a time, but Door Kickers just keeps doing it, making you really grind to get all the classes. Eventually the levels become gated by unrealistically overpowered enemies, requiring you to go back and grind up more until you have all the best weapons and armors and whatnot. Your officers also gain XP the more you use them, so just grinding up the same team in the same mission over and over and over makes them way more effective in combat. When you consider roster space, you basically have to do this twice in order to have a fully-leveled roster, and from what I've seen from other players, this is pretty much required for the ""end-game"" campaigns if you want your your officers to compete with the enemy AI in anything (I certainly didn't stick with the game long enough to get that far.)My other two points are very connected. Even though Door Kickers is presented as and often hailed as an ""authentic"" tactics game, it's basically just a casual puzzle game with SWAT graphics, more akin to Angry Birds than SWAT 2. This doesn't make it a bad game per say, but it just doesn't hold water when compared to games that present actual tactical problems and solutions. Enemies and missions are far from authentic, and even though you're supposed to be playing a SWAT team, every mission boils down to a terrorist hunt challenge. Every enemy is always killed, no situation is ever complicated, and the only arrests are quick scripted events during certain mission types. Compared to something like the SWAT series, which allowed for a wide range of interactions and mission types *over a decade* ago, Door Kickers seems quite limited. The only innovative thing about it is the neat field of view thing they borrowed from stealth games, but this ultimately cannot carry a game.Then there's the lack of story. If the mechanics are amazing I could forgive this, but they're not. And there's absolutely NO story or narrative element anywhere in the game - not even the little pre-mission briefings that have always been the norm for this type of game. Every level is challenge mode scenario. Your only incentive is a high score. Just challenge scenario after challenge scenario, which eventually becomes repetative. It all might as well be hologram training. There *is* a campaign mode, but all it is is a series of linked scenarios that feature permadeath & injury memory carrying over between them, thus making them more interesting and challenging. Absolutely nothing in the way of any additional narrative connection or setup. Instead every single scenario is a simple terrorist hunt or some basic objective that often boils down to being a terrorist hunt anyway."
,Recommended,248610,34541267,Posted: 27 August,all,Eladorn,Best military strategy game i ever played
,Recommended,248610,13169519,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,OneHundredFeet,"Great indy action - strategy game for those of us with SWAT fantasies. Easy to learn, with a huge amount of depth. Solid mechanics, great progression in the difficulty.  It has a sticky, one-more-time loop where you know you can do that mission better."
,Recommended,248610,13313531,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Lain,"Game is freakin' awesomeIf you're a fan of Police Quest / SWAT series this is going to be your jamFull disclosure: I am a Tier 1 Operator and my tactical beard is touching my lap, so my review might be biased"
,Recommended,248610,23863486,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,"Beauregard ""Buck"" Tudrussell","I consider this game a spiritual successor to the original Rainbow Six titles. You select your roster, change their loadouts for the mission, plan their points of entry and the paths they'll take during the mission, then you watch it all come to life. If you're quick enough, you can change your squad members' tactics on the fly in real-time, or you can just pause the action and make your adjustments from there. All in all, this game feels very good and it's easy to lose hours retrying one mission just to make it come out perfectly.Unlike Rainbow Six, you actually have to unlock all of the different weapons and specializations which gives the game a bit of an RPG feel, if not a bit frustrating for people who immediately want to use an assault rifle. There's multiple stock campaigns, and a good amount of user-created content as well. If you're looking for a true spiritual successor to OG R6, and are willing to settle for top-down graphics, this game is for you."
,Recommended,248610,12603936,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,CuriousChris,"i have to say, i love this game. i dont review game normally but i can't wait until this gets out of Early Access."
,Recommended,248610,20375315,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,omar_uav,wow
76561198141711761,Recommended,248610,25483784,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,benithan,Too Much Door kicking but too few door kickers1/10 :(
76561198049819329,Recommended,248610,17179586,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,echo1,Doorkickers is a superb game. Arguably better than Rainbow 6 in the tactical choices you can make. The mods are fantastic too and really add replay value to this fantastic package.
76561197988642196,Recommended,248610,12609819,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Richard Siegers,Very fun game
,Recommended,248610,13466036,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,LogiX™,11/10 Ruined my life. Spent too much time on this game!
76561198070497067,Recommended,248610,17641222,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Awesomeguy002,"It only took me a few minutes to see what Door Kickers is really capable of, the top-down Tactical shooter developed by Killzone Games really got me quite excited as soon as i saw it. With alot of the Tactic games i play, this one takes the cake.The controls are simple, easy-to-use, and quite addictive, i definitely recommend."
,Recommended,248610,23764383,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,king koifish,10/10my AI teammates listen to me more than actual players do in cs:go
,Recommended,248610,25312575,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Zimmy Zam,"the community is nothing like ive ever seen before get ready for a kick if you ever score the most kills. but im reviewing the game not the stupidity of medieval obsessed nerds.so i give the actual game 7/10 beacuse microtransaction for weapons that the community made beacuse the developers are too lazy and greedy, nothing new.. But the combat is really varied and fun it only lacks content."
76561197992405759,Recommended,248610,13017947,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,JRSorrow,i love it. its cool to see a swat style xcom with a top down view. gonna be playing this for a while
76561198027589650,Recommended,248610,13059341,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,lefteyegriff,"This game is awesome, sure its no COD but you can just pick it up and play it whenever and it never gets old. Tonnes of MODS in the 'workshop' and can create and share levels online. Plenty of levels will make sure you get your moneys worth! Go on.....Give it a go!!!"
,Recommended,248610,13079812,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Callum,Top down version of Rainbow Six with an pick up and play feel reminiscent of mobile titles like Angry Birds. 10/10
76561197969451117,Recommended,248610,13080547,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Smokey,"Very fun game. Simple but intuitive and also has tactical depth. The game also looks really good with some nice lighting effects and variety of missions from docks, to house calls and offices.I think also what is great about Door Kickers is the amount of workshop mods available. Some of them are brilliant and really enhance the game.Well worth checking this out."
76561198037782611,Recommended,248610,13080856,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,mara_CZE,Rainbow six is back:)
,Recommended,248610,14627620,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,LazyLeung,"A game that is simple and highly addictive. It could take countless tries to beat a level, and when you do it is very rewarding. You are always making tradeoffs, and split second decisions.The way the game is desgined that makes it highly replayable. Though I hoped that adding more custimation to individual memebers would help extned that replayability a bit more."
,Recommended,248610,16670344,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,bigLit,Geat game!
,Recommended,248610,16685222,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,therabidpenguins,"This is an absolutely fantastic rts with loads of content. The mechanics are simple to learn and the movement is pretty smooth. There are tons of missions and you can browse the steam workshop  for even more levels. It also comes with an easy to use level editor that is fun to play around with. One complaint I have is the campaign's lack of story. It does seem like its just a bunch of random levels, rather than a story weaving them together. Otherwise, its a fantastic and entertaining game that is worth a try."
,Recommended,248610,1581638,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Griffyn,"LOOKS FUN, BUT STILL BORED"
,Recommended,248610,15019153,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,stabbyjones,Sweet mother of god this game is awesome! I bought it in the early alpha and promptly forgot about it.After clearing some backlog I decided to give it a spin again... Give it spin you fools!
,Recommended,248610,24242260,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Aldrenean,"Excellent game plagued by a single awful problem: in the campaigns (not the single missions), if you lose a trooper and don't restart the mission, he's permanently dead. This is exacerbated by the game sometimes not recognizing your request to restart a mission... so you decided to try out a bold strategy on a campaign mission? Too bad, your best troopers are now gone forever. I've actually uninstalled until they fix this as it's just wantonly stupid. Still recommended, but don't touch the campaigns unless you're okay with a whole new roster of rookies."
,Recommended,248610,9976479,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,bvesco,"Alpha reviw: Even in this alpha state this game is a lot of fun. Some missions are brutally hard, but still tons of fun.Update: Now in beta, nearing final release, the game is only getting better. I'm having a blast!Update: Fully released, the game is awesome. Rainbow Six, Swat 3 and 4, Fallout Tactics, etc. If those are games that get you excited then you'll love this one, too. The controls are simple and intuitive without losing any power. Play this game!"
76561198074409378,Recommended,248610,26045987,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,avstriez,cool
76561197961638674,Recommended,248610,17373116,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,♛ telord,"Nice little game although I got bored real fast, still I recommend it.Well made."
76561198068767984,Recommended,248610,29261709,Posted: 14 January,all,The Man in Black,"Addicting game, it is fun to control these swat teams and position them just right to get the drop on the enemies in the area."
,Recommended,248610,20645203,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,THECLOWNKING,Simply the best top-down strategy game ever made.
76561198105047851,Recommended,248610,20240284,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Fragmaster Fred,"top game, makes me angry hen i fail, and makes me feel like a tactical god when i succeed ... what more could you want?"
,Recommended,248610,2856122,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Ultradar.,Buy it.
76561198124994963,Recommended,248610,12498403,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,,very cool swat style tactics. details of entry and attack points are awesome. perfect transition from room to room. 9 overall
,Recommended,248610,10863735,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Negro (Nigga with a hard R),Great game. Still very glitchy but it has only just entered Beta.Would recommend to anyone.8/10
76561198133301667,Recommended,248610,28079863,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,KoDan76,Good gameBut it has many gameplay design that made it unenjoyable to me.I asked for a refund :/It is definetely worth buying on sale but I think full prize is too much.
,Recommended,248610,29303217,Posted: 16 January,all,< blank >,This is what you get if u put R6 Siege and FinalFantasy in a blender
76561198327759414,Recommended,248610,25579884,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,VashTheStampede,"Fun for in small sessions, and the gameplay is as deep as you want to make it! Highly recommended"
,Recommended,248610,19996006,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,MR.UltraNationalist,i lve this game but can anyone tell me why my level is restarted every time
,Recommended,248610,30297173,Posted: 3 March,all,✪gHOSTYY Gamdom.com,"This game is juuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuust perfect! Buy this game if you want to have best strategy game in your library.Controls are easy and it took me only few minutes to get used to this game really love the missions,you can change your members name in the squad and change their gear and more stuff.JUST BUY IT"
,Recommended,248610,16399515,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,keksz #ripchester,kiváló
,Recommended,248610,19640199,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,thedunk,It's like skyrim with doors
,Recommended,248610,20279341,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,GFuel® [Braille Gamer] [No Ears],"I kicked a door, and I liked it.Baddies get a taste of my new boom stick.I kicked a door just to try it.I hope this bad guy don't mind it.10/10 Door smashing simulator 2k15"
,Recommended,248610,11284709,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Steelblade,Kicking Doors has never felt so real and visceral.
,Recommended,248610,11322250,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,RavePirate,"Fun for a mess around, but i'm ♥♥♥♥ing terrible at it so don't listen to me"
76561198033187442,Recommended,248610,26758309,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,N1,Rainbow 6 without uplay and hackers! 10/10
76561198329727132,Recommended,248610,33097681,Posted: 1 July,all,[saiko] Thatgamingowl,"fast, punchy, exciting, tactical. nothing more to say. 9/10 would recommend"
76561198271831232,Recommended,248610,33058966,Posted: 30 June,all,kekwinner,10/10 would stratagize again. <3
76561198198553337,Recommended,248610,23761934,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Bio/SwArm,"Splinter cell + Hotline miami! Great special force games, with lvl editor and random missions. ;)"
,Recommended,248610,28962938,Posted: 2 January,all,jpanko1,okbut not great
,Recommended,248610,24303424,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Winters,Just Awesome!
,Recommended,248610,28543933,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Capnjeego,Surprisingly fun.
,Recommended,248610,27598394,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,huibhuibusbongoin,Best game ever!!
,Recommended,248610,28572402,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,lalove3d3,You will enjoy this game.
76561197961086561,Recommended,248610,23995297,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Rex Banner,Great fun!
,Recommended,248610,23971620,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Dimebag Darrell,Tacticool af.
76561198163869280,Recommended,248610,29100366,Posted: 7 January,all,Horsey Horsington,"Pros:Kick doors, a lotCons:People might try to stop you from kicking said doors."
,Recommended,248610,15458918,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,nightingale2k1,if you love to destroy the doors ... you should play this game ... :)seriously it is a good game and i have been waiting for long time for strategy game like SWAT and Rogue Spear.Glad to play this game ...10/10 will play and play and play again
,Recommended,248610,23981669,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Tschonti,"It's fun for a few hours, but it gets too hard too quick (at least for me) It was worth it whent it was on sale"
,Recommended,248610,13705937,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Tea_Time,"+Well done+Progression system+Refreshing+unique-Small ""skill tree""-Easy to get upgrades/skills"
76561198042986440,Recommended,248610,14582231,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,cgypunk,so simple but so much fun
,Recommended,248610,18099682,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,CampMePlease,great game
,Recommended,248610,25734790,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Deformed Terry Crews,Now I did refund the game on steam but I played alot of this game on the mobile version I do say the game is a fun tactical shooter but the price is kinda of too high for the game others would say no its worth 20 bucks but on the IOS store its 5$ so straight out of the box you would buy it there than on steam
,Recommended,248610,28359418,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,TheRogueWalker,Nicely good.
76561198140627621,Recommended,248610,24099178,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,KingDing-a-Ling13,"I've played less than an hour of this game and I'm already extremely impressed with it. I saw that it was on sale during the Summer Sale and that it was cheap, so I bought it on an impusle. I can already say it was a steal. The game seems very realistic, and it is unforgiving in a good way. It forces you to plan every detail meticulously, and if one thing goes wrong, everything can go wrong. An incredible strategy game, would buy it again for full price."
76561198143523442,Recommended,248610,33857920,Posted: 28 July,all,Freиzy ★,frustrating as ♥♥♥♥i love it
,Recommended,248610,19952683,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,hey.... HEY!!!!,great !!
,Recommended,248610,33185130,Posted: 3 July,all,Bad Hatter,"Wow, for 2.99 this game is simply amazing...Gameplay is what you expect and see from the video,  strategy game that uses STRATEGY PAUSE instead of turned based combat.. which feels great!Although you can't say there are tons of workshop downloads..I've prob downloaded close to 100 maps + 100 skins + 50-100 guns + FREAKING RAINBOW SIX SOUND PACK.9/10"
,Recommended,248610,17780989,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Angbadang,Yes.
,Recommended,248610,19428246,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,keybearer,The Partyvan is here!
,Recommended,248610,19293199,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Maeda,"A lot of fun in Door Kickers comes from the failures.And unless you're endowed with the tactical genius of an Alexander the Great or Napoleon Bonaparte, you're going to fail a lot.Door Kickers is a top-down tactics game with an emphasis on positioning, planning, and reaction. The game tests your ability to adapt to unfavorable circumstances, and it often pits you against seemingly insurmountable odds in the form of armed thugs.All in all it's great fun. Feels very rewarding when you craft a plan for a particular mission and you pull it off successfully. Would urge you to wait for a sale though, as the base $20 price dropped down to just $4 in this past Autumn Sale."
,Recommended,248610,34465199,Posted: 24 August,all,✪ fucc,good game
,Recommended,248610,16686575,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,TheDankMemeOfDOOM,"Its bloody hard, but it's also bloody worth it!"
,Recommended,248610,19987894,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Pigbull320,10/10 would kick door again.
,Recommended,248610,13721498,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Tak,"Perfect bite-sized strategy with all the 'one shot gravitas' and faux bravado a good round of Rogue Spear would muster. Part puzzle part strategy with some pseudo RPG elements. Tons of stock levels, a random mission generator, and a strong mission editor mean lots of replay value even if you never touch the effortlessly integrated Steam Workshop for mods or community levels.It was an impulse buy based on looks and concept, and surprised me in a good way. If it looks even remotely appealing to you, get it!"
,Recommended,248610,8789771,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Pavelow,"If you're a fan of any of the SWAT games or just like the tactical/spec-ops genre, buy this game. It's simple, yet unforgiving. The Devs constantly add what you would want in a game like this, and with a mission generator, you won't go bored. Defintely worth the money if you can spare it."
,Recommended,248610,20435214,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,starmix,Really like it!
,Recommended,248610,22490336,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,TheSithElite,It has it's moments. Most of which are good moments.
,Recommended,248610,22797110,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,SnackTimeCat,"Yeah, I kick doors sometimes."
76561197986541538,Recommended,248610,9351281,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Multihog,"Highly recommended for all fans of tactical games. It's already a very addictive and fun game and it's just alpha!It's quite similar to Frozen Synapse in some ways, but it's pausable real time(you will pause quite a bit) instead of being turn based. This kind of a plan & pause system is perfect for the game. You have a wide selection of weapons to choose from and there will be squad progression with promotions, etc. It's great now and it will be even better when all the features are implemented.----------------------------Post release UPDATE: The game is now better than ever. Many things are improved and implemented, including individual trooper level progression, campaign and iron man mode(missions can't be restarted, but you get double EXP), etc.The game is even better with the Rainbow Six character and sound mods (available on Steam Workshop!)"
,Recommended,248610,24032633,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Chicken McNuggets,"I saw this game, seen the screenshots and bought it not expecting much. Boy was i wrong.As soon as i got off i played for 102 minuites straight."
,Recommended,248610,12827142,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Bennetti,firstly this is a great game and is fun to make your men just run around and shoot the terroristsBUTIt was very is to complete and i had most of my men last level in a few hours and got bored quickly
,Recommended,248610,16751277,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,TesseracT,"Refreshing gameplay. Just when you thought only action/fps genres can bring the ""I-am-a-SWAT feels"", Doorkickers just kicks in!"
,Recommended,248610,16754569,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Tumnaselda,"Simple, minimal but perfect tactics game. What should be there is there, no more no less. $20 seems a bit too pricey but if you love tactics it's worth the money. If you just want to play it, wait for the sale."
,Recommended,248610,16808632,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,iceicebaby,Extremely challenging. Would be easier if you have military background. Definitely 10/10
76561198168210750,Recommended,248610,24678235,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,my name is john,Good game.
76561198309555398,Recommended,248610,31829041,Posted: 18 May,all,MEME_LORD,good game
,Recommended,248610,34527469,Posted: 27 August,all,Wolfpaka,"Not SWAT 4 good, but good."
76561198050764909,Recommended,248610,20637462,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,IndustrialDonut,"This is honestly one of the most satisfying games I've played, and I honestly feel bad for not having more hours on it in comparison to my thousands on other games. (My problem is that I don't play single player games too extensively at all really...) THIS GAME, is amazing if you like tactical and rewarding engagements that YOU decide who wins not by reflexes, not by superior weaponry most of the time either but by playing, rather out-playing your contestants and manuevering to victory. Yes, this is a ""Police"" game but that's really only in the sense that you save hostages and stuff so most of it is really comparable to military operations in urban terrain which is some of the MOST demanding, tactically speaking, kind of operations. ANGLES are either your friend or your enemy depending on how you work them, teamwork among your units is imperative, and rewarding is it ever when you do a whole mission without losing a teammember or not getting shot due to methodical and tactical commanding on your part it's amazing!!This game is almost comparable to Counter Strike in the tactical sense of needing to use your equipment to gain an advantage over the naturally-advantageous defenders and then capitalize on gains you make into their whatever it may be at the given mission.In other words, this is the only game I've BOTHERED writing a review for so far so you KNOW it's seriously amazing given that right??!!"
,Recommended,248610,29920377,Posted: 14 February,all,XeeX,Good
,Recommended,248610,33195099,Posted: 3 July,all,TIMFAB,"Tango down !i love the cinematic replay at the end..great top down tactical strategy, worth it !"
,Recommended,248610,13304016,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Panther,"60 hrs in 6 days, good game"
76561198082305245,Recommended,248610,14648465,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,skegs,10/10. Like busting down peoples back doors.
,Recommended,248610,20987599,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,MadCappinTom,Buy it now
,Recommended,248610,21013315,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Royalturkey227,"Great game, very rewarding once you unlock all of the classes"
76561198272407042,Recommended,248610,21334438,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,KnockDownNine41,Amazing game!! Can't wait for Door Kickers 2!!
,Recommended,248610,25452553,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Woodysoapbar,"the game where you knock politelySeriously though:I love this game, it is a tactical SWAT game where you are in command of the team breaching into buildings and killing bad guys with many different gadgets, grenades and weapons, excellent time waster. It is simple in its structure but the replay value is infinite because there are limitless ways to approach a scenario. Definitely get this.(Yes I know my playtime is low but that's because I also play this on android)"
,Recommended,248610,28846087,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,prophyz,"A game put together with a lot of love and attention to detail. Addictive and rewarding, excellent audio and music, and most importantly, a lot of fun."
,Recommended,248610,28657183,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Thumbless Terror,An awesome game with a very different and unique gameplay experience. Quite a bit of replayability.
76561198046747192,Recommended,248610,31051512,Posted: 9 April,all,WitchingSnake,Outstanding work by an indie developer. Who would have thougth that playing Rainbow Six from the planning perspective would be so much fun? Pretty much everyone that played Rainbow Six and the likes.The modding is fantastic as well and there's a level editor and generator.Works also well with a touch screen.
,Recommended,248610,14216023,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,KERNBOOM,"Its Rainbow Six, top down, with RPG and roguelike elements like ironmode.It goes deeper than it looks, and it's fun once you got into it."
76561198040523494,Recommended,248610,15315427,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Lithium Quad,Great game if you want to waste 15 minutes or a couple hours. Go through the individual missions to level up your guys prior to the campaign.
76561198033443675,Recommended,248610,28077134,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Zoot,meh..not good..not bad..still recommend..but it gets a lil bit boring.
,Recommended,248610,35318111,Posted: 29 September,all,Lil Retard,Like minecraft with guns
,Not Recommended,248610,23769610,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,AnnanFay,"I bought this thinking it would be similar to Frozen Synapse, but more recent version and a different flavour - police instead of highly abstract. It is similar but not as fun and much more frustrating.The main limitations I found which ruined the game for me were:1) It's very easy to accidentally mis-click and delete your entire plan - with no undo button... To Bad(TM)2) No way to add waypoints in the middle of paths - other than to redo everything3) No way to undo 'look this way' command other than lots of nodes (which isn't really a problem, except...)4) Nodes cannot be moved.I didn't play much because I kept accidentally deleting my plans. But, I did like the door breach methods and the RPG elements (buying weapons, levelling up guys). Never got round to the Campaign, because it's locked behind a level wall - can't play until level 6.I really wanted to like the game, but the utter frustration!!!"
76561198033368971,Not Recommended,248610,24048467,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Hurtta,Game misses some important features that it should have by default like creating waypoints between existing waypoints and moving already created waypoints. Most fustrating problem is difficulty to remove sychronized action waypoints.
76561198032079905,Not Recommended,248610,21040744,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Designated Wizard,"The game gets repetitive really quickly. It felt like I was just shoving my team members straight into a meat grinder the entire time and I found it nearly impossible to complete any of the campaigns. There are some serious balancing issues, the game seems to feel and react as if the player is supposed to be a master tactician; every mission feels like you need to play through it until you're sick of it, and then some. I memorized several of the single mission maps just in order to beat them and properly plan everything out. I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone that's not a fan of extreme foreplanning and painstaking grinds."
,Recommended,248610,28667695,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,MAXiminimum,I love it when a plan comes together
,Recommended,248610,9415967,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Corrosion,I like it so far.... their plans seem really great and the game right now is pretty cool
,Recommended,248610,25989921,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,baronvonbadbeaver,I kept shooting people to find all the drugs but all I got was chalk outlines.
76561198097481994,Recommended,248610,28789864,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Chocolate Thunder,"So i've only put about 3.5 hours into this game, but i gotta say that i love every aspect of it. This game is like hotline miami with time stops and some of that hot police action thrown in. think of it as a more tactical version of hotline miami. i'd give it a solid 10"
76561198026386095,Recommended,248610,24622926,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,erfqfrqe,"I would contrast my experience with Door Kickers with my experience with Starbound. With Starbound I tried and failed so many times that I completly lost my temper and uninstalled it. With Starbound there was no fun in failure. In Door Kickers, it is incredibly fun to fail.  In fact this would be my measure of a good game."
76561197968847284,Recommended,248610,20898757,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Massiv Igel,Nice :)
,Recommended,248610,23967999,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Dracgnar,gg
,Recommended,248610,23926786,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Unaesthetic,very tacticool
,Recommended,248610,31848261,Posted: 19 May,all,haten,One of those games where you install every once and a while and just enjoy. not much to say. the game is unique and fun.
76561198160335383,Recommended,248610,23131568,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,chuhai95,"One mission: the whole SWAT team has been called because the neighboor next door playing Baby-Justin Bieber, I play like: Rush B no stop with flash"
76561198007044419,Recommended,248610,12599751,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,doctic27,"Fun and interesting game, but i changed the video resolution to try a different setup and now it's stuck and I can't see the entire screen or access it.  I've deleted and reloaded three times now, but it keeps booting up in the wrong  resolution.   Frustrating and sad, because now I can't play the game."
,Recommended,248610,26679014,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,MLG-POTATO,Good Game 9/11
,Recommended,248610,24366959,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,kibakeN💗CSPL.ru,WTF?  day is breaking ???? oh god!!!!
,Recommended,248610,23990418,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Politetrafluoroetylen,Magnum 44 (One hand)
,Recommended,248610,12649033,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,OL3,3kills faster than your eyes can see10/10 Great Game
76561198284157277,Recommended,248610,34086358,Posted: 7 August,all,.#NOob,"Dont buy it for full price cause its to expensive, but wait for summer sale and get it for less than 5$ and u ll spent hours on it . I played it in a pirated version before and i had a lot of fun. I really reccomend it."
76561198079455287,Recommended,248610,28861234,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Professor Toothy,"It's kinda like Rainbow 6 Seige.The only difference is that Door Kickers is a respectable rainbow 6 title.10/10, would run in randomly and spam c4 again."
76561198094198821,Recommended,248610,16783513,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,The Triggerman,This Game Is So Dang Good! it's Like Rainbow Six.
,Recommended,248610,16751501,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,ＫｉｔｃｈｅｎＳｉｎK,"Great game, Level editer is really good aswell"
,Recommended,248610,34070152,Posted: 6 August,all,Spymac,"👍👍👍👍 Very nice, well done, 🤶"
,Recommended,248610,14506787,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,jokb235,This is an awesome game.
,Recommended,248610,25406117,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,PFC Thomas [29th ID],Police Brutality Simulator 2016
76561198153858369,Recommended,248610,12611350,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,iamjames007,OH MY GOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!               [SO SO SO SO SO SO GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD!!!!!!!!!]
,Recommended,248610,25671295,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Mix73,"Made a mapSaid it ,,doesn't"" have a virusPeople come and see the mapSay that its probably a virus because of the ,,doesn't"" have a virus wordStill gets to the popular page for the week...10/10 would virus again"
,Recommended,248610,29461491,Posted: 24 January,all,dm,Pretty fun strategic game. Highly recommended
,Recommended,248610,34837536,Posted: 9 September,all,Div,Great
,Recommended,248610,34650323,Posted: 31 August,all,BeyonD,Very realisticOne of the best P90 Simulators
,Recommended,248610,12586037,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,MekNaan,"Strategy at its best. Easy to get into, hard to master. Great community. Great mods. A must have."
,Not Recommended,248610,17731454,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Scrotum Sniper,"Decent game, but definitely not very tactically deep, and certainly not very fun gameplay-wise. The gameplay itself boils down to mastering a room clearing technique, and once you figure this out, the game becomes very simple. Not much variety in the inventory, and frankly, once you unlock the Assault class, you have everything you need to beat the game outright. The RPG elements that are introduced are very shallow and don't really differentiate your squad members. The various roles in the squad are pretty superfluous, and at later stages, Assault is the only really valuable role you can take. Cover system is very mediocre, with your troops more or less being a gun that you point with your mouse. No dynamic AI, no functional cover shooting. What you have is a game that consists of everything that made the old Rainbow Six games good, but without the same polish that made them fun. Fun diversion for a few hours, but not an 8/10 game."
,Recommended,248610,13979323,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Unmutual,Hotline Miami + SWAT 4 + Mod toolsNeed I say more?
,Not Recommended,248610,24323495,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Lovely Elsanna,"Notice how most of the top reviews have under ten hours play time? Yeah. The game wears thin very quickly. Also, the enemies have random spawning on every map. This may sound fine at first, but it's annoying because someimes you do have the perfect plan but RNG desides to screw you. And many times your squad doesn't fire back at enemies and they just stand there to get shot at. It's a very shallow game despite what the tag lines say."
76561198006649128,Recommended,248610,13016707,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,[ZFG] mrkey,"This is a good'un.Well designed, pacey, and with good artwork.Features an extensive set of unlocks, as well as soldier advancement.It's a puzzle game at heart, but don't let that put you off. This game is challenging and addictive.3 campaigns and tons of single mission make this game well worth the 20 bucks."
76561197981255414,Recommended,248610,13180299,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,ChillBilly,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l2kXq4ubOZU&feature=youtu.be
76561198154494435,Recommended,248610,23718273,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,vixni♥,fun
,Not Recommended,248610,35248986,Posted: 27 September,all,=Snappy=,"Looked cool but I expect a lot more in terms of QoL. Didn't realize this was a phone game. Wish I hadn't bought it.Main gripe: say you plan an exquisite route for the mission. 50 waypoints with all kinds of fun tactical details added every step of the way. Then you decide you want to change something at # 20. If you click the wrong thing -- pretty easy to do, by the way, evidently, as it's already happened to me at least 3 extremely frustrating times in my short career -- you'll lose everything beyond that point and have to re-create it all. No ""Undo"" or ""Save/Load"" functions in sight. :(There is no saving/loading of plans between sessions, either. i.e. Get it right, and beat the mission, now, or be prepared to re-create your whole plan again the next time you launch the game.Also, compare to a game like Frozen Synapse. Not a perfect game, either, but one main thing that makes the whole ""plan then take-hands-off and execute"" thing work is that the run-throughs in that game are largely identical from run to run. In this game, you get different behavior out of the AI and even your own troops each time (accuracy of throwing FB for example; half the time they duff it and bobble it off the door and it lands at their feet!).FWIW I didn't have any preconceived notion about how this should work, but after seeing it work this way, in comparison to the Frozen Synapse way, I find this way to be lacking. You have a game that requires more extensive tweaks to your plan, and gives you a less-forgiving means of making those tweaks. Not good. I guess you have the advantage of: you can re-run the same bad plan over and over and maybe one day the AIs will have that happy random seed that will allow it to finally succeed. That's not how I want to approach the game, though.Bottom line: phone game; your time is probably better spent elsewhere.P.S.: ""14 friends already own this game"". A couple went the distance, and have >6 hrs. Most in the 0-2hr. range (as am I), a usage pattern which would seem to correspond with a rating of ""it's cool, but...""."
76561197983301475,Recommended,248610,13837365,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,RabidUrko,"Tactical top down graphics SWAT game with the same buzz you get from a first person shootergame.Layout your plans as you go and tactically secure your objectives.Plenty of action as well as tactics.Endless replay value with mission generator and easy to use map maker, together with regular updates."
,Recommended,248610,13023731,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Lurgen,"Despite being a pretty simple game, Door Kickers is extremely well implemented. The gameplay is smooth, challenging and quite exciting once you get going.The system it uses for upgrades is initially a bit frustrating, requiring a bit of grinding to get enough stars to buy decent equipment but once you get past the first hour of gameplay you'll have most of the end-game items you'd want.For once, the single-mission content is larger than the structured story-line missions to the point where I still haven't managed to finish them all yet. The challenges are a bit on the simplistic side though, I'd like to see a wider variety of bonus challenges (like finishing a map using a specific type of trooper, or without firing a shot) but it's hard to complain with something like 100 levels to master.Definitely worth a purchase, and certainly not unfinished content."
76561198123750698,Recommended,248610,29389209,Posted: 20 January,all,SOAR_Lt_Titan,good and fun oiwae[daslpdwqe;la2
,Recommended,248610,16469708,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Trip,"Much better than ""Breach and Clear"""
,Recommended,248610,19313666,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,whats non stop poppin b,If Angry Birds and CS:GO had a baby...
,Recommended,248610,12679421,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Tea2theBag,"Brilliant game. Worth the 15 quid. Great game to jump in and play for 30mins at a time. Quick to load, kick some doors realise later in the shower you should of kicked the other door. Jump back in and kick that door. Very satisfying when you kick doors perfectly.  Could do with more officer customisation and visuals. Get some sound mods, extra maps and go kick those doors."
,Recommended,248610,21199686,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,wipzz,Very fun & Good tactical game...ใครคิดจะซื้อ กดไปเถอะ สนุก..เพลิน เล่นขั้นเวลาเบื่อๆ :D
76561198029584543,Not Recommended,248610,16747748,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Korean Lady Jesus,"I wish there was a way to give a game something in between a thumbs up and a thumbs down. Unfortunately, if I have to choose one, I have to give this game a thumbs down.It's not a bad game. It's just that I've played it before. But the last time I played it it was called Frozen Synapse. And that's the main issue. This game brings nothing at all new or improved to the table. If you've played X-Com or Frozen Synapse or any number of similar games, then you've already played this game.The concept itself is unfortuantely pretty thin. I mean, there's only so many ways you can blow away bad guys in different apartments. It gets repetetive fast, especially if you've already played similar games."
,Not Recommended,248610,16743664,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,LagBoy,"The control scheme took a lot of getting used to, and was too fiddly and at times buggy for me to feel that it worked well. I also didn't appreciate the campaign mode being locked at the outset, and having to level up my team."
,Not Recommended,248610,18161828,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Stealth Cat,"Overated game, where random rules all the gameplay.Also i had random (lol) drops to 1 FPS even on high-end computer."
,Recommended,248610,13422424,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Confused,"So i started the game and found myself in a tringin site with actual people.  So I just started blastin people and then I realised I wasn't playing doorkickers.0/10,makes me a psychopath"
,Recommended,248610,12825174,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Ketsa,*Lockpicking door*Level 100 Lockpicking*Unlocks door*♥♥♥♥ HANDLES*KICKS DOOR OPEN**Proceed to silently execute plan**C4 on door*BOOM*Rush in*GRENADE!TFW Ironman mode and all of your members die.
,Not Recommended,248610,33358001,Posted: 7 July,all,Spicey,"Lot of fun for four hours, but then gets boring. You basically come up with 2-8 paths, coordinate and add limited tactics, maybe edit a path once, add maybe another flashbang here or there, and then just repeat till it works. No real strategy after you've drawn the paths because it's just luck whether they work or not eventually. Buy it on a good sale, otherwise it is not worth full price. The campaigns also really don't have a story, just a common theme and harder enemies, that's it. I wish I could add constructive critiscm but I don't see any useful improvements besides maybe an actual story?"
,Recommended,248610,14458897,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,missharvey <intel>,its rainbow six 3 but without the first person view
,Recommended,248610,17473455,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,"Axel ""Not the Real"" Foley","This game screams out to fans of Rainbow Six, Splinter Cell, and Metal Gear Solid. The planning options in this game are expansive, and offer players an outstanding amount of ways to complete a mission.There is no ""best way"" to finish a mission on this game. Assault classes have the armor to withstand bullets head-on, while stealth units are quick enough to clear rooms of enemies without alerting the rest of the area. This game offers so much in the area of replayability, by allowing users to pick different ways to breach, kill, or arrest.I couldn't recommend this game more if I wanted to, it's just an awesome game that definitely needs a buy if you're a fan of any kind of tactical, stealth simulator."
76561198043053126,Not Recommended,248610,24324476,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,mjuodvalkis,"Crashes at start screen. Freezes computer. Can't play. Can barely shut down the game without restarting PC.I bought the game a few months ago. Just tried playing it.Everything on my PC is kept up to date (drivers for GPU, everything else)."
,Not Recommended,248610,29091238,Posted: 7 January,all,kkgg84,Hard to feel like you're in controll of your guys...
,Recommended,248610,20969267,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,HuntertheWolf,loves this game wish i knewn how to mod it for items ^_^
,Recommended,248610,21225330,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Raynor,"Great real-time-with-pause tactical game. You have a squad of swat operatives and take missions with them to kill baddies, rescue hostages, defuse the bomb. Each mission starts with planning mode, where you can choose weapons and gear for your guys and plan movement and actions for completing objectives. Then you hit big red button and watch. You can pause and change plan any time, and even can play in real time, but this is latter is less effective. After mission you earn stars based on performance which you can use to buy upgrades like new weapons and gear.Highly recommended if you like squad-based tactical games."
,Not Recommended,248610,17147761,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Sergeant Burden,You're only seeing this because you switched to the negative reviews.Buy it.
76561198141978339,Not Recommended,248610,16888979,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,TheWetSlug,Its fun for a little
,Not Recommended,248610,17022635,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Just A Sweaty Transvetty,It crashes more than a bethesda game.
,Not Recommended,248610,16897202,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Business Fish,I thought it would be cool but it just feels like an IOS game and the strategy is kind of tedious.
76561198119138239,Not Recommended,248610,19971551,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Gatoradeburn,play it at a friends house before you buy it. it doesnt quite feel the way it looks when you start playiong it
,Recommended,248610,16629644,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Neko-Nomikon,"It's a really good tactics game.Pros- Tons of levels.- Tons of armour.- Tons of weapons.- Tons of utilities and support gear.- Voiced characters.- Alternate appearances for characters.- Workshop support.- Level creator.- XP which leads to upgrades.- Allows mission replays so you can see where you went wrong if you died.Cons- Female officers will speak like men.- Can be very difficult during some missions.- Caps aren't available when customizing callsigns OR names.- Steep price tag if it isn't on offer.- REALLY, REALLY fiddly to give your officers directions. 4/5 times you try to flash bang a door, then go through, the UI will just reset and make you redo your plan again.- Some missions are damn near impossible to complete. Fire gun. Oops they heard, hostage is dead. :^) Fire taser. Oops they heard, hostage is dead. :^) Try and stealth it, shoot the bloke who's closest to the ONLY hostage. Oops you failed it."
,Recommended,248610,31032207,Posted: 8 April,all,P*ter,.
,Recommended,248610,25451090,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Paar'nahkrin,Highly Recommended !
,Not Recommended,248610,16682022,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,swaharp96,Just can't reccomend it for 20 dollars. I can't play the campaign right from the get go which I don't like. I just don't feel good about spending more than 10 dollars on this game.
76561198079211200,Not Recommended,248610,16504595,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Honey Badger,i love rainbow six thats what i thought this game looked like but in reality it got pretty tedious and boring after a while
,Not Recommended,248610,16487924,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,mark-henry,"Tries to cross careful strategy with real-time action and succeeds at neither. For the game design buff, I recommend Frozen Synapse instead."
76561198036860350,Not Recommended,248610,24714576,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Kusio,"Game have potential, but it is annoying. For example when You do everything OK, get You can get 1 or 3 stars. Game should promote best tactic. Not best time."
76561198146861828,Not Recommended,248610,17070353,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,darkshade721,"Don't get me wrong, I like Doorkickers in concept and gameplay. I really wish there was a sideways button but there is isn't, my main complaint is this, the game is too expensive. I wish it was 10 dollars or less even because while I understand there is a lot of content it really just doesn't seem worth the price to me."
76561198038326200,Not Recommended,248610,23773578,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Manwich,"I bought the game on summer sale for a very low price.  Despite this, I'm just under 2 hours and am submitting for refund.At first I thought was a decent pass of time.  But when I got down to actually doing the gold star objectives, I found it incredibly frustrating for a few reasons:-Very often i'll move from point to point with enemies in plain sight and not fire at them-Very often I'll be firing at an enemy but for some reason will disengage and move on to next point regardless of the fact that the not killed enemy is still firing at me-Cannot set rotation points at key spots (like, doors/breaching), which makes the ""Live Play"" or ""Finish in a single set of waypoints"" objectives near impossible without just random dumb luck of the positioning of the enemies upon entering a roomThe randomness of behavior of the enemies is actually a fun point and makes the replays decent, but when your own character seems to be doing things completely counter-intuitive to your purpose (kill enemies in plain sight), it's frustrating and even for the price ($3) I find I've gotten bored of the game quickly in 2 attemps to sit and play it now and I'd rather this money go toward another game."
,Not Recommended,248610,19181729,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,educated_monkey,"Although I was really looking forward to playing this title, I was very disappointed about the gameplay. The tactical side is unplayable in my opinion. XCOM and Breach & Clear are far better titles in that respect. The turn-based tactival gameplay in those games is just superior. In this game it feels clunky, un-fair and completely random. You cannot choose which way your soldiers look, you cannot get them to look around corners and stay in cover that way, the planning is awfull and that just turned me off.I do like the soldier-interface and the levelling aspect of your team's capabilities and weapons, but that just doesn't make up for the clunkiness of the rest of the game.I might just be spoiled by the above mentioned games, which might make this review a bit biased, but as there are alot of positive reviews for this title, I am not very concerned about the impact this review will make."
,Not Recommended,248610,20317989,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,jesse_smit,First the weird gun fetishism made me uncomfortable. Then I started to find the game fairly compelling. Then when it locked up my entire machine for the 3rd time I was done.(I may revisit this if theres an update)
76561198084004954,Not Recommended,248610,20187308,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Dante,"This game is fun, but what it desperately, DESPERATELY needs is the capability to let the player 'tab out' of the game without a complete crash. This is EXTREMELY annoying, and this makes the game pretty much completely unplayable for me. This is not a hard thing to do, as I have NEVER seen a game that can't tab out before."
76561198017090939,Not Recommended,248610,20284080,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,WTVR,This game is pretty cool but is seriously held back by it's mobile-like design. It feels like a handheld game that the designers ran away with. Classes and weapons are endlessly customizable but the actual planning play has a design mechanic that makes complexity very difficult to achieve. It feels like a good step but so many half-baked features that reek of ios design. It's just not rewarding toplay for me
76561198029867665,Not Recommended,248610,20136477,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,JJStarBug,Too difficult to control & play. Lacks of basic game assisted or automated UI intelligent.
76561198067198869,Not Recommended,248610,23442488,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Monkey Mouth,"Has a lot of potential, but doesn't really deliver. It's a good game, but the leveling system restricting so much strangles the game and holds it short of being a great. Deployments limited to 2 people in the beginning and continue to impliment deployment restrictions in a force:resistance ratio is very restricting and is a real drag as it doesn't focus on strategy as much as bunch up and walk through together as opposed to getting stratigic assault from multiple angles requiring more consideration of strategic locationing. I'm not saying it's a bad game, I am merely stating that I wouldn't recommend it - though it is funny watching people get mad about my review.On the upside, this would be a great game for a modder.I had hoped that people would be smart enough to work it out, but clearly not, so I have edited my review."
76561198126919474,Not Recommended,248610,20014915,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,bradennotbrandon,it froze after every mission
76561198016713100,Recommended,248610,23964348,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Tazor,"Tactical and brutal RTS where you lead a SWAT team. Great level design, varied weapons, objectives and SWAT team members with different specialisations. Ridiculous ammount of content for the asking price plus workshop."
,Not Recommended,248610,33315007,Posted: 6 July,all,MisterY2033,"A good game.But always lag, freeze and crash.Bad optimization for pc."
76561198165658516,Not Recommended,248610,25991704,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Krillapede,"Great game until it isnt. Can't play because the settings are at the bottom of the page and for some reason the window was enlarged and now I can't fix it. pls put ur settings at the top of the page. I tried everything to fix this and it doesnt work. I have tried changing the launch from properties but like I said nothing is working. Even though I am upset, for the hour and a half I played it I had fun. I would say that if you have a windows you should get this game but if you have a Mac OSX like I do than you should keep in mind that messing with the settings can F up your game."
,Not Recommended,248610,33145700,Posted: 2 July,all,Homuya [GER],"Everything is timed, you can take as much time as you need but it results in less score and the game isn't designed for that so I cant recommend it for my taste."
76561198023296344,Not Recommended,248610,19428118,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,johnhopfensperger,might as well play tic tac toe
,Not Recommended,248610,29741721,Posted: 6 February,all,Mademoiselle Godzilla,"Unplayable. Why ? Because there is a bug when you select a unit, you can select another one. So you are forced to finish the mission with only one unit. This game was released there are 3 years. This bug is still here."
,Not Recommended,248610,13599709,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,PhoeniX,"The game seemingly has lots of potential... but I can't quite place my finger on why I don't like it. The progression system is interesting I guess, but the actual gameplay is clunky. For as complex/time restricted as some of the stages are, the game really needs to have better AI. I get that it is a strategy game, but your AI end up doing boneheaded things or reacting in dumb ways to new threats. And line of sight down some hallways and at some angles will destroy your team without them having the opportunity to fire back."
76561197973966297,Not Recommended,248610,33672358,Posted: 20 July,all,Jah00R,I do not often write negative reviews.The idea seemed very promising after viewing the trailer and screenshots.But it turned out repetitive and hard to get into because of a rather unintuitive UI.
,Not Recommended,248610,30427286,Posted: 10 March,all,iandraper19644,"What ever I do, the game will not load.... I've tried everything,combatabilty settings etc. Just crashes. Agggh."
,Not Recommended,248610,31525157,Posted: 3 May,all,White - Devil,Do you like random drops to 10 FPS in your 2d tactical squad simulator that doesn't allow you enough fine control of your soldiers?If so then this is the game for you.
76561198114493519,Not Recommended,248610,18214299,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Col. Dragon496000,I reccomend this to someone who can succesfully command people who are mentally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,248610,25079152,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Psi7,Mission Failed Hostage Killed!INJURED INJURED!
76561198117430211,Not Recommended,248610,19723690,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Cody Cigar,this game is♥♥♥♥♥
76561198096742032,Not Recommended,248610,33605745,Posted: 17 July,all,senkiasenswe,"Having nearly 15 years of experience in strategy games, I was surprised to find that I just don't enjoy this one. The amount of effort it takes to coordinate one real time second of actions is just irritating for me. Its not a bad game, just not my type. Most of the classes/weapons feel inferior and that there isn't much need to swap them out. Losing an operator isn't as difficult as I imagined, as the stats feel slightly purposeless."
76561198379915901,Not Recommended,248610,33381558,Posted: 8 July,all,TIPTRACK FEDORA,lol game♥♥♥♥♥
76561198090883321,Not Recommended,248610,23003146,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,huenm,"The controls are hard to get a handle of. It feels more complicated than it needs to be. More options don't mean better design. I wanted to love it but I had to drop it. I feel like this was designed for mobile, yet I can only imagine this being way more difficult on mobile."
,Not Recommended,248610,28878284,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,NotMexican,"There is a complete lack of A.I, tutorial, it's tedious, horrible controls, Crap learning curve & missing any sign of fun."
,Not Recommended,248610,16531793,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,[BLD] Wolfe,"I already requested a refund. Good luck.Your UI is broken, selecting movement types, moving at all, moving waypoints around, removing or placing additional waypoints etc. are all impossible or break the gameplay flow, causing your character to spazz out, having to remake an entire plan from scratch because I misclicked somewhere.This is unjustifyable, for a game that looks like it was made for some game jam, released half a year ago, went through a lengthy early access period, etc. My apologies, but if you can't find the issues yourself with one simple playthrough, don't expect me to report it for you."
76561198006521653,Not Recommended,248610,24562316,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,BorderReaper,LoL...save your 2 bucks or whatever the game is going for now...you will be happier eating one of those cheap apple pie things from McDonalds than playing this game..
76561198012584058,Not Recommended,248610,29640412,Posted: 1 February,all,do,"great concept / poor execution. the controls are horrendous, as you are often struggling to get your troops to move the way you want.there seems to be two playstyles to the game, one where you plan out everything in advance, another where you pause/unpause as you react to the situation. the first relies on too much trial and error as map information is incomplete, and the second one is a nightmare because of the poor controls.5/10"
,Not Recommended,248610,24070857,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,SquidZKatanaZ,This game is wayyyyyyyy too hard I want to shoot myself in the face with a shotgun every time i play it.
,Not Recommended,248610,19924526,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Samurai Goldfish,nope
76561198153534693,Not Recommended,248610,28251454,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,CYKØ,看什么差评，快把这游戏买了!Stop reading the negative reviews and buy this game NOW.
,Not Recommended,248610,23679934,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Draxxalon,"For a game called ""Door Kickers"" the Doors are the hardest things to deal with.    Finally gave up after I couldnt deal with their clunkiness."
,Not Recommended,248610,31075754,Posted: 11 April,all,陆航（Ciri）,Good game but not for me.不错的游戏，但是不适合我。Maybe there shall be more guides for newbies like me. I couldn't even pass the first five levels.对于我这样的菜鸟来说，或许这里需要更多的教程。我连前五关都过不去……Sorry but no recommendation.抱歉不能给予推荐。
,Not Recommended,248610,13774907,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,G.G.,"As a puzzle game it is a great concept and simple. However, the stupidity is SWAT Troopers won't look around a room without your say so. They, even though they shot the guy, have turned just out of sight won't finish them off and get killed. The most frustrating thing is the 90 degree veiw range. Like that's all we have in the world even with a helmet. I don't recommend this game unless they expand the view angle to 120 or 140 degrees."
,Not Recommended,248610,30078878,Posted: 21 February,all,★ 🆂🅼🅰🆁🆃,boring
76561198119593529,Not Recommended,248610,25778960,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,|FckFcs|Firefly,I feel like i am babysiting a bunch of idiots who cant hear and dont communicate with each other
,Not Recommended,248610,13802035,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,phannDOTde,"really disapointed; It really gets repetetive and boring rally quik and all so the ""mobile game alike: gain stars per accomplished goal"" mechanic doesnt apeal to me. As an PC gamer I want to play the proposed scenarios but the game I bought doesnt allow me acces to them until grinding through basic minilevels for several hours.regret that I bought it"
76561198038868694,Not Recommended,248610,32701376,Posted: 23 June,all,Oobarsten,"No strategy what so ever.  No matter where you send your men they just auto aim at enemies, while walking backwards towards the waypoint you set, and fire at them.  Maybe this game gets more involved later on, but it seems pretty meh to me."
76561198371968804,Not Recommended,248610,32632387,Posted: 21 June,all,quinlan131,Over Priced
,Not Recommended,248610,33166656,Posted: 2 July,all,Mr. Alexanderp,It's like a ♥♥♥♥♥ier version of a game I already have.  Why would I even pay $3 for it?
76561198038600742,Not Recommended,248610,13516663,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Martin Mystery,"The random placement of enemies after each retry makes this game entirely based on luck, not planning. Furthermore the random chance of bullets hitting their target means that even if you knew where the enemies where they can still kill your squad in seconds."
,Not Recommended,248610,13775514,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,White Power Ranger,"Not worth the extremely high price.I know this is an early access game, however, so I'll probably change this review later. Right now Doorkickers simply looks promising, and is a few steps away from being amazing.1. No enemy AI. I know the enemies will spawn in different places, helping levels' replayability, but enemy AI would help this out even more.2. Simpler controls. They are already pretty simple for such a deep game, but it would help if there were a better tutorial, to help us know what the ""go codes"" mean, and how to use them etc...3. More content. I feel like there isn't enough content. I don't know what content to add though, so disregard this. BLEHim kinda angry i spent $10 on this since the day after bfbc2 got on sale and I had no money left :P"
76561198109780269,Not Recommended,248610,30067858,Posted: 20 February,all,zans,this game is impossible no not because of fair difficultyno not because of any difficultyno not because it is complicatedIt is impossible because1 the soilders never follow your orders the way you want them to2 the soilders are SO STUPID
,Not Recommended,248610,31320723,Posted: 23 April,all,OberLeutnant Rommel,I should have spent the $20 on an icy handjob from brenda the wheelchair hooker
76561197996425216,Not Recommended,248610,25860721,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,jgtogi,This game is awful
,Not Recommended,248610,14376233,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,YekiM,"Ever since the recent update, mods cause the game to not respond on the menu and quit."
76561198101214094,Not Recommended,248610,14518566,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,cartermaloff96,Probably the most frustrating game you will ever play. Complete absense of a tutorial makes even just the very first level impossible to get better than a one star rating on.
,Not Recommended,248610,16451804,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ChrisCarTheMarauder,Constant crashing after downloading a couple mods and just low quality in general. Don't bother.
,Not Recommended,248610,29638646,Posted: 1 February,all,Ganjasaiyajin,cards
,Not Recommended,248610,34190324,Posted: 12 August,all,freakywarlock,Ehh.. 5/10
,Not Recommended,248610,29474809,Posted: 24 January,all,KheL,Terrible. You shouldn't play this even if it's free.
76561198249645034,Not Recommended,248610,30401301,Posted: 8 March,all,camgerb,$20 wtf
76561198079836888,Not Recommended,248610,13130174,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,xćя.DapperestPenguin,"This is not a fun game I played for an hour and a half and it felt like the same thing over and over again and it didn't really throw in very much diversity and even the different objectives felt the same, KILL THE BAD GUYS, and thats it. There is no satisfaction in completing the levels and leveling up to a level where you actually have decent weapons takes forever. Once again I've played for an hour and a half and I'm barley a high enough to unlock the first real class, the assulter and it frankley sucks. So please don't make the same mistake I made in buying this atrocious game."
76561198000917712,Not Recommended,248610,12848101,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,DarknessEyes,2 of 5 stars.This game looks very good but lacks on content...The campaigns are very small...The talent tree is the smallest i ever seen...Good game for 2 hours only... You wil get borred after...
,Recommended,248610,10245552,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Populix,"If you like strategy you should play this. Some of it relies on how the bad guys act, but if you're careful enough you shouldn't lose too many men. Arts fine, sounds good. The workshop is active for it and make good content. I happen to like the Assualt class and the Pointman class. And it's only in Early Access right now but it's great! Buy this, you'll probably enjoy it."
,Recommended,248610,9102988,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,[JRAW] Hadderz1792,More addictive than a cocaine smothered chocolate bar...
76561198072504493,Recommended,248610,9413923,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,n1k0z,"missed this one on release, only found it by looking threw the recent updates. Despite being in aplha a very well polished game. very impressed and well worth the money. Things can only get better!!"
,Recommended,248610,8721551,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Fishyfire,PROBLEM!!!!i open it  i see kill hous picture it starts to fade and then it pauses (one it stats to fade) and then crachesit only worked once ever!!!! on this computer and that was after the problem bet then it hapend again and i want to play this game badlycuz i know it is a great gamehelp ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
76561198040681718,Recommended,248610,8778399,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,blacklotos2000,"For fans of the origional rainbow six, there was nothing more satisfying then watching your team exectute your plan flawlessly.Doorkickers lets me feel that satisfaction again with some very addicting gameplay, customiable usits, ramdomized enemies and  more replayability than you can imagine."
,Recommended,248610,9221201,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Bradd'sPitts,"Tight gameplay, really enjoying each update"
76561197981674708,Recommended,248610,9616959,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Mandark,"I'll make this quick: First of all, as you can see in my final rating, this game is great and shows high potential!I'm saying this because, as of now, the different weapons, equipment or gear in general doesn't seem to make such a big difference on the outcome of a mission. Quite frankly, I didn't even notice that you can customize your squad (except for whom to deploy in a mission) until about the middle of the game! I'd wish to see more impact on the missions based on my setup, etc.Other than that: Bravo ;)"
76561198078455498,Recommended,248610,9638355,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,xxTheEpicDuckxx,Amazing
76561198107647426,Recommended,248610,9638683,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,MilStratSur,"If you like a good tactical kinda' turned based game, because you can pause while you're planning your next move. This game is for you. I mostly play fps games; but, this game has caught my attention and held on to it. I even find myself going through levels in my head thoughout the day.. And, it's still in Alpha.. Only going to get better.. I highly reccomend this game. Tango Down!"
,Recommended,248610,9648154,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Benyano,"Honestly this game is awesome, I recently got it, and love it, I seriously consider it, for any new or old gamer into rts or tactical shooters"
76561198047964966,Recommended,248610,9649527,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,MedicatedWarrior,"This game is a very unique spin off of raids and hostage rescue. It's very plesent to play, the controls are easy to pick up. All the missions will leave you thinking was there a way I could have done that better and thats rare in games today."
76561198089947380,Recommended,248610,9757066,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Sebastian,"I bought this game a little worried; I love it!Devs are awesome, really nice people! (Even when I tried to blag them for a copy of the game engine they made.)Game is self explanatory, go look at some play throughs and what not.Updates happen often, I really have seen a difference over time with this game, such as the graphics, gameplay- and pretty much everything.(Unlike games such as The dead linger and Gun point.)"
,Recommended,248610,10520619,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Tom',"This is the game we all wish the old Rainbow Six had been.As I write this it's still filled with bugs in the later missions, as it is pre-release. But even with THAT it was way worth my money. You'll feel badass as hell controlling your special forces and you'll go insane figuing out the most perfect paths to complete missions as efficiently and quickly as possible.Definitely a solid 7/10, for this cheap it's a no brainer."
,Recommended,248610,10280714,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Sphenix,Amazing game!!
76561198102734097,Recommended,248610,8824411,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Bola Satânica,If you are a old Rainbow Six and SWAT series fan this one is a great game whit a realistic tactical feeling. It's simple but it turns me on.
,Recommended,248610,10360014,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Person Man,This game is rediculously addicting on smart. It looks very simple but reuires real skill to complete. Makes me feel like a SWAT guy.Just one thing: Could you make the stealth troopers a bit more useful? They just seem not to have that much of a benefit over other classes in stealth.
76561198065086782,Recommended,248610,11135821,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Keplar,"this is a fantastic game with a huge amount of potential (not that it already has exceeded all of my expectations). Not only is it an inovative new look on strategic shooters but it is also infinitley replayable due to its procedurally generated levels and access to the steam workshop. I see big things for this game, BIG things!"
,Recommended,248610,11148906,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,AdjectiveNoun,Is very good.
76561198116388254,Recommended,248610,8024990,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,seanflynn87,"needs alot of work, 14.99 is also too much. Could be good with many updates"
,Recommended,248610,7687981,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,Kilo,Great top down tactical game.  Check it out!
76561198033181029,Recommended,248610,8304946,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,BlackHawk,Original Rainbow 6 meets SWAT 2.Still in early ALPHA! Great so far!
,Recommended,248610,8957515,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Noobtubin8er,"Door Kickers is only in an Alpha state right now (version 7 to be exact as I write this), but the game is wonderful. It is one part top-down shooter and 9 parts Rainbow Six with regards to tactics. While the premise is simple, the various maps and the potential for community interaction and future custom maps is astounding. The game is ridiculously addicting and can only get better from here. Do not hesitate to hit the ""buy"" button on this one. Do it, you know you want to."
,Recommended,248610,8972172,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,mustang,"всем, кто скучает по старому SWAT-у рекомендую, игра на стадии альфа только, но уже радует геймплеем. Обещают добавить еще множество ф-ций: прокачка отряда, интеграция лиц в игру, кампания, workshop и т.д."
76561198057252642,Recommended,248610,10560066,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,toadal,pretty fun time and really gets that cool tactile feel of breaching properly. although not yet finished have already played 2+ hours of it and it is defintely good fun
,Recommended,248610,29275739,Posted: 15 January,all,Hilamonsta,An outstanding value.  Great (flash)bang for your buck(shot).
,Recommended,248610,29547741,Posted: 28 January,all,Octavian,"I highly recommend this little gem for fans of tactical strategy games.Door Kickers reminds me a lot of the old SWAT series, which I loved. As you advance, you can equip your officers with better tools, equippment and weapons. Meanwhile the challenges also get harder. Great fun."
76561197997308891,Recommended,248610,29524422,Posted: 27 January,all,mlozina,One of my favorite games. Can drop in for a quick mission or stay for hours. Good replay value as well. Cant wait to see Door Kickers 2.
76561197968837011,Recommended,248610,17246302,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Gegana787,"Such a great small game! I played it on my surface pro 3  on my 8 hrs flight to Tokyo.  Sadly, I do not want to get off the flight because of this game. The touch interface works flawless, and there are so many levels campaign and custom maps that you can create which adds a lot of replayability.Cant wait on my return flight home :)"
76561198168093300,Recommended,248610,17274168,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,kbmcleod64,"Very addicting, lots of maps to choose and there is multiple campaigns to play from. Lots of missions to play very fun game overall."
76561198114721593,Recommended,248610,17277812,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,seven_tee,"Excellent game in every aspect, + for editor and workshop.10/10 would flashbang again."
,Recommended,248610,17291189,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Zombie,"Although the controls ARE a bit cluncky at times, the game overall is super fun. I love going back and watching replays of me kicking some terrorist ***."
,Recommended,248610,17293216,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,ShockCan,"Tried to use the spy camera on a door but the dude kicked it instead.He got killed.8/10In a serious note the game is really good. Sometimes compllicated, but good."
76561198054955848,Recommended,248610,17295142,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Neceris,"Door Kickers is a great tactial game for all fans of the genre, Quick gameplay, intense diffculty and tons of custom content for hours to enjoy over and over, Please to any that love games like arma tactics and breach and clear this is a must have."
,Recommended,248610,18010928,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,vertically sidetracked,I love door kickers it's a great moddable tactical game. I totally recommend it. This game out first was boring but after you understand it the game becomes fun. If I had to rate this game I would give it a 8/10
76561197961232939,Recommended,248610,16504779,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,lpcoolee10,"This is one of the best turn based strategy planning games I have played in a long while. While Frozen Synapse is excellent, and Breach and Clear is brilliant, they're not as much fun (FS), or quite as polished (B&C) as this.This is so much fun. I haven't been able to put it down for a while, and that's saying something, as I just bought The Witcher 3.There is no story, but for what this game is, the strategy element is so clever, and fun. It just keeps getting better and better, with more and more options; and a fantastic skill tree that makes a real difference to the gameplay.For me, this is a 9/10."
,Recommended,248610,17834920,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Beast builds another PC,literally kitterly awesome
,Recommended,248610,17864529,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Hak Enslach,"I bought this game, because I hate doors.I kept it, because it is a great police tactical game reminding me of the days when I played SWAT.You can do missions in real-time, or pause any time while the action is going, or even turn it into something like a turn based game (where your foe does not respect the rules) and command your team from point to point in your own tempo.You make plans before the action, but you are free to modify it according to the events. Or don't plan, just go in & spray and pray (and fail). Enemies are generated procedurally.Guns, shields, armour, tools, classes, names, portraits, callsigns, all can be customised.+ Drugs, bank robbery, hostage situations are included."
76561197979845193,Recommended,248610,17955726,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Romu,"Great top down swat management game, must buy when it's on sale."
76561198015968275,Recommended,248610,17907931,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,AgentDingo,"""ill just have a quick try"" - me 5 hours ago"
76561198084808832,Recommended,248610,18064369,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Blizzard,The best tactical game. Enough said.10/10
,Recommended,248610,18055645,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Mrs. Emma 'Bob' Peel,"Wonderful fun little game that is very addictive and exciting.Well made, keeps you busy for a while."
76561198141384201,Recommended,248610,18052080,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Afrokitsune,"Its a really great game, i love how your able to train and name your own soldiers. Its makes me feel like i can make a legendary soldier unit or something. It randomizes where enemy units are so the tactics and strategy can always change or not. This game forces you to try new strategys in order to become better and faster to complete even tougher street battles and CQB kill houses.P.S: I even made the legendary two soldiers. Their call sign or code name is ""Foxfire and ""Lovelybliss""."
,Recommended,248610,18277613,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Hostile Jesus,This is a great game for playing when you have nothing else to play but it gets boring after about 15 hours.
76561198043922866,Recommended,248610,18298674,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,greatGoD67,"Fun game, watch some videos on youtube, you will probably like it."
,Recommended,248610,18210924,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Michael,It might seem to be an expensive game since this is not very large or complicated after all. But its fun definitely worth the money.
76561198019864181,Recommended,248610,18127310,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,The Grand Duke,"I bought this game about 3 days ago and look what it done to me:D This is a solid game and with the guns( IOV is a must, SOP IOV is having some type of issues it froze the game once you downloaded), sound mods it helps improve the game so much more. The only con that this game have is during big maps you can barely see your guys, you can try to zoom in, but it doesnt help one bit. Over all this game deserved 10/10"
,Recommended,248610,18181071,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Jonno,"Strategy, Tactics and Hardcore Action are required to execute missions. Its a 2D Rainbow Six Seige"
,Recommended,248610,17761064,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Komplexikos ( Όχι Πολύ ),I just like this game.
76561198222733672,Recommended,248610,25809034,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,LOLguy123,this is game is amazing yes it can be hard at first but the gameplay is amazing the planning is fun and seeing your master plan work feels great 10/10
76561197972221116,Recommended,248610,17000286,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Tungsten,If you miss tactical in todays games this is what you are looking for.Worth the buy!
76561198001433609,Recommended,248610,17015948,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,McFjottolf,Really Awesome game. Reminds me of some of the early Rainbow Six games with tactical planning. This one is a bit more casual and the tactical elements are a lot simpler. The controls can also sometimes be a bit awkward and inaccurate (mainly because the controls are a bit simple). Still it got me really hooked and the gameplay is really good.
76561197965695970,Recommended,248610,17314970,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,TurtleFlipper,Wicked little game worth full price even though I got it at discount.
76561198063570798,Recommended,248610,18472507,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,D. Jankovic,"I simply love this game, love the tactical aspect of it, love the controls, easy to master, hard to get trough the maps, a lot of stuff to do, and including the workshop, this game is all yours load up what you want and do it how you want love the games witch don't hold your hand."
76561198075201786,Recommended,248610,18376528,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Combine Elite,"Door Kickers is fun,hard,and involves alot of strategy. But I think the consept of multiplayer in this game would be epic! Kinda like many other multiplayer games but instead 2D strategy,mods,ETC. Just alot of cool stuff but in conclusion I think multiplay would be anyother awsome reason to buy the game. :D"
76561198094649837,Recommended,248610,18390333,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Jekyl,great game. I have been playing from alpha stage. Killhouse games actually listens to players and responds. Awesome game from an awesome team.
76561198242087996,Recommended,248610,18415114,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Dreamix99,This Game is Very Rock
76561198140844424,Recommended,248610,18607462,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,robert.jamieson,Good for a quick play bit of fun. Gets better when you start to be able to upgrade your men.
,Recommended,248610,18592927,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,khan_artist[9000],amazing. simple easy to pick up and play type of game with plenty of depth. if you like strategy and tectical♥♥♥♥♥♥get this.
,Recommended,248610,18724688,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Junpei,"More ""Rainbow Six"" than Vegas and Vegas 2...and I'm pretty sure Siege as well. Doorkickers is a real-time/turn-based tactical strategy game where you can do all of the planning you loved in R6 1-3. Great mechanics, good interface, good graphics, plenty of loadout options..everything is pretty much top-notch perfection. The game DOES have its own identity, but for now, it's as close to a good R6 installment as you're going to get. The only improvements I can think of are adding a great multiplayer mode, and being able to control operatives directly, but, this isn't Rainbow Six, this is Doorkickers. Buy it, play it, love it. 10/10"
,Recommended,248610,18780186,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,doubleqHY?,Counter Strike+ Endless War+ Wonderful Mods = A great game. Easily worth the dough.
76561198064834163,Recommended,248610,18463840,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,BadBeezy02 вяυн вяυн,Game is fun until you beat it.Also the new update broke the workshop weapons like they cost 40 stars plus and if you beat the game you cant even get that many stars.
76561197987939750,Recommended,248610,18977627,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,SenseiRemo,Its one of those rare one more go games that turns into several hours later. A brilliant tactical game with a real edge to the way it plays.
,Recommended,248610,17832402,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,jubjubj,"Door Kickers - Good, in a punch your screen kind of way.I quite like Door Kickers, it's a pretty fun tactical game with some basic in reality. I found using realistic tactics really does help complete the missions however that doesn't mean it'll work every time. The game isn't without it's downsides, I often found myself wondering why I was only allowed two SWAT officers to raid a massive building full of hostages but I guess it's supposed to add to the challenge? I first brought this game before the existance of doctrines and when all weapons where free, I found the update to be pleasant to begin with as it gave you something to work towards however again, I soon found myself questioning the logic to it all. Why aren't my officers allowed the tools they need for the job? Why am I taking a sqaud of undertrain and inexperienced officers in to this highly dangerous situation? So yes, the game is damn frustrating at times but that's all part of the experience I suppose. There is nothing quite like trying over and over again to get that perfect run, quick, clean and without injury's. I often found that even if the game made me rage quit I'd be back on it minutes after trying to best myself. If you like tactical games then this is definatly one for you - if you can look past all it's minor annoyances."
,Recommended,248610,17523194,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,adii,Great game with flawed ui
76561198029236755,Recommended,248610,15586611,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,DragonIroh,"Recommended but needs work.Door Kickers is a fun, simple game of strategy and planning. You get the layout of the house you're assaulting, plan each troopers' route, including throwing flashbangs, securing evidence and breaching doors, then hit Action, and watch as your plan unfolds. It is extremely satisfying to watch your plan be executed perfectly.There are a few things that need to be worked out, however. Planning a trooper's movement requires the use of waypoints, where you order the trooper to look a certain direction, open a door, or use one of their gadgets. Once you've placed a waypoint and moved on to the next one, you are limited in your editing abilities. You can either delete the waypoint or change the action, but youcannot movethe waypoint. Also, if you delete one waypoint, it will delete all proceeding waypoints as well. So if you make a mistake early on, your whole route has to be redone. This makes editing the route very difficult and time consuming.Currently, you cannot export a replay on Mac."
76561198066129122,Recommended,248610,16517424,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,regular14,1. Rush In.2. Die.3. Restart.10/10
,Recommended,248610,16278194,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Robinson™,"This game is pretty much a top down Breach & Clear, but so much better. (for this kind of Genre)Story: 5/10 (Pretty basic)Graphics: 7/10Gameplay: 9/10Overall: 7/10"
,Recommended,248610,16333315,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Cip,"Bought because of Swat 4 nostalgia, liked for the challenging gameplay, recommended because of endless replay value."
,Recommended,248610,13792631,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,JoeyWah,"Nostalgic for the days of tactical shooters? Do you remember all the time you spent in the planning stage of rainbow six? Meticulously developing a plan to whipe out all terrorists? Well this game is for you.  A RTWP overhead tactical shooter where you can control each member of the team individualy, . This isn't a mindless power trip shooter, you have to use tactics an planning if you want to come out alive. While most AAA industries are pumping out CoD clones, it's great to find a slower, smarter game."
,Recommended,248610,16357545,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Zazzle,I found this game to be alot of fun. My only regret is i bought it 2 days beore the sale... In my opinion the game isnt worth 19.99 but that is just me.
,Recommended,248610,16399373,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,NinjaSkill13,"This is the most cool tactical game i have ever played!The style of main menu is awesome, the graphics are quite good too and they didnt forget about anything in the gameplay mechanics! JUST BUY IT!!!!"
,Recommended,248610,17408013,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Cop Killer,"It's the good part of the original Rainbow Six games. I can't make any jokes because this game is too good for that. Get it, it's great."
76561198062254950,Recommended,248610,17417036,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Goosey,Beauty game if you like getting frustrated and end up running around wrecking with one team member cause the rest are dead. Can be fun if you do it right and plan it out like youre supposed to!
,Recommended,248610,17112552,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Operatorkin,Fantastic Tactics game.
,Recommended,248610,18369458,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Adolf Jr.,Door Kickers is so fun you won't believe it.
76561198058514505,Recommended,248610,19549953,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Killreaperz,"Brilliant game of strategy where you combine logic, practice, and planning abilities to come out victorious"
,Recommended,248610,19570922,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Lord Ostrich Panzerulfr (人狼),Lots of fun and pretty great set up. Mods really allow for an increase in content like weapons and gear that one might find missing. I will say that mapping can be rather time consuming and that there are some missed opportunities for refinement between the PC and tablet versions where you really feel like you're playing a tablet game on a PC. Its exciting and tons of fun and the developers and community are really supportive and you will soon find yourself spending hours trying to get things just right! 9/10
76561198119798643,Recommended,248610,19439036,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,MiniHammMN,"This game is awesome. It has it's flaws though, mostly when you lose a fully armored trooper to a mac-10 for sure. The response time on some of the troops could be better for sure though. Otherwise i enjoy this game its fun to see, once you've completed a level, where the enemies were and try to do it with less troopers or with different kinds of troopers. It keeps it original. Also a lot of the levels the game provides are not ""set"" per say, they have random spawn locations and spawn amounts on some of them where the enemy may be around the corner on one run and another there's two or they're not there at all. Also the gun mods on the community make playing extra random generated levels that much better, as it challenges you to unlock those guns first, then try them out in a new map and see their performance.10/10 great buy"
76561198052504457,Recommended,248610,19399039,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Brandon_Lee,"14 / 10.How does it work:1. Gear your team.2. Learn the map: approaches, tight spots, possible terrorist locations etc.3. Create a perfect plan.4. Press 'Space'.5. Watch your team die.If you know what I mean - this game is for you.If you're R6 fan (and I mean *TRUE* R6 - Black Thorn, Raven Shield...) - I bet you'll love the game too.Else - don't even bother..."
,Recommended,248610,19399426,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,MoonRupt,"Good little tactical game. The levels are very self-contained, so in my opinion this game is ideal as a quick time killer.The UI is simple and consistent. Using a tablet or touchscreen would add value to the controls, but they are quite fluid with a mouse nevetheless.The leveling and equipment systems allow for some gameplay variety, while achievements contribute with replayability. You can plan your actions carefully, or sometimes go Rambo when impatient haha."
,Recommended,248610,19403410,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Giannis Antetokounmpo,8.9/10 Military and Strategy is a good combination but it really does need multiplayer
,Recommended,248610,19401650,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Charlii,A must have!
76561197980910314,Recommended,248610,19442997,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,RAPEinator,Plan. Be killed. Plan again. Win and watch replays.10/10
,Recommended,248610,14548514,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,SKAYSCRM,learn me how to plan before jump in actionthey said it's best tactic and they're truefor my personal 9/10
76561198011255685,Recommended,248610,14551941,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,[AlBull] Trumpeltier,"Kicked doors, breached doors, ran into houses holding doors.Also yelled at terrorists and saved hundreds of lifes, but that's beside the point.Do recommend!"
,Recommended,248610,14552796,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,sjcbcolby,"Door kickers is a fantastic top down shooter, but not quite like every other one.What sets door kickers apart is its almost 'blueprint' type of plan and play. The base of the game is you have a squad of customizable soldiers that you must guide through a small area in a strategic way while taking as few casualties as possible and comleting the objective. The objectives range from anything from saving hostages, to disarming bombs, to simply killing every enemy and more.How to command each soldier is relatively simple, click and drag a path for them to follow. If you want to get fancy you can even right click and drag an arrow to where you want them to look at different points on the path making for effective straffing manuvers. You must plan your path carefully because you are not given the location of your enemies and therefore it pays to be strategic. If you do futz it up, there is a pause button that you can activate anytime durring the mission and replan your squads next move.Obtaining new equipment for your soldiers is like other games with a progression system. as you progress you get points to spend on new equipment such as heavier bullet-proof vests, new weapons, riot shields, etc.Although the customization may make the game seem unfair and favor you, it counters that by giving you a ton of enemies or the satisfaction of knowing that you planned just right. For example, if there's a room of 10 enemy soldiers right in front of you and you only have 4 guys, you're not going to send them all in with ligh armour and tiny pistols. What you can do is customize your squad to have heavy armour, have 2 swap out their primary weapons for riot shields, and the others to carry assault riffles and stack up on each other providing heavy fire and protection in the trade off for mobility and a quick trigger finger. It's these trade offs that make the difference in how you plan and make the strategic aspect of the game very inportant.There is also a skill tree menu for your soldiers. Along with unlocking new equipment you can 'train' your team to give them boosts such as aiming faster, more accurately, following up with a second shot to make sure the enemy is dead, hold their fire for those who like to be stealthy, and so on and so forth.The game also has a number of little things it will throw in from time to time to help it feel a little more 'real'. This includes an uncertain amount of baddies on many levels, 'cause who knows if they called for back up of not? You occasionally get a sniper friend to help you because back up never hurt you either (in fact, it seems a little overpowered, but I'm not complaining). Your soldiers CAN die! After all those missions you go through together, all the promotions they've earned, all the gear you've given them, and they just one day *pew pew* and you just have to sit there for a minute wondering why you were so foolish and sent your commerade out into a blaze of fire and know you lost the best soldier on your team *sniffle sniffle*. (Quietly whispers) ""He was so young..."" Ok, now back to what I was saying. You must also tell your crew to reload because contrary to many games, you don't just majically know when to reload, you first have to walk into enemy fire, pull the trigger, realize you're out of ammo, and get shot in the midst of reloading because you forgot to tell your poor soldier to reload. This isn't to forget that there is a cover system in the game. If you can pull out and behind a barrel to give yourself adequate cover for a moment, it could really save you in a pinch, and if you're like me, give an oppertunity to reload. Before I get too far off topic I should mention that you do gain new soldiers back ofter a few missions, they may grow on trees in this game, but that doesn't mean it's an instant replacement.Door Kickers also assists you by adding stealth mechanics also (but let's be honest, guns aren't the quietest things).The line of sight really is your best friend in this game because as long as you can intrude it by hiding behind a door or something (Are you happy now? I mentioned doors just like you were waiting for), you can use this to help get into a good spot to take down the enemy from all sides, or over all to your advantage depending on the plan. In adition to the line of sight, you should also try to be relatively quiet unless you bring out the big guns. This is thanks to a small sound system they threw in so you can't simply blow up doors and have ever enemy go ""Hey, you hear something?"" and the other guy say ""Nah, it's probably just the wind"" *cough* skyrim *cough*.Now although It's easy to slip up (like me) and forget to reload (like me) and get your people killed (like me), your not completely hopeless. The fix to being an idiot (guess like who? yup, like me) is to add a somewhat self sufficent AI, so if your soldier runs into a tough spot or gets shot by someone out of their line of sight, they can do things like turn to them and shoot them, or if they're heavily armoured and can take a few hits to buy some time before dying and their clip ran out, they will try to reload it. Although it may not seem like it, this small bit of AI that can help take care of little things can really help win a mission.Now, finally you say, ""Okay, I beat the game, what now?"" Well, the good people that made this game thought of that and have little side objectives such as complete a level without causualties ot in a certain time frame or something to help add some play time. When you finish with that there's even more. They even threw in a random map generator to add even more hours of play. You just have to put in what you want, things such as: nuber of enemies, map size, if you want fog of war, etc. and out pops a map for you. Pretty nice, huh?Given that the game is called Door Kickers, you may be reading this and say ""Hey, what's with the lack of busting down doors?"" and so this goes out to you. You can:-pick the lock-use a crowbar-C4-Blast if open with a shot gun-open it and chuck a grenade through-make a sound to lure the baddies and have them open it for you-whatever else you can think of doing, you got options, be creative and knock yourself out.Rating: 9/10Very solid experience in my time, try not to run directly into a house full of enemies and you should be pretty set. The progression system isn't a favorite of mine and the line of sight can be weird sometimes, but hey, it's not half bad."
,Recommended,248610,14552835,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Soviet,"This game has proven to be a really good game. You may not play 100s of hours do to the limited Official content, but that doesn't mean you won't play. You'll play for a good chuck of your time and this game has gotten me hooked so far. If you like real-time strategy games and a real challenge with Ironman Campaign Mode (unlocked at level 6 after doing singleplayer missions) you'll love this game.8/10- Highly recommended."
,Recommended,248610,14553023,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,29hunnit,"I have always liked top-down shooters, like Door Kickers. I think this is a fair, fun, but very challenging game. I almost raged at campaign chapter 2 level 2. Door Kickers engages the brain to make split-second (Most of the time life dependent) decisions. I saw almost no bugs. One thing I do have a problem with is the price. Yes, this game is fun and exciting. However I do not believe it is worth $20. Overall I would rate this game 7.5/10."
76561197981435949,Recommended,248610,14572126,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Sir Chiveshallot,"What a delightful find. The game is focussed around programming your SWAT team to quickly navigate a variety of environments and compelte set missions. It requires you to think about moving as a team and to take advantage of the unique features of each team member. The game uses an addictive upgrade system to keep you motivated to progress. If you like games like Rainbow 6 or SWAT, then you'll probably find this worth the money."
76561198011484192,Recommended,248610,14552517,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,[SF] Jaydo,"Mixed feelings about it so far. I put 3 of my men to face one door. The criminal comes out of the door and guns down two of my men with a machine gun before he gets taken down. I almost uninstalled the game then and there. AI seem to have problems, like instead of throwing a flash grenade into the doorway they will throw it at the wall in front of them bouncing back in their face.The replayability is good with random mission generation and a map maker..I like how when you are in a campaign, if your men get injured they stay injured for a while but if you get out of the campaign and go a random mission, it passes the time so that when you go back into campaign, your men are healed up. The action is fluid and the gaining of experience is not restricted to one specific game type.Also it is still the only thing today that reminds me of the good old Rainbow Six and GRAW. In fact there is a mod that just makes it straight Rainbow Six."
76561197967648644,Recommended,248610,14568349,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Redeye7,"This game is a tactical dream. Brutal, unforgiving, but never making you want to go away. You want more. The persistent squad levelling mechanic added a whole new dimension. I wish there were more campaigns (official ones) but i'm sure more will be coming. Bottom line, buy it if you like tactical simulations. Now."
,Recommended,248610,14543071,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,hlr,Step 1: Plan ahead the whole mission!Step 2: Execute the mission!Step 3: Feel yourself like a tactical mastermind!10/10
,Recommended,248610,14537616,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,dbs1crew,"Great game! I've always enjoyed the planning of tactical operations. This game kind of reminds me of the early Rainbow Six games where you would plan where your teams would insert, set way points, arcs of fire, and exfil. Very enjoyable! Would love to see a designated marksman class for some  semi long range over watch. Overall great game and very fun!"
,Recommended,248610,14525929,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,RYnx,"if i say yes it's a yes! grab it while on sale, a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 20mins gameplay alr make me ♥♥♥♥♥♥ excited, i want more of this type of game, and breaching terrorist houses is a lot of fun!10/10 must have game in library!ps: it also have mission editor which mean, u create ur own gameplay."
,Recommended,248610,14527529,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Crunchynut,Best tactical shooter strategy game of all time.Seriously
76561197966092532,Recommended,248610,14531269,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,GeorgeFourman,"The most fun I've had in a while. RAINBOW SIX MOD. Door Kickers is a top-down strategy games where you control little guys in smart ways. They have guns, save the things, the things die, or the thing does not explode. This is how you win. You can create maps FULL of things and have lots of fun. This game is really cool and for 14 dollars there really isnt much to complain about. There is a basic talent tree that somes up to which weapon you want which little guy to use and how you utilize it. You can customize your team in a boatload of ways. I like this game. You might too."
76561198078082448,Recommended,248610,14532019,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,^6 BOONK GANG,Lets just say im devorced now......
76561198164057449,Recommended,248610,14657569,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,DRDOOMETERNAL,FUN GAME!
76561198057017822,Recommended,248610,14642482,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,=DI= Bastion,ITs awesome
,Recommended,248610,14642701,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Budgie,"One of the best tactical games I have ever played. For an overhead 'god' sort of game, this is the best one out there. Combined with levelling up, customising andcontrolling your troopers, the pause/unpause, GO codes and dynamic breaching methods and manouvers this is definently a game worth investing in. Recent updates include lots more challenging maps and campaigns that will keep you hooked for ages. There isn't the same way to complete a mission twice, every time you start a mission, the enemy, hostages and possibly even the bomb change positions, allowing for hours of ever changing fun. Definently a game worth buying, worth every cent. 10/10. Hats off to Killhouse Games."
,Recommended,248610,14589199,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,onion,"Doesn't work for me but I can't hate on it for that =/MAKE SURE YOUR LAPTOP HAS A SUPPORTED CARD, mine's too old and I'm too broke :/"
,Recommended,248610,14635726,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,zemm,"Personally one of the best games in a while. Grinding a perfect game out of this took 44 hours, playing just about every day. And immediately after that, I'm already missing it. It did not start to feel boring or repetitive at any point.There are multiple ways to play this according to your mood. You can carefully (and sometimes a bit tediously) plan out the entire mission, and then relax while watching it success or fail, after which you can adjust it for a rerun. If you don't feel like planning, you can go ad-hoc blasting away in real time, merely pausing in some tight spots.There are some annoyances in the planning, but nothing deal breaking. Addictive game that is fun, quick and easy to start and play a couple of maps - and then a couple more.In the achievements point of view, I liked the fact that achieving everything takes a lot of work, but is eventually accomplishable by anyone. Waiting for added campaign, or better yet, Door Kickers 2 <3 (there is community content for now)"
76561198089372253,Recommended,248610,14580293,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Mordin,breddy gud geam
76561198074649153,Recommended,248610,20310458,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,"Should Be Set To ""W"" For Wumbo","This is one of those games you can either pick up and play casualy, or sit down and try hard. Either way, its always fun. This is one of my favorite games of all time, but I would still suggest waiting for a sale, as it can go for very cheap at certain times."
,Recommended,248610,20312668,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Dahhveed,"Highly entertaining, makes you want to kick in the next door and secure the area!"
,Recommended,248610,20283726,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Crazycaptain,So much depth from what I just played.  I know I will get much gameplay!!!
,Recommended,248610,20277158,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Selekos,"Good tactical game with simple control, were you will find a lot of maps, campains and missions. So basically big replay value.Sometimes even with best tactics you will need pure luck to win, but it's a minor flaw, and you can always reset mission. :>"
76561198217609600,Recommended,248610,20233131,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,BlackR1900,"It is a very , very good game."
76561198038894498,Recommended,248610,20615287,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Griffin,Brilliant
76561198029213580,Recommended,248610,20656987,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Naked Buffalo,Such a beautifully simple and elegant game that doesn't have a problem taking 24 hours at a time away from you. You'll wonder where time went as you go back and try to refine your strategies and earn better scores.The momentum is kept adrift with hassle-free modding capability and good support for it as well.Can't wait for the next installment!
76561198023011232,Recommended,248610,20673763,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,zengtian201,绝逼超酷的战术策略游戏，反恐精英2D版，绝对值得这个价
76561198107046898,Recommended,248610,20704500,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Mr.StealUrBitch,Fockin' great m8!
,Recommended,248610,20739817,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,951Jimbo,"There are very few negative reviews for this game, and that is for good reason.  If you want a tactical swat game this is pretty good.I was excited to play it after a foray into Breach and Clear, which I thought was very good. This game is better in that the pacing is a little faster.  But everything else, IMO, is worse than what you will get with Breach and Clear.  The graphics here aren't great, which is a given since it's a tablet game.  The sound isn't great either; and the animations are clumsy at best.  The controls also feel a little imprescise, having my officer face the wrong way is common.Still, it's not a bad game, and I think most people will have fun."
,Recommended,248610,20245252,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,The Salty Survivor,"Door Kickers is a game about commanding 2 to 8 armed officers, and fighting randomly generated terrorists through premade maps.This game's controls are simple and easy to understand, but can also provide the ability to execute advanced commands and the ability to co-ordinate your team.There are 5 classes to choose from, I have unlocked only 4 at the time of writing this review, and I can say that the shield has served me practically no use, although the other 3 classes (Pointman, Assaulter, Breacher) have proved most useful and indespensible aspects of a successful team.The way of customizing loadouts is using a currency called stars. You unlock these stars by completing missions and completing certain criteria, the criteria to earn a full three stars are to not lose a single unit and to score a time below the limit given. This must not be confused with a speedrun, as the game can be paused and tactics and actions can be prepared in the paused state, ready to be performed when the game is running again. 15 seconds ingame can become a whole minute if you pause a lot.However, if you spend your stars on bad weapons, or on one class alone, you may find yourself in a whole that you dug yourself into, and I thoroughly dislike the randomly generated terrorists, and I found my troops sometimes turning their back to danger despite my orders.(Edit 1) In the campaigns, which are a series of missions in which soldiers are perminently KIA for the duration of it if lost, I have found that soldiers that are killed are lost, and their stat gains from promotions are also lost. This adds a benefit to not just going ham and sending all of your men in to be slaughtered, which is always a plus for an RTS.But overall, I would recommend this game, I felt like quite a badass.And if you need an arbitrary rating, it gets my 8/10."
,Recommended,248610,20598536,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Angularityッ,"Ignore the time Steam says I have played. I have played about 14 hours of the game overall, most of it done offline while I was traveling.Similar to: Hotline Miami, Rainbow Six 3, SWAT 4Pros-Simple controls that anyone can pick up.-Can be played with one hand.-Game mechanics may be simple, but allow for extremely complex strategies to be played out.-Versetile level editor.-Lots of content in the game, hundreds of standalone missions ranging in difficulty, as well as a handful of campaigns lasting 1 to 2 hours each.-Randomized mission generator.-Scenario Variety-Perfect game to play on a laptop if you have a mouse.-Officer and Squad progression. (new skills, weapons, and classes to unlock)-Pause and play allows you to assess the situation on an action by action basis, giving the player time to think and plan.-Good soundtrack.-Playing with your own music/podcast in the background takes nothing away from the game.Cons-Enviroments can get repetitive. (The level design is varried, I'm talking about the way they look)-Controls don't work well when trying to play in real time.-Some of the bigger levels can get tedious, especially if you are stuck looking for the last enemy, hostage, bomb, etc.-How fast your guys react to getting shot at is random at times.-Steath is underdeveloped.ConclusionThis is the most fun I have had in an RTS ever. This is coming from someone who doesn't really like RTS games. I decided to give this game a shot, mainly because I am a fan of squad based Tactical FPS's (Swat 4 and Arma 3 being my favorites) and this game shared the same concepts. Overall, the game is accessible, but still has the complexity to please seasoned RTS verterans.Recommended to: Players who are looking for an accessible game that has a challenging tactical experience that does not rely on clunky UI or twitch shooting.9 out of 10"
76561198055863344,Recommended,248610,20728792,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,LionZ,One of the best games ever. I waas waiting for a good tactical cop game like this ever since Swat 4. I wasn't sure at first but it is heaps fun.
,Recommended,248610,20717123,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Chef♂,Amazing game... the only thing preventing this game from perfection is the poor UI which needs to be patched
,Recommended,248610,20771703,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,4wake,"Fantastic game. Definitely a timesink, albeit only for a short while. I would've liked to see more depth. There's no illusions about what you're buying, so there's that."
,Recommended,248610,20675358,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,drakej24,"Doorkickers is an amazing tactical game, If you like anything involving police/swat tactics, buy this now."
,Recommended,248610,20686705,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,IM NEW,"Great game if you like tactical games, if you like them but don't know how to play them you get punished hard, I played this alot on the iPad and I have to say it's quite the game."
76561198012477238,Recommended,248610,20779936,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,mastergun,"Took some time to figure out why my original squad would die and not return after a mission.  Other than that weird mechanic, the game is rather enjoyable and a well done squad tactics style of gameplay."
,Recommended,248610,20874667,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Varanus Abelii,"This game is like your girlfriend, you will love it, it's fun and enjoyable but can suddenly stress your sh*t out because of one tiny mistake.8/10 Tango down."
76561198228135344,Recommended,248610,19775369,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Fractal Form,Love This Game! Tactics Swat
,Recommended,248610,15510659,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Jar Jar Binks,Learned how to kick doors.
,Recommended,248610,15511292,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Kanelbulle,"Unique and interesting take on the tactical shooting genre.When starting out it can be a bit frustrating learning all the controls and best ways to utilise each squad member, but after a few levels you'll start to get the hang of it. The turning point for me was taking my time, playing slower and testing out different tactics using flashbangs and the other door breaching methods.Once you get the hang of things and play a bit you'll end up unlocking more guns and classes, making you an even more lethal tactical force to be reckoned with."
,Recommended,248610,15511939,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Pseudothei,If these combat mechanics were used for a Syndicate or Jagged Alliance game (in spirit) it would rock even more. Very good as it is.
76561198083964279,Recommended,248610,15512253,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,[RG] spilledpizza,"Doorkickers. The name says it all. If you like strategy (or just going on to workshop and finding the most ridiculous thing for your SWAT team to use) then this is the game for you. You kick down the door, shoot people, and that's pretty much it. You can either play it as you go or plan it out right from the start. The game is really optomized to let you time things perfectly, and things that are a little iffy you can easily fix with a couple of workshop mods. It's 50% off when I'm writing this and I think even at its full $20 price its worth a look at."
,Recommended,248610,15513164,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Derk,Kicked a door in...10/10 IGN
76561198145225331,Recommended,248610,15519732,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,S1lenos,"A really awesome tactics game. With a nice mixture of (really a lot of!) tactics, character progress, unlockable objects and an endless amount of maps absolutely worth the money.The general gameplay (tactical planning of mission, execution) is always quite the same, but the very high difficulty and the complex tactical planning that is often needed are still fun after many hours."
,Recommended,248610,7745087,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,charliesierra,"Love the concept of this game. It reminds me a lot of the first Rainbow 6 game back in the late 90's but from a top down view. I played the heck out of that game back in the day. There is some great nostalgic feelings for me when I boot this one up. It's great to see the continued project like development as part of early access. If you liked the old Rainbow 6 or Ghost Recon games but always wanted to see your dudes from above in a strategic environment, this is the one for you."
,Recommended,248610,15440892,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,TechyWhite,"this game is actually pretty hard! thats what makes it fun though.  Personally though i like breach and clear a little bit better. Still a good game though, likem both 7/10"
,Recommended,248610,15644579,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,cgoz,"Proper specop tactical strategy,no brainer, just buy it."
,Recommended,248610,15638200,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,General Henri Guisan,"This is a cool game for all rainbow six players, strategist or all these that want to join the swat...It is fun an makes you forget the time, it may be realy chalenging by time."
76561197970384883,Recommended,248610,15641838,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,FHDA,82%
,Recommended,248610,15596279,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,gameebr,Awesome game!
76561197991647254,Recommended,248610,15525656,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Seb,Fun and well done.
,Recommended,248610,15527349,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Badgerspin,"If you enjoyed the hands-off planning portion of Rainbow 6 (original one and Rogue Spear), then this game is for you. One could call it a clone in that aspect, but it's a nice fresh take on the concept. Also, you don't have the warrior God that is Ding Chavez."
76561198081184946,Recommended,248610,15293453,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,alanthebest97,"ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC GAME !! Its the strategy game you have been waiting for, just buy it !!"
,Recommended,248610,15393637,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Teddy Bear,Fun little game. Perfect for modding. Get the real gun sounds mod for a treat for the ears.
76561197980416481,Recommended,248610,15477050,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Sir Godefroy le Hardi,"Very nice and rich tactical squad game ! You will take control of a SWAT team and have save hostages, difuse bombs or kill ennemies in close quarter environment. The gameplay is very rich and efficient. You will have a lot of fun at playing it. This is more than a die and rety simply,This game will ask you to recognize tactics and planning of the assault. You can assign different teamroles to the unit like assault, breacher, shield... and choose your gear (rifles, guns, equipments) The longevity is big with plenty of different missions with ennemies locations changing each time. This is a very good bought I've done and for the prce you can not regret it. In this style I do not know better game !Ce jeu est une super pioche. Le contrôle d'une escouade SWAT dans les environnements urbains vous demandera, voire exigera, de la planification et du bon sens dans l'assaut. Les scénarii et missions sont très nombreux et le gameplay très intéressant bien que simple. Vraiment je ne regrette pas cet achat. Super dans le genre tactique/stratégie !"
,Recommended,248610,15477723,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Rory Rides Me Raw,"Every now and then, a game comes along and fills a gap in the market that I didn't really know needed to be filled - Door Kickers is one such game. Inspired in no small part by the planning phases of late 1990s Tom Clancy games, Door Kickers is a thought provoking adrenaline rush of anti-terrorism action-puzzles.There's two ways you can play Door Kickers. You can either take advantage of the ability to pause & issue commands in real time, edging your way through a level one command at a time, carefully assessing your options before pushing onwards... Then there's the right way - You plan everything from the get go. One continuous stream of commands that'll see your trooper(s) go from room to room, checking their corners and, hopefully, never leaving themselves open to an ambush. The sense of accomplishment from laying down a perfect plan that requires no tweaking after the mission starts is pretty special, and adds so much challenge to the game that you'll be entertained for hours and hours.Levels vary wildly from simple elimination jobs, to bomb defusal, hostage rescue, and evidence gathering. No two levels are the same, and thanks to the numerous ways to approach each, there's potentially no limit to replayability. Replayability is also helped by a multi-tier challenge system & a pretty strong community modding scene. The in-game custom level generator makes designing & sharing levels with others really simple, and it's fun to see how challenging a level can actually be when designed by someone other than a sensible developer.Character variety is a-plenty as the game has a generous amount of specialized classes & customization, along with veterancy rewards and dedicated fighting styles. Completing campaign levels in the best possible way will require a well rounded squad of multiple talents, but be warned - Death is permanent in campaign modes, and it's possible to lose a talented officer in just one poor move.It's not all great, though. Music & voice acting is less than mediocre, while the graphics are pretty much just fit for purpose. There could also be very slight improvements to mission planning, but the developers have proven their intent to better the game, and it's by no means bad right now - It just could be a little better, that's all.Overall, Door Kickers is a resounding recommendation. A collection of standalone tactical puzzles, campaigns & UGC, all wrapped in an attractive enough package with amazing character customization & challenges galore. If you're in any way  intrigued, then jump in without hesitation."
76561198068289536,Recommended,248610,15488858,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,AndersonCouncil,Wow - what a great game! Really simple to learn and control but hard to master - the best kind of game!I love the look and feel of the game and how each time the levels change which adds to the challenge and avoids it becoming predictable.10/10
76561197965999359,Recommended,248610,15652400,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,DeSeppe,"Awesome tactical game that's easy to learn but stays challenging. Great for when you just need a break for a couple of minutes or to play hours on end saying ""just one more level..."""
,Recommended,248610,23176536,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Kirk,"super fun top down draggy game, 10/10"
,Recommended,248610,23935256,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Alex Jones,"This is Hotline Miami from the mirror universe, slow, you're a bunch of cops, dull coloring, but still plenty fun."
,Recommended,248610,23938140,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Nacho,"Absoltely recommended. It is incredible how a simple game like this can be so addictive. So yes, buy this game and enjoy A LOT."
,Recommended,248610,30809337,Posted: 29 March,all,King Prof,"If you Want to get great replayability, enjoy planning and excuting complex plans, see replays and want to export those excellent plan to others, This game is just for you."
76561198143234593,Recommended,248610,23999440,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,updog,Play as the police AI from holine miami
,Recommended,248610,10194791,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,kingbrunies,"This game is great.  If you like being tactical and moving through buildings like a real S.W.A.T. team then this is a game for you.  This game also reminds me of a game I used to play called S.W.A.T. 3, but this game throws in an FTL like vide with it.  High recommend.  Also had great replayability."
,Recommended,248610,10199929,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,WesleySmalls,"Old Rainbow Six/SWAT, with a bit of Hotline Miami goes FTL.Well, that's a rather weird explanation of the game. In sense, it is a top-down fast paced tactical shooter. You don't really ""play"" a person, but rather manage the operation as a overseer. You control an (I assume), SWAT team and plan their movement through various buildings. It shares the pausing of time to plan your move much like FTL does. The way you ravage your team through the environment has quite a lot of similarity with Hotline Miami.The game is really enjoyable and rather fast paced, with short levels(think 30 second operations). Getting it right at first requires a bit of effort and can be challenging, but once you get the hang of it it becomes very enjoyable and pleasing to see your planned route work.The game is in Beta, but for it's state it is very, very featured. Everything regarding planning and working out your entry seems to be there, including loadouts. Outside of that, there still seems to be still a bit less game but I am sure that will change in the future.Reaction to sound seems a bit lacking, and your team seems to lack own thought. They will happely ignore a gunshot next to their head when they haven't spotted the hostile or if the hostile isn't on your path. This is in contrast with the hostiles, which seem to be having much better ears.It's a really fun game and already feels to be worth the price."
76561198100051629,Recommended,248610,10201056,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,joeyqpr,A brilliant game with easy to learn and use controls. Extremley tactical and makes you feel like a total badass. The gameplay is extremley smooth for a game of this style. The graphics are well-chosen and styled for the game despite not being entirely beautiful (It would ruin the game if they were).Really just a 10/10 in every way. I can't wait to see what critics say.
,Recommended,248610,7404499,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,Squid Squid,Kick down doors in a most satisfying way! Feels awesome when everything goes right.
76561198031329309,Recommended,248610,10082074,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,spirits84,"Graphics is good, no bugs that I can see. The only gripe I have is that there is no tutorials beyond the basic 3 slides in the game. I know the devt mentioned that there is no point doing a tutorial at this stage, but it does make the game rather steep to learn.But there is nothing more satisfying than to see your planned mission go off smoothly once you figured out the basics.I do wish that the characters would not moving into the room before the flashbang go off though...And the stopping the hostage execution scenarios are hair-pulling exercises.Better than Frozen Synapse in that the graphics are more engaging, and keeps me interested during the mission, and the pause-anytime-to-plan feature is fantastic.Looking forward to more improvements by the devts!"
,Recommended,248610,10006519,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Alucard,Nice game.Looks like Frozen Synapse with more realistic and player-friendly graphics or Breach&Clear without useless features.
,Recommended,248610,9909229,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Sleeper,Good.
76561198021671754,Recommended,248610,9007710,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Antis,"A tactical 2D game that focuses on positioning, precision and planning route. You can spend 15 minutes planning and the real mission time is just 45 seconds. Got a lot of potential for an alpha game."
98765432136295184,Recommended,248610,9041789,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,[D2DG] Dod,Awesome
,Recommended,248610,8654345,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Dogboyman,"Good strategy game, a good buy (6/10)"
,Recommended,248610,8663803,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Leech,"game is awesome, simple top down CQB strategy game.  Compete with your friends to see who can take down the levels the fastest yo!"
,Recommended,248610,8690312,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,furfur,"Kick a door, kill'em all, flush, repeat. Awesome."
,Recommended,248610,16612446,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Glorious Leader,"Good game, sometimes issuing commands and perfecting the timing can be confusing/convoluted but overall its really satisfying and fun in a way that mapping out your missions in the first three Rainbow Six games was."
,Recommended,248610,16614080,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Astronaut Shark,"Surprising amount of depth for a 2D top-down title. Didn't expect to enjoy this as much as I did but they pretty much did everything right and exceeded all expectations looking at this from previews and gameplay. Entering  each zone is tense and requires a lot of planning and decisions to be made in squad placement, individual loadouts, and directions of approach. Unlocking weapons, skills, and soldier perma-death make for a great progression system. Tacking on the community made maps and mods increases the replayability value on top of the game. Incredibly well-balanced in weapons, armor, and classes with the enemies. It's like Hotline Miami with more tacticality and depth. Would recommend to anyone with a slight passing interest in the game."
76561198094150178,Recommended,248610,16711976,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Jalapeno Buisness,"TL;DR6.5/10Don’t go out of your way to recommend it, but if you find the chance, then go for itI first saw this game while searching through the deep dark slums of the farthest-back pages of Steam, and was not immediately encouraged to get Door Kickers. It just looked like a bare-bones, top-down shooter with some mediocre ‘tactical’ elements tossed in. I let it be for a while and then came back to it a couple of months later, then decided “what the heck, I’ll buy it”. I had a total blast for the first week, just playing my way through various missions and unlocking various weapons and armor, but after that, I found myself getting really bored. That is, until I discovered the workshop, and let me tell you; that is what makes this game so great.Gameplay wise, Door Kickers really stands out. None of your soldiers are too overpowered (unless you download god armor from the workshop), so you need to use every last drop of tactical knowledge to keep them alive. Nothing is more frustrating then spending twenty minutes working out a plan and then having all of your troops mowed down by some guy with a machine gun hiding behind a bulletproof couch the instance they kick down the first door. To actually complete a mission you need to buckle down and focus, or you are going to end up with only one guy, cowering in the corner, waiting for someone to come and yell a stereotypical phrase at them then blow your final guy’s head off.All in all, Door Kickers won’t blow you away, but if you like tactical games, then you’ll have some fun with it. If you don’t like those games, then this is probably not the game for you. The graphics aren’t great, but the workshop makes up for that by having new stuff constantly made every day for you to try out. So give it a try if you feel like it, but if you don’t like this type of game, then don’t waste your money on it.6.5/10Don’t go out of your way to recommend it to a friend, but if you find the chance, then go for itBuy it full price if you have the money on hand, but otherwise buy it on sale.~Mfilms2000You can find more of our reviews on our curator page here:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/technosharkreviews"
,Recommended,248610,16714772,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,banyan,A game for tacticians who like their challenges realistic and their options almost infinite.  Every door is a problem to be solved - kick it in? place guys on both sides and open it? breach it? toss flashbangs through? try to go in quiet with silencers? jump in with quick reacting pistol wielders? cautiously have the guy with the shield lead the way? jump in with assault rifles and try to overwhelm with sheer force? Switch out the guns to maximize fire rate or accuracy or stopping power? How many people to assign to the door? Do you leave yourself open to being flanked if you stack people on a door? This game is exactly what I want out of tactical strategy.
,Recommended,248610,16720347,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Landen,This is a very fun strategy game and I would definently recommend. There are quite a few campaigns and plenty of missions to keep you busy. I've already had about 7 hours at the time of this post and I'm not nearly close to doing every mission.You can download custom maps from the steam workshop which adds plenty of more hours of fun!
76561198064696546,Recommended,248610,16639146,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,catartist1994,"Door Kickers is so fun i could not recomend a more awsome game to play for strategy. Top to bottom view game were u go around kicking doors and kicking bad guys down. This game is a must play if you enjoy tactical police strategy in taking down bad guys. Its so hard to describe it because its just so fun. Theres so many possible strategys to go through, a ton of missions, mission genorator for endless random maps to play on. Tons of wepons to use tacticly, go light, go heavy, go in silent, bring a shield whatver you feel like is the best strategy. The endless hours of entertainment and joy of controling all ur little minions on the screen fullfill your genous plan."
,Recommended,248610,15542586,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Dante,This is what new X-COM's tactics was supposed to be.
,Recommended,248610,15589031,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,ZombieAgent,"I have to say, after 20 hours of playing this game, im still loving it.its a addicting game that punishes you for bad choices and a bad plan.you got to really try with this game, like what had to be done in rainbow six games or SWAT.Game: In this game you take controll of a sqaud of your choice and you can choose exactly everything they use,how they use it, and much more. from a different perspective, its almost like a board game, and you have to look 50 moves ahead. to get new classes, simply play the game! to get new weapons, do the best you can, and earn stars (currency) to get weapons. there are quite a few gamemodes, and each one is thrilling!Extras: there are mods and a level editor.Pros: strategy based game.fairly balanced.great gameplay.alot of different options.mission generator for random missions.Cons:taser is almost worthless.End: there are some things i missed, but dont worry, this game is great!I would love this game more, if they added more stuning weapons, and made handcuffing everyoneinstead of killing them a challenge it would be much more fun then the game already is. but i feelas though this needs to be added!"
76561198046533401,Recommended,248610,15706691,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,primoaurelius,"tactical swat simulator with puzzle elements, and lots of mod and level design support. you essentially plan out a swat raid from a top down, almost blueprint-like map, and then execute the plan to see how it plays out. you can then pasue and adjust as needed, or take direct control of the team members if needed. equip different items and weapons to make your team members effective in different ways. very interesting, with lots of content, and a welcom change of pace."
,Recommended,248610,16577959,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,retakrew7,This game rocks!Simply the best top down strategy game I have played.The random generation and the steam workshop integration provide you with long-time fun.
,Recommended,248610,16212241,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵,"Great game, good fun!"
,Recommended,248610,16216118,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,[P90] ACEDOG11,"Door Kickers is a good game for strategy gamers, i would like it more if there were COMPLETE randomization,like, a Serial Killer missions, Mafia meetings/killings, or just having randomly generated levels would up this from a 9.75/10 to a 9001/10"
76561198026835681,Recommended,248610,16874233,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Pand'invader,"Clearly easy to complete, insanly hard to make it perfectly.Addictive gameplay, tones of maps, plenty of light campaings, squad and troopers upgrades, some jokes, there's time to kill with this little fun game.But it still a casual game, don't expect something else than a fun surprise."
,Recommended,248610,16346605,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,TacticalBacon_,The Best Top-Down Tactical Games!
,Recommended,248610,16350928,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Nutritious,"I swear to god, the sniper is voiced by David Hayter."
76561198182777406,Recommended,248610,16478620,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Booblicious :3,"Really nice game, all about strategy and customization. If you love strategy games, this is one for you :)!"
,Recommended,248610,16482693,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,дмитрий,if you want to kick doors. leggo
,Recommended,248610,16484934,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ナウエル csgo-skins.com,I LOve This Game :D
76561198106591650,Recommended,248610,16486168,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Sandman,Bought this in the Steam Summer Sale and have become very addicted!
76561198012245691,Recommended,248610,16486200,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Sparrow,I thought the name was too stupid for there to be a very good game behind the title.I was completely wrong.  This is a gem of a game!
76561198063431118,Recommended,248610,16487004,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Dre Kirk Swag,"Great game, mods add some extra content for free."
76561198104297357,Recommended,248610,16491380,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,isetyawan,"Pros:+ Realistic take on Police CQB action.+ Easy to learn, hard to master.+ Wide selection of gears.+ Simple, yet beautiful and effective 2-D graphics.+ Lots of single missions and some interesting campaigns.+ Ability to record and replay a mission from start to end, even converting it to videos.Cons:- 2-D representation of the action may not appeal to all.- Only a handful of campaigns.- Conversion of replays to video not available for the Mac OS X platform.Bottomline:A perfect game for those of us growing up with the original Rainbow Six and SWAT 3 games, who are wishing for a realistic CQB action."
,Recommended,248610,16491392,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Immortal Wombat,"They could have designed a better way to control your swat mans, it's janky as hell.Having said that once you get over the turdy control system it's actually a good game."
,Recommended,248610,16491842,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,ELEKTRIQUE.,"One of the best tactical games I've played.The game deliberately let's me think off every strategy for every level.The waypoint system is smooth althrough-out and the ABCD function helps to the delivery of the ""commanding"" feel.I recommend you buy this on 75% sale or higher as it will keep your gaming crave well-rounded for the reason that it is very, very different. I give this game, for its nature as a strategy game, 10/10."
,Recommended,248610,16506524,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,born casual,RTS and tactics and RPG of sorts mixed together. Fun game if you're bored.
76561197962817247,Recommended,248610,16511709,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,MaNc0,"Really good game! Bought it for 7,59€ in the summer steam sales. Reminds me of Police Quest: SWAT 2 from 1998, it is really fun to play, easy if you dont care about mission stars (so you don't frustrate not finishing missions), but hard if you want to get all the stars. Lots of missions, and many more downloadable."
76561198092136920,Recommended,248610,16511227,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,hunterdog228,"Great tactical gameplay, rather small game though, only worth about 15-20 hours of gameplay."
,Recommended,248610,16518764,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,montys_grail,Great game! i was skeptical at first but now I'm hooked! There are a few bugs here and there; mostly my squad walking straight through the Call points so my plan isn't synced anymore. that gives my rating 8/10. Once they fix that one detail its a solid 10/10!
,Recommended,248610,4873265,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,thrAsher,"Also, kicks♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,248610,5232752,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,The one true Potatoe,"This game is AMAZING. Hard, tactical, and soon custumisation. AND ITS ONLY IN ALPHA! Buy it as soon as possible. you shalt not be disapointed."
,Recommended,248610,7713925,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,Max Stirner,You kick down doors for sure.
,Recommended,248610,11000697,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,celestialteapot,"As a huge fan of the SWAT games I've had my eye on this for some time. After checking out some of the early access reviews I decided to dip my toes in and see what this game had to offer so far - so far, I'm not disappointed. There's a great amount of satisification to watching your carefully planned moves play out and learning from the ones that end in disaster. At this stage, the different classes of character don't seem to come into play but I look forward to sending a stealth team in and perhaps even non-lethal options at a later stage."
76561198123202403,Recommended,248610,14924943,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Untrustworthy Banana Peel,"This is an amazing game and is without a doubt the best top down strategy of the year. Makes you think out every move, making each round a new expirience."
76561198046491083,Recommended,248610,15308302,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,The Dark Lord,"There's only one downside to this game; not enough customisation.However, that doesn't matter in the face of the fact that I spent 2 weeks playing nothing else.Still haven't fully completed the game."
,Recommended,248610,15858771,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Bip,Door Kickers what i haft to say about is... its tactical you haft to learn tactics and lay out a plan cause with no plan men could die and you will lose them for the whole campaign you need to know what your gonna do you cant go in guns blazeing you haft to take it slow and steady and if you don't like that then don't buy this game but if you like tactics and know how real S.W.A.T can do there work  then buy it.
,Recommended,248610,15989040,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Painkiller,"This remembers me how games used to be in the old days.. challenging, good gameplay mechanics, not over the top graphics/acting and good replay value.This game is proof that there are still good devs who can put there soul into a game.9.5 / 10"
76561198004499147,Recommended,248610,15833959,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Moebius,A great little game in the vein of Rainbow Six.I sunk a good many hours into this and thoroughly enjoyed the playthrough(s).Easily good value for money.
76561198068926749,Recommended,248610,15908631,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Zesty Testy,"Kicked a door in, got a shotgun to the face.10/10 would kick door in again"
76561197976464012,Recommended,248610,15910416,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,pauldog7,"Tactical top down graphics SWAT game with the same buzz you get from a first person shootergame.Layout your plans as you go and tactically secure your objectives.Plenty of action as well as tactics.Endless replay value with mission generator and easy to use map maker, together with regular updates."
76561198221310080,Recommended,248610,15840896,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,justAnotherGamer,"A real-time with pause game that requires you to plan carefully before engaging the bad guys. The squad as a whole could level up, earning you 'doctrines' to spend on the provided tech tree. Each squad member could also level up to improve their stats. You gain 'stars' after each successful mission, which you can spend on unlocking new weapons/armors/items that you can assign to any squad member. You could play the built-in missions, generate random ones, or create your own with the editor.So, yes, the game is worth every penny."
76561198151282586,Recommended,248610,16015704,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Delfo,"This game is so cool I even started kicking down my own doors.But seriously, don't these guys know how to 'open' them?10/10 would buy new locks for my doors again"
76561198082991926,Recommended,248610,15925224,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Winged Hussars,"I loved it... until I tried Campaign mode, don't ever play campaign mode if you have good characters, if one of them dies, that person is lost forever, its still good however"
,Recommended,248610,15931459,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,lah0077,A good top down tactical SWAT simulator. Upgrade your team with stars earned from completing and doing well on levels. It does have a slight learning curve and can get fairly difficult especially with a low level team. I'd still wait for a sale to pick it up though.
,Recommended,248610,13487199,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,FireFlySlick,"This is a game that is unforgiving, and difficult, and so fun! It does need some work, but so far, it's pretty good. 8/10"
,Recommended,248610,13487954,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,"[15thSC,C] 1stSgt.Britton",SwatDEAFBICIAPolice sim. Very fun and I reccomend it to anybody who loves strategy.
,Recommended,248610,13503755,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,gordoviajao,"Desafiante, requer um senso tático e de timing muito bom, totalmente recomendado"
76561198095950961,Recommended,248610,13508446,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,An actual Potato,"Very addictive, well worth the low cost."
76561198052291034,Recommended,248610,13528302,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Arco (Azaiel),"After 10 hours of play, I can definitely recommend it to anyone interested in tactical strategy games. Tons of customization, lots of different valid approaches for completing each mission, HUGE amount of maps to play (without counting the ones in the workshop) ...My only minor complaint is that sometimes cover is weird, as you expect some stuff in the scenario to provide it, but in fact it doesn't. Apart from that, the game is brilliant."
,Recommended,248610,13796678,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,relarson,Really fun tactical game. Tons of levels that provide different challenges for your SWAT team.
,Recommended,248610,11472304,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,ehlers [75th RRC],it is a good game but i need help it is stuck in windows mode and i cant fix it any sugguestens
76561198045133849,Recommended,248610,11647198,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,BarneyRound,"Its almost a puzzle game.  You need to cover your corners, and slice your pies to keep your troops alive.  There is rank and experience progression in order to keep you playing.  As well as unlockable weapons equipment, and skills.  Just another indie gem IMO."
,Recommended,248610,11630439,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,TTJake,"It's nice. If you are bored, want to do some shooting, then this game is good for you. You are controlling a SWAT team and you have to takedown people from Druggies, to cartel, or you can do hostage missions, bomb defusals, arrests... It's great.89/100"
,Recommended,248610,12660828,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Lafarda,"Quite Entertaining.Simple enough to be accessible and deep enough to hook you for a while. One can miss a more detailed campaign, something a bit more ellaborated and with some story.Summarizing:Frozen Synapse + Rainbow Six + Hotline MiamiIf you like them all, you will like Door kickers."
,Recommended,248610,12662372,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,=BoB=BreizhoO,"Really nice game, very tactical and fun.Reminds me a lot of Rainbow six with a bit of Swat 4 in it plus some hotline miami.Must have !"
,Recommended,248610,12649248,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,HappyJackie,Great game but I wish there wasn't such a low level cap...  Game could also use a better story for campaign as this one is non existent but overall probably 4 out of 5.
76561198034545371,Recommended,248610,8001123,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,hssaints30,The first review was an Early alpha Review I am pleased to say after revisting the game it has improved vastly I actually enjoyed it.
,Recommended,248610,12652309,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,KennyRogersJackass,"Door Kickers: 6/10Door Kickers is an interesting concept -- one that's been done before, but not as often as people hope. The cult classic Rainbow Six 3: Raven Shield being the quintessential example of this type of game, Door Kickers takes a similar approach in trying to create an atmosphere of tactical tension, albeit with a bit of levity involved in the presentation. In recent years, we've also seen the well-made Breach & Clear released, which was an underappreciated game that took the Rainbow Six formula, made it purely top-down, and focused the action in on three-second pseudo-realtime moments.So, there is quite an audience for this type of game built in already -- many people love this type of tactical action for two reasons; as games, they provide a thrill unlike any other. This isn't Call of Duty, where rasberry jam will be smeared all over your character's face if you improperly clear a room: if you fail to properly check your corners, your character will die, and this creates a sheer tension towards entering and moving through buildings in any properly executed Tactical game. A second reason is more of a gritty tactical feel -- it's not really the thrill of playing a game, but the thrill of using real tactics, real equipment, and truly mastering these raids until you can defeat most levels on the first try. Rainbow Six leaned towards the latter. Breach & Clear aimed towards the former. Door Kickers gets stuck somewhere in the middle.As a game, Door Kickers has a very 'hotshot' atmosphere. The achievements, menu tips, and even the interface all make it out as a Call of Duty-esque experience that challenges you to play. The gameplay can either be taken very tactically and slowly,  or in a more brash realtime mode where squaddies will just follow your mouse as long as you hold and drag them around. Neither of these modes works perfectly. For example; as a game, the gameplay quickly falls apart when you realize just how rote and routine winning each level becomes. Going back to Breach & Clear, each level was interesting enough, but sweeping rooms was really only half the battle. Using your items and abilities intelligently was really what carried you forwards. In Door Kickers, using items effectively is useful, but nonessential. Setting up intelligent fire zones and sweeping a room carefully will let you beat every single level in the game with the basic Assault class.And speaking more towards classes, the RPG elements of Door Kickers are not as deep as those presented in other games. If you're going to put a character progression system into a game, it has to feel like your characters are progressing. Let me explain: XCom: Enemy Unknown is a perfect example. In the earliest parts of the game, your recruits are pathetic. They can't shoot, they can't hit anything, and they have no useful abilities. They'll get slaughtered. However, as you play more and more, you really begin to bond with them; you create little vignettes in your head of everything they've done as soldiers, and you see them come to life with powerful abilities and interesting weapons. You thrill at their victories, and gasp at their failures. In Breach & Clear, this also happens; you create a squad of soldiers and deploy them for the entire game, slowly levelling them to the point of creating a cohesive crack team of unique and varied soldiers. Door Kickers really just expediates this process to the point where it's completely pointless. I had a maximum-level squad within the first five hours of gameplay, and none of my squad members really stood out. The small stat increases they receive are fairly pointless, and it's really their loadout that affects things more than their actual skill. Furthermore, you can just swap all of them between classes at will, so there's no real reason to specialize anyone. You gain a lot of tactical freedom, but lose all of the characters and personality that could've been developed here.So, Door Kickers isn't really a perfect game -- it's not too challenging, nor is it really relatable. So, is it, at least, tactical? To a degree, I would say it is, but in a very frustrating way. As aforementioned, it works as a room clearing simulator. Entering a room is interesting and fun, and you begin to pick up some actual tactical acumen as you play through the game. But then, you begin to suddenly realize what a dearth of options there really are in the game. You, of course, have five classes.Pointman - which becomes entirely useless about twenty minutes into the game,Assault - Which is the only class you really need to win every map,Breacher - Which is a nice class to have, but becomes a short-ranged assault about three hours into the game,Shield - Which is slow moving, doesn't do much damage, and is incredibly situational, and finallyStealth - Which is very similar to Assault, but completely superfluous and is preferable in only a few tiny instances.Now, the thing you may have noticed is that all of these classes seem to just bleed into the Assault class towards the end; the shield is, perhaps, the only one that remains entirely unique, and it's so rarely useable that it becomes like a health potion in a roleplaying game. You look at it, sigh, and say to yourself, ""Maybe next time. I should save it."" Furthermore, the inventories on all of the classes are almost entirely identical. Taking a game like Rainbow Six into account, you could arm any individual soldier with eight categories of weapons, each of which had twenty weapons, and several ammunition subtypes -- and that's not even getting into the modification system. In this game, each class has about 16 weapons available, and no modification system to speak of. As far as items go, the game is at a loss as well; this is a game about breaching and clearing rooms, so where the hell are the doorjams? Where are the fragmentation grenades? Where are the smoke grenades? Heartbeat sensors? Instead, you have some very basic options in the form of:Flashbangs - The most useful item in the game.Stingers - Very situational, not recommended.Breaching Charges - Situational, but you need something to pad your inventory.Lockpicks - Situational.Hammer - SituationalSnakecam - Mandatory.And a few others. Out of all of these, the three most useful ones are automatically equipped on the characters at the start of the game, making it pretty basic to load your troops out.So, then you get into the tactical meat of the game, and you become inundanted in a complete nightmare of artificial stupidity. The game makes a point to challenge you to use one plan to clear the entire building from the start of the match -- this is standard. Rainbow Six 1-3 were based on this concept of planning, and the planning room in this game is a pretty close recreation of what those games had. The only issue comes with the AI; both friendly and hostile. Your own troops are, for the most part, somewhat intelligent, but have moments of immense stupidity that make you want to throw your keyboard across the room. Your men start approaching a door, 2x2 cover formation. The door opens -- they quickly blow away the mook with an AK on the other side, and..They completely freeze in place. Why? Because I had them set to lockpick that door that he just blew open. The soldiers can't understand that the door isn't there, so they just stand and patiently wait. This is all well and fine when you have four guys stacked up, but when one soldier tries to pick the lock and a guy with a pistol opens the door, that soldier will just freeze, completely nonresponsive for minutes on end as the enemy tries to blow through his heavy body armor with the equivalent of an airsoft gun.I'd type more, but I have to cut this short; the game is buggy, unfair, and pretty shallow, but it's the closest a game has gotten to the old Rainbow Six feel. If you like those games, get it. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,248610,12588253,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,ᛒᚨᛚᛞᚱ,"Decent game.Bit sad they want for the ""have fun grinding for everything"" way so you have to do the boring♥♥♥♥♥♥before you can get the fun stuff.Some stuff still there on Linux that makes the interface freeze and requires me to jump a few hoops to quit the game.As every other game just get rid of the useless cards, nobody wants them.Edit: Current solution is to wait for the next update or running it in window mode."
,Recommended,248610,12587221,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Jackal326™,I kicked a door and shot a man in the face 3 times. 8/10
76561198055941989,Recommended,248610,12589621,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,LemoneFresh,I've owned Door Kickers for a while I've seen it go through multiple updates. Not a game that I would sit for hours and play but whenever I have the urge to play it's a refreshing feeling. Can't wait for the final update and I would recomend it to anyone who is looking for a fun casual stratgy game.
76561197970531612,Recommended,248610,18862935,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,KrasusTheRed,"This is a fun indie strategy game that i have thoroughly enjoyed. Encounters can be random so if you have to retry, which you will a lot of the times, the enemies may not always be in the same spot so constant strategic planning is needed. The AI is intelligent and can even hear you if you are trying to pick open a locked door if they are close enough. The soundtrack is fantastic and reminds me greatly of Hotline Miami. Some of the levels can be fast paced (timed bomb, or hostage situation) making quick thinking on the go a mandatory plan. Overall i really enjoyed this and recommend it to anyone looking for a fun and unique experience."
76561198159847093,Recommended,248610,15484026,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,is snazzy,steam glitched out and all of a sudden I had 150 more hours on this game then before.. 10/10
,Recommended,248610,18807476,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Naktholomew,Need sequel ASAP
76561198042413865,Recommended,248610,18944334,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Fiberglass Fiend,If you like PC straty games you should buy this
76561198058868643,Recommended,248610,15101150,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,bagelhero,Door kickers currently has five different campaigns of various lengths and difficulties. It also has 80!!! stand alone missions to practice with your squads. The game has a lot of awesome content. The interface is user friendly and doesn't take long to learn. While the game is paused you can give orders to your officers and design a route for them to follow.  You can play the game in real time too if you like to live dangerous. The squad members are kept on a roster and they sort of grow on you. I love this game.
76561198061885694,Recommended,248610,15133043,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,SplinterBee,Used mods to save santa from terrorists10/10 would apprehend santas assasins again
,Recommended,248610,14816149,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,TheArroz,"Saving hostages, kicking♥♥♥♥♥ cuffing badguys, and taking rides on cruise ships. Would recruit my best friends and watch them wade into gunfire again!10/10.5"
,Recommended,248610,14816236,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Xantham,"For such a simple concept, it is such a great game. Challenging, fun, always different each time. Really makes you have to think out your moves. Love the RPG elements as well."
76561198087279396,Recommended,248610,14950927,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,eteethan,Great game!
76561198121302946,Recommended,248610,14938732,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,BeardedPotato,"This game is the best, tactical 2D Sort game I have ever played."
,Recommended,248610,15259861,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Space Banana,slaughter simulator 2015. 18/10
,Recommended,248610,15177634,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Hacker man,"Well after spending 4,5 houres of my life kicking doors I can conclusivly say that if you put the time in you will have:GOD ARMORHMG'sand in general some badass stuff.This is only the tip of the iceberg thogh as there is a whoile community adding stuff to it throgh the workshop."
76561198050490766,Recommended,248610,15148027,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,(BenS.)HS2.0,"Amazing Tactical game, so much fun with tons of replay value."
76561198043289484,Recommended,248610,16166196,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Ghoulean Operators,"Its about the police using excessive force to bring down the ""bad"" guys.So you know, its like real life.#1 Police Force Simulator 20150/10"
,Recommended,248610,16132039,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,H@mm€rT!me,The Best 2D Game I Played Ever!
,Recommended,248610,13707297,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Andy,"i can confirm there was indeed kicking of doors, but that's my trigger so i'm suing now"
76561198003302564,Recommended,248610,13738972,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Marc,Excellent Top Down Shooter. Very Reminiscent of the older Swat games. The ai can occaionally bug on corners but it happens very rarely. The game presents a challenge and can be difficult when trying to just run and gun it. Plenty of achievments and workshop addons to work on as well.
,Recommended,248610,13686840,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Silverwulf,Seriously awesome and unforgiving tactical simulator reminiscent of the original Rainbow Six games
76561198084261764,Recommended,248610,13680898,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,huyan007,"This game has very interesting game mechanics that work very well. It may sometimes be buggy, but overall, they work amazingly. This game also offered a nice change in pace to many games on the stores front page."
76561198102044765,Recommended,248610,13682312,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Toastmaster General,"For someone that wants to play a quick game, that takes a bit of skill.This game isn't necesarily grindy unless you want to play it to completion. The pricetag is a bit much for something that does grow tiresome fairly quickly. Games like this might be better suited to a mobile platform like a tablet, albeit at a lower price (say $3-5). That doesn't, however, make this a bad game, just a little lacking. I'll recommend this game for people that like games like FTL and maybe X-Com.Buy this on sale."
76561197988426484,Recommended,248610,13664740,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,balloo33,"It was a bit of a guess when i bought it, but was i glad i did.i can spend hours just playing this game. It is something new i havent played before. It reminds me a bit of the good old swat 2 but then on steroids. i can spend a good half hour planning in advance and then just watch the actual 10 seconds of gameplay that is required of the mission.Also the fact that everything keeps changing up is also an added bonus for me. no way to tell if the plan that worked last time will work again. Since the AI actually moves around in a different way everytime and the oponents seem to move as well.I can highly recomend this game. I have enjoyed every second of it so far :)"
76561198008555437,Recommended,248610,13819761,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,SparkAnotherOwl,"Wow, been looking for a game like this for a long time. Door Kickers harks back to the classic days of late 90s PC gaming, specifically games like Rainbow 6 & SWAT - ""tooling-up"" a hit team with your own unique load out of weaponry, formulating a plan to take down the bad guys, and executing that plan in syncronicty with your various teams. I love devising new strategies for maps, and the ability to change you orders rapidly and easily on the fly is what makes the game special. There's challenges and a tech tree to climb to keep things interesting and satisfy different playing styles.Relatively simple, but utterly addictive and thoroughly satisfying. If you like a mix of planning, strategy and action - this game is for you!"
76561198026394897,Recommended,248610,14523073,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,hulaboy616,endless fun or about 21 hours worth
,Recommended,248610,13896339,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,hardkase,Yes.Just Yes.Play this. It is great.
,Recommended,248610,13880664,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,LCDR. Harding,"Door Kickers is the best top down tactical simulator in the world in my opinion, and I have played a lot of top down simulators. Door Kickers has very rich components, from its music to its tactics. The music is extremely atmospheric, making it feel like Payday 2, except you're the tactical advisor. The tactics are extremely rich, giving you so much space to establish the best path and tactic to get the mission done. And you have a lot of customization for the SWAT Officers on your team, whether he/she would be a pointman or breacher, wielding a shotgun or rifle.The client is also very smooth and slick, allowing for uninterrupted and smooth gameplay. And with randomly generated doors to kickdown, the game is endless and can be educational. Making sure your officers never forget to check their corners and always stop before entering a room when your fellow officer hasn't caught up with you. This is a very realistic tactical simulator and is an essential game to stratagy lovers."
76561198011607356,Recommended,248610,14441996,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,05102017,"This game is solid! Well worth the money. The game's tactical gameplay is amazing and so fun, I love how easy the controls are. I like this game way better than Breach & Clear. It's unique in the best of ways! I have not noticed any bugs to be fix (yet), as far as I have played, this game is very solid. (Keep up the good work developers!)"
76561198036308801,Recommended,248610,14444013,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Dealz,"I'm having a lot of fun with Doorkickers; it is a good strategy game with moderate potential to strategize. My only real complaint is that the game lacks variety in how you can choose to clear a level. This is mainly because the classes and skills you unlock don't offer enough substance, or open up many new methods of playing. For these reasons, the game can start to feel repetitive. I think a lot more imagination could have been applied to the game's design in that department, even while staying in the realm of realism. Still, it is a very good game and a great way to stimulate the old noggin.8/10"
,Recommended,248610,14281884,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Lonne,Great strategy game with nice variety
,Recommended,248610,14283643,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Bhaverly Hills Cop,You Can Create Your Own Swat Team. Enough Said.
76561198090635372,Recommended,248610,13651350,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Zois,"First off: Why are there no black avatars??????? Dudes....Nice game though, but after a few hours I had all guns and classes unlocked.. too soon"
,Recommended,248610,13653465,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Rangerlump,I waited so long to try this game. I am overly joyed that I finally did. This game is amazingly fun and has sooo much content.10/10 would slice pie
76561198030748969,Recommended,248610,13654509,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Toast for Twenty,"This game is fresh to me. I haven't played anything quite like it. You can't do campaign mode right away, you have to play a few single missions and level up first. This is basically to get you warmed up for the campaign missions because campaign there is perma death. Your task force officers rank up too, and your level points get you better gear. Basically a mission operates in 3 phases1. Deploy mode. Select your officers and deploy them onto the mission site in a selected area.2. Planning mode. This is where you trace out the movement and actions of each officer. There are a variaty of options on how to do this depending on rank and equipment.3. Execution mode. This is when the mission starts and your men begin to perform your plan, you can go back to planning mode at anytime and redo the planor if you're feeling brave you can do the planning and execution simultaniously.At the end of your mission you are graded by speed, deaths, and overall performance. 3 star ranking gets you more XP which can be used for more lethal officers and tactics.Planning mode gets complcated quick, you can customize it to do so many things like switch weapons, look in certain directions, don't move again until enemies cleared, and there are even wait for order Alpha, Bravo, Charlie, or Delta so a certain officer will wait until you click the order and then continue as plan.This game is quick paced, and a great time killer. I think I will enjoy it for a long time, classic replay value.Overall I give it 8 out of 10 ♥♥♥♥ Pandas"
,Recommended,248610,13660145,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Emperor Rosko,"Absolute indie gem!After all the big name so called ""AAA"" games i've recently played on PC, Xbox & PS4, this has caught my attention the most. Excellent attention to detail, lots of guns and gear to unlock for your squad. Steam Workshop support.For trhe money I paid in the sale, its a must buy for anyone who enjoyed early Rainbow 6 games (the ones where you planned the routes for different squads) or the SWAT games. It plays very similar to Frozen Synapse and Survivor Squad, but feels much deeper and more tactical.Exellent game!"
,Recommended,248610,13660444,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,zwanguy,Super fun and fast paced.
,Recommended,248610,19574318,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Queasy Moan,Its pretty difficult but can be enjoyable if you understand the game and are good at it. Would still recomend it.
76561198016003466,Recommended,248610,19562830,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,__,adrenaline in a top down planning stage reminiscent of rainbow six. dis game feel.
76561198102083312,Recommended,248610,19667086,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Edward,"Bros,it is my MOST FAVOURITE tatical game!Although it is just an 2D game,but it is very good ,many jobs,guns,gears.You can wear like a iron man,or run fast like wind.Finish so much excited missons.Really like it, it worh playing.:D"
76561198018704854,Recommended,248610,19583926,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Gman758,"This is an amazing and well done game.  I have a few cons however. The game does not have any multiplayer, an awesome idea for a game like this. Such as two teams agianst each other or two or more member clearing the house.  There is also no kind of introduction or tutorial.  And finally, you have to be level six to play campaign, this will take you about half an hour or more, so it isn't much of a bid deal, but still a bit irratible.  Overall, great game, really fun and I would recommend it, but it isn't really worth $20, so wait for a sale."
,Recommended,248610,19584851,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Mazelnino,"Bought it for 18.99... day later it was for 3.99...But I love this game! One of the games where I can use real tactics.Only thing I don't like is that enemies are sometimes too much OP (better reaction time, aim...) but it can be repaired.If you like realistic military simulators, definitly buy it.(Trust me :D)P.S.: Gaben give me 15 euros pls."
,Recommended,248610,19578791,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Reverse Transcriptase,"Buy this gameLearn the basicsRecreate my place on the editorStormed the buildingFlawless rescueClose gameGo through the house ""clearing rooms""My dad wonders why the hell a grown♥♥♥♥♥man plays with a hammer pretending it's a gun10/10 would dissappoint my dad again"
,Recommended,248610,19741283,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,57ALK3R,Wait for a special and its worth it.Perfect for those with OCD in coming up with those perfect plans.
,Recommended,248610,10568156,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Venom[VGZ],"Top-down strategy, reminiscent of Frozen Synapse and the early Rainbow Six games (First one and Rouge Spear). Plan your moves carefully or pay the price. Mods are fun too."
76561198060656465,Recommended,248610,10675192,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,bad bro,"This is OMG!!! Sooo cool, and challenging. So much fun!"
76561198048227661,Recommended,248610,10821986,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Sid,It's not a done game but I like it simple but fun and at times challenging! Hope to see more improvement on the game in the furture
,Recommended,248610,10705494,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Los Bandidos,"Based on the 21 June 14 Beta:I watched a Nerdcubed Alpha Detective on Youtube for this and it looked fun. Only had a small discount in the Summer Sale, but got it anyway. So glad I did.Massively addictive game and has that ""one more go"" feel. Just playing through the single missions trying to 3 star them all. Has that X-com trait of being protective of your leveled up guys.Only criticism so far is that the guns seem too similar. There are 7 or 8 hand guns and the best one is easy to unlock so its pointless to even bother with the ones in between. The better Assault rifles have a better leveling up/unlocking range.Don't normally bother with game editors, but going to try on this - seems easy to use from the little play I had."
76561198141342042,Recommended,248610,22181319,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,joda,"AWSOME GAME, cool features, fun to play, need I say more"
76561198019834589,Recommended,248610,22266978,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Kivu,Great tactical game!
,Recommended,248610,22277429,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,livedhealer16,Love it! It is a great game because you can switch between planning everything out then executing after spending the last 20 minutes sweating a stream onto your keyboard trying to figure out how to do everything perfectly to just going step by step attacks.
,Recommended,248610,22264739,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,average rustmite,if you like tactical stratigy games then buy it its one of the best of its kind
76561197966455282,Recommended,248610,22256976,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Evil Eh!,It's an awesome game
,Recommended,248610,22392564,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,jackjwm,"Door kickers is an amazing game where you control a swat team from above to throw grenades, deploy tazers, pickup evidence and more. The games graphics are especially awesome, if you like prison architect you will like this. The tatics and commands you can perform are infinate, the weapon range and trooper upgrades are awesome. The setup of some of the missions are awesome and the ingame level editor allows you to easily create your own levels. This game has not much goore but blood. Awesome game and cant wait for door kickers 2 - task force north"
,Recommended,248610,22292856,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,lucasgrathouse,It's like a top-down Rainbow Six Seige. Thats all I need in life.9/10
,Recommended,248610,22337680,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,theJamman,"The only thing to make it better would be time control (1/2 speed, etc.) otherwise it's great!"
76561198059502589,Recommended,248610,27923224,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ShakeAndBake,Best tactical law enforcement simulator out there.Tactics are a lot similar to breach & clear. Customization isn't as great but some mods can help fix that.
76561198268634921,Recommended,248610,27924774,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jake the Hawkeye,"On sale for $3 - recommendRegular price of $20 - noNice little game. Good mix of puzzle solving and action. It doesn't teach you a lot about the mechanics (what triggers a hostage to be killed, how long it takes, etc.) but you can figure that out after a bit if you're paying attention. There are a few silly aspects of it (a sniper can kill a hostage if they're n the line of sight - a police sniper... can shoot a hostage... on purpose...). It's pretty fun, just a bit frustrating. When on sale, it's a good game to add to your collection."
76561198059392076,Recommended,248610,27932298,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MarcFreeman97,Very challenging but in a tactical sense. Might take between 1 and 1000 failed attempts but being able to watch over the replay and see your plans unfold is really very satisfying. Think XCom meets Rainbow 6 and your halfway there
,Recommended,248610,27965146,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,moby,"Simpleto learn.Hardto master.If you love tactical and strategic gameplay with a lot of action,  this one is definitely worth buying."
76561197994623037,Recommended,248610,24003921,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Ecos,Because of a minor bug I re-started the whole game... And that was not a problem at all.It is that good.
76561198008592199,Recommended,248610,27741648,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kitch,Great strategy game.
76561198154332274,Recommended,248610,24364285,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Exeaux,"In the beginning of the play, you must think it is an usual game. When you have played it for some hours, you will say it is an interesting game. Awesome. It is one of the best tactics games ever!"
,Recommended,248610,27904961,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Deathblade711,"A fantastic top down, tactical ops style, timed shooter."
,Recommended,248610,27915782,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Undertow,"I LOVE this game. Bought it two days ago, already spent 7 hours on it and i'm not bored. There is just infinite possibilities when it comes to the approach of a mission. A lot of weapons, several classes (all of which are useful), squad customization, maps customization ... Hours of fun guaranteed if you like strategy/tactics."
76561198129728547,Recommended,248610,27910545,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Wally,You're a captain of the NYPD and its your job to make sure your boys make it home to see their families at the end of a hard days work. You tell them to breach the front doors and throw in flash bang and they mow down the gang memebrs on the otherside and it looks like another job well done and then out of no where a greande goes off and bodies are everyhwere and you watch as more gang members come out fot he wood work and you pause the game and realize that no matter where you have your men move...  its gonna be a blood bath. So let it rain Captian... let it rain.
,Recommended,248610,27918136,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Frosty,I have no other words for it. This game is AWESOME. Definitely worth buying.
76561198002534742,Recommended,248610,27921475,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bunny,"I got behind this game a long time ago in early access. It was a mediocre and rough around the edges game back then. Since being released, it has turning into a remarkable game. It's one of those games with a simple concept, easy to pick up, and difficult to master. Despite its deceptive simplicity it is a game that will draw you in and hook you. I've spent far too many hours staying up far too late trying to beat a mission. For 2D the graphics are remarkable, the gameplay genious, and the premis fantastic. I cannot recommend this enough.Also, for anyone pining for the days of Rainbow Six, Rogue Spear, or SWAT 2 - this is as close as you'll get to anythig like that today. No, it's not a first-person shooter, but it shares the same soul.There's also a fantastic mobile version on Android (and iOS?) that I've probobly spent at least as much time playing as I have the desktop version."
76561197971130021,Recommended,248610,16559427,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,MG,Oustandingly good fun for any armchair CQB enthusiast.
76561198052646277,Recommended,248610,16561339,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Soho,"Excellent, excellent game- the kind of game where you have been playing it and look at the clock and see ""Oh, it's bedtime... I will just play one more scenario""- and then three hours later you are like ""OMG I gotta work tomorrow!""The music fits perfectly and is awesome (I could just let it play in the background all day), scenarios are quick and replayable.  I have only just begun the content and I feel like I can't get enough of it!  The graphics style and point of view is refreshing.If you don't like a lot of blood I guess that might be a negative point, but I highly recommend this game if you like planning and strategy type games with customization options for your squad members, skill trees, equipment changes... none of these look too overblown but there is just a light enough touch of them to keep it interesting.Waited for this to be on sale but in retrospect, would have paid full price.  Great game so far"
76561197997438173,Recommended,248610,16562443,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Aburel,Very good top down CQB game with planning phase and real time execution with pausing system to adjust the plan.I think 97% Overwhelmingly Positive reviews (from almost 1500 until this moment) its all you need know to grab this game.
,Recommended,248610,16580420,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,svensvensson,"After a long, long time a game which's addicting me from the first second because it's something for a quick play as well as for a whole evening. Must have for SWAT lovers but FPS haters :D Struggled a bit with the option while moving but watching ""how to""s helped me.Hoping this will kept alive for a ong time by the community and the devs.GREAT GAME!"
76561197962095047,Recommended,248610,16512980,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Roxxer69,"Very fun to play. Challenging and you get an awesome feeling when your plan comes together perfectly.Full retail is a little bit pricey...Got my copy during summer sale.-Great tactical game-Very smooth gameplay-Endless ways to play a mission: Create one giant master plan and then execute it with one click of a button, or you can pause the game and give orders as you go and treat it like an RTS. Perfect for different types of people and their preferred play style.-Sometimes difficult to micro manage a squad member's orders if you have a long chain of pending orders.9/10"
,Recommended,248610,16606894,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Dayman,It's good.  You shoot stuff.
76561198170671298,Recommended,248610,16607876,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,semper_edem,One of the best tactical games I played.  Sound is realistic.  The only gripe I have is when you failed the mission and restart it the bad guys are in the same position.
,Recommended,248610,16678447,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Remarkably Cavalier,"Solid game, extremely fun to play if you want to get your tactical on. Music is really good as well. I'm probably going to buy the Android version when it comes out as well."
,Recommended,248610,19468836,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Auf Der Flucht,"There are some annoying issues, such as your officers are deaf, some of the UI in an effort to be tablet friendly makes it worse for mouse and keyboard.  Otherwise its a solid 80"
76561198020554800,Recommended,248610,19526315,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,SizeDoesMatter,"Great game, includes even replayability (different weapons, tactics)Price is perfect!!!"
76561197975612816,Recommended,248610,19517114,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,LiquidLogic,Scratches that tactical itch that so few games can these days.Simple controls that allow for complex manuvers with lots of depth.Tons of replayability.  I totally recommend it if you are into strategy/tactics games similar to Frozen Synapse.
,Recommended,248610,19398012,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,[NOR] Henrik,"One hour expression:Cool tactical top down shooter, seems liek it's going to be highly addictive and a good game to play when bored in class.Had to refound it since i was going to refound a game that I bought with it (runnig with rifles, not worth it) Will buy this game again after it have been refouded. (If it's still on sale by then)"
76561198091735645,Recommended,248610,19246713,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Valkyriestear,2D Rainbow Six!
,Recommended,248610,19247025,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,RUMBO,Tango down!
,Recommended,248610,19259113,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Sergeant Hamlet,"Perfect example of ""easy to learn, difficult to master.""It's fun and infuriating in turns, but you'll always keep coming back."
,Recommended,248610,19359577,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Finch,You are a csgo tactical masermind but your soloq russian teammates♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ your strategies? Then this is the game for you. Direct your faithful soldiers to victory and masterfully eliminate all terrorists. Don't name your team members after C9 players though as you'll proably never get past the first room anymore.
76561198124507644,Recommended,248610,19381115,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,ClaymoreKyle,I have only played an hour and a half and I already find this game extremely addictive. As far as I can tell it does everything it wants to do perfectly. Plenty of choice in missions and squad customization really stands out to me as well as the workshop content from the community such as the mission where I raided Heisenberg and Pinkman's motorhome. A fun game for anyone.
76561198168111108,Recommended,248610,20901788,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Don Flauschikatz,"I expected some crossover between CS2D and the good old SWAT games, and I was completely surprised to find out, it's something totally different - gameplaywise that is. Other than that it is very much like SWAT in CS2D style, only deeper. It doesn't take too long to get used to this pause&play mechanic, and the fun kicks in very soon. Addictive till the end I'll say."
,Recommended,248610,21552054,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,avishaib,Excllent tactical game that can easily fill 10 hours of fun... if you have to decide between buying this or going to see a movie you should buy the game.
76561198259481466,Recommended,248610,21554060,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,SilentSoldier8,good game
76561198025424474,Recommended,248610,21580183,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Menial_Labor,Very well thought out strategy simulation game that encourages you about route planning and tactical choices.Pros:-Your characters respond to control very well-Enemy reaction and your squad's reactions are all reasonable-You can plan successful missions with careful planning and the feeling is extremely rewarding-Clever puns make you chuckle-Map designs are best among top-view tactical sims.Cons:-Class balance is terrible. At certain points some classes are useless-Weapon balance is bad. Suppressed weapons are much better and due to armor mechanics any weapon that shoots a lot of bullet is much better than weapons that are powerful and accurate.-Your squad feels like a chess piece instead of characters due to limited dialogues
,Recommended,248610,21735245,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,N/A,I do luv this game alot its really fun and cool but its a shame that i cant really play it anymore because they dont add anything in but otherwise its a cool strategic game where u have a squad and have to do diffrent objectives to take out the enemies and overall its really fun but u lose interest when u finish everything in the game so it has nothing else to offer but other than that i would defenetly recomend it so yea go get it
76561198002271190,Recommended,248610,19371104,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Llordus,"Well, this is a kind of tactical game I was waiting for a long time.Definitely worth to buy and play this game!"
76561198113085901,Recommended,248610,21842050,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Obloid,You CAN in fact kick through not one but several doors.
,Recommended,248610,21008270,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Lowspeed,"Just a nice throw back to the Rainbow 6: Raven Shield game. But done without the FPS element. All about tactics, and the methodical approach which are rewarded. This game rewards the micromanagers out there, a.k.a. trust issue operators.Protip: Practice strafing. Use the Go commands as often."
,Recommended,248610,20959310,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Hedphonze,"It's easy to tell that the people behind Door Kickers poured a lot of passion into this game.As a player, you can expect to be challenged and engaged. It's a great game, however it does start to get stale rather quickly; despite workshop implementation."
,Recommended,248610,20800962,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Adam Cavendish,"I quite like this game.However, the AI strategy is not good enough:1. The enermies seem to follow one of the paths pre-planed2. The SWAT team does not react like a SWAT3. SWAT does not move and stay like an idiot when a teammate is in his shooting trajectory4. SWAT doesn't know to hide himself and standing like a school bully saying ""oh, you look at me here!"" after throwing in a flashbomb or a grenade, and then shot down by the enermy.5. The SWAT path planner does not allow us to modify a subpath (I don't have suggestions here, and I would like to consider it quite hard to deal with the interaction here)Despite the cons listed above, I'm still quite in favor of the game of its idea and strategy still, and I hope for the best for the developers team to do their best to make a great game in their next one."
,Recommended,248610,14171079,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Sgtdragonfire,American militarisation of the police simulator 201611/10 would be the army under another name again.
,Recommended,248610,21117980,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Slick,"Did you play the original Rainbow Six?  Do you remember the part of the game where you got to make the plan for your whole team, and then watch them execute it?  Did you love that part?Buy this game.Do you wish that X-COM and Hotline Miami had a baby and it was about cops?Buy this game.Do you play games on the highest difficulty because you want a fair challenge?Buy this game.I wholeheartedly recommend this game."
,Recommended,248610,21608556,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Phatboy,"If you like the idea of a world where police shoot criminals on sight with high-powered weapons, you'll love this game. Justice for all!"
,Recommended,248610,21591158,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,MagicD3VIL,"9/10Well made game, fun to play and good challenge. You will definitely enjoy this if you are associated w/ tactics and police action operations. Good graphic, sound effects and game mechanics but sometimes you can feel the actions are repeating at some missions."
,Recommended,248610,17438975,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Docsavage1999,"Doorkickers is a fun door kicking sim. about the harsh police inforcement under the control of the capatilist American government and how the police ruthlessly be-head and tear limb from limb (and tase) the innocent drug dealers, killers and, kick the poor wooden doors."
,Recommended,248610,21513106,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Veledil,"Cool, fun, pretty legit. Recommended."
,Recommended,248610,22116410,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Spooky Scarington,"Finally, a game that makes playing the Good Guys fun and rewarding."
,Recommended,248610,22155514,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,SCUM FUCK MACARONI BOY,'s good
76561198289206090,Recommended,248610,21932172,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,nerv,The very good tactical game.
76561197980914614,Recommended,248610,25288056,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,dwolf420,Great tactical strategy game. Excited for Door Kickers 2
76561198023412575,Recommended,248610,25287807,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,kkdude,"A great, very difficult, game about planning swat raids on many locations with various objecticves. The game is fun and has a level editor for theoretically infinite replay value, and is great for just punching througha few missions while listening to a podcast or something. Also worth noting that the thing would run on a potato and runs great on anything else."
,Recommended,248610,20182080,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Uncle Angry,great little game.you dont win best tactic 2014 for nothing.tango down
76561197972108199,Recommended,248610,20181207,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ZCSlayer,Fun tactical planning game.
76561198012161608,Recommended,248610,12751285,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Johnny BazOoka,"Awesome game, replayable. dodgy planning tools (outlines on action/waypoint icons are too ""fat"") making it frustrating to plan/replan at times, this is a minor setback in the grand scope of this game though. Be carefull with player made weapon mods as they can/tend to make your team overpowered. GG; that satisfaction you get from a perfect plan...its just ace."
,Recommended,248610,12835721,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,[0tR] Gatlink,"A really fun gun, even if it is a bit obscure at first. It is incredibly rewarding to watching your plan unfold without a hitch."
,Recommended,248610,12624231,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Alpha & Omega,"This is already one of my favorite indie games together with Papers Please, Mark of the Ninja, Risk of Rain and so on.It's smart, fun and has a ton of other game elements in it, this all together makes this to a really good game with a lot of replay value and it has mods that are awesome.For me cleary a must buy.*edit*The more I play the better it gets, it's now easily my favorite indie-game."
,Recommended,248610,12968580,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Harry,"1  Reason i like doorkickers is how its so simple but it makes the game very effective and fun. Its very fun and enjoyble, with lots of fun packed and hard levels but it dont just t end there as there is its own in game generator and even map editor. The only problem i find that will effective a few people is that some of the mission's need allot of planning but if you don't like planning well then this game is gonna be bad for you. but going back into the good side again is that i like how its very strategic because you dotn just send your men into  room with hostiles in there but you have to like throw a grenade or flashbang which i think makes it good cuz then its a challenge. anyway overall i rate this game a 8.5/10 very enjoyable but you need to like planning and stuff"
,Recommended,248610,7517819,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Mathias the Vegan,"A really nice tactic game that does NOT work turn by turn. Concept is genious, really recommended to pre-order it and try the alpha version, the price will grow while the game grow and trust me this game have allot of potential.5 on 5"
,Recommended,248610,12254382,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,N(o)C,"Awesome tactical SWAT game from an RTS perspective, I've spent ages in this game, and it's one of the only things I've spent time actually trying to do the best I can in. Almost makes me want to join the SWAT."
,Recommended,248610,12130361,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,"It's ya boi, Fancy Ass Fulgrim","Cheap, easy and reliable Fanta advertisement. 10/10 But, in all seriousness, great game. Smooth and enjoyable gameplay, mixed with some surprisingly deep tactics."
,Recommended,248610,12663393,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,axkx8x7,"I bought this game in early access. Now that it's out I've got to say, it was a worthwhile and positive experience going through the alpha builds of this game.I'd recommend it to anyone that enjoys tactical planning/action. One of the best parts of Door Kickers to me is that every level is fresh; even if you restart the same level 'cause your squad got pwn3d, might happen again and again due to different enemy layouts/routes/actions.Only 'con' I could possibly say about the game is a reeaal lack of narrative per se', but♥♥♥♥♥♥ do you wanna sit there n read about how some fake criminals are oh so bad, or do you wanna kick some doors? ;DPersonal rate: 4 outta 5"
,Recommended,248610,12668370,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Fawkzi,"An absolutely outstanding experience, I've really never played a game like it before.Door Kickers is a top down, Real time strategy game unlike any other i have played before. you control a swat team of various size depending on the mission you pick, you can either chose single missions or play a campaign mode which is a set of specific missions with varying objectives that span all game types. Drug Busts, Hostage Rescue, Elimination, arrest warrant. and so on.You have two ways you can do this, create a plan in the planning phase or just go all out and control the team members in real time (I do not recomend this) The planning is the star of this game, set each individual team members path of movement and direction they are facing, set certain way points such as getting them to hold a certain position until all hostiles in his field of view are dead or getting them to hold a certain position until you give them the go ahead to continue n their pre-planned path.How well this plan is executed however is dependant on the equipment and upgrades you have unlocked. After each mission you are awarded EXP, how much EXP you are awarded is dependant on how many stars you were rated and how many challenges you completed within the mission.EXP goes toward levels which span your entire team, each time you level up you ear stars and points, the stars can be spent on new and better gear where as the points are spent in the skill tree to improve your team members proficiency with certain weapons.the game has classes, at first you just have the ""point Man"" class but you soon start to unlock the others. Assaulter, Shield, Breacher and Stealth. each one unlocking at a specific milestone. when you first start out you'll most likely spend a lot of time replaying old missions to get used to the mechanics but it's when you've unlocked every class that the game really picks up.Customizing your team per mission with the classes certain missions may need.The game comes with a mission creator though the UI in that map creator isn't very helpful, in fact it feels like more of a hinderence, text of items over lap each other to the point where you can't read them and the creator also offers you no help, no explanation on how to use the funtion.it is a very in depth mission creator when you look at everything you are able to place and control but as i said, it offers you no explanation on how to use these things.For example i clicked on the ""Walls"" tool, expecting myself to be able to place walls only for the walls not showing up at all in the test run of the map and since the creator offers you no help, i had no idea why this wasn't happening.All in all i'd give this ame a 7/10 and that 7 comes from the main game alone, the map creator gets a 0 from me purely because it offers you no help what so ever, like it expects you to know how to use everything without ever having used it before."
,Recommended,248610,19913045,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Necrotemus,"Charles, it's quiet easy, after I pick-lock the door, rush in the corridor and wait my clear. I will cover you and I'll check the first room in the left. After we move together in the living room. Look again in my pad.Ok Bronson, but I don't think it's so easy like this game show.Charles, we did this many times, don't be a ♥♥♥♥♥.Aye Bronson, but I'm tired to repeat again just to take the 3 starts, I would like to move to the next step with the other guys and the smg.I've understood, let try it once again, ok?OK OK, after all we are getting better, I remember my first time where I need to understand to trow the flash-bang before to break into the room, and we had both only a light jacket and stupid guns. I hope to be ready soon to join the guys in the big campaign.Aye, but you know how that our commander is a dammed control freak, he whats that we reach all the goal to get better resources to equip us. Do you think that I was happy to deal with the 6 terrorist alone last time? I don't give a s**t to ""improve the performance"" or ""get under the national average time, boy"". If he keep doing that I am going to report to the HR office.Definitely he's mad, easy to stay in the office and plan everything on the board, telling do that, after that, wait for A, wait for B... sometimes I haven't enough time to reload, and he wants that I break in a kitchen after a fight against 5 Santos.Pete, liking the right part now he's working as a sniper, easy job, no danger and he doesn't have to help to clean or take the evidences.Silence, he's just finished to plan again, be ready.A, engage!----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Charles and Bronson like:- put in pause to update the strategy- select many roles, weapons and equip (well, it depends to the commander strategy)- hold the position and let the other guys go ahead- a good plan- the possibility to coordinate complex actions.Charles and Bronson doesn't like:- censured by the captainThe captain like:- challenges- random situation- a huge quantity of scenarios, to make stronger his position when he will run for the Major seat- be stealth to collect much drugs is possible- be ramboid to collect much macho statusJohn ""Hannibal"" Smith opinion:""I love it when a plan comes together. (Hannibal)"""
,Recommended,248610,19929170,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Riddle,"I got this game yesterday and already have 9 hours played. I know that might not seem like a lot, but I don't normally play video games very often. This game is very fun and if you are looking for a good game to sink some hours into, I highly suggest it. Especially while it's on sale."
76561198015175643,Recommended,248610,19926427,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,EdGunnerForHire,"Incredible game!!This action-paced indie game is great for casual and hardcore gamers, I discovered this game on Steam Winter sale and loved it. It has the same idea from Rainbow Six: Siege, with the same tactical thing in the game, but more simplified. Door Kickers resemble Hotline Miami, with the top view of the map, giving you more tactical advantage above the enemies. This game worth the money spent and if you get it, you won't regret."
76561198035565215,Recommended,248610,19915098,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Supergluez,Absolutely great. For people who missed SWAT game series. Tactical shooting at its best.
76561198055678955,Recommended,248610,19991894,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Lightru,I could say this game is really kicking the door am i right ;D......im sorry for that.
76561197960819836,Recommended,248610,20000829,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Oliver-B,"Veteran Rainbow Six and Rainbow Six: Rouge Spear guy here!I got this for my oldie laptop because of the simple but deep gameplay.I love the real world weapons, tactics, replay button, mods, infinite replayability, graphics, and satisfying gameplay!Buy it now!"
76561198174619262,Recommended,248610,19954924,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,wintercooled,Whilst it's good fun to plan your attack the point of doing so is ruined somewhat by the randomness of the game.An entrance that can work twice in a row can fail on the third because the enemies suddenly kill you whereas previuosly they didn't. I'm assuming that this is because they have an element of randoness when they are generated or open fire.In other games this would be fair enough as it keeps the level from becoming too linear however in a game that tries to sell itself on the planning aspect it becomes pretty annoying quite quickly.You can edit the maps to remove the random enemy start points and play each one as a custom map but this means you don't get the progression of characters and equipment etc. that you would playing them normally.Maybe it's just me as I think the game would work much better if it were more like a puzzle game where your planning actually counted for more. I am still recommending it if picked up in a sale.
76561198064779545,Recommended,248610,20018317,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Pedantic Sandwich Man,<.<>.>....I love it when a plan comes together.  ^.^
,Recommended,248610,20042274,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,dtortot,"Challenging and fun, controls could be better but do the job. Great game to play and have a good amount of fun, lots of replayability. Could get frustrating with the trial and error, but if yu are up to that kind of thing it will pay off."
,Recommended,248610,19958233,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,They call me Lez,"Nice one! But a bit hard for me. Anyway, I like this game"
76561198127366964,Recommended,248610,30665049,Posted: 22 March,all,Vam,"This gane had 3 cousins and sitting for hours trying to out do each others time. Its fun, tatical and realistic enough abd most importantly a good challenge that punishes bad plans."
76561198067236107,Recommended,248610,20094817,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,KnightLiker,"Is the game good? YesIs the game what you think it is when you see the videos? Not really.Let me explain: When you see the videos you see somekind of fast paced strategy game, but it's not really like that. You need to plan ahead and then unpause, and yeah, it's a bit more tricky to actually make them do what you want them to do, so sometimes you unpause and they don't really do what you want.I guess it takes time to get used to it, personally, it wasn't my cup of tea, but for people who have a bit more patience with the simple yet weird UI, and you like strategy and planning and watching the magic happen, this game is for you.I will still recommend it for people who know what they are getting."
,Recommended,248610,20021912,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Woods,Very good game. Fun and addicting
,Recommended,248610,20051565,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,PancakeBravo,Much tactical.Many tango downs.Seriously lots of fun.
,Recommended,248610,22362649,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,HeyItsMcKay,"A Top-Down tactical semi-realtime SWAT simulator with a solid modding community, built in level editor, and a sequal in the works. A definite good buy."
76561198035117579,Recommended,248610,22419259,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,WaSting_Tim3,This game is a very fun tactical game! you can chose what you want to do and what plan you want to take as you  can go back edit your strategy with a good amount of levels!10/10 would have one guy with pistol take out 15 armed to the teeth robbers.
,Recommended,248610,22380675,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,爱阔少,"Once I thought a turn-based strategy game with guns was silly, you can't fire while moving, you can't plan precisely to kill multiple targets at the same time, shooting each other behind cover is just boring, mostly it's only about random numbers and luck, and it takes long to retry a mission if you get messed up.Then I found Door Kickers, and it's just all I wanted.Realtime strategy with free pauseSo many maps and missions, even random generated mapsLots of guns and equipsMap editor and MODsIf you want more challenge, try realtime with no pause or one single planJust can't ask for more"
76561198032761932,Recommended,248610,22439722,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Gigaxe,This is a very fun game to play and suprisingly addictive.You will keep being drawn back to complete one more level or to perfect your tactical plans.
,Recommended,248610,22435697,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Redneck,"Surprisingly fun game. Requires tactical approach, but leaves some room for brutally gunning down tango's. Would recommend."
76561198169866779,Recommended,248610,22459304,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,The Professor,try to keep your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ soldiers alivewatch three of your soldiers get gunned down as they stare blankly at the enemyrealize this game takes place in a world where all soldiers are cripplingly mentally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥restart
,Recommended,248610,22670408,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Piratebop,Door Kickers is a great fun S.W.A.T top down game. Anyone hwo enjoys police video games this is one of the firt truley tactical and stategical games I have played related to SWAT. This is a must buy!
,Recommended,248610,22714841,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,SomaliYachtClub,Now even though it says Ive only played for 6 hours its benn well over a hundred. All I have to say Its fastcinating how someting so simple can turn into something complex and frustrating. This is for all those who dont quit and enjoy beating the odds though tactics. When picking up this Game I reccomend embracing failure.
76561198014157925,Recommended,248610,24250295,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Golias,Great game. I played Swat 2 and this game is like a sequel of it. It can be quite challenging!
,Recommended,248610,24211480,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,karsp00ky,"You will spend 15 to 40 minutes preparing a plan which might or might not fail in the first 5 seconds, and you will love it."
,Recommended,248610,24162010,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Starco,"Did 30 minutes of planning to win a mission, but then suddenly fail because of one enemy accidentaly shooting a hostage.10/10 would plan again"
,Recommended,248610,24156593,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,FaTaL_PrIdE,Turned this on for a quick play before bed.Never went to bed.11/10 would simulate insomnia again
76561198023928179,Recommended,248610,24191110,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,MAGMA,Fantastic strategy game. Great fun :)))
76561198271961668,Recommended,248610,24338322,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Boobyfanatic,"It's really fun. I have the mobile and the controls are hard, but on the computer it's a lot easier."
76561198093357224,Recommended,248610,24327711,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Meat (Cooper) Coolant,"Being a die-hard fan of the Rainbow 6 series and SWAT 4, this game does a great job at scratching that tactical itch.Door Kickers is fantastic in it's ability to blend simple controls with complex gameplay with countless levels in both the game and Steam Workshop to give this game insane replayability. And with a level editor/creator, your map selection is practically limitless.The game really shines in how it forces the player to be extremely considerate of the layout of the entire level. Preparation of engagement as well as the gear outfitted to your squad can mean the difference between a mission going off without a hitch and complete disaster. You'll find yourself spending 30 minutes to an hour on a single level just to perform the mission perfectly.Don't let the 20 dollar price tag for a 2D game fool you, this game is well worth it. If it shows up on sale, more power to you.9/10- So much more than what you'd expect from a simple 2D top-down shooter."
,Recommended,248610,24328169,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,[2.FJg]Malibu-Schtz,"It's great. The mods give you an endless supply of missions, along the already included huge selection. Was never a fan of strategy games until this. Absolute gem, wonderful to play once you know how to plan your attack and you complete it in one run without replanning halfway through. 9/10. Cannot wait for the second game!"
76561197999118949,Recommended,248610,24330653,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Polyurethane,"I really like the game and recommend it.Controls are unique and fun but difficult to get used to it. You should not give up until you learn properly.However contents could be more or distributed better. After 2 campaigns, you can buy the best weapons and easily proceed the game.Next game should be more promising in this manner.7.5/10"
,Recommended,248610,24300274,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Not Necessarily Fish,"I get bored of games very very easily. Door Kickers keeps me coming back because it is an incredible, well-balanced, challenging yet fair strategy game. This is at the top of my list."
76561198035054121,Recommended,248610,24260579,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Viking,"I've yet to find a game I got so in to so quickly! I forged my SWAT team with friends names and geared them up to match. We cleared building after building, each with a different layout and a more intense situation brewing. Guns blazing, flash bursting and blood flowing! Fast paced, exciting and it's actually very good fun! Nothing worse than losing a good trooper to some cartel drug-smuggler with a good hiding spot.10/10 would check corners again."
76561198010366377,Recommended,248610,20205060,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Maverati,Top down rainbow six game with simpler graphics and gameplay
,Recommended,248610,20188884,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Calo,This is the first game I played this year
,Recommended,248610,20194846,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Dragonhead Gaming,Enjoyed the game and played all the missions. Gets a little boring once you've been through all the missions multiple times but it does have workshop support and the ability to make your own campaigns and missions.
76561198073536775,Recommended,248610,20225636,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Dusty_Togu,"if you played SWAT series YOU would want this game!! This game is unforgivable and forgibale at the same time. You will get a hard time when you try for a perfect mission without injuries or kia's. You won't regret if you liked Jagged Alliance or XCOM. To me this is fast pace game but it will steal alot of precious times from your CS, BF, COD, GTA games."
,Recommended,248610,20264325,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,trill liam,great game
76561198056567789,Recommended,248610,20195566,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,hornetiquette,"Just done the first half a dozen levels or so and liking thus gem of a game... small men, point and click, always a winner!"
,Recommended,248610,20199050,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,wulfmother,"Door Kickers: a tactical, strategy game has been exactly that. The game proves challenging in all the right places. The game is a load of fun and makes you think. I don't have too much to say about it other than it does what it says and it does it well. If you are looking for a tactical strategy game then I doubt you could go wrong with Door Kickers, especially while it is on sale."
76561197997874693,Recommended,248610,20238830,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,zippythezip,"I have ""breech and clear"" and was expecting the same, but this game is so much better.Would have liked a more RPG feel to your squad as it hard to see who is who.Another gripe would be that I am never going to get 3 star maps as I go so slow and careful."
,Recommended,248610,20620871,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Gee,Super easy to learn yet it's quite challenging to get 3 stars on many levels. Load time is mere seconds and most levels can be completed in under 2 minutes so it's great when you don't have a lot of time. Workshop is a bonus.
,Recommended,248610,21759443,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Enjoybeta,"Very interesting game which can be played in both real-time or ""round-based"", however it is kind of hard to manuver 2 marines to kick doors at the same time which maybe better in future. But the large amount of maps and missions are very challenging and interesting. Overall it is a game wouldn't be regret to buy."
76561197964604644,Recommended,248610,21422149,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Panzerman105,"This game is great; it’s simple to play, but difficult to master.  There’s a ton of content with varied maps and mission types which offer different challenges.  It’s kind of reminiscent of the old school rainbow six games planning phase but you get to play through your plans live in top down view... and it looks great."
76561197972801440,Recommended,248610,21419219,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Nyarlathotep,Too much fun... too... much... fun...
76561198036341056,Recommended,248610,20315039,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Mr. Mouth & the Taste Buds,I have a fetish for kicking down doors and this game pleases me
,Recommended,248610,20456257,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Precariat,"Fantastic strategy game that plays as fast or as slow as you want. Many maps, missions, and equipment. More content and more fun than I expected!"
,Recommended,248610,13516178,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Tosh,Best Tactical game I had EVER played!!!
,Recommended,248610,13517152,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,frgvn,This game is great! It's like a puzzle game for badasses!
76561198003725618,Recommended,248610,13733713,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Captain gash,"Most of the other reviewers have nailed the main points. I was reluctant to buy this game as it did not receive very good reviews by the critics (80%) ish. It was however on sale so i gave it a go. Its a great game, anyone who enjoyed the rainbow six series will love this game. i really enjoyed it."
76561198011059818,Recommended,248610,13697785,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Chalupa Batman,One of the best purchases I made this year totally worth the price and you will def have fun. This is what breach and clear should've been but this is a million times better and polished. You can sink so many hours customizing your team and doing each mission a diffent way multiple times. Replay value is awesome and I can't recommend this game enough to people. It is challenging at times but doable just have to do a mission a couple of times and switch up your team or strategy.
76561198054697236,Recommended,248610,13747424,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,zeeboing,"If you are a fan of the Rainbow 6 series and you don't have this game.........why not?  This is a seriously good game!  10/10  (PS: If you like this, try Mark Of The Ninja as well.  Similar graphics and strategy.)"
,Recommended,248610,13562060,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,SirChewi3,"This game has some of the highest replayability ive ever seen. It has several campaigns, tons of challenge levels, level editor, steam workshop support where you can get even more levels, and a random level generator. You can literally play an infinite amount of different levels of differing complexity. It ticks all the right boxes. The only game I can think of that you can loosely compare it to would be hotline miami in that its a top down room clearing shooter but thats where the similarity ends. Door kickers lets you pause and start the gameplay at will to change your plan for your team on the fly to account for dynamically changing enemy positions. This is a god send for those who dont want to meticulously plan out an entire mission from the very beginning and will keep you on your toes. There are so may more things i could write but im too lazy and i dont want to. Just get this game! Its rated 97% positive for a reason."
76561198009719502,Recommended,248610,13562161,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,BuLLeT.ZA,"I can't over state how awesome this game is!For anyone that's ever had an interest in smooth SWAT or Special Forces operations, this game will delight you.The range of customization is awesome, and even though the planning itself could be improved, you can easily compensate for it.The thrill of pulling off a well planned mission is incredible, and certainly trumps any expectations I might have had.This game is worth it's asking price, but it's a steal when it's on sale. GET IT.Ps.(Multiplayer IS coming!)"
,Recommended,248610,13565200,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Natural C@Sh3ws,"An awesome CQB game that's worth getting considering it's price. But before judging this game if your into CQB types, remember to see all aspects of the game and learn all controls. This game is unique compared to other games it's competing against.Doorkickers offers many features that seem more modern and up to date in gaming.Love this game. It doesn't end with repetitive missions and is really neat for using your CQB protocols and tactics."
,Recommended,248610,13577986,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Mr.White,"Very good tactical game, simple interface and satisfying missions, even random ones."
76561198000894639,Recommended,248610,13582061,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,[NGF] scififreak339,I've been looking for a good SWAT game and door kickers delivers
,Recommended,248610,13558117,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Chanman,A lot like the equipping and planning portions of Rainbow 6 (the original)
76561198003309856,Recommended,248610,13559833,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,MuddyHelmut,BWWWWWAAAAHHHPPPPTen/10
76561198036098640,Recommended,248610,13561057,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Chesty Puller,"An amazing tactical SWAT game in the vein of old school Rainbow Six and the SWAT series. Fans of games like Frozen Synapse, the old Rainbow Six games, SWAT, Breach and Clear, and strategy games in general will not be let down."
,Recommended,248610,15632614,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Canoness Leona,"one of the best tatical games out there. getting to name each squad member is fun and each guy kinda gets a personality you make up. this game makes you feel like the comander of the operation ....such a good game just why have you not got it yet ??????PROS.  choicelots of mapslooks greatsimple controls,but you can set up complex planswhen your plan works so good you feel like a bossmusic is the bestCONS.not a lot"
,Recommended,248610,15679620,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Big PAPA,Great Game. Brings a toughness that is addictive rather than annoying. Adds strategy and thought into every level. 9.8/10. I would and have recomended to friends!
,Recommended,248610,25916846,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,bigyellowtrafficcone,It's an open ended puzzle game with guns.
76561198260411013,Recommended,248610,25603037,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,ImperatorScipio,This game is just excellent. I was looking for a relatively low-cost fun game to kill my time and now I'm addicted to it. 9/10
,Recommended,248610,30871691,Posted: 1 April,all,MartinOk™,awesome game!
,Recommended,248610,24590296,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,ATechnoTurtle,Nice tactical / strategy game.
76561198169721803,Recommended,248610,24525017,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,1-800-588-2300 EMPIRE,"Great game, campaign is not required to play, but it is satisfyingly difficult. I personally just play the game casually with the random mission generator. It is extremely easy to progress and buy all of the gear (assuming you are playing anything other than the campaign.) It keeps me occupied, and is definitely worth anybodies time.P.S This game does suffer from Swat 3 syndrome, meaning that there is only of nonlethal weapon option. This game however, does not reward one play style more than another, as long as you keep your men alive."
,Recommended,248610,19622416,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,EliteWolfie,"A very nice and realistic SWAT based game. The only things that aren't realistic are the field of view of the A.I. and the friendly A.I. not being able to shoot on the shoulders of their team mates. Other than those two things, I would say it is pretty spot on, though you should only get this if you are into tactical based games."
76561198021624011,Recommended,248610,24489017,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,MillanFung,enjoy it
76561198034174211,Recommended,248610,24493705,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Pepe Silvia,Sorta like Rainbow6 meets X-Com. Awesome stuff.Just beware the perma-death in campaigns. Dead soldiers don't come back. Ever. I lost my whole team on the ambush mission.
,Recommended,248610,24578571,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,やめて せんぱい ?!,"Just started playing and it blows my mind, it resembles the game Breach and Clear, but far more better in terms of gameplay mechanics and graphics. It is was i expected from Breach & Clear.If you like tactical & strategy , its great. if you like indie game, its great. If you like games with replayability, its great.Definitely recommend it !"
,Recommended,248610,24662709,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Hansmeister,Wow did not expect to be so addicted to this game.
76561198242342540,Recommended,248610,24567891,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,RaringWriting,"Simply amazing game! I heard they're coming out with a new one, count me in for buying that!"
,Recommended,248610,25037218,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,eco,"A fun game to play. I'm at 27h game play and still enjoying it very much. There are loads of maps and if that's not enough, you can generate them too. Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,248610,25034417,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Potato McSalad,This game is so underrated.Will definitely buy the sequel.
76561198091599512,Recommended,248610,25099390,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Vyyrakk,Fun.
,Recommended,248610,25109185,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,ser 1-eyed duck,"never put a cop near a door,it might kick"
,Recommended,248610,25059240,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,TacticalToaster88,DOOR KICKERS:Pros:+ Awesome soundtrack!+ Pausable gameplay.+ Great tactics.+ Good game mechanics.+ Swat raids!Cons:+ There are no cons!10/10 Stars!I highly recommend this game to everyone!
,Recommended,248610,26434895,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Tech,Great game. simple and fun. Good for wasting time. totaly worth picking it up
,Recommended,248610,9691650,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Pavel the red,"'Very good strategy game, in Alpha, so this game is gonna be awesome..'not in alpha anymore, its definitly one of (if not the best) strategy tactical game.Its in real time but you can pause to make your plan how you wish, with a lot of equipement to unlock (weapons, armor, etc etc) and a ton of mission, a mission generator, a campaign, and all the mods.You can play either on android/ios or steam, both are really great and will keep you long enough on!its defintly worth a try"
,Recommended,248610,26304799,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Angry__Bull,Can't wait for 2!!
,Recommended,248610,10245219,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Ternami,2d rainbow6 like game done well
76561198078480418,Recommended,248610,14595299,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Silenthunder52,"This is the Police tactics game the worlds needed and I've always wanted.So lets make this quick.- Their isn't any difficulty settings, only your mind is the limiter to each and every mission.- The campaigns really make perfection a crucial detail because death is permanent.- Each mission has semi random spawn points so that you'll get a surprise each time- Random mission generator allows unlimited training that will always keep you coming back to play- Many weapons to choose from allowing you to mimic real world SWAT teams or pick your favourites- Steam workshop availibility for easy access to new and fun mods"
,Recommended,248610,14596450,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,-[CaRBinE]-*,Brilliant !! simple gameplay ideas and great soundtrack on this game.
76561197967502715,Recommended,248610,14513930,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,xenter,"Good old Rainbow Six is back. Only this time without the FPS part.The game is very simple to get into and controls are easy. Music and sounds get you pumped up as you spend your time planning your mission.Positives: Action packed tactic and puzzle missions, unlocks to be had, team progression, kit selections, moddable on top of all the content and missions which the game already has.Negatives: Needs more background sounds, I'm tired of hearing Bush speak. Missions and campaigns have a too big difference in awards. Would be nice with hotkeys for ALL commands (switching to secondary, planting breach, flashbang).Thanks to Lirik from Twitch for showing this game."
,Recommended,248610,14273743,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Bacondoughnut,Door kickers is full of brain-destroying strategy SWAT madness! Awesome game overall.
,Recommended,248610,14249416,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Æ²³,simply entertaining
76561198025327974,Recommended,248610,14629104,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Brian C Hayes,First review I have ever written on steam. Buy it.
,Recommended,248610,14629775,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Fish,"Hmm... what should I say?Most of what i want to say are already covered in other ppl's reviews, so do I really need to do another review for this game?well yes and no.""no"" because most of what i want to say have already been covered.""yes"" because i feel like this game deserves more attention.If you're a fan of tactics, this game is a must-have in my opinion.It is very tactical and feature-rich, and a well-planned assault is simply a beauty to watch.combine that with mod support, and built-in mission editor, mission generator, and map sharing, you can have endless hours of tactical fun with this game."
,Recommended,248610,12885759,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Czar,"Absolutely one of the most precious gem on independent development that went on steam.Very engaging from various different levels of approach the user can have. From being very casual to very demanding into preparing the mission and execution of each one of your squad members and gear.It has a very interesting mission generator with randomization and vast range of mission sizes.Although not incredibly complex, mission planning can get a little problematic if you make messy paths on planning, especialy if you want to change anything in the middle of a furball that player can make with paths and orders.Despite some problems this is the most tactical a simple game have been from a long time without getting into mil sims.To anyone that have played the first Rainbow Six series and Swat series of games I totally recommend this."
,Recommended,248610,31575241,Posted: 6 May,all,☭✯Cp☨Zѧy☨sєѷ✯☭,"not my favorite game in the library, but a ♥♥♥♥ing awesome game that is actually worth playing"
,Recommended,248610,31584403,Posted: 6 May,all,[GPF] Bloodbag,"Those years of practice in MS Paint finally paid off.Anyway if you miss the thorough planning of old Rainbow Six games, this is your holy grail. Just be prepared to draw a lot of lines."
76561198068776948,Recommended,248610,31619336,Posted: 7 May,all,michaelrusz,"Doors suck, so blast em off those hinges in this thrilling door removal simulator! 10/10 door/ terrorist removal service"
76561197987613673,Recommended,248610,31640350,Posted: 8 May,all,[LHI] kaladorn,"Top down entry-team fun! Play it in real time with multiple players (for some laughs and lots of fail) or play it in plan mode as single player and run your team through the entry op.Some are neutralize all hostiles, some are hostage situation, some are hostage with gun to head (easy to lose those), some are stop robberies, defuse explosives, capture information sources, and the list goes on - VIP protection is fun!There are all sorts of locales from a beach house to a parking garage to a country house to pretty much you name it - lots of levels have been created and are available.The operation plans you can create are exceptionally varied and can include conditional actions and pauses to help sync up your team's activities.As you practice, more types of gear opens up for each specialty on the team. Patience is required to get the whole loadout, but you don't need all of the options if you look at what some systems can do (there is some overlap in stats or in uses) and pick carefully.Missions provide up to 3 stars and sometimes getting 2 stars is pretty hard, let alone 3. But then you get better gear eventually, get a better plan, and try again. Eventually you hit on the working combination.You can use a limited amount of stealth once you get lock guns/lock picks, silenced weapons, and a stealth specialist. You can use a bit before all that, but it is easier with all those bits.And it usually pays to be patient and use caution, flashbangs, stingballs, and so on to clear ahead before going in. Sometimes though, with a short time limit, you have to run b*lls-to-the-wall and still arrange not to accidentally kill your own hostage you are trying to save.I don't really have any complaint about this game except that I'd like to see more large maps with outdoor areas. I suppose it would also be nice to see them figure a way to put a police robot into the game (demolitions)."
76561197999399886,Recommended,248610,31549554,Posted: 4 May,all,winters310190,Hilarious !Gold mine of fun !Difficult enough to make you swear but not enough to make you give up. Graphics and gameplay  just the right level for those who play for graphics and those who play for UI. A game for anyone who wanted a decent armed police game or those from my era with rainbow six etc. The top down is different but so much fun and the tactical input is beyond detailed. Like strategy ? Love this game :)
,Recommended,248610,31499528,Posted: 1 May,all,ChrisBalderst0n,Tactical Very good imo!
,Recommended,248610,31736852,Posted: 13 May,all,Soggy,pretty good
,Recommended,248610,31779396,Posted: 15 May,all,Daddy Sureloc,"Fun tactical game, can import and export saves to a tablet with the game on it and player made levels add nearly infinite content"
,Recommended,248610,31585707,Posted: 6 May,all,John,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LBduNcf1eQc
,Recommended,248610,31943819,Posted: 24 May,all,sxingxi,"The only ""tactical"" game I ever played, where tactics actually matters. Highest fun/tedium ratio I've ever encountered in games. The mechanics are very easy to get into, but they are complex and allow for some really smart planning. Can't wait for Door Kickers 2."
76561198089622694,Recommended,248610,20022337,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,鯖,"fun with intense combat, educational and entertaining.TL;DRFLASHBANG!"
,Recommended,248610,31955010,Posted: 25 May,all,Schmiddy,"Got 20 hours of gameplay out of it, after 15 it starts to feel somewhat repetitive, but otherwise fantastic game.I'm a very stingy person so I wouldn't necessarily pay $20 for it, but easily worth $10 or under if it's on sale."
76561198007762935,Recommended,248610,31966381,Posted: 25 May,all,doyle600,Multiplayer needed. Good game.
,Recommended,248610,32045611,Posted: 29 May,all,MadSniper,"very fun, you need to think about everything, what equipment, what weapons, where to enter. the game is fun and with comunity creations and map maker, it has lots of play time"
76561197993272889,Recommended,248610,32097473,Posted: 31 May,all,poltrojan,Highly recommended for s.w.a.t. top down simulation run.
,Recommended,248610,32167133,Posted: 3 June,all,ThatWhiteGuy884,"Hardcore tactical strategy game, very rewarding clearing a building with no casualties"
76561198040952711,Recommended,248610,32189409,Posted: 4 June,all,Bravo-Two-Ten,This is a great game :)
76561198186390474,Recommended,248610,32209688,Posted: 5 June,all,Deputy Salty,So you may e on the edge of deciding if this game is worth it or not but if these qualities are things you appreciate BUY IT THE $20 IS WORTH IT!Real time stratagemTacticsFlash bangsCustom character load outsModsSteam WorkshopMap editor
76561198036014491,Recommended,248610,28666349,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,nfspredator,"It takes a couple of hours to unlock the good stuff,but the game is fun and I recommend it!"
,Recommended,248610,28618153,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Monkeys2808,I can't even describe how good this game is. It's really good. Take my word for it.
76561198140435102,Recommended,248610,28619414,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,savvym,"Challenging and frustrating tactical and action game with aspects of RPG and equiping your squad with various weapons. The classes are to make line between the styles and the approach how you are going to deal with enemies. Or you want to be quick or armed to teeth, but last unlocked class Stealth says the game is easiest with these guys who are quiet and fast. Being shield is good with support fire, being assaulter is good for quick killing, breacher is important for opening locked doors and there is nothing good with first class unless you want to play light with pistol.I unlocked all skills before approaching campaign which was supposed to be easy so I just ordered my men to go through the map and in second level they started to die. My levelling up was wasted by deaths, and only one of the experienced crew survived the easy and short campaign so yeah, this game is not easy."
76561197960936936,Recommended,248610,28604748,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Kenny,I’m not an Indi fan but this is a very good game.Plan you every movethen watch in horror as you totally miss a guy with an AK47 how then brutally murders all of the entire team.Nice plan
76561198019211052,Recommended,248610,28534840,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,alchim,"This Game is like Rainbow Six Siege in 2D, but much more content, 84 single missions, few campaigns. Mission and map generator and hundreds of maps made by players. Nice Tactical game."
,Recommended,248610,28690359,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,bill_banshee,Door Kickers is a particular game. It has his own style of gameplay which you control and giving orders to your troops to complete the objective. With 10 mens with 5 different classes you can build a powerful team that can do any kind of missions. Overall this game is great if you buy it on sale. 8/10
,Recommended,248610,27481788,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ben.benson,"If this had multiplayer...OMG! Still one of the absolute Top Games to recommend buying on Steam. Relaxed Gaming, Deep Tactcis, Very Creative! No brainer on sale!"
76561198096472822,Recommended,248610,27489019,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,YuriMiroka,You need to be very patient to kill all terrorists.
76561198112981059,Recommended,248610,27102506,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,choglit,This is a nice tactical squad game which plays well and has loads of maps to play on and at just over £2 its a bargain.
76561198212236341,Recommended,248610,28778937,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Ski92,"This game is a lot of fun, really easy to play. I enjoy the changes between levels and objectives. The ability to manage and equip your squad with a variety weapons, body armor, and special gear ( flashbang, breaching tools, ect) as well as pick the look of your squad members really helps to make them feel like your very own squad.  I would recommend this game."
76561198305440922,Recommended,248610,28786330,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,PREY SENSEI,Its a really cool game its so addicting too.
,Recommended,248610,28953222,Posted: 2 January,all,Jean Claude Van DANK,"Hotline Miami but times 10, with Spec Ops instead of drugs. 10/10"
,Recommended,248610,28921601,Posted: 1 January,all,TicklishRocket,Pros:Kick DoorsCons:???
76561198113240926,Recommended,248610,29057143,Posted: 6 January,all,Not Enough Gold,Buy if you wanna waste a lot of time and die young. 8/8.
,Recommended,248610,29075623,Posted: 6 January,all,Jariid,Brilliant game for a topdown shooter. Can't stress enough how fun it can be doing all the challenges.It's a game of repeat failure and stressful campaigns.
,Recommended,248610,28971672,Posted: 3 January,all,Awsum bets.gg,"One of the best strategy and tactical game i've ever played !The game's full of challenging levels, campaigns, and even it's own level editor.You can make your own level and challenge other players, or download any levels created by the community for FREEThis game is a great time killer, it also run smoothly on my laptop, this game worth it's price.On steam sales, you can get a copy for about 2$ only !!10/10 would recommend everyone who likes these type of games to buy and play it."
76561198046058452,Recommended,248610,28992477,Posted: 3 January,all,Gub,I can't beat it without the unlock all gear mod. 10/10
,Recommended,248610,28967743,Posted: 2 January,all,OrdinaryPanda,"Just started, and I can say right away that if you have a soft spot for old school Rainbow 6 where you plan out the entire raid, you'll enjoy this."
76561198023179699,Recommended,248610,28940936,Posted: 2 January,all,thomasedwardferrero,"Wonderful game, easy to learn, hard to master, and really fun."
76561198065038551,Recommended,248610,28946922,Posted: 2 January,all,Vector,Arre we rushin in? Or are we goin....sneaky beaky like?
,Recommended,248610,33203618,Posted: 3 July,all,Taint,"A not entirely realistic, but heavily satisfying top down raid-'em-up."
76561198093598722,Recommended,248610,33056853,Posted: 30 June,all,T-Bone,"This is a small package filled with joy, rage, and a little Post traumatic Stress Disorder. 10/10 would get my whole squad killed again :)"
,Recommended,248610,33057120,Posted: 30 June,all,Ranch,"Door Kickers is one of my favorite gams that I actually recommend to play, I mean for THREE. DOLLARS. You get a MASSIVE modding community, dozens of guns, tools, armor, and a very long game for what it's status is. Even ninteen dollars would be underated but two? My gosh I can sell a single pack of pencils and  get this game. Get. This. Game! I cannot stress to you how great, fantastic of a deal this is, I was addicted (IN A GOOD WAY) for solid week with just doing the single missions and community maps. This game runs at an easy and smooth average 30 FPS for me, and I have a real crappy computer with a lot of stuff downloaded onto it. Three dollars is not much, you can save that amount for a single week if you are in school, or college like I am and get this. I absolutly love this game. It's in Alpha (or beta I do not remember) and it is SUPER detailed! It does have only one or two bugs in the map editor, I have not even seen a single glitch or bug when I played it. You can just look up on youtube on how to make a map, there is bound to be one. Trust me only three dollars from you is great. I do not know how much it is in Euro or anything else so I am sorry who doesn't undertand USD. just copy the cost and paste it in a money converter, it should be cheap. I hope you all a great day/night!"
76561198024083378,Recommended,248610,33014261,Posted: 29 June,all,johndienye,An awesome game with just the right amount of difficulty.
76561197994124281,Recommended,248610,33006604,Posted: 29 June,all,SGR,"Pros:Good little game with definite replayability.Nice graphics and fog of war effectA good mix of single missions and campaignsDifferent equipment and weapons do have an effect on outcomes.Great game to pick up and play if you only have 15-30 minutes to spareA few niggles:Inability to plan across multiple floors, which makes some levels much harderInconsistent difficulty sometimes"
76561198057584338,Recommended,248610,33030218,Posted: 30 June,all,alexander2008,"Simple 2D graphics, ""simple"" gameplay. Pretty hard missions.Perfect if you are bored and it is pretty cheap.Totally recommend it!"
76561198064601942,Recommended,248610,33086464,Posted: 1 July,all,HeartofGold,"Quite honestly I initially torrented this game because i wasn't sure. One day I saw it on my homepage on some sale. I bought it, gladly. I legitimately felt terrible that I hadn't given any money to the developers of this really fun little game.  My official hours played does not do it justice. This game is fantastic. Takes some getting useful, and since replaying the exact same plan doesnt always net quite the same results, there is a little more randomness then I would like in a game like this. However, this is one of the view indie games that genuinely deserves its place in a strategy gamer's collection. You play, get better, try to improve, and feel the satisfaction when your improved skill leads to better results."
76561197979802830,Recommended,248610,28951706,Posted: 2 January,all,soul doubt,"One of those games i own on phone, tablet and PC. you can dip in and out or spend hours perfecting each level, great community, level designer, brilliant"
76561197970809967,Recommended,248610,33106647,Posted: 1 July,all,Lip_Gloss,Really fun and addictive game. Its like the old SWAT games but in 2D.
,Recommended,248610,33185462,Posted: 3 July,all,Gannicus,Yes
76561197986445833,Recommended,248610,33165460,Posted: 2 July,all,Can'tHitCrap!!!,Imagine a more Basic version of Xcom without the Grand Strategy/Plot to save Earth and the indepth class perks then substitute the turn by turn taction with a Pause button...Viola!.....I wish Xcom was more like this
,Recommended,248610,33211822,Posted: 3 July,all,mvm900,"Simple yet fun control style that allows you to play expertly if you're willing to put the time and effort in, but still relatively completable by playing at a more basic level. Nice aesthetic, really like how the weapons aren't just 'handgun 1, 2, 3' and so on."
76561198215378875,Recommended,248610,33272600,Posted: 5 July,all,SharpSoda,Fascinating tactical gameplay!
,Recommended,248610,33278739,Posted: 5 July,all,BP[Irudium],Not Bad
,Recommended,248610,33394378,Posted: 8 July,all,Kantele,"Tactics fans of the older Rainbow Six and SWAT games will definitely want to play this game. Realistic damage with an overhead view makes for an addicting experience. This game is deceptively simplistic, but it has a pretty robust planning system. You can plan an entire map before a bullet is even fired, but there is an on the fly planning feature, which is sometimes necessary to use to adapt your original plan. You can choose which directions to face while moving, waiting until areas are cleared, things like that.I love the XP system for a squad; you gradually earn skill points to spend in different ability trees as your squad levels up. There are also weapons and equipment you can purchase using stars earned from completed missions. And there is A LOT of content here; dozens of single missions, several campaigns consisting of linked missions where operative injury or death will carry over, and don't forget about the Steam Workshop support full of custom missions. I downloaded the Rainbow Six mod that substituted all the old music, chatter, and sound effects from the older games.Rainbow Six fans who loved to plan will find an itch scratched, but there are definitely areas left to be desired. The main complaint I have with the game is the planning is sometimes buggy or not deep enough. There are no teams, so you'll have to plan waypoints for each operative; that can get tedious if you're on a mission with 8 deployed. Often, if I'm trying to plan on the fly, I'll pause and put a go-code down for my man. Sometimes, if I try to plan a waypoint past it, it'll delete the go code and my man will just waltz into a room and ignore the original order. Other times, even when the go code is on a door, my operative will still ignore it and go charging in. The lack of depth is also frustrating: the game bases flashbanging rooms off of doors, but the AI is not smart enough to adapt to flashbang a room if a door is now open, when on the original plan it was closed. This forces you to have to order the flashbang again, but from outside the room. You'll have to redo any waypoints after that as well. Also, there are a couple multi-level maps where you can't even plan out the entire thing, making time trials far more difficult.I love the game when stuff goes right, but I find things slightly infuriating when the things that are going wrong are because the planning system is flawed in some key areas. Still, I can't help but come back to the game, because I still enjoy it immensely. When things go bad because of a boneheaded AI decision, I can only just shake my head and restart, trying to figure out a way around the game's jenk.But god damn, when I pull off a great takedown, you bet your♥♥♥♥♥I'm saving that replay. 7/10."
,Recommended,248610,33433818,Posted: 10 July,all,Epic,"Door Kickers is quite a phenominal game. I got this game because I remember all those moment playing team fps shooters, and me saying to myself when we lost, ""dood if i had control of our teamates i could pull off pro strats and win"".Well, this game has certainly proved me wrong. There are angles, armor, caliber, range, shields, and many other things in this game that make it the best tactical game mustered up. Different points and strategies of entry make difficult choices; should you flash in and move in your teamates from the other side of the room? Or should you perhaps plant charges on both sides and let mayhem spray out across everyone inside? These are the kind of planning details that I like to see. It's your own squad, you have complete control over them, and its overall just a great game.Customization. Door Kickers once again proves itself to me. Different weapons for each of the five classes, many sidearms, grenades, breaching charges, support gear, armor, it's everything that you would want to have in a real life scenario. You can also change every individual squad member (10 of them) to the name you like, the callsign you want for them, and the image that you believe fits them most.I've never seen more strategy guides for a single game. This should be more popular, I'm not sure why nobody has it. If you want an outstanding strategy game that you can play around with tactics and think to yourself, ""im a fockin master moi8"", Door Kickers is a definite for you.Overall, 9.5/10A must-buy for any shooter fan out there."
76561198126509877,Recommended,248610,33432821,Posted: 10 July,all,x FORMIDABL3 x,In order to play this game you really need to remain focussed throughput otherwise things can go wrong. A good game though and entertaining to play through
76561198399933663,Recommended,248610,33470834,Posted: 11 July,all,JPlowells,"Im a fan of tactical games, and this one is on the top of my favorites list. It has enough missions for you to never get bored, a very easy to use interface, and  very deep level of strategy to it. On top of that it has steam worshop, which means you get a sh*tload of mods ready to use, with a simple one-click activation. Wouldn´t really make any change to the game, devs got it just right.All in all, if you like games like rainbow six or swat (and were a fan of the planning face in early rainbow six games) just go for it, you can´t go wrong with this title. 10/10. Friggin´loved it."
,Recommended,248610,33506651,Posted: 13 July,all,KarstenVandpistol,"Great and fun game with hours of content, a automated map generator and a great map editor to expand the content base. 10/10 for a indie game!Will be playing this for years to come."
,Recommended,248610,33528315,Posted: 13 July,all,SudookieDeath,A unique and addictive strategy game. Combat is some weird hybrid of classic crpgs like baldurs gate but feels much more precise and satisfying.
,Recommended,248610,23788341,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,HexTheSquare // hellcase.com,"This game is way too fun for the health of people. Almost unlimited levels, The best tactic simulations i have seen in my life, And a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of gunfight makes this game absolutely amazing. If it hadnt been for the annoying way the path you are making gets stuck in bushes and other things you wouldnt cound as ""solid"" really, i would have given this game 10/10 but now, 9.5/10 its a must-play if you even think you like strategy, stealth, shootings, beeing a hero, and S.W.A.T."
,Recommended,248610,23808469,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,The Dank Wessel,"This game is amazing! Even though i got this on summer sales i belive that this game has enough content to justify the full price, This is my new favorite strategy game! Can't wait for the sequel!"
,Recommended,248610,30803970,Posted: 28 March,all,Pexe,This game is good. It's not awesome because the UI gets in the way.
,Recommended,248610,23174905,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,ajl12321,this game is good 11/10
,Recommended,248610,23597103,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,maimus,This is a great game. Controls are simple to use. I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a great tactical game.
76561198038382298,Recommended,248610,23191152,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Fishyninjabreadman,"I saw this game being played on Youtube by FXGamer Official, it caught my fancy. I have always enjoyed RTS games such as Empire Earth, Command and Conquer etc so this appeared to be an interesting take on it.From playing it for about 10-15 hours now I can rightly say it is fresh new look on the RTS idea.It is simple in concept and to actually play, however the levels provided offer many different tactical issues for you to overcome. It is a game that will actively make you think  as well as try new plans, so far I have gone trhough a good section of the Single Mission section and played some randomly generated maps. I haven't even started the campaigns yet.Definately well worth a look!"
76561198128235974,Recommended,248610,23485464,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,dvictory85,My only regret  is i should of bought this game a while ago.  Great game and love the different weapons you can unlock. i  rate  this  10/10
76561198135404020,Recommended,248610,23547356,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,KingFruit,"One of my favorite strategy games out there. I can't believe I haven't given it a review yet. The controls are easy enough to use, but to master utilizing them to your advantage is a challenge. The guns and classes are varied and the gameplay is addicting. PLAY THE GAME!protip: If you can, look up real life CQB SWAT tactics and Doorkickers gameplay for guidance. The only gripe I have with this game is that they never give you any real tutorial."
,Recommended,248610,23956837,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,MiNDbreak,"Having a lot of fun with this game. I can micromanage as much as I like. Very fun to approach situations as you desire; stealthy and fast or taking it slow and loud behind your shields and shotguns.Don't let 2d graphics put you off, it got Best Tactics game of 2014 for a reason.Would not recommend if you aren't patient enough to micromange, and even then you can have decent success (though without optimal level completions)."
76561197993426302,Recommended,248610,24453019,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Thunderpussy,Absolutely amazing. Like an old school Rainbow Six in 2D.
,Recommended,248610,30003651,Posted: 18 February,all,Emclosed,It's the best tactical game I have played.I really recommend it.
,Recommended,248610,30008322,Posted: 18 February,all,TheStone,THE BEST OF THE BEST
,Recommended,248610,29917338,Posted: 14 February,all,Ethan Stig,Just buy it
76561198043881457,Recommended,248610,29898899,Posted: 13 February,all,Gunny,"Great little game, if SWAT simulation is your cup of tea."
,Recommended,248610,29706238,Posted: 4 February,all,Futo,hey joe GOSH darn my boot hurts such a bad ive been DOOR KICKERING ALL DARN DAY i feel you frank.
,Recommended,248610,29918290,Posted: 14 February,all,☭Vladimir Lenin,"Interesting gameplay, would not say its worth 18,99€ right now, maybe 5-10€, if its on a sale i would go for it!"
76561198090947649,Recommended,248610,29964535,Posted: 16 February,all,Noobius Maximus,"Haven't played much, but it's just such a satisfying game. When you plan a level just right...oh boy that feels nice (not ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic, but that may change when i've done some of the workshop levels). Alternatively, when you screw up, I find I don't get annoyed, I know how to improve, and I do so. It is fun going back to previous levels with better weaponry an units.Looks good. Runs good. Possibly a little on the expensive side, but there are workshop levels so I imagine the amount of replayability makes up for that.It has the perfect learning curve, in my opinion. Giving you just the right amount of information then letting you fail/succeed. The game in itself is not overtly hard, but it becomes more challenging the better you want to do, for example, if I get 2 stars, that will not be good enough, and I WILL replay it until I get 3 stars (plus the single plan other bonus achievments)"
,Recommended,248610,29946909,Posted: 15 February,all,Eldin | Skinhub.com,Good
76561198142557826,Recommended,248610,29833869,Posted: 10 February,all,☠Black Knight,"I got this game on sale and paid a total of $2 for it. Probably my best steam purchase so far as far as money for content goes. It's fun, tactical, and has a much smaller focus on luck than XCOM. Even at $10 this game is a steal. Randomly generated maps, very well balanced squad classes, and easily modded."
76561198019183336,Recommended,248610,31031624,Posted: 8 April,all,JamesCross,"Easily one of my favorite games I've played all year. It's highly addictive strategy on a small and more personal scale than many macro level games out there. It's a thinking man's (or woman's) game, and is more akin to a game of quick chess than it is to many other tactics games out there. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,248610,29329608,Posted: 17 January,all,Boog,"I definitely enjoy this game, there is more strategy than you would think needed to play this game."
76561198151486411,Recommended,248610,29328028,Posted: 17 January,all,GangsterGoose,"One of the best games you can get whenever there is a Steam sale since I feel that $21.99 is too much for a game like this (don't get me wrong, the game is amazing). It's like a top down R6: Vegas. It is a RTS but it's definitely way more fun when you take a few tries to come up with the perfect 'plan' and watch your squad execute it. It's like an orchestra."
,Recommended,248610,29453136,Posted: 23 January,all,s a d_r a n c h o,"Is a great tactics game, M4 and flashbangs are your new bestfriends.- Injured/10!"
76561198267206692,Recommended,248610,29445263,Posted: 23 January,all,JanŽelezni,Great game with endless maps. One of the best tactical games I have ever played.
,Recommended,248610,29449048,Posted: 23 January,all,ufo,"Good game, fun to play. Extreme difficult to control, specially in real time mode."
76561197988504894,Recommended,248610,29378232,Posted: 20 January,all,whiteprvilegedlukecage,Cool idea and awesome challenge but poorly implemented. UI is hard to use and I found myself redoing the whole path several times again because I tried to drag the view to face one side and created a new path instead. Or when 2 units are close together or next to a door and you can never know which one of the units will use the flashbang.I recommend this game if it is fairly cheap and you have nothing to do on a sunday afternoon. You will find better gameplay and have much more fun  playing lethal tactics.
76561198162210432,Recommended,248610,29422149,Posted: 22 January,all,Alexandria,Just buy it!!!
76561198011987103,Recommended,248610,29319022,Posted: 17 January,all,John McCain,"A very fun game that rewards those well-versed in CQB. There is a simple map editor and good customization for the many facets of each trooper. You will return to this game constantly. However, I would've prefered some sort of cosmetic customization."
,Recommended,248610,23755983,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,I'm not a Terrorist,Only 2.48 :D
,Recommended,248610,30104244,Posted: 22 February,all,Mr.007,"Very nice game for people wo like strategy, thinking & planing.. ^^"
,Recommended,248610,29789896,Posted: 8 February,all,Ircghost,"Definitly a great pick for a bargain of a couple of Euros. Very entertaining and rewarding to play. Who doesn't want to say: ""I love it when a plan comes together!?"""
,Recommended,248610,16556652,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Night_Wing,"Be a  tactival SWAT team and choose how you want to engage the enemy and save the hostage / defuse the bomb. May be difficult at the beginning but after a few try and learn this game really fun and challenging to get perfect score. Even though we need to spend time to configure and recalculate the startegy, watching the SWAT team moving and engage the enemy according to the plan and went smoothly really addicting."
,Recommended,248610,30002093,Posted: 17 February,all,agriba,"Door Kickers is a top down strategy game where you plan out routes for you swat units to take and clear out the baddies.  There's customization, classess, the every slight presence of RPG elements, and robust and rewarding gameplay.But this is a game I am torn on.On one hand, it is very well made strategic and tactical experience with LOADS of content to keep you busy if you love it. However, even with its varying levels of difficulty and what should be endless costomization options to suit each level, the gameplay gets stale very fast.Often times, I found myself asking why there were so many levels because they all blend together into this ubiqitous expereince so quickly.To be clear, I absolutely love the gameplay and all of the ideas that are brought to the table, but it is needlessly big.  It's like going to see a movie that has a lot of good stuff but it goes on an hour too long.  Now in videogames, that shouldn't be a problem, you just don't play the extra stuff, but here's the rub:  you are paying for it.The $20 price tag is my only issue with the game.  Other than that, it's perfect for a quick play every now and then and delivers all that it should.  If you like strategy games and it's on sale for say, $10 I highly recommend it, but there isn't enough here to justify the 20 dollar tag."
,Recommended,248610,31248459,Posted: 19 April,all,Dear Great Holy Leader,"A very fun tactical MOUT-simulator, in the vein of games like breach and clear and frozen synapse. Coolest feature is that you can plan your whole assault out, rather than just one or two steps ahead. You can  also play in real time. Very active developers on the forums and a pretty good modding community."
23448949267435636,Recommended,248610,17085722,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Empreus,Hostile in sight!
,Recommended,248610,32231517,Posted: 6 June,all,Horny Hippo,"Good RTS. I like playing it, but some levels get repetative when generating.8/10"
,Recommended,248610,11904700,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,NeXus (Matt),Devs are awesome. Game is awesome. Its a must buy.
,Recommended,248610,32390470,Posted: 13 June,all,Stegs,"I enjoy this game, haven't played it too much but it really is fun and nice to see your plan come together whilst also being interesting to figuire out different ways to get the same thing done. I recommend it if your after a cruisy game that can get quite frustrating and challenging as things get more complex."
,Recommended,248610,32399142,Posted: 13 June,all,RahulTheWaffle,"One of the best tactics games out there. A great blend between real time and tactical, and generally fairly fluid controls. Challenging game with tons of content and replayability and plenty of room for mastery."
,Recommended,248610,32408216,Posted: 14 June,all,myo,"Attention: do not restart campaigns if any of your troopers are dead. You will lose them permanently. This little ""feature"" is mentioned nowhere and because of that I thought not to recommend the game.But I still do recommend it, because it is fun. Gets boring after a while, but planning the missions in one attempt is pretty fun. Get it on a sale though."
,Recommended,248610,32400764,Posted: 13 June,all,zeeb,"Simply deserves more sales.It has tactical gameplay, modding capabilities and an editor, what's not to like?I recommend it and looking forward to Door Kickers 2."
76561198132106634,Recommended,248610,32687974,Posted: 23 June,all,broohh,10/10
,Recommended,248610,32911983,Posted: 27 June,all,Apokolypse,"This game is pretty cool, it's a bit difficult at first, but its pretty well made and I love the idea."
,Recommended,248610,32971181,Posted: 28 June,all,-=Atheryl=-,"Very good implementation. Graphics are attractive and the game have different challenges.Talking about challenges,  I usually hate tutorials, but I would have like one on this one :D"
,Recommended,248610,32971310,Posted: 28 June,all,TheycallmeOOOOF,"All I have to say is.....TIME TO SAY GOODBYE!Other than that, 10/10 game"
,Recommended,248610,32980158,Posted: 29 June,all,Pyth3rEx,Very nice game :)
,Recommended,248610,32653944,Posted: 22 June,all,Kinzuko,"this is a tactics fans wet dream, it can be wonky to controll sometimes but its a really damn good gamePros:+ you can record a real time version of your mission exicution as actual video files that be edited in a video editor of your choice or uploaded directly to your favorite video sharing websight+ just enough content. not so much that you will likely never see it with casual play, and not too little that you feel like the game wasnt finished.+ every piece of equipment feels useful and nothing seems over poweredcons:- no options for recorded gameplay (not even one that lets you choose where to save the videos)- on some of the missions with time limits i dont feel like i have enough time to get my guys to the objectives- sometimes i cant arrest people who i should be able to arrest them- sometimes its not clear what i can and cant walk over- what is and isnt cover is not clearhere is some of the gameplayhttps://youtu.be/ST18yeeOpeM"
,Recommended,248610,32779030,Posted: 25 June,all,FoxhoundGames,This game is basically about making sure a Rainbow Six game goes your way...
76561198005288135,Recommended,248610,32784980,Posted: 25 June,all,p30pl3h4t3m3,"""I love it when a plan comes together"""
,Recommended,248610,32701683,Posted: 23 June,all,Speirs(Knight),"Reminds me a bit of Rainbow Six(The old ones). Where theres so much thought required in the planning, it also doesnt hold your feet to the fire and require you to. If you'd like(Although I would strongly advise you not to) you can play it in all real time instead of it being more of a turn based system. The devs did a great job in making it somewhat of a hybrid. However that said, $20 is just too much to ask for, wait till its on discount."
,Recommended,248610,32846204,Posted: 27 June,all,>>Samurai <<,True fun of SWAT games happy with my summer sale purchase.
,Recommended,248610,32826163,Posted: 26 June,all,Vyross,"This game scratches an itch I never knew I had until I played it. It's challenging, interesting, and even though it basically only does one or two things, it does them really competently.Hopefully, more games like this will come out that go further, but the core idea presented here is really great. I like the tactical focus, I like the mixed realtime/planned system. I want more variety of equipment, enemies (!), and scenarios from the sequel and any imitators.Most of all, I want to be able to play the bad guys as well.8/10"
,Recommended,248610,32828705,Posted: 26 June,all,perdelis,unable to rush b with p90's0/10
76561198106607558,Recommended,248610,32904210,Posted: 27 June,all,Turtledacticorn,"Very good game. I loved this game on the phone and its better on the computer. the game lets you either run and gun or take is slow and methotical. Well made game, I recomend it for anyone who is on the edge for buying this game."
,Recommended,248610,32900592,Posted: 27 June,all,Willphire,Door Kickers is a very fun and well made tactical strategy game that has a nice style and satisfying gameplay.
76561198018647952,Recommended,248610,32993867,Posted: 29 June,all,Fully Licensed Patrick Bateman,This game is genuinely some of the most fun I've had with a video gam in a long time. No stop action and lots of unconventional strategy. The customization in particular makes it for me.
,Recommended,248610,13466242,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Carl Grimes,I recomend this game to anyone who likes police based games and likes top down shooters/stratergy games.I havent played much but this is  not because its bad but i have not had much gaming time recently I loved the things i have acomplished in this game i give it 10/10
,Recommended,248610,33755709,Posted: 23 July,all,filing,5/7 perfect game
,Recommended,248610,33010383,Posted: 29 June,all,DKayne,"Best $3 I've ever spent, very satisfying executing everything perfectly"
,Recommended,248610,33787005,Posted: 25 July,all,WATTARU,"Well, lots of drawbacks, but this is fun.I really liked the simple and powerful mission planner, but it isn't as powerful as the one in old rainbosix (duh!). This makes it a lot diffuclt to try creative tactics, and you'll find yourself going for only safe(boring) tactics."
,Not Recommended,248610,28604221,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Real_Pinochet,Overwhelmingly arbitrary
,Recommended,248610,14399085,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,medi,Challenging yet fun tactical game with lots of content and developers who actually care about their game.
76561197998776029,Recommended,248610,33909917,Posted: 30 July,all,[18nd AD] KIAD,"Very nice and intuitive top down tactical game. You will command bunch of your swat guys anc cleaning houses, getting rid of druglords, escorting VIP's and so on... Content for many and many hours of fun and second Door Kickers are on the way. I'm really happy that I played this game.+Tactics+UI+Sounds+Difficulty-Grind for weapons"
76561198373674683,Recommended,248610,33941489,Posted: 31 July,all,Kenzie Visnov,This is a really good gameIt is going strong i havent had issues that weren't my faultI think it is a bit expensive for what it is currentlyi just hope the game gets more content
,Recommended,248610,34112810,Posted: 8 August,all,TheLazyRock,This is a gem and I cant wait for door kickers 2
76561198069607345,Recommended,248610,33471192,Posted: 11 July,all,Vvenom,"Its fun. But there are defininitely times where you wanna say ""♥♥♥♥ YOU GAME!"" where in some content created levels ""challenge"" passess as throwing 50 heavy armored juggernauts with shotguns and lmgs in a convoluted, impossibly difficult map to navigate, while trying to protect a vip, WHILE a bomb is going off in 30 seconds. Oh, and lets not forget the random♥♥♥♥♥flank manuver from the 10 guys who just happened to show up 3 minutes into the mission and blow your guys away. goodbye victor the level 8 officer, hello green gerald. Maybe, just MAYBE he wont get insta killed by a firing squad staring at a door like its a TV during football season."
76561198140855488,Recommended,248610,34110632,Posted: 8 August,all,EncryptedKitten,"Its a great game with a level builder, level generator, and steam workshop so you wont run out of levels. Good game, got it on sale for $2 but I would recommend this game, and definetly get it if its on sale."
,Recommended,248610,33447855,Posted: 10 July,all,✪ SammyB,"I played this super tactical until I realised you can just arm the team up with P90's and rush everywhere. So yeah, kinda like a top down CS:GO, but on this the team actually does what you say"
76561198041681580,Recommended,248610,25405042,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,older than dirt,"This game is very fun, sat in my library for a long time untried. Stupid me.I am John Wick and I endorse this review."
76561198262734229,Recommended,248610,34582800,Posted: 29 August,all,Edge,Amazing game. One of its kind. Must play. Not just for strategy fans but for everyone.
,Recommended,248610,30187386,Posted: 25 February,all,STROYER,"An strategy game worth playingCategoriesCalificationExplanationValue$19.99It's expensive for a game of it class, I recommend to buy it on sale for less than $3.Gameplay6It's a tactic game, different classes of Agents, guns, maps and campaigns. If you like to planificate everything before it happens this is your game.Graphics4The graphics are pretty basic, 2D based so it does change the experience a lot.Community7The community has upload a great ammount of objects, mods and maps to the workshop so you dont get bored.Overall6It can be very difficult at some parts but I really enjoyed it, especially when making my own maps."
,Recommended,248610,35360572,Posted: 30 September,all,TheGreatSamsby,"I've only played 10 hours but this game is very fun, especially when you add mods to it."
,Recommended,248610,35394303,Posted: 1 October,all,Shaka Brah,Kicked in my (back) Door. I came.
76561198116718635,Recommended,248610,34827529,Posted: 8 September,all,ζ2 Reticuli,"Very interesting game, but notice that in the campaign you can lose your units irrevocably !!!"
,Recommended,248610,35325940,Posted: 30 September,all,eXRipperZz,god geam
76561197986269164,Recommended,248610,35436347,Posted: 2 October,all,TheBay1T,Awesome light tactical planning game. Only downside is that stealth seems to be fairly irrelevant.
76561198178010694,Recommended,248610,35482026,Posted: 4 October,all,Farmskins.com Hellcase.com,Doesn't look much but it IS FUN
