user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,248800,13961945,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Shmuppel,"TL;DR: Since the developer has abandoned the project and the remaining episodes will not be made/released in the foreseeable future I wouldn't spend your money on this. Its story is incomplete and will probably never be completed. In the end by paying $5 for this you'll have 1.5 hours of prologue that is, in itself, not nearly enough to leave you satisfied.Update: As of July 14th, 2015 Dischan Media has officially shut down. Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaos will not be reinvigorated.Game review:Dysfunctional Systems is a visual novel about, as the title inclines, the managing of chaos. The premise of dysfunctional systems revolves around an organisation in some technological utopia that sends meddlers to other worlds to solve their problems and reclaim order. It's an interesting concept, but it's not too different from what we've seen before. That said, it doesn't mean dysfunctional systems has no potential, in fact it has loads of potential. Too bad none of that really matters.The story is basically an introduction to the universe and it's characters. We get to see the main characters do their jobs as meddlers in a world that is having diplomatic problems. Things escalate, I won't spoil anything, I'll just say that: it's way too short to develop anything outside of a prologue to the other episodes. Yes, there is a story in it, no you're probably not going to cry over it. It isn't insanely good and it isn't bad. At best this will leave you wanting more, where the problem of an abandoned project reels in again.Even if an incomplete story wouldn't bother you, this first episode leaves too much to be desired and too many questions to be asked. The game is way too short to accomplish any real world building, something that is so important when your game is literally about travelling and meddling in the affairs of other worlds.The characters, focusing on the two main ones, consist of your basic grumpy teacher and stubborn student. That's not to say the characters aren't enjoyable or not well written, they share some funny and touching moments. It's just that the game is simply way too short to develop any character properly. Thus we are left with... again, nothing special.Then there are the choices, which are very important to get right when you make something in this medium. It is unfortunately something dysfunctional functions had a serious lack of. The entire game basically has 1 choice. 1 choice in the entire thing. After this one choice dysfunctional systems might (depending on what you choose) present you 2-or so more rather confusing choices.Too bad none of these matter. At all.The only difference is that you'll be getting a different achievement.Something I can praise dysfunctional systems about is it's amazing art and music.The art, although perhaps a bit repetitive at times, looks amazing, there isn't a whole lot of animation but that's alright, in the end I wasn't expecting there to be any. The UI is really good, everything fits together nicely and I actually enjoyed reading the few codex entries there were, as bland as they may be. As for the music, it was very nicely done. You won't have the same track looping every other sequence or anything like that here. Good stuff, Ill probably end up listening to it more in the future.The real reason you shouldn't buy this:After all that I do feel the need to honestly say that Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaos is not a bad visual novel at all, at least, as a prologue. Sure, it doesn't hit all the good spots and the lack of choices is pretty disappointing. But that doesn't mean it's necessarily bad. It does it's job as a prologue - it gets you excited for more whilst giving a basic introduction of the universe.The real reason you shouldn't buy this is because the developer abandoned the two sequels that were originally planned. Reason? Financial problems and a lack of motivation. The development team did a poor job of financing the funds received from the kickstarter campaign. People have lost a lot of their trust for the developers, and righteously so, it was one big mistake after another for the dev team and the death of Dysfunctional Systems as a result of that. It's a real shame, I would have liked to see more from this.So, in the end Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaos gives us a 1.5 hour prologue of a story that will probably never be made. Whether you are willing to spend $5 on that is your choice, but I personally wouldn't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,248800,14477627,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,SpaceNinjaPirate,"I just finished this first episode and I must say it was absolutely fantastic!  It's been a long time since a VN I've played had a story that was so engaging and held my interest so much.  I mean, the art is very well done, the music is excellent and the story itself is something that's rather unique and it was very well written to top everything off.I could go on and on about how great this visual novel is.  But like others, I can't, in good conscience, recommend anyone purchase this game.You see, after finishing this first episode, I raced to the forums to see when I could expect the next installment to show up.  Alas, I found the message, dated over a month ago, stating that Dysfunctional Systems was no more and that future episodes would most likely not see the light of day.  I still hold a small hope for that one miracle to happen though.So, while you may feel free to ignore my (and others') non-recommendation and purchase this game, you will still be receiving an excellent piece of writing and an excellent game in general.  Just don't expect any more, at least for the time being."
,Recommended,248800,20263635,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Murphy's Lawyer,"AT A GLANCE(Full review follows below)Game Name:Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage ChaosOriginal Release:2013Genre Tags:Visual Novel; Sci-Fi; Anime; Story Rich; Great SoundtrackMy Overall Grade:A-Estimated Playtime (Campaign):2-5 hoursMultiplayer Aspect:NoneRecommended To:Established fans of the genre; Those intrigued by the genre; Aesthetes; Strong narrative advocates; Visual novel buffsREVIEWVisual novels are not for everyone, and that is fair. Even fans of the genre can admit that some of them are boring and disinteresting. That said,Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaosis one of the best visual novels I have “played” to date. Instead of relying on cartoon drawings of “waifus” in underwear to keep your interest, it actually has a very interesting and well-told story. (But don't worry, there are still some cartoon drawings of ""waifus"" in underwear). The artwork is high quality and the soundtrack is one my personal favorites in the realm of video games. In fact, it’s one of my favorite music albums in general, but I also like that genre of music a lot. Anyway, if you like a good sci-fi tale, and enjoy visual novels with real substance, this is one you probably want to consider trying.Unfortunately, the game was intended to be episodic and it does end on a cliffhanger; and at this time it seems unlikely the development team is going to be able to produce more installments. Such is life. There is still a very interesting and self-contained story within the game that I think most sci-fi fans will find interesting. You can just ignore the epilogue and still enjoy the primary narrative. If you think you would like this game, but only don’t want to try it because of the open ending, then that is your choice. But I think you will be missing out.The universe created and the primary storyline are both products of premiere sci-fi writing. I was enthralled the entire time. The soundtrack is comprised of amazing songs, and each one perfectly captures the emotion of the game at the time it is played. The art style is mostly traditional and nothing overtly special, but it also is pleasantly not overloaded with stereotypical anime cringe and unnecessary sexuality. It is a nice, well-produced visual novel that can be taken seriously.Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaosisn’t for everyone, but I think it will appeal to fans of good sci-fi and fans of the standard visual novel paradigm. Yes, it is unfortunate that we (probably) won’t get any more installments set in this universe, but this visual novel is still very highly enjoyable. Some things will be left unanswered, but that happens all the time in storytelling.And, honestly, if you can find it for a good price, I would recommend it for the soundtrack alone. I know music tastes are highly subjective, but damn do I love these tunes.Follow my curation page to see more of my recommendations!"
,Not Recommended,248800,16046559,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Graknorke,"As the series has officially been discontinued, it is not possible to endorse this game, which is entirely an introduction to something that doesn't exist."
,Not Recommended,248800,16401297,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Minato Bluherr,"Great artwork, soundtrack and story, but since it has been cancelled and they won't be finishing the story, I don't think I should recommend it. It's like buying an incomplete game. I think if it's on a sale, you should take a look at it if you really feel like it. But still, it is an imcomplete story in the end."
76561198092551479,Not Recommended,248800,16639446,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Draymora,"While it has an intriguing story and good visuals, I sadly cannot recommend this game because the producers of the game mismanaged their funds and are not continuing the trilogy. This leaves us with an uncompleted story and even the choices you make in the game don't effect the overall result."
,Not Recommended,248800,13798692,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Blazedol,"Episode 1 left a pretty nice taste in my mouth. In the end I wanted more.But alas, life sucks, and things die. Things like this, but it died early on, and probably won't be getting any sort of sequel until a miracle happens. Or the devs get more money, but that's probably not gonna happen.But hey, if you're ok with settling with the cliff-hanger-tastic episode 1 for a measly five bucks, go right a head. If you're not, which is probably the majority, then wait for hell to freeze over, that's probably when this game get's finished and it's OK to buy. Unless episodes 2 and 3 end up sucking. Then they wont be ok to buy."
,Recommended,248800,7803359,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Canaduh,"This game is so engaging if you like to be challenged on moral decisions. The political dilemmas and agendas and the issues that plague humanity are experienced from the innocent point of view of a child.Playing as a young girl on what was supposed to be a simple 'shadow' lesson of following an experienced mediator, suddenly having ""xxxxxx <spoiler> xxxxxxx"" thrust upon you, and being forced to make choices with little knowledge and no experience.This is a visual novel... That means lots of reading. Do not buy this game if you can't rest your WASD fingers long enough to get to know the story.Just going to add in here for anyone who skims over long reviews, since mine is the first shorter one, please, if this game, or genre interestes you, Kuro's review (above) has a link to a kickstarter page for the next 2 episodes, it's active until March 24th, please consider helping out to get the rest of this story done!"
,Recommended,248800,19496183,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,ティアラ μ's,"Dysfunctional Systems Episode 1: Learning to Manage Chaos is a Western-made visual novel from Dischan Media available on Steam it features features two distinct endings, unlock able bonus art, an animated opening video, and a jukebox of in-game music.I stand on a neutral ground for this visual novel. Meaning yes i do recommend it but to a certain extent. (Go to the bottom for reason of standing on a neutral ground)The StoryDysfunctional Systems is a visual novel series featuring Winter Harrison, a student mediator from a utopian world. Learning to Manage Chaos is the first entry in the series.What is a mediator? A mediator is someone who travels to chaotic worlds, attempting to resolve the issues plaguing them. The first entry in the series follows Winter's second mediation, where she shadows the experienced and aloof mediator: Cyrus Addington.Audio and Visual elementsCharacter sprites are used in the standard visual novel style, but sometimes characters are integrated into the backgrounds which really brought the images to life. I loved the detailed background work. The color palette was extremely ""muted"" which suited the world they are on, gloomy and dark.The music in Dysfunctional Systems is beautiful, especially ‘Terminus’, the theme track. Sound effects are well used too overall really a good job of fitting into the Visual Novel's environment.Reasons for a neutral standDysfunctional Systems Episode 1: Learning to Manage Chaos is in an episodic format providing episode by episode is satisfying, while still leaving you wanting more. Unfortunately this isn’t the case with Dysfunctional Systems Episode 1: Learning to Manage Chaos, which serves as little more than a teaser for a story that could be potentially interesting. Meaning if you do get this there will be no continuation of Episode 2 because it is confirmed by Dischan Media there will not be Episode 2 at all. [I honestly wish there is Episode 2 because I liked it overall]To sum upYes I do recommend this Visual Novel but be warned there will not be an episode 2 forever[as off now] so take this visual novel as just something to be read when you have nothing to do.Review with images clickhere"
,Recommended,248800,12096233,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,#!/bin/blankaex,"tl;dr: 6/10 - Pretty good but really short.Full review:As a rather critical visual novel fan, I can't say I'm easily pleased. A visual novel being sold on Steam does raise some eyebrows, but nonetheless I decided to give it a go, and I was pleasantly surprised after reading the disappointing World End Economica a while back.Although Dysfunctional Systems is an original English language (OEL) visual novel, which is generally a good indicator of poor quality, my past experience with another OEL VN (Katawa Shoujo) was actually rather good, so I wasn't deterred from the beginning. Overall, the visual novel was quite good, all things considered, but we can take a bit of a deeper look into things.First thing's first: the writing. I can't vouch for the story being fresh and original, but it was well executed regardless. The characters' personalities were generally consistent and the story developed in a logical order. However, the visual novel was painstakingly short. I felt like I was just thrown into the middle of things, and even though the story wasn't too complex to figure out what was going on, a longer introduction would've been welcomed with open arms. There's also the issue of how easy it is to get to the bad end. After several playthroughs of making and recording different decisions, in desperate search of the good end,I was sorely disappointed to find that there was none. As it stands, the story isgood, but much too short for my liking, and a lot more content is due. The ratio of number of choices to length of story was horribly skewed in the wrong direction, but I can respect the amount of tedious coding it would've taken to link everything together the way it was done.Technically, the English was rather good. It was by no means perfect, but it made good use of stylistic devices and all of the other things English professors like to rant on about for an easy-to-read experience. There were a few mistakes that the more pedantic of us (such as myself) may wince at, and the word choice was often pretentious, to say the least, but otherwise, Dysfunctional Systems was well written. If anything, it was better than the disgrace World End Economica was, which I can only imagine was a machine translation done by an IBM 5200.On to the art and sound - long story short, they were also quite good. While the drawing didn't exactly fit the conventional visual novel clique, there was something about the brushed watercolour style art that appealed to me. All the ren'py animations (yeah, I actually bothered to look through the game files to confirm it was a ren'py game) were used well and surprisingly weren't skimped on - this kind of production quality I can appreciate. I'm not much of an audiophile, but I can also vouch for the soundtrack being great on its own. In the game, it can be a bit overpowering at times, but the volume controls presumably exist solely for that purpose. If only they had some voice acting to go with it - in Japanese, of course, since I'm a filthy weeaboo and English sucks - but alas, one can only dream.It might seem like I'm bashing the game pretty harshly here - and that's probably true - but I actually did enjoy the game. Although it wasextremelyshort (short enough for me to get 100% completion after only 3 hours), and there were the other issues I'd mentioned previously, it was an interesting story and fun to read. Even though I'm bringing it up again - the sheer lack of content was detrimental to the score I gave - we mustn't forget to interpret the ten point scale correctly. 5/10 isperfectly average, and not garbage by any means. Going from there, 6/10 isn't a bad score, despite what IGN and whatnot want you to believe - but that's a story for another time. I know episodes 2 and 3 of this series are due to come soon, though, so hopefully they can make up for where this episode fell short and salvage the trilogy as a whole."
,Not Recommended,248800,11952850,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,「Ｂｏｋｕ♥」,"Dysfunctional Systems is a visual novel that attempts to portray the idea of a utopian society using their advanced magic dimension-tripping technology and superior history and intellect to help guide other planets in subtle ways -- managing their ""chaos"". However, Episode 1 presents itself as more of a teaser than an actual iteration in a series due to its short length (two hours is more than enough time to rinse this out), lack of choices and minimal explanation of who or what is really happening in the utopian society.Given that the start of the game (and store page) makes a point to mention how ""Your choices affect the story"" theres a distinct lack of any choices to be made. Which is doubly odd as the game takes care to give you a codex with which to keep you up to speed with the world and current trends or plot devices. This may be a personal qualm but I expected it to come in to some use when it came to ""managing the chaos"" of the world, such as reading it granting an insight into how to take action, but instead the sole decision you get to make in this title has but four resolutions resulting in two endings that you make through a series of choices that are mostly red herrings. This makes the codex feel rather unwarranted as everyone always explains themselves in enough detail such that reading it is a waste of effort.The writing itself feels quite contrived: characters and, in this episode, countries presented are almost painting-by-numbers in their given role. I mean, who hasnt heard the one about the gruff, old mentor with a plucky, slightly rebellious voice-of-reason apprentice. Or the one about the two large nations stuck in a [cold] war over a third, smaller independence.That being said, credit where credit is due, the game does look lovely. The UI is clean and distinct, backgrounds are nicely detailed and the character portraits display many emotions in a variety of poses. Most of all it feels consistent -- portraits dont just sit on top of the background but instead fit in, general colours and tone do well to make this.I can only really hope that future episodes really expand on what I would only really call an extended teaser here."
,Not Recommended,248800,14042447,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Mountain Dagon,"Let me preface this by saying that I really, really enjoyed Dysfunctional Systems. However, I cannot in good conscience recommend this for many people. Let me explain.Firstly, what I did like about Dysfunctional Systems. While very short, the story is extremely compelling in terms of the writing, and especially the premise, which is very unique and one of my favorite aspects. The interface is very slick and polished, and the art and character design is fantastic. I absolubtely loved my short romp through the world(s) of Dysfunctional Systems, and I sincerely wish I could spend more time in that world.Unfortunately, this brings me to why I ultimately cannot recommend Dysfunctional Systems despite its fantastic setting, storywriting, and art direction. Dysfunctional Systems was originally created with the intent of being a 3 episode series, which was funded through kickstarter. However, Dischan, the creators of Dysfunctional Systems have confirmed the cancellation of the release of the next installment of Dysfunctional Systems, and have put the entire series on indefinite hiatus, and most likely permanent cancellation.I cannot recommend Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaos because the entire VN was clearly centered around the notion that it fit into a greater story, and the endings of Learning to Manage Chaos are clearly structered around this assumption. While Learning to Manage Chaos is a great story for what it is, it does not work very well as a standalone story.If you are willing to play what was suppossed to be the opening for a greater story, then go ahead and get Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaos. If you feel like you will be dissapointed by the notion the story is incomplete, then please avoid this title.It's a pity really because I really did like the premise and setting of Dysfunctional Systems."
,Recommended,248800,8609717,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,julienf,Chapter 2 is on hiatus because you nerds didn't buy this. I hate you all.UPDATE: CHAPTERS 2 & 3 GOT KICKSTARTED GGUPDATE 2: KICKSTARTER FAILED LMAO
,Not Recommended,248800,23295005,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Saddistic Commuter,"This is a painful review to make because on the one hand, the game's story is really interesting and somewhat engaging like a typical Visual Novel would but without having to resort to overused tropes and makes it clear that it has it's own identity from the get go.But on the other hand, there's no following story because the dev team ♥♥♥♥ed up hard and tried to be a fully functional studio like Telltale Games is by comparison and produce several titles following after this. The sad truth is, there was no form of planning or meetings being held consistently. The studio filed bankruptcy some time after this title was released. The management was abyssmal, to say the least...Onto the game, it has a very good soundtrack, one I still enjoy hearing to this day, the art style is nice to look at even if bleak at times for dramatic effect (well used and impactful I might add) and the dialogue is quite mature, despite being very one sided for a pretty good chunk of it, it doesn't feel draggingly long like in other games and is actually well written enough if you are into untraditional VNs. The included encyclopedia like feature is however not useful for most of the story aside from it's introduction. It is wasted effort and could have been made much more relevant if they bothered with it a little more than to just add an entry every now and then for plot purposes, which is to it's detriment. The amount of work put into the encyclopedic portion of the game is respectable but ultimately laughable if you take out the important bits that relates to the plot which, again, were used to introduce the player to its function/presence.""Should you play this game in my opinion?"" is the last question left to be answered; as of right now, no.The end is a cliff hanger into the next volume that will never come. If, by some miracle, this gets a reboot/revival by the original creator and owner of the copyright and is actively working on developing the sequel, then I will revise my judgement of this first game and give it a recommendation, but unless things start moving again for the development of just chapter 2, stay away from this and save some money for an actually finished game."
,Not Recommended,248800,21602604,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Bombolz,"Dysfunctional systems is no longer being developed. The game will never be completed, which is a shame as it's a very interesting one. However, you can now get this game for free at:https://dischan.co/downloads/"
76561198054646614,Not Recommended,248800,32780134,Posted: 25 June,all,FRENETICO!!!!!,"Not worth the money, even if it's cheap. It's just an introduction to a series that will never continue cause the devs stopped giving updates"
76561197966720005,Not Recommended,248800,7812133,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Alesch,"Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaos might be the beginning of something pretty good, but on its own I don't think that I would recommend it on its own. It is a visual novel, essentially a choose-your-own-adventure game on your computer. It has plenty of good points: the art is good, the premise is interesting, the setting is introduced nicely, and I found the characters entertaining. The problem with Dysfunctional Systems is that it does not have many interaction points, at least not in the path that I took. Along the path that I selected, I was able to branch the story only twice. I can understand that as the first episode in what seems to be a planned series Dysfunctional Systems wants to keep its possible end states manageable, but the game would have been vastly improved by adding a few more interaction points, even if they did not actually impact the story.As it stands, Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaos would probably have been better served by being a graphic novel than a game. If the premise interests you, then by all means buy it. It is an interesting story, but its gameplay value, at least at this point, is limited."
,Not Recommended,248800,8991052,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Count Talcula,"UPDATE: A sequel was kickstarted, then cancelled. You'll find no closure in this game. Just a lot of unfulfilled potential---I like VNs and all, but with this game you're essentially buying a prologue. In fact I'm pretty sure that the Steins;Gate prologue was longer than this entire game. It's so short that even at such a small asking price I can't justify in my head wanting a VN that serves as merely an introduction to the main cast. Here is your protagonist. This is her mentor. Getting to know them? Good! TRAGEDY! Oh no something bad happened in the first 45 minutes of the game. That was tough- hey look at this cutie pie. Do you like her? Good! Game's over! See you next time! Roll credits.I need more to go on than this, I don't decide if I like a show after the first episode and I can't decide if I like a visual novel after the first chapter. But if I absolutely must, then no - it's not good enough.One out of five Lennys( ͡͡ ° ͜ʖ ͡ °) ( ) ( ) ( ) ( )"
,Recommended,248800,9482126,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,LucasSM20,"Man oh man, that just might be the best 1 dollar purchase that i have ever made. This Visual Novel just made it on my top favorite list, tied up with my pavlove: Corpse Party. This just might be the most political, phylosofic, and sweetest experience that i had this week. After telling you that you should totally buy this game and all the episodes as they come by, let's get to the review:Graphics and General Design: Pretty beautiful to look at. Everything's detailed and the drawing is just too good to look at. All the scenes are perfectly shown and make you feel completely immersed on the story. Seriously, this is indie and we're talking about some high quality visuals here. Take Dangan Ronpa for instance, it has a visual that assembles a lot of it (When you aren't on the 3D parts, obviously enough). All characters looks charismatic enough to make me instant fall in love with then, and getting a good look at the extras, i can tell that they really put an effort to make the best presentation possible in this first episode.Gameplay: It's a Visual Novel, you will read and read A LOT. But that's okay, because that's what this genre is. I like medias that can make me read something that don't hurt my eyes so much like a book and has some kind of interaction of the player. The interaciton on the first episode consists of opening your codex (I'm serious) and choosing. That's the big card in the game. I loved every pathway that i did (You can see that i have already unlocked every achievement for this game) and i have two profiles for the next episodes: The one that i called ""good choises"" and the one &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥choises"". As i do with multiple endings/pathways games (Take The Walking Dead for instance). Like every other good game that follow this pattern, the game makes choosing hard and, even if you think your choise was right, you will think twice and realize it just wasn't. It was ""a little shitier"" than the other ones (Again, like the walking dead). Since this game talks a lot about polict and ethics, it is a pretty interesting system to say the least. ""Reading and doing multiple pathways, only to be tired enough to sleep"" doesn't exists here. The game has two kinds of saves: One that you can always acess, either you quit the game or not, and works like a normal one and quicksaves, that works for saving time when doing other pathways. Also, the game has a skip mode, it will skip all the text that has already been presented to the player, so you will never read the same thing twice.  Which is kinda cool. If a kind of system like this could've existed on Corpse Party series, i wouldn't have waster +50 hours of my life to get all the endings for both games (I know, right. I suck :P).Soundtrack: Holy mackina, my ears are so pleased. The opening song is awesome, the game song is awesome, the ambient sound is awesome...But i kinda missed voice acting. I know it isn't much common in Visual Novels to use it, but at least they could do some especific (And important) lines to make us even more attached to the characters, like in the other Visual Novels that i have already mentioned.Story: Oh boy. I don't know how i tell the story of this game without spoiling it, so here you go: Discover for yourself. It's really thrilling, it has heavy amounts of extra information that you can always see in your codex and one of the most beautiful written dialogues that i've ever seen. All characters feel human and you can easily understand they personality as soon as you come in the game. The plot consists of travelling through multiple worlds/dimensions and dealing with chaos, trying to solve this alternate beings problems. But these aren't just ordinary problems (They exist, as mentioned in the game), they involve a lot of thinking and toughs that will make the player guessing and giving his own opinion about what's happening (Even though the game can't hear you xD). It's really explorable and has a good universe to develop the plot and such. Also, characters presented at the end of the game already make me feels that episode 2 is going to be epic.This first episode might be short in your first playthrough, but you can explore many things. Multiple endings, many information and such a work of new scenes and drawings makes replayability a possible thing and it's sure as hell worth it. Also: This game has the best anime opening that i've seen this year. Period. Buy this NOW. (Especially because it's -80%, it's SO worth it!). Can't wait for episode 2 :3"
,Not Recommended,248800,18668308,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,[Mar] Pengwndude,"Unfortunately this game ends feeling rather hollow and there will not be any episodes left to follow it. There's good things in here, but I suppose if you're willing to play for a visual novel you best put your dollars in a more finished project."
,Recommended,248800,12808192,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Jynx,"I really can't put into words how good I feel about this game. But I'm gonna try.Learning to Manage Chaos is Part 1 of the Dysfunctional Systems visual novel series. It follows the story of Winter Harrison, a student at some kind of... orginization? It's never too clear. Regardless, you follow the story of Winter and help to make choices that lead to multiple endings, each with varying differences.The story is amazing. It takes place during a futuristic, post-apocalypse setting, where technology to travel between planets in an instant is available. The characters are all unique and very engaging, making you take sides very often in the story. (Go, Winter!~) For someone like me who likes to escape reality (assignments most of all) it is amazing. It constantly keeps you on your toes, and for the amount of value the story offers, the price is soooo worth it.The artwork is goregeous. An almost rustic, stylized and crisp style brings alive, simple yet powerful character designs and image stills for the story events. If you're someone like me who loves a good browse through artwork, the images are available after a certain point.Finally, the music. What's better than a soundtrack that caresses your ears like a silk glove on your bare bre- arms. I mean arms. What can be better than that? If said soundtrack comes with the game once you purchase it. Done and done.In short, this game is a must-have for your steam library this Chirstmas, with a soundtrack to keep your ears warm by the fire.~Gen~"
76561198062133969,Recommended,248800,24651758,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Oni-mask,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, UNLESS YOU LIKE ETERNAL CLIFFHANGERS, THE SERIES HAS BEEN CANCELLED, FORGET ABOUT SEVERALS EPISODES. THIS ONE IS THE ONE AND ONLY. GO CHECK KICKSTARTER :https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/dischan/dysfunctional-systemsThat being said, it's frankly a great game. Great moving music and great storie line even if you only have 4 choices. You can feel the passion about it, truly. It's just a shame that we'll never get to see the end of it..."
76561198063444068,Not Recommended,248800,29728523,Posted: 5 February,all,herwryness,"Like so many people who have reviewed this game, I enjoyed playing it but since it will not be continued I cannot recommend it. :("
,Recommended,248800,8565222,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,FRONK L'EMURS,I visual novel with an engrossing and emotionally straining story. Plus the menu is of extremely high quality. More episodes to come but they should be WORTH THE WEIGHT.
,Recommended,248800,10376074,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Crossark,"One of the best written stories I've ever had the privilege of reading, paired with superb art and complementary music. Definitely worth the $5 price tag."
76561198166035724,Not Recommended,248800,25705096,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,marvealle,"Interesting premise, compelling opening to a story, however, it will always be an unfinished series. As, I believe, the developer for this series shut down, this game series has been discontinued and there will not be another installment. Such a shame as this had potential, but the fact it will forever be an unfinished story is the reason I cannot reccommend it."
,Not Recommended,248800,21215033,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,YaklyExactly,"The company went bankrupt and no further episodes will be made.  The creative team even offered to complete episode 2 for free, but the director shut the whole project down.This game had an interesting premise, nice characters, and beautiful art.  It really deserves a thumbs up.  But I can't recommend buying it since it's essentially just the prologue of a longer work.  The company does have another novel which is free, Juniper's Knot.  It's not on Steam, but you can see what you're missing."
,Not Recommended,248800,8634824,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Davvyk,Not recommended. I understand this is a Visual Novel and i purchased it on the strength of reviews seen here on steam that said there was branching stories etc but i was dissapointed. In my whole play session i made one decision.
,Recommended,248800,12471783,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Dangerous Beans,"Dischan makes excellent VNs, though I sometimes think they'd be better off just making anime. If you don't know what a Visual Novel is then Google ""Juniper's Knot"", which is another game by Dischan that has similar presentation and pacing to this one. (It's free on their site.) That will let you know what to expect here."
,Not Recommended,248800,8623989,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Chris Fifty-Two,I am sad to say that I didn't like this game very much. It has some beautiful art and great music for a visual novel kind of game and had the potential of a really good story but it lost my interest quite quickly and dragged on way too long between the few direct interactions you have with the game.The achievements in the game can be gotten quite quickly with the use of some smart use of save points and checking the achievement list or a guide ahead of time. Beating the story proper each time would take a fairly long time and break your mouse/keyboard due to the repeteded clicking to move forward in the dialog.Time to 100%:~1½ hours (if you use savefile and skip dialog)
,Recommended,248800,22537418,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Lyonesse,"[Neutral Review]Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaos is a well-written Visual Novel with a solid plot and gorgeus artwork/soundtrack. Unfortunately, it's incomplete: the game was intended to be episodic and, for that reason, it ends on a cliffhanger. Sadly, the development team dropped the ""Dysfunctional Systems"" project and we won't see it's sequels. That being said, I still think this episode alone is worth it. I just can't fully recommend it (and it pains me) because the plot will never be complete. Otherwise, I would,If you like a good sci-fi tale and enjoy visual novels with real substance, this is one you might consider trying anyway."
76561198251858654,Not Recommended,248800,31336367,Posted: 24 April,all,ギョー,"The game is too short,it is a very interesting story,the graphics really good,but the story is just too short and no choices are really fleshed out. It makes it feel like I was just reading and left me anticipating the rest of the serries that has been cancelled :("
76561198092770843,Recommended,248800,16356753,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Avalar_Atlus,"It's unlikely to get the sequel it's set up for, but the novel itself is fantastic! Such a gripping story with its own charm to storytelling. Worthwhile purchase, but as a victim of circumstance, not a worthwhile investment. Of course I'll never lose hope that someday we'll get a sequel; I loved the novel that much! Characters, development, morality, suspense, emotion, relatibility, all present and accounted for!"
,Recommended,248800,28851542,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,hawkzy,"Interesting story. It really is a shame Dischan went under, I was looking forward to a sequel. I'm not sure how it would have worked out though with the artist who did this one leaving. I didn't like the early art for the second one nearly as much. Not much point in buying this here - you can pick it and it's soundtrack up for free on Dischan's website, under downloads: dischandotco It's definitely worth the bandwidth if you ask me."
76561197999167092,Not Recommended,248800,26233319,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,mazeedt,"Great story, sadly it won't be continued and I can't recommend it for what it is right now."
,Recommended,248800,29500430,Posted: 26 January,all,The Jazz Messengers,"While it's a pity the ""series"" is ""canceled"" what is here is very well written and evocative.  If you don't mind wanting more, like say you enjoy movies with open endings, there's no reason not to give this a shot."
,Recommended,248800,10510965,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Merm,I paid for a visual novel. I wasn't disappointed
76561198010772954,Recommended,248800,16684759,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,GodOfChoke,"I am an avide fan of anime and the likes so a visual novel is right up my alley, especially when the main character is so cute! that however will not effect my review on this game.Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaos is a hell of a title and a mouthful to say, but unique, interesting, and well worth the five dollars I had to pay for it.DS:LMC for short is amazing the story in short is about the main character, Winter, helping out her teacher in trying to solve a different worlds problems. While that may seem confusing at first the concept I have never seen done before with the information in the game being well flushed out and researched. The story consumed me, and I felt for the main character as she tried to resolve the problems she was having with the way her teacher went about and did things. I felt for her as she tried to face her problems. A very well thought-out and written game. Much better than anything anime is putting out these days!The art is well done. It has a more handmade feel about it looking more paint like than anything. Art is a taste which I can not decide for you so the final descision about it will ulitimently have to be made by you, I am sorry you have to do so much work.The next game in the series has been cancled and I am not sure if the company will continue it. A very sad thought for me considering how much I loved the story in this game, but if you are looking for a short game to pass the time and love rich story that is very unique buy this game and do not look back!Hoped this helped!"
,Recommended,248800,34586859,Posted: 29 August,all,Sprink,"This is a fantastic short story and a brilliant concept for a visual novel and has great art and a wonderful soundtrack.From what I understand of the story there is what seems to be a perfect society (I believe they refered to themselves as ""Earthen"") that monitors and mediates with other less advanced sentient societies on different worlds. I'm unsure to the scale but some worlds shared a ""plane"" which I assume could mean a galaxy or even a universe. The utopia the Earthen live on is a complete mystery and I hope it stays that way.I purchased this some time in 2014 during a sale and played through it yesterday and was sad to find there was no continuation of the story due to, from what i've read to be, a mismanaged kickstarter.I can't recommend this but I'm going to leave a positive review on the games own merits and as if I'd played this on release."
76561198121776729,Recommended,248800,33337857,Posted: 7 July,all,Inferno_Gear,"The game was interesting and unique, although short I loved playing it, if your a fan of visual novels you will like this game. As well as this the music as amazing, I have all of the music for this game downloaded and I listen to it all the time. Overall a good game a great experience to play especially for so cheap. The only sad part is no next chapter will be made because of a mismanagement on the devs side :("
,Recommended,248800,22189295,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,✩ Helenα ✩,"It saddens me to know that this project has been cancelled. The first episode was quite good (awesome art style, BG, BGM.. And of course, the concept is really good and Winter is an interesting MC), even tho that the ending left a ton of questions in the air, and we probably won’t be getting the answers… I still recommend this VN. It’s worth the full price (even if it’s one chapter or whatever, it was GOOD and I had fun). But sadly, there’s no ending; I guess that’s left to our own imagination for now…This could have been an amazing series. Maybe, one day, we will have a second chapter… I can still dream, I guess.6/10."
,Recommended,248800,13525387,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,CARDIOVERSION,"This Visual Novel is very short, but THE MUSIC. I fell in love with the music and am glad it came with the soundtrack. I already have it on my itunes and occasionally listen to it while i'm playing League of Legends. This is worth picking up if you're feeling lazy and want to slow things down and enjoy a story. I would say its worth the $5, but if it ever goes on sale, then it becomes a must buy."
,Not Recommended,248800,9503653,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,FoolishOrpheus,"TL;DR: Too short for $5, buy on sale or wait for the other episodes and buy them together. Not interesting, tends to get boring. Lack of a sense of urgency, time literally flies by without you noticing. Main character is boring, has what feels like an entire section set up for characterization and does nothing with it. Seemingly lesbian character outed for no particular reason and also has an achievement seemingly based on the fact that she is lesbian for no particular reason. Not a branching story, incredibly streamline with only one real choice in the whole game.I like Dischan's other visual novel and I wanted this because I thought it would be similar. While that game wasn't branching, it was somewhat thought provoking (even if it's an overused idea that they went with as far as the moral quandry in that game) but for a free game it was really good. With money behind them, I thought they'd make something interesting. Sure enough, they came up with an interesting idea for a new game.Then promptly went nowhere with it.This game isunbelievablyshort-- I beat it twice and spent three hours trying to get all of the achievements, which I haven't completed at the time of this recommendation-- and it's not even interesting the entire way through. You could potentially divide the story into three parts (though really it's just two if you consider the first and second part the same thing): The Prologue, the Supposed Interesting Part, and the Lesbian(?) Dormitory.In the Prologue, there's a very shoehorned in ""characterization"" of the main character, which is fine but not very well done. But you don't make any choices here. You're meant to use this time to learn about the main character Winter, but she's just so boring and straightlaced andyou don't even know why she adheres to the rules so much.She has flashes of her past, which I think was a device to make her interesting, but those are quickly forgotten or pushed to the wayside. She doesn't say anything interesting and mostly whines for the entire introduction. Since the player knows her thoughts, it's made worse by the attempts to make the user ""bond"" with her. It doesn't work because there's nothing to bond with. She's just some rule-follower who seems upset to be...not following rules. Her mentor is clearly her opposite, but nothing interesting happens with him in the beginning.The Supposed Interesting Part is, by naming convention alone,supposed to be interesting.It starts out interestingly enough, but then immediately falls off. You're given a time limit, which is a great way to put pressure on the player. What are you doing? Trying to prevent a giant loss that has a lot of political backing to it. Also interesting. There seem to be tons of different ways to proceed too, which is why it's a shame this game lets you pick between a whoppingtwo different things. And both of them are watered down into very simplistic, almost meaningless drivel. The main character talks alot about death, but there's no weight to it. Nothing makes you feel urgent or makes you want to help the maincharacter. In fact, there's a sense of urgency to the whole game that isn't done well-- you don't know how much time has passed or is passing, and you're not doing anything but blindly following this mentor character who isn't explaining his motivations. You only have one story branching choice and the character will moan and whine unless you pick the one she's been leaning towards the whole time. It would be interesting if her choice actually affected anything, but it doesn't. You don't learnmuchnew information no matter which you pick. The idea that you have four hours to save the world, which essentially is the entire midgame, is rendered almost useless by the watered down argument of morals that follows your choice, and then immediately afterwards, everything comes to a climax. Compartively, a game like 999 makes 9 hours feel like an eternity in the game and out of the game. This game's rush to get to the climax makes it more chore-like than game-like.In the final stretch, the game goes into a fantasy mode I don't quite understand. The main character spends her time either sulking or trying to be funny with her roommate, who makes very many lesbian references but doesn't follow through (you even get an achievement called Undertones for no real reason after the lesbian-esque speaking) and while there's nothing wrong with gay characters and they don't need to have a reason to be gay or anything like that...what is the point of highlighting it so much?It ruins the end of the game because now whenever this new character comes up, she'll just be ""the lesbian roommate"" instead of ""the roommate"". Plus there's not much explaination on this other Earth, so they say a lot of things with no real explaination and people stop by and say things that make sense but it'd be nice to have more information. What's a Northwesterner? I guess they come from the Northwest. That's about all you get from the game. You have no real notion of space or time, everything's so divorced from the player that it makes the game boring.To sum up: This game is not worth buying alone and definitely not for $5. If you didn't get it on sale, wait for it to go on sale, or buy it in a bundle when the other episodes come out. Don't buy this thinking it'll be a huge, twisting, moral quandry inducing story-- it's nothing of the sort. It's run of the mill and ordinary."
,Recommended,248800,9440697,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Mizu,"Short but great story, art style is great, the ost even more."
76561197971971321,Not Recommended,248800,18534057,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,MrLobster,Be aware: the dev is mismanaged the kickstarter and the remaining episodes will never be released.Otherwise the story etc. is really nice and i would have given a thumps up if it hadnt been discontinued.
76561198027822130,Recommended,248800,33553763,Posted: 15 July,all,peter_fall_out,this game was a great intro into the dysfunctional world sadly thou it wont be completed
,Recommended,248800,13721454,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,celeste_ar,"Now, i have no idea how to review a visual novel seeing as this is the second one i've played in my entire lifetime. But what i will say though is that it gave me a pretty good idea of how visual novels work and makes me want to play other ones in the future. So that is a good sign. However, i felt that the storytelling was a bit amateurish and disjointed at times. and that the pacing varied between being either too slow or too fast. But the story and subject matter was compelling enough for me to stick with it until the end.Speaking of the ending, it leaves many questions unanswered and isn't very satisfying, this is because there will be future episodes to tie it all together. But i am a bit vary, seeing as the sequel has been delayed and even abandoned by the developers until they made a kickstarter. And in my mind, kickstarter often means trouble, there are few things that have come out of kickstarter and been exactly as good as promised. I've been disappointed, ripped off, and lied to thanks to the ""early access/kickstarter culture"" and i've learnt the hard way that you should never ever buy works-in-progress or pre-order things if you don't have a damn good reason to do so.But in the end, i think i would recommend this visual novel. Because it seems to be the best one available on steam currently. And because it combines cute and lighthearted themes with dark and philosophical ones. Touching topics such as ethics or politics."
,Recommended,248800,7707613,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,Kenny White,"One of the most moving and thought-provoking experiences I've had all year. The story and writing were brilliant, the characters were believable, and throughout the game it touches on very deep themes. It discusses death, genocide, murder, and drinking, which made me really think about the problems we face today. At 5 bucks, it's a steal. Dont miss out on (in my opinion) the best story of the year. 9/10"
,Recommended,248800,8687622,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Eddi,"Brilliant.Crude, Grity, Emotional, humbling, and no damn sugar coating. I've never played/read a visual novel as quite intense and perplexing as this. It's political, interlectual, unpredictable and you can learn a lot. The conversations alone are so fantastic and articulate that you wouldn't even need the visuals as an aid to become hooked to this, though that in itself is fantastic. Every character is unique, and none are generic or stereotypical. And ofcourse, being able to make your own decisions allows for more twisted and unique plots that you create deep connections and look at things from the characters prospective. Cogito ergo sum, if you willIt's flawless for the most part, and I'm looking forward to part two."
,Recommended,248800,9439655,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,andromalin,A short but pretty intense and interesting visual novel with an intriguing 'in medias res' style of storytelling.Also worth noting is that this is the first of three planned episodes! There's currently a kickstarter going on to help the creators finish the planned story!https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/dischan/dysfunctional-systems
,Not Recommended,248800,9438028,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,cyborgmarxism,"There are two things that make a visual novel game good - story and range of choices.Story is ridiculously didactic and pretentious. I didn't care about or relate to the characters at all.There's only one section of the game where you shape the plot in any way, shape or form, and even then your choices seem to only have a very neglible effect."
76561198088352347,Not Recommended,248800,18538570,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Lady Frey,"This was a pretty interesting game. I'm dissapointed that they didn't continue it. I would love to tell you that you should play it, but I can't really do that seeing as this looks like a story that will never be finnished now that the company went down"
,Recommended,248800,9878815,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Cyril,"Only part of a series but if the rest of the series is as good or better than this then I'm eagerly awaiting the rest of it, as this is a very stellar beginning. The story has pacing down wonderfully and is quite engaging from start to finish. Naturally can't talk about it too much but there are some serious moral dilemnas raised with no binary answers. There's only one section of interaction but it's used well, and not necessarily a binary yes/no choice. The one letdown is the length, which is admittedly not particularly long (one playthrough took me about an hour and a half, and the second starting from halfway through was 45 minutes on top of that). I think it justifies it with the quality provided, though. Certainly a good visual novel and I do hope the rest of the series gets funded and produced."
,Recommended,248800,8646809,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Vladimir Poontang,"Great game. Is well worth the play if you are into visual novey styled games. Game is based around the concept of managing other worlds but won't give too much away there. The art style is just beautiful and the story is great. Can't wait for episode 2 of the game now.(UPDATE: as of early 2015 the project was officially canceld by Dischan. There will be no more content despite the kickstarter exceeding its funding goal. Very sad, the story looked to have great potential.)"
76561198040903668,Recommended,248800,33735357,Posted: 22 July,all,zachioi,"Now that this is finally getting a continuation (episode 0 comes out July 24 2017, with episode 2 on the way), I can wholeheartedly reccomend. Kickin' music, beautiful art, and a realy intruiging world (worlds?).  I'm so glad Dischan is back and I'm excited for the future! Dysfunctional Systems got me into visual novels, and I'll always be greatful."
,Recommended,248800,13586355,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,ToxicVisions,"I'll admit, I didn't have high hopes for this VN, seeing as this is only the second VN I've ever experienced. At first, I felt that the characters were dull and that I was going to have to drop it out of boredom early on. It didn't take long for my opinion to change as the story picked up. Not that many decisions to make, but hopefully everything becomes more complex as the story continues. The art style is pretty good, as it accurately represents the tone of the story. The ambient sounds are fantastic! Easy to dismiss, but really add to the immersion of the setting. The musical choices seemed right for each situation and only further improved the tone and setting. The bottom line is that I don't regret the purchase so far. I look forward to continuing the story."
,Recommended,248800,13764504,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,SxBxNightHawk,"Overall, I think this was a good game experience. This was my first attempt at a visual novel, and it's definitely not for everybody. It didn't take me too long to beat the game, and I'm going to get episode 2 when that  comes out to see where the story goes. I think that the biggest downfall to this game was that it took a while before you could really experience the game and make any decisions. After you make your first decision, it's smart to save the game, so you can go back and make different decisions without having to restart the entire game.This is a short story, and it's obvious that there will be more games out there, as the story line leads to a sequel. I enjoyed the art in the game, as it's visually appealing, but I think the characters could use some work and not be quite as dull. Even though the characters seemed a little dull at times, the storyline was great.I think it was well worth the money if you are into visual novels, but just know that you are going to be paying for a game that is a little short."
,Not Recommended,248800,14169345,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Allison! [deaf],"Reviews for the Deaf and Hard of HearingOverall Rating: 5/10Gameplay Rating: 4/10Accessibility Rating: 10/10Overall rating is a combination of the gameplay (mechanics and story) and accessibility (how the game includes deaf/hoh gamers).General GameplayDysfunctional Systems is a graphic novel game that tells its story and involves the gamer in a story that plays out via text and images.You are Winter Harrison, a 14-year-old girl from a utopian world who serves as an interplanar mediator.  She finds herself in Sule, a world entering into conflict that she and her mentor, Cyrus, must help resolve.If you're new to graphic novel games, the pacing is slow and story-driven.  As these games go, Dysfunctional Systems' episode 1 is a short, simple introduction to the story that, though somewhat involving in its events, leaves the player left short-changed on any real development of character or story.Even so, if you have the money to spare on something you know is incomplete, this game is a small treat that can, in some ways, make up for its brevity.Replayability/SequelsWhile this episode has a promising start to something that could be interesting, it seems unclear whether or not there will be additional episodes following this one.General AccessibilityAccessibility OptionsOptions can be accessed before the game begins, allowing you control of game settings.  Music and sound volume are controlled separately and can be muted altogether.The game plays out over text boxes.  Text speed, textbox opacity and color, and the ability to skip text are all available options, giving gamers control over the pace of the game.Subtitles & CaptionsDysfunctional Systems is captioned completely from beginning to end and the story plays out in text, which does not advance until the gamer decides to do so.Captions include the speaker's name and quotes for directly spoken text.  Narrated text is provided without quotes and a name, so I assume it's the main character (Winter) thinking or addressing the gamer directly.The game's captions are very true to spoken word, so any deaf/hoh who do not frequently use English to communicate may find it tedious at times.Chatting/CommunicatingDysfunctional Systems is a single player game; no communication/chatting options available.---Visit Games Reviews for the Deaf/HoHhttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/gamereviewsforthedeaf"
,Not Recommended,248800,9441909,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,[LINUX] Trainwreck,"This game is extremely slow, nothing happens on start and there isn't any sound on Linux. I don't like it."
,Not Recommended,248800,9444360,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,AgentX,The writing is bad and there's not enough choices to be made.
76561197992676928,Not Recommended,248800,9448753,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Space Monkey,"TL;DR: The first video with the fancy animations and cut scenes do not represent this game at all. Watch the second video to get a better idea. Interesting concept but I didn't like the story, which should be the most important part of a visual novel. It takes ~2-3 hours to finish.This is my first ""visual novel"" game and my dislike for this title doesn't really have anything to do with the genre. I think VN's are interesting concepts but the real fun is in the interactivity and the story ~ in Dysfunctional System: Learning to Manage Chaos (Ep1), the story reads like a B-movie script and there is really only one interactive portion which leads to one of two possible outcomes. It's worth noting that the game was designed to be episodic so your decisions will supposedly affect how the next two episodes play out."
,Not Recommended,248800,9669614,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,ミルフィーユ,"I would like to give this VN a positive review as I did like its initial premise and I really do wish I could say it was a good experience.. except it wasn't. Despite its short lenght, it was a struggle to complete – but in order to at least give this game a chance, I felt I had to.The good:Visually, I would say that Dysfunctional Systems Episode 1 is prettygorgeousoverall. The details are beautiful, and if anything, there are too many poses and expressions (because they ultimately appear on only one side of the screen). I also applaud for the layout, which (unlike in many other games) looks well designed and appealing to the eye. Nothing bad to say about the music, either: it is enjoyable enough and far better than what I had expected for a game of this lenght and kind. In addition, the inclusion of the soundtrack so that it's possible to listen to the tracks separately grants an extra plus. Another comes simply from the fact that it is cheap.The bad:As one could expect from a VN, writing makes or breaks it, and it unfortunately broke it for me. My first ending lifted up the (otherwise miserable) experience into something near-decent, but the dragged out nonsensial epilogue successfully drowned whatever good was left. There is also little to say about gameplay in this game, as there only wasonepoint where you are allowed to make choices – but I never minded the lack of interactivity so much as how the game felt so shamelessly pieced together and none of the pieces truly fit. I don't buy the reason that it is the first in the series; it just wasn't good enough for a release. It tries to be serious but never gets pastawkwardin any of the areas it tries to explore. Instead we get a stupifying amount of details that don't matter, and characters so blank and plain that they wouldn't talk unless the creators had forced them to.Although not explicitly included in gameplay, I must mention that some of the fanart pictures (presented along with in-game art) in the ""extras"" section, are of questionable nature. Fanart is nice and all but I do prefer it as an entity of its own, separate from the game. For the creators to associate themselves with this material and comments kind of begs a question of how seriously this game ought to be taken in the first place."
,Not Recommended,248800,32901531,Posted: 27 June,all,iburnaga,Its interesting but I casnnot recommend it since there has been no update. This isn't a complete story yet. Just the introduction.Edit: Appearantly its being continued. Withholding a recommendation until I've played the next chapter. Which is unlikely given the current backlog.
,Recommended,248800,7480462,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Pitter Patter,"A very interesting concept, conducted through beautiful dialect, artwork, and music. I can hardly wait for future episodes.Edit: The developer (Dischan) is all but dead, so I revoke my recommendation for anyone who can't stand an incomplete story."
,Recommended,248800,10017750,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,ASH+Vocaholic,"It's a visual novel, through and through. Though some people may argue that visual novels aren't games because they don't contain actual gameplay, it's certainly not a bad thing to have them around as people such as myself certainly enjoy them. Besides, if you choose to get this game you should be well aware of what it entails. That said, I'll try to briefly highlight the pros and cons without spoiling the story.If you're expecting a story which is tailored to the choices you make as you try to alter the outcome of your journey, then it might disappoint you when I say there isn't much of that to be found (yet). Sure you will get a chance to choose on how the story continues but that opportunity will occur once and can only go in either of two directions. Both having a different kind of ending but aside from the words you choose to get there are pretty much identical. Now I included the word ""yet"" in brackets because this is just the first episode out of a three in total.. and from the looks of it, episode two seems like a more branched out story.Being a visual novel, that's about the only possible con I can think of because the story in itself is really intriguing and takes place in a quite captivating era. Everything else from sound to music and artwork is well done and really sets the mood for the events that are to come. Even the characters look very promising with their different personalities. It's a great and elaborate premise to what just may turn out to become a marvelous series.Like almost every other visual novel, the game features a quick load & save system allowing you to save your progress before you make a choice and go back if you're not pleased with it's outcome. This is partially in vain because you can just use the regular save and load system at any given time during the story or choices. It only saves a bit of time and perhaps a save slot. Also, with only one set of choices and two outcomes, one may question the use of choosing a different road other than fully exploring the available dialogues. In the end it does ask if you want to save your profile, which basically means your choices may affect what is to come in the next episode.. but other than having two profiles for both endings, I wouldn't expect any major changes.In conclusion, it's a great prelude to what promises to be a great series albeit a bit short in length. It is in no way to be considered a full story in and all by itself.. whether that's worth the price comes down to how much you're willing to pay for an opening introduction. My opinion: other than fancying a well-told story; if it develops a bit more and becomes more subject to the player's choices.. I'd say it's definitely worth it."
,Not Recommended,248800,8664173,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,brianbcdefg123,"The first chapter of Dysfunctional Systems, Learning to Manage Chaos is a visual novel. If you like a more relaxed experience, then certainly look into this genre more, but otherwise gamers with trigger fingers will find nothing for them here.The story itself is well-written and I feel the universe created by Dischan can be expanded upon in a variety of ways for future installments. The music is great, and I was pleased to discover the soundtrack is included with the game in its directory.Length is a real problem though - the episode is only an hour long, and I feel it could have been expanded upon exponentially. More than half of the characters are introduced in the epilogue.The achievement system in the game is also significantly flawed. Like most visual novels, you can make choices along the way to alter the story. The catch is, this only occurs at one point during the game. Most of the achievements are gained at this point by selecting different combinations of responses within five minutes of each other. Therefore, it is easy to collect most of the achievements in only thirty minutes by saving right before this point. These are not the most straightforward, and you'll either need a guide or a lot of repitition - not what I think an achievement system should be. The rest are collected by completing the game's two major endings, which are both only a half an hour after the decision point. I got a 100% in this game in a mere two hours.I also found out that Episode 2 won't be coming anytime soon. First, Dischan said they were in trouble, then they ran a Kickstarter, which succeeded! Yay! But then it didn't work out and they've been (partially) refunding people, saying that the series will not continue after all. Boo! With that in mind, I can't really say I recommend this unless you're a fan of the genre."
76561198060527161,Not Recommended,248800,10497367,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Sir Slush,"Got to be honest here - I've only played a couple of visual novels, so I can't attest to how well-written this game is compared to the majority of them. I can, however, state that it does not live up to my expectations or the standards my previous experiences have set.First, terms. A visual novel is just what it sounds like: a game in which the gameplay is principally reading lines of text, and watching character portraits and backgrounds. Most visual novels allow the player to make choices that will change the outcome of different situations, and this game has those choices as well.In order to write a fair review, I played all routes of this game. The game's main problem is that it feels like it was written by either two people and only one of them knew how to write, or the one person who wrote it was a schizophrenic. Parts of the game are moderately well-written and feel natural when read, but other parts delve far enough into purple prose that it was a physical chore to sit through them. This trend continues in every route, and when the story/dialogue stops being melodramatic, it is boring.My advice is, don't buy this game if you're looking to try out a visual novel - it may turn you off of the genre completely."
76561198022391714,Recommended,248800,30861469,Posted: 31 March,all,BaronessRomanova,Interesting premise for a visual novel but not sure how much the dialog options will impact upon future game play as there didn't seem to be much change in the first episode.Would definitely be interested in a sequel to see how this builds.
,Recommended,248800,33689334,Posted: 20 July,all,ℝ𝕠𝕠𝕜-K,"Fund Dischan! This project was something that's very near and dear to my heart so my assessment is probably biased. Even if the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ which it isn't given how it's a nuanced and interesting little snippet of a Visual Novel, the Devs have busted their asses to ensure that the people weren't cheated. They made a quality product and refunded all the kickstarters who have funded the game out of their own pockets when the money ran out! I'd buy it a hundrerd more times if I could."
,Recommended,248800,29402081,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"A superbly written story with solid characters and a great hook. Sadly, this game has been abandoned. Even just the first chapter is good enough I still recommend giving it a read, but prepare for disappointment as this is only the prologue to a story that, as of now, is not going to be written."
,Recommended,248800,18733194,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Bighomer,"Dysfunctional Systems is a short Visual Novel about a girl that has to shadow her mentor as he tries to resolve a conflict on an other world. Soon after their arrival there said conflict threatens to escalate dramatically.The story is in large part explored through dialogue, with additional information provided in the form of a short wikipedia summary and the main character's inner monologue. Overall you have very little dialogue options to choose from and there are two different endings, depending on how one argument plays out.The story is well written and interesting. Winter's thoughts are especially entertaining.The soundtrack is great and fits the game perfectly, from start to finish.The art is also good, apparently.Although the series has been discontinued, this is a review for episode 1 and I can only recommand it. It's not like it ends on a major cliffhanger either. The end is actually satisfying enough. My only concern is with the very short storyline and whether it's worth the five bucks. Considering the soundtrack it probably is, though, and you can always replay it.The deciding factor here is definitely Juniper's Knot. That's the producers' prior work and free to download on their website. If you think that it would be worth money than buy Dysfunctional Systems. If Dysfunctional Systems is on sale again than it's a no-brainer. Buy it."
,Recommended,248800,13640613,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,satori_kun,"Dysfunctional Systems is a visual novel that tells of a story about individuals dealing with problems of other worlds. The protagonist, Winter, is one of such individuals - a mediator - who tries to keep a world in proper order. As with most visual novels, you direct Winter to decide on different choices presented throughout the game, ultimately deciding the story's ending.The story itself is a quick one, and I do wish it was a bit longer (a playthrough can be done within an hour or so, if you read through it quickly), though it's a bit understandable since this is the first episode in the series - there're a couple more episodes after this one, and I believe there's a prequel in the works as well (you can check out their website to find out more about them). Given the short story, there weren't really a lot of choices. I liked the plot and I'm quite eager to know how it turns out.The artwork and soundtrack are pretty good too - the visuals are drawn beautifully, and the soundtrack complements the various events in the game. Kudos for including the soundtrack along with the game and not as a separate purchase (I have it on my playlist to listen to on the go, loved the title theme song). It'd be a nice touch to have some character voices though, which should make it even more engaging.Overall, it's a pretty good title - it has an good and interesting storyline, but is rather short that it's like a teaser for the succeeding episodes. A bit pricey for the length of the story, though the inclusion of the soundtrack more or less offsets this point. Everything else is pretty good - 3.5 out of 5 stars for me.Postscript: Considering the story and all(and the fact that it has some kind of an anime opening sequence!), they should try producing an animation for this one after all the episodes have been released. It certainly has potential in my opinion - hope you can make it happen Dischan! =)"
76561197988012862,Not Recommended,248800,9462961,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,mendel,"The quality of the writing and the artwork is about what you'd expect from most self-published efforts. The scope of this episode is what would in other games be called a ""demo"".I didn't know the genre ""Visual Novel"" before I worked through this one, but now I now it involves lots of dialogue that you have to click through one by one, along with a handful of illustrations to go along with that that may or may not have to do with the written novel. Don't expect voiceovers or more than few simple animations and sound effects.Final warning: If you do read this ""visual novel"", do not expect the laws of logic or science to hold up.P.S.: Another visual novel by the same producer, ""Juniper's Knot"", is available for free."
,Recommended,248800,8602824,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Ace,"this game is mind blowing as everything is depended on the choices you make for the girl name ""winter"" in the story for this novel game @.@  the music and the story was what made me buy it though ~.~"
,Recommended,248800,8716462,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,[ZSU] ±Knifey12,"Do not be fooled by the hours I have on this game. (I am a fast reader)You won't be paying for a game. You will be paying for a great story. You will read. You will enjoy. You will see how to manage choas. You will not be dissapointed.Dysfunctional Systems is a visual novel. It is essentially a book that is interactive and has music to it while you read it. And heck ... it's a good one. It's a cross of an awe-inspiring book and antics of a hit TV series. I bought this game on sale with sub-par expectations and was completely blown away by the story and soundtrack. And like all TV shows and books... I want more.Currently episodes one is out with episode 2 and 3 coming soon.If you have the intellect of person who loves a good story, feel like relaxing or up for some new reading material for the new millennium, get this."
76561198085722237,Not Recommended,248800,14029924,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,lozacenz,"This is basically a prologue.  It's a very well done prologue. Unfortunately, it's also abandoned, no further episodes are forthcoming.  Sadly, i must recomend you not waste your money."
,Recommended,248800,11996353,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Menin Gate,"Not sure what to say. It's an interesting 'read', but not exciting and found that there is only one real choice (the others only really help you obtain the achievements)Maybe episode 2 will be of more interest.6/10"
76561198087837941,Not Recommended,248800,29599824,Posted: 30 January,all,ZaabiZS,"I played a little. The artsyle is nice. The characters seemed okay. The writing was okay. But, around the time I started to play a huge fiasco occured in the company, which eventually collapsed. That means this story will never be finished. If you really want something from this company worth playing, then look into their free Visual Novel that has a short finished story that it tells to completion. I can't suggest spending money on someone's broken dreams and regrets. Unless you want to imagine what could have been, because again this by itself was once a hopeful start."
76561198108162491,Not Recommended,248800,10892334,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,forsakenphoenix,"+Beautiful artwork+Lovely soundtrack-Only one real decision-Only two endings-Awkward dialogueWhen I first started playing this game, I was very excited. I thought that it would be a very promising VN. The artwork was beautiful and the soundtrack was great. In fact, it has some of the best music for a VN (in my opinion).Unfortunately, those were the only good parts. The entire game only has one major decision. They don't even give you the illusion of autonomy by giving you useless choices that lead to the same path. For example, the game could have asked you whether you wanted to drink the beer or not, a pretty arbitrary choice. Instead, pretty much every choice is made for you. In addition, I didn't find the story to be very moving and the dialogue just seemed off. It's all just worded in a way that doesn't sound natural. To add insult to injury, there's only two endings, despite all of the branches in the one major decision.If you want a good VN, look elsewhere. Don't waste your cash to buy a few hours of poorly worded dialogue."
76561197971366405,Recommended,248800,512918,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,Niriel,"I was really impressed with the story, albeit short (the only downside of this VN). The BGM is composed very well, and the artworks are elaborate. Can only recommend to anyone who likes VNs - and to those who don't as well! :)"
,Recommended,248800,9436571,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Sinic,"OKAY, SOI don't usually play visual novels and stuff. But I'm really into story-related games n♥♥♥♥♥♥like The Walking Dead game, etc.This game tho, man, I just recommend this to all ppl, and make sure you get it while it's only one ♥♥♥♥ing dollar.You heard me♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ONE ♥♥♥♥ING DOLLAR. (god bless gaben and his sales)At first it's a slow start, you don't really know what's going on unless you read a summary of the game, but then things start to get revealed and start to become interesting. The slow start at the beginning will be full of character development but you'll start to get hooked.The musichttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M7mhIZDeTRU, and the art are just both astounding, and the story is very cool. There isn't much ""deciding"" or whatever, but the decisions you make will be at critical moments, and even at the moments where it's pretty much playing out your choices for you, it is still really appealing.episode 2 and episode 3 are coming out once the devs get funds for episode 1, there's a kickstarter campaign that I hope most of you supporthttps://www.kickstarter.com/projects/dischan/dysfunctional-systemsfor $5 you can get a copy of the game for yourself or for a friend and it'll go towards the remaining episodes' developmenttl;dr tho, this is a rad game"
,Not Recommended,248800,10198595,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Super Shark Face,"I genuinely liked this game, but it was very, very short, and as far as I can tell there is little replayability since there was only one real choice to make.  5 dollars is probably too high of a price for a game that's about one hour long.  5 to 10 dollars for all of the episodes might be more reasonable."
,Recommended,248800,11218651,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Hime,Nice.
,Recommended,248800,9418246,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,ソラ,Really great story! Please fund the Kickstarter if you can.https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/dischan/dysfunctional-systems
76561198077714027,Not Recommended,248800,9688768,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,stefan.kalb,"too simple, boring story. For an ""interactive"" story almost no decissions. I won't buy a second part, for sure."
76561198045754634,Recommended,248800,8683531,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Lady Aries,"This is a really great visual novel that really gets you invested in the story. The story is amazing, the characters are really interesting, the art style is great, and the dialogue is really good. I for one will be buying the rest of the episodes when they come out.It is a little short but that's only because it's episode 1. For a cheap scape like me, I don't know if I would pay 5 dollars for it, I personally bought it when it was on sale for 50% off, but if you really think about the original price it will eventually add up to the price of a normal game."
,Recommended,248800,7426117,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,chazz,Pseudo-science fiction with a dash of cute girls. Your standard visual novel fanfare-But the very thoughtfully designed art and audio assets make this otherwise short game a worthwhile purchase.
,Recommended,248800,9070415,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,KouhaiKiller,"One of the best visual novels I've played, with a great story and art. If you are unsure whether to get this or not, check out the developer's site and try out Juniper's Knot, a short, but free visual novel they made. It has the same style as Dysfunctional Systems. I highly recommend this game, though it is somewhat short, and look forward to part 2."
76561198026137771,Not Recommended,248800,8639226,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Roberto757,"It is has all the parts to make a great visual novel, except, its so short it almost hurts, I know its going to have more episodes etc. But the game is so short, and I made a decision once, and I would doubt if the other option had any difference whatsoever. The concept is good, but the story so far seems like 3 disjointed steps from 3 visual novels, talking scene, political intrigue and then a dorm room. I laughed when the game ended, I wondered where the other 75% of my game was."
,Recommended,248800,9040525,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Shogai,"From the music to the artwork, the story to the characters, Dischan released one hell of a VN. Although short, this game was very immersive and felt quite polished for an episodic work.The story lasted only about an hour and a half on fast text speed (it would take a bit longer if you read at a slower pace), but it was a compelling and interesting idea about a futuristic society. What really caught me was the parallels between this game and Steins;Gate about the idea of time and space.The music was composed impeccably and every use of each song fit well with the events of the story. It's a great soundtrack to listen to as a standalone as well, and it is provided free, absolutely free, with the game in the game folder. Big props to CombatPlayer for their quality work.The artwork had a lot of detail and depicted each scene exquisitely, which really helped with putting yourself into the setting of the story. It also looks very cleanly and neatly done, with a nice mix of colors to please the eyes. Some quality VNs don't have the most impressive of artwork; however, this one won't let you down.Character development, although it throws you in somewhat quickly, is done rather well. You will get to know mainly three characters with the focus being on two of the tree - Winter and Cyrus. This episode follows them through a good 90% of the game, with Waverly (Winter's roommate) being introduced near the end, where episode 2 is supposed to begin. However, you get a good sense of Waverly at this point before episode 2. Other characters get introduced, but they only appear with very minor roles and nearly no detail about them - yet.I'd love to see the next episode of this series be released, and it was definitely worth the few bucks spent to enjoy the few hours of story and many hours of OST listening."
76561198018435807,Recommended,248800,8602415,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Kassiova,"Currently at the time I am posting this I have played through to one of the endings. Though short this game will be released episodically, and choices made will be reflected in later episodes. I am a fan of visual novels myself and this visual novel is incredibly thought provoking. (For those that do not know a visual novel is an entirely story driven ""game"", where the only gameplay is the decisions you make at key points in the story. Some visual novels have winding paths with multiple endings each that play on every single choice you make, which makes you feel like you are controlling the direction of the story.) This visual novel plays on the theme of morality, what is right and what is wrong, and gets you thinking about your position in all of it. When you're thrust into such a situation what will you do, how will you react. It plays on your emotions and uses them to form the path that you are making for yourself. This is one reason I love visual novels because even if you play through it only once, and don't want to witness alternate choices, you still get the story because YOU shaped it with all of the choices YOU made. All in all with the great soundtrack and interesting story, if you like heavily or entirely driven stories in games, this is a must buy ESPECIALLY if it's on sale."
76561198014175847,Recommended,248800,2892031,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,KL0r31n1GER | #Idon'tknowthem,"A promising game and definetly worth every cent. Can't wait for episode 2 to be released.... (>.<)/+ Astonishing Artwork+ Good Soundtrack+ Interesting Setting+++ Yuri+++ The character designer has a good taste (^.^)b- Lack of characters (?) [Just my own opinion, but in ep 1 u only get to know 4 or 5 charatcers.]- The background is sometimes a bit too dull..."
,Recommended,248800,8599764,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,ReneG8,"Strange. Although the game itself started dull and required less attention after the decision point, I feel it could only be a VERY successful franchise given the psychology of the characters. 7.5/10"
76561198039420932,Recommended,248800,9442199,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Comrade Attila,A Short And Pretty Decent Read.
76561198025758732,Recommended,248800,8242717,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Saximus,"Visual novels!Learning to Manage Chaos is only the first chapter of Dysfunctional Systems. Because of that, it's not very long (you could easily get through both main routes in a day) and offers virtually no resolution or closure in order to set up future installments. If I had to pick one thing about the story to criticize, it would be that they really, REALLY emphasized how sheltered Winter's upbringing was. The story does, however, have a very interesting premise (complete with moral dilemmas, which is always nice), and I look foward to further exploring its universe.I think five bucks is a fair price, especially considering that the (great) soundtrack is included."
76561198057602409,Recommended,248800,8598644,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,ArchfiendJ,"First, it's not a ""game"" it's a visual novel, meaning it's essentialy a novel with pictures and sound.Second, it's good. I enjoyed reading it, but found it a bit short. Since it's called ""episode 1"" and there's some special art work, a lot of us are hoping for more episodes."
,Recommended,248800,8616804,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Winter,"Great game, Many ways to go about it and it's a great story. Would recommend to everyone as I had a great time with this game."
,Recommended,248800,9016374,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Zero Shift,"Dysfunctional Systems is a visual novel with dialogue choices that affect your ending.  There is one ending to the first episode but your choice(s) during the half-way point affects all the dialogue in the entire second half, however, the main events still occur and you will feel as if your choice did not matter.  There's also no voices, which can be bad for people like me who have poor reading comprehension.  That's all the negative aspects out of the way.In DS, you will enjoy an extremely well-written script.  With a great deal of backstory and detail, the universe is very believable and makes it a pleasure to immerse yourself within the world and its inhabitants.  Even with my reading comprehension issues, I found myself focusing all my attention to understand the remarkably deep story.  The characters are interesting and complex to the point where you won't find any stereotypes that you may have grown accustomed to.  The art in its own merit may not stand out, but when coupled with many others of the same genre, it definitely rises up and stands out from the common crowd.  A lot of the music is forgettable, and you may not want to listen to it in your car or on an iPod.  But every track seems to harmonize with the story and situations on-screen.  The music is immensely atmospheric and envelops the reader in the narrative.The greatest strength in this story is the setting.  It is so very interesting that you will eat it up and ask for more.  I can only hope that development for the second episode will eventually begin so that this story can continue."
,Recommended,248800,9719298,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,TheOwnedBagel,"This was a really, really good visual novel. It was very short, as I completed all of the endings and got all of the achievements in three hours. I really liked the idea for this, and I will definitely be getting the next episodes in the series, as long as they have more content available than what was in this.All in all, I'd give this visual novel a light blue on a scale of yellow to magenta."
,Recommended,248800,8639659,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,MaysonD,"The fourth paragraph has spoilers, so watch out.Dysfunctional Systems is a virtual interactive story about a girl named Winter.  Winter is Shadowing, watching someone prefrom a mediation.  In these mediations, Winter is assigned a system that have some sort of problem, hence the name of the game.The mechanics and options allow for an automatic playthrough, meaning you can sit back and let the game hit next to show the rest of the story.  You can set how fast they display, and how fast they change in the options.  You can speed through the game as well.  The soundtrack is amazing as well.  There are 6 pages of ten save slots which allow all of the save games.The game has two endings, both of which I have explored.  Unlike other interactive stories like The Walking Dead, these endings are totally diferent instead of how the same ending is slightly different.  Now, spoilers below, so if you want to play the game, finish the review HERE.The game's climax is about how Cyrus went about fixing this system.  He wanted to kill the president of the system, and launch a nuclear missle.  The explanation is in the game, but he makes it seemreallyreasonable.  The problem is, the nuke became self sustaining and became a star and blew up the atmosphere, killing everyone."
,Recommended,248800,8804540,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,what the nani the fuck,"Great story, awesome characters. Kinda sucks that one route will only last about an hour, but that's Episode 1 for you."
76561198006566868,Recommended,248800,9360263,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Hwel,"A powerful and well-written visual novel with incredible art and music.  The short length is mildly disappointing, but I look forward with enthusiasm to further installments in this series.  Absolutely worth reading."
,Recommended,248800,9391982,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Electromag[e],"A wonderful, creative visual novel with far more in the works, a beautiful set of art work, and some damn good concepts. The team comes from the people who created the Visual Novel ""Juniper's Knot"" which is freely available, and I would suggest you try that out to see their first, (if somewhat tiny) steps into the world of VNs they came into (though significantly shorter and far less well produced than this). If you like that, or any sci-fi visual novels, this is sure to be a treat, delivering both short bursts of light hearted humor and thick layers of rather dark concepts, settings, and events."
,Recommended,248800,9491177,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Wazuzu,Nice Western-styled visual novel. More than worth half a buck spent. I recommend it.
,Not Recommended,248800,9782569,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Grandmaster_C,Dysfunctional Systems is a good story so far though i wouldn't reccomend it to anyone yet due to how short it is.
,Recommended,248800,8617612,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,KyroBlint,Wow. At first I was very confused with the plot to this VN. But as things began to advance it did get quite interesting. One of the downsides (May be a spoiler) the route I wen't only had one choice. Gonna replay later. :\ But still this VN is pretty good for a nice read. Can't wait for next ep. 8.5/10
,Recommended,248800,8258610,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Far2close,"As soon as I heard of this visual novel coming to Steam, I knew I had to try it out. The story is very interesting along with its unique characters, settings, choices, and music. This VN is about a girl named Winter that is a student mediator on a lesson with her superior; Cyrus. Dysfunctional Systems is nice visual novel with its striking appeal. There are some hints of humor and intense situations. I definitely recommend you try this out for yourself."
,Recommended,248800,8201362,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Kryze,"My first impression on visual novels, this interactive story delivered lovely visuals, immersive story and a highly likable protagonist and interesting side characters all accompanied by an amazing soundtrack. Dischan hits the nail on this one. I also recommend looking up Junipers Knot, which is also a great novel by Dischan Media. To which I was drawn after buying Dysfunctional Systems."
,Recommended,248800,8681236,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,WingedFlame,"I just bought this game and I'm glad I did. I wasn't aware that it was episodic, possibly because I didn't read the store page enough, but I actually don't mind all that much. It was a well contained story, with the obvious room for addition. However, the 'main' story was wrapped up nicely, with only questions to how it would continue rather than what happened left in my mind.They've recently had to put a hiatus on making the other episodes, and I can understand their decision. Visual novels aren't all that common, with the most promenant ones I can think of being Telltale's Wolf Amongst Us and The Walking Dead seasons, so it's not that difficult to realise that they didn't make enough money from their game sales. Japanese dating sims (being almost identical in structure, albeit not gameplay) have huge markets in their native country, and whilst fanbases for these games grow, there's still not a guarantee that the games will sell, and are left untranslated.They've said that when they get the funds they'll restart. Who knows when that will be is a valid question, but showing support by buying the first episode will at least make a start. Neither money nor time was wasted playing this game, and I hope that this announcement doesn't put other people off at least trying it."
,Recommended,248800,8600863,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Headline™,"As much as I try to enjoy reading books, I'm not a big fan of them. When I decided to get this game (visual novel) I wasn't sure how I would enjoy it. Now, I can't wait for Episode 2! Such intense moments and emotions come in throughout this story. Reading it out loud also helped brighten the entertainment of reading the story and continuing it. I found out that I had to make choices in this novel. It is so good. I would suggest getting it. Such a great story, not confusing if you read carefully, amazing graphics, and pictures too. This game enchanted me into enjoy reading. Now, I want to read it again and see what other choices I can make that can change future episodes once they released. Get the game, you will not regret it. 10/10"
76561198045151980,Recommended,248800,10026922,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Shirokaze 白 風,"The game is little short, but it makes up for it by the moral choice and amazing art and story. Definetely worth my money."
,Recommended,248800,10645741,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,"Gio, King of the Wastes","Great emotional rollercoaster, The Art is amazing and the soundtrack top notch"
76561197992963639,Recommended,248800,7923953,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,DE3me,"Dysfunctional Systems got everything a good Visual Novel needs. Awesome art, a very interesting story concept in a relatively fresh setting and 'out of the standard' characters. Your decisions got a nice impact on the story and your character. Additional to that you can transfer your decisions into later episodes of the game. That should allow your character 'personal touch' growth.All that sounds awesome, but there is a little throwback, because the game is only ~3 hours long of gameplay (even if you replay it with different decision making it won't get much longer, because you already know most of the dialogue) and the game only marks the starting point into the world.Hopefully the next episodes of this game will be a bit longer, because the time you have with this game is really worth the price, but more is always better."
,Recommended,248800,13969775,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Pachii,"EDIT:The game is now free on Dischan's site, due to their shutdown. If you want to play the game but don't have the money, you can get it there.Oh Dysfunctional Systems. I love it so. I'm kind of surprised I find myself writing a review for a VN, but this isn't your usual Ecchi bait ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that comes with friends who idle in it for 1000+ HoursYOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE.But I feel it deserves this in light of recent events, so lets get down to it.Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to manage chaos (Or DysSys) is a Visual novel that focuses around a young Heroine named Winter Harrison, a ""Mediator"" in training. Mediators are effectively humans from an advanced world of technology, who utilize a codex bracelet and other variety of technology to cross into alternate worlds and dimensions. The goal of this? To act as a mediator. Their job is to find the main problem that causes the realm issue, and fix it. In any real means. In a way they are playing god, without really playing god.LtMC is effectively a prologue, and a bit EP 1 as well. In this you are currently in an otherwise dystopian modern-esque world with your mentor that you're shadowing named Cyrus. Who, for lack of a better word; is a bit of an♥♥♥♥♥ Also a bit brash, and doesn't really have a moral standing at all. This naturally causes him to conflict a few times in the prologue with Winter - There is even a series of achievements you unlock depending on the outcome of a multi-choice argument.One way or another, things go wrong and Winter pays the price. I can't really say more as is; cause I care too much to mention spoilers. But here is one I will mention.The game's funding is out the window.DysSys was planned to have an Episode 0 - acting as a sort of prologue to the start of the whole plot and its own prologue to explain winter - as well as an EP 2 or 3, but a game selling at $5 each doesn't exactly go over well. They had a kickstarter, it got overfunded; we were all happy to receive. Unfortunately, improper management of money on Dischan's part sort of caused the project to fall onto it's face.This doesn't mean the game isn't gonna get its sequels, but it means its gonna be done on Voluntary time. Expect a few months, maybe late 2015 at this rate.Dischan has closed it's doors, so all production has ceased.Does that mean you should buy the game? Sure. Why not? If you have $5 to spend and there isn't anything else you could possibly spend it on, then go for it. If it's on sale though, I'd say shoot for it period. It has good art, good characters, fun dialogue, and the music is phenominal.I was never good with rating numbers, so I'll just leave it at the fact is: I liked it. That's really all I have to say on it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6SY2UdX9eKk"
,Recommended,248800,9005096,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,JohnDoe,>tfw no ep2>tfw development halted>tfw no face
,Not Recommended,248800,10946308,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Exciting Jeff,"Wait, you get to make one choice in this game, and it doesn't really matter?  You read a tedious sci fi manga for... I dunno... 300 hours. and then you get to make one choice? Hell, I've played visual novel games before and enjoyed them on their own terms, but this is painful.I thought the cutscene was eventually going to end!"
76561198045679822,Recommended,248800,8599995,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,The Native,Fantastic story i want MORE
,Recommended,248800,8600908,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,White Dragon,"Fun to play great animations and awesome music, all and all love it"
,Recommended,248800,7396465,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,FanarnarBoi,"Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaos is the first installment of a multi-part visual novel series by Dischan, the same company that made Juniper's Knot. Dysfunctional Systems delves into the life of 14-year-old Winter Harrison, who is taking a course in mediation. She and her mentor Cyrus travel to a planet that is on the verge of civil war to attempt to calm things down.This being a visual novel, there are choices that you must make that affect your ending. Your choices are saved and will be carried into the following episodes of Dysfunctional Systems. The decisions are quite difficult to make, considering that they test your morality and your values as a person.Dysfunctional Systems is subtle in its humor, has well-developed characters and settings, and above all, has an amazing DnB soundtrack, available in the game directory in FLAC and MP3.I have played the first episode twice now, and I plan to play it many times over. I highly recommend it to both visual novel veterans and beginners."
76561198048268849,Not Recommended,248800,13267747,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,makersley,"Nearly great, but the extremely short length just isn't enough to properly engage with the issues it wants to engage with.  Maybe it'll be worth getting if Episode 2 is ever released, but right now it's all promise and no delivery.  Kick it to the bottom of your wishlist and come back in six months."
,Recommended,248800,33365098,Posted: 7 July,all,reikken,"It's extremely good.It's a real shame that the project is dead, because I can say without exaggerating that it was shaping up to be the best VN I had ever read. Right up my alley. Realistic sci fi, with a serious, interesting, believeable plot, and lots of insightful introspection by the thoughtful and intelligent protagonist.Ah well. It's dead. But I'd say that what's here is still worth a spin. I bought and played through it without knowing that it's incomplete, and I have absolutely no regrets. Time and money very well spent.Edit: Apparently it's no longer dead? Development seems to have restarted, according to kickstarter page."
76561198078464168,Recommended,248800,8942081,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,ʳᵘʰStalin's Own Bootleg TF2,"This game is just truly amazing, the art is very good and the music just goes extremely well with it. Nice storyline and can be saddening sometimes..Overall 9/10 :D"
76561198005426490,Recommended,248800,9435390,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Resolver,"If you think you would like this visual novel, you will.  I think the story is top notch, the pictures have a great style, and everything worked well & looked good.  My first playthrough took about 2 hours and required me to make only one decision, so don't expect a high level of interactivity.  There are ways to get more conversation options, but it's mostly just reading and clicking slowly.  I got episode 1 for .99.  Support this on steam and check out their kickstarter for new episodes."
76561198088605563,Recommended,248800,9512756,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Nightless,"After only playing through two endings, I can offically say this game is incredible!The storyline is well done and spread out wonderfully and the character development is very interesting through the playthrough. The main character Winter I had come to like as well through the gameplay even though at first I thought she was  a bit annoying. Cyrus, especially caused some mood swings from love to hate to love to depise to go die in a whole to I really like this guy.The flaw to the game is gameplay is incredibly limited. You only make one-five(depending on your decisions) choices in a thirty-a hour gameplay session. This however is pretty common in a visual novel game and overall just adding a few more choices like in dialouge would improve this. (consider that for chapter 2 and 3!) However, the music, story, and art all make up for this flaw. Actually, that is the only flaw in this game!Overall, the game is spectacular and well spent on if you love to read like myself and admire story, music, and art in a game.RatingGameplay-4/10Story- 10/10Music- 10/10Art-10/10One of the best games I played in a very long time! Have not been this fullfilled in a game for several months. Excellent work!"
76561197972653340,Recommended,248800,12284784,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Ice-9,"Dysfunctional Systems is a short visual novel about the organization that travels to other ""systems"" or worlds in order to solve the chaos that is brewing there. Art, music, story, all the elements are superb. Parts 2 and 3 should be coming sooner or later since their Kickstarter was succesfull so here's to more of Dysfunctional Systems!"
,Recommended,248800,19328148,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Strawberry_Pajamas,"7.75/10I honestly really struggle with rating this game. To be more precise, I struggle with recommending, not rating. This visual novel is an absolute beauty. I honestly loved the story and love how it was handled from beginning to end. That alone should make me want to recommend it. However, the series was officially brought to a halt. Knowing there is no continuation of the series I am deeply saddened and it is because it is so good that I fear others suffering as I have, thus I am afraid to recommend it. I played this game, knowing the series was cancelled, but I love well done visual novels. If you share this passion for a well done visual novel, I would highly recommend this series... if this series existed... Damned if you do, damned if you don't. If you've played this, you understand."
,Recommended,248800,19333442,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,kgptzac,"Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaos is one of the sad cases where an early entry shows very promising result, yet does not come to fruition.  It’s very short, and in essence only an introductory episode of a longer tale.  Yet it’s one of the better but less known visual novels currently on Steam.Now, to answer the question whether this vn worth $5 it’s asking… Maybe, maybe not.  I got it half price ($2.5) as it is on sale now.  Consider other ways I could have spent $2.5 to $5, I’d say it’s definitely worthwhile to give this vn a try.  The art style is excellent, and is quite more creative and cinematic than some budget vn where majority of the scenes are just a background image and two character sprites.  Music is atmospheric; it doesn’t stand in the way though does its job well to enhance the mood at key moments.Many may be concerned about reading only a starting excerpt of a story where the rest of chapters are confirmed canceled.  I had similar issues when I learned about the fate of the studio and this franchise… but don’t let that discourage you.  The current “episode” mostly is self-contained.  While it definitely points to continuation, I think the central plot is independent and doesn’t prevent readers to enjoy it just by itself.That being said, the only complain I really have is about the structure of this vn.  For this episode, there are at least two distinct endings (one is arguably a “better” ending than the other).  There is no way in the game to actually check how many endings there are and if they’ve been reached.  It is also not clear which of these two endings are “true” ending, and how they matter to the rest of the tale… mainly, I presume, due to unfortunate fact of the franchise’s cancellation.Final verdict: Add this game to your watchlist and buy it when it’s on any kind of discount.  Even though there is no sequel episodes, the story of Learning to Manage Chaos is quite entertaining, and along with the good art and bgm, it’s a 2-hour experience worth having."
,Recommended,248800,19279847,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Antonius Glock,"Dysfunctional Systems is a short but enjoyable visual novel. There are a couple endings, and the world-building is really interesting. Unfortunately, it was supposed to be part of a series, and I doubt we'll ever see anything beyond part one. I think it's still worth reading, but it's pretty clear that there was more to come."
,Recommended,248800,21315629,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Moonlight Bomber,"It sucks that further development on the series is put to an end, as the plot had so much potential. But as a standalone VN, it shines."
,Recommended,248800,22636825,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,HISlawyer,"Drink bear, play as a named female protagonist, and travel demensions fighting to keep the Chaos Gods at bay (Or at least in check, as the name implies) as a member of His Holy Order of the Inquisition.I may have skewed the last part slightly, you get the idea.An excelent VN with both an engaging plot, AND no explicit content. Sadly, there won't be a sequel considering it didn't sell well and has since been canceled. Dispite this, It is well worth a playthrough, even if there are some plot holes and loose ends.A crying shame this didn't get the attention it deserved."
76561198318964928,Recommended,248800,31436934,Posted: 29 April,all,那哈莽行咒,Wondeful BGM & great word designment.Strongly recommend.
76561198075858370,Recommended,248800,8552922,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Eddie grube,♥♥♥♥ing amazing... a reading game but very enjoyable.  touches on socital changes and behaviors and the moralaty of war.
,Recommended,248800,8599732,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,dogsong,ANIME
,Recommended,248800,30566730,Posted: 17 March,all,Zanda64,"I really enjoyed this game but as that this series has been scraped I can not recomend this game.EDIT:http://store.steampowered.com/app/337890/Dysfunctional_Systems_Orientation/NOT SCRAPED ANYMORE, so looks like I give it a positive review!"
,Recommended,248800,12287105,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Mourne KC,"Dysfunctional Systems follows a fourteen-year-old mediator-in-training named Winter. A mediator's job is to travel to other planets and to balance the scale of order and chaos by whatever means necessary. Winter is shadowing a mediator, Cyrus, known for being cold and willing to kill in the blink of an eye. Assigned to the planet of Sule, their mission is to balance the scale.The game's art, from the start, is beautiful (I could stare at the menu for a long time). The characters are all well drawn and expressive. The story is written well and the characters' personalities really seal the deal and just pull you in. You can tell how Cyrus is from the art and his lines; he's cold, but also has a side that you don't hear being talked about. Winter is very expressive and idealistic, and it is easily conveyed to the reader. She's not just some random protag-kun, but she has her own personality, and it shows. The music fits perfectly with the setting, and the setting further immerses you and you can quickly get a good idea as to how everything is. The detail in your character's actions and movements has plenty of detail; it gives you enough to where you can picture exactly what's happening.By the end, I was dying for more. Sadly, I finished it in around three hours, give or take a few minutes depending on your choice. There is one choice you can make, but from my experience through the second playthrough, it changes the story line in many ways. Reading after the choice was completely different between option A and option B. It wasn't worlds-apart different, but you could definitely see the changes; I found this highly fascinating.I'm not a major reviewer, so I'd say the only con I could find was it's three-hour playtime, but I'd also say it's a pro because it readies you for more episodes and leaves you wanting more. This game was right up my alley, and I'm utterly excited for the rest of the episodes."
,Recommended,248800,12428296,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,kyuucr,"Seen from its overall construction, Dysfunctional Systems wants to be respected and so it well earn my respect. Storywise, it can be seen that its creator spends much time crafting the world setting, it's interesting and mildly engaging me to find out more detail on world background. Also the art and music add to the atmosphere which shows that this game is made by so much care.For a visual novel that currently planning for episodic release, I saw this game as a proof of concept of the direction they want to take for their next installment. If they don't do anything wrong and stray from this direction, consider me sold for the next episodes."
,Recommended,248800,9812401,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Emperor Marcus Awoolius,"For how much it is, I guess it's good, There is hardly any real gameplay, but it's a visual novel, it's to be expected. Being the tryhard I am, I did apply quite a bit of thought into the choice that is within this story.Pros:Interesting PremiseNice ArtSoundtrack isn't badCons:ShortHardly any gameplayI'd like to see another, just to find out what happens next, I like a good story as much as the next man."
,Not Recommended,248800,13838145,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Alm,"When I first tried Dysfunctional Systems, everything was great. As far as western visual novels go, it seemed pretty promising. The soundtrack was also amazing. The game was very promising. Unfortunately, the developers recently announced that they (more or less) were cancelling Dysfunctional Systems development. Therefore, there's no reason to spend $5 on a cliffhanger ending with no closure."
,Not Recommended,248800,14185001,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,cyberdelika,"Do you like interactive, engaging visual novels? Don't buy this."
,Recommended,248800,7349454,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,[slckr]robilar5500,"Well, this ""game"" is really a story where you simply click the next line of dialogue and read, read, read. There are only a couple actual choices to be made in the game, and outside of that, you're really just reading a story. So....I thought the story was really cool, and am definitely interested in seeing where the next episodes take this story.Anyway, dont expect a game when you buy this. Dont even expect a lot of interaction. Just kick back and enjoy a well thought out story presented in simple fashion."
76561198084461067,Recommended,248800,12533165,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,ConfusedErection,I finsished this work of art and now im just sitting here......waiting.......for episode 2.......
76561198110239234,Not Recommended,248800,13844893,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,majorelle.blue11,"As much as I'd loved the game and its concept, the developers have recently announced that they stopped making the rest of the game completely. For 5$ you will get what basically is a demo of a game that will never be released."
,Not Recommended,248800,28741487,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Fallassuss Bloodthorn,"Great story, no gameplay, and no further episodes. I hate to do this, but I recommend that interested players should not even bother to get involved."
,Not Recommended,248800,29442192,Posted: 23 January,all,skimmilk,"they will no longer be working on this anymore, dont bother even getting this.edited: out of nowhere, I got a key to the new one they finished which is like a prequel since I was a backer for kickstarter. I guess they are coming back? They said they will give more update about it on a later on post. I will delete this once I get more information from them later on. I still wouldnt get this, not that the series itself bad but things might change but who knows."
76561198042864202,Recommended,248800,8596778,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Materia User,"Although short, if you like VN's at all I definitely recommend it. I liked this more than Analogue mainly because the story and characters were a lot easier to follow. Buy it and maybe they will continue the series, I would love to know what would happen next - and that should tell you that it's worth the investment (a small one) as well."
,Recommended,248800,8558470,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Carcosa,"I'm not one to write long reviews so heres hoping that this one won't be. I recently completed this game and unlocked every achievement for it aswell so believe that I have fully experienced what this game has to offer. Anyways, this game might seem like your typical anime romance visual novel that so many of us have experienced but the moment you start the story you realise it's nothing of the sort. It is a rather short game(good thing it's only $4.99) but it delivers one of the best stories I have ever experienced in gaming. You will go through a range of emotions when playing this game, but not from silly romance or some teenage ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, but rather from the conflicts of genocide and nuclear war. The game boasts that is like a ""choose your own adventure book"" but it does have as many choices as they do. Although there is about 500 different sets of choices you can make they really only funnel into a couple outcomes. The soundtrack that this game offers is very enjoyable and it comes free with the purchase. The art style is nice to look at and I feel it meshed perfectly with the overall plot. In conclusion:Gameplay-9/10 (too few outcomes)Art style-10/10Realism-10/10Soundtrack-8-10Should you buy it?Considering the price and the experience this game offers you would be foolish to not give this one a go!"
76561197993449779,Not Recommended,248800,15621454,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,barco,"I wanted to like this game. I went into it knowing the series had been cancelled after being drawn in by the amazing soundtrack, and in that I wasn't disappointed. The game has, essentially, one single point of interaction, and the rest is wading through surprisingly poor writing and skeevy sexualisation of 14 year olds. This is really escalated through the epilogue, and the eventual reward art for completing the game.I take comfort in the fact that my $5 is probably funding someone else's refund, but I regret buying this game, as cheap as it was. Listen to the soundtrack on youtube, watch the really nicely animated intro, and avoid the bad writing / gross ending. There are other, far better visual novels that won't make you feel like a creep."
,Recommended,248800,15544313,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Lynchy the Spooky Ghost,It doesn't have many boobs but it still gets an uprating from me
76561198051499642,Recommended,248800,12828946,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Dark Soul,"The artstyle is beautiful, the characters are interesting and promising; Overall, it has a lot of potential. The dialogue needs a bit of improving, though, and it is an INCREDIBLY SHORT game- Not really worth this much money, at all. Wait for it to get cheaper, then certainly do buy it.Looking forward to the next chapter!"
76561198075867570,Not Recommended,248800,8705585,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,♡ Gemini Goddess ♡,"I can't say I would recommend this visual novel. It takes some time for the story to actually get interesting and when it does, the story is unsatisfyingly concluded not too long after, even if it's suppose to be 'episode 1'. There's not much choice in having the visual novel end in a different way as all the choices apparently have the same end but if you're more interested in the story than choices or interaction then this probably won't affect you. The characters in the story aren't really interesting at all, and can make the visual novel feel dull at times. I really would not expect someone to say they had a favorite character. The story can be completed in 1.5-2.0 hours on average on the first play through, which isn't so bad for $5.00 but when completing the story, you should be aware that they are other persons who have done a fairly better job, in my opinion, free of charge.On the upside, I really love the artwork and as for the music I found myself listening to the title menu's soundtrack every time I went to play the visual novel, which make the free included soundtracks a cool bonus. Good art, good music, and somewhat interesting story but the overall VN falls short at truly amazing you.I personally think I could've saved my money for something else. If the other episodes turn out similarly like this in terms of how the this one ended, it would be best to just wait until all the episodes are complied into one and see what the verdict is. You would save yourself the extra money."
,Not Recommended,248800,11005865,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,kktrillionaire,"This is the type of 'game' where it is conceptually good, but lacks substance and execution to deliver upon its promise. Also, it is more of a hybrid audiovisual book than a game. The main problem here is that the story is boring, and the exposition is mid-numbingly banal. For a title that does not have gameplay and instead is relying upon storyline and exposition for its driving force, that might be considered a bit of a problem. I cannot recommend the project, but I heartily endorse the concept.[ 4 / 10 ]"
,Not Recommended,248800,9460975,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Reticulatas,"-Short-Simple-Exposition is lacking and out of place-Third Person (personal pet peeve for VN's)-Difference between thoughts/spoken/action/scene dialogue is sometimes hard to distinguish-Art is great, but limited-Beautiful UI design-Music is great"
76561198028325917,Recommended,248800,7294948,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,TamaSaga,"Beautiful artwork, fun interactions, an intriguing setting, immersive soundtrack, and nifty extras.- Beautiful artwork - these aren't the usual visual novel place and express.  Instead of the clear-cut lines and cel-shading that I normally see, the sprites and the background are in a nicely arranged watercolor.  I'm reminded of Little Witch's art style.  You also have some thoughtful animations like the walking scene.- Fun interactions - remember the screenshot where Winter is punching the guy?  You get more than that right up to the climax of this episode.- Intriguing setting - Think of Sliders, but with a different mission.  Now they have to mediate the conflicts, and there isn't one way to do it.  And fantasy is just as possible as sci-fi.  And, the first episode has a surprising climax that I had suspected but did not completely realize.- Immersive soundtrack - the song playing on the title screen has already pulled my attention.  Did I mention that the soundtrack is included with the game?  Just look in the steamapps\common\DysfunctionalSystemsEpisode1\Learning To Manage Chaos OST.- Nifty extras - I think these were immediately available, but you can see fanart in the extras menu."
,Recommended,248800,12401161,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Mortimal,Just great... no less!
,Recommended,248800,12134957,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Nosmokey Bear,"The game is a bit short, and only gives a few choices, but the story and atmosphere that is created in very engaging."
76561197999143250,Recommended,248800,9446444,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Xanedis,"The first episode of three(at least at the time of writing this review), Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaos is a dream come true to those who wanted more depth from their visual novels.I'd describe the 'depth' I perceived in the title this way; first of all, the characters are NOT one-dimensional. They ACTUALLY felt like proper people to me. This cannot be said for all visual novels, though there are always some that are phenomenal(peopel who play them know what I am talking about). Anyway, I won't expand on the characters more than by saying that the vibe of them being like 'real people' really made this story for me....Along with the premise. Goodness. The premise is what really carries the game, along with the characters. Basically(without spoiling anything else than what is apparent from the very start), your character is a mediator; a person who manages difficult conflicts in different worlds. She, as well as you, as the reader, struggles with some of the concepts of mediating, but - once again, like you - she grows to understand and realize the deeper meanings of her job.I appreciated this story both as a writer and as a gamer. Obviously, there's still words to be said for the music and stuff, but I'll summarize it by saying that there's more life and energy in this visual novel, than in some high-profile one's I've played. And I can definitely say this is one of the better VN experiences I've had during this year(and, for comparison's sake, I'm gonna state that I am playing Danganronpa at the moment... And I like this slightly more. Just a personal preference, though).Anyway... As another person on the internet who REALLY appreciates good stuff, I implore other Visual Novel gamers to look into this three-episode title. And, if you like it, consider backing the kickstarter for the second and third episode(as of today, the kickstarter has 9-10 days left, and has gathered two thirds of the money needed for making the sequel episodes)."
76561198047740771,Recommended,248800,9443287,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Ruski,"Excellent game, awesome story line! Kinda short, but good. Music and art is amazing."
,Recommended,248800,9436304,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Chiaqi,"A beautiful game. Loved the music, the artwork and the story."
76561198031028270,Recommended,248800,9482643,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Zant,"Non-Spoiler in terms of storyLovely art, music and atmosphere. Really can't credit how much I loved the overall tone of the game and the concept, so much to explore and so much potential.Although the main character Winter at this point feels a tad overplayed as eiher unintelligent or unsure of themself to the point where it feels unrelatable at least for me personally at points. I still connected with her plight and ""smart♥♥♥♥♥quot; personality at times and those moments were splendid, really hope to see her grow stronger.Cyrus feels like an interesting character if left to grown in the future.I loved the roomates personality and really hope she plays a larger role in the future.Overall the writing was captivating and interesting and only had very few polishing places from what I could tell.I recommend this to anyone that loves multiverse concept with a stunning set of artistic value, or for anyone with a passing interests in visual novels that don't mind waiting for new chapters.In short I adored the gems and potential this VN gives so for me it's simply too high to not give it a try."
,Recommended,248800,9668478,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,baeporeon,"I love games based on cause and effect choices, especially visual audio novel ones.There is tonssss of dialogue before any choice is made. However it was fun seeing what endings there were.This game is recomeded to niche players of the audio novel genre.Can be a little off setting for people who just play fps their whole gaming life.Can't wait for the next installment."
,Recommended,248800,11324984,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Frope,i really enjoyed this
,Not Recommended,248800,14786389,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,RavingDead,JESUS 'F' ING CHRIST WHY DO YOU HAVE TO MAKE A PROLOGUE OF SOMETHING SO 'F' ING GOOD BUT NOT MAKE A SEQUEL GOD DARN I DON'T CARE IF YA NEED TO DO A KICK STARTER FOR EPISODE 2 BUT DO IT ALREADY YER STORY IS SO GOOD BUT SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 'F' ING INCOMPLETE GOD DAMMIT I'LL BE WAITING BUT JESUS I'VE WAITED FOR LIKE A YEAR FOR IT'S SEQUEL AND STILL NOT OUT?! PLEASE DO SO ALREADY CUZ IF NOT THEN THAT CLIFFHANGER TASTE YOU LEFT US IN THE BACK OF OUR MOUTHS 'F' ING SUCKS10/10 would cliff again
,Recommended,248800,13381690,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Captain Scoresby,"""Learning to Manage Chaos"" is a beautiful, thoughtful first entry to the Dysfunctional Systems series. When I first played, I was disappointed in its brevity, but as I investigated the upcoming second episode I became more excited about this series and now I see ""Learning to Manage Chaos"" as a lovely short introduction to the world of Dysfunctional Systems."
,Recommended,248800,10173344,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Cornflakes,"Hot damn. This visual novel is awesome.Other reviews have already mentioned the nice art and the exceptional music, but to me the most interesting aspect was the way it made me think about the issues at hand.DS:LTMC will interest you if you're into moral choices (and dilemmas), problem-solving and/or a heated discussion. Although there aren't many dialog options, the words, art and music work together to create a thrilling scenario that had me sitting in front of my computer pondering each option carefully for sometimes up to half an hour.The characters are very believably written, meaning you can relate to most of them. Though that doesn't necessarily mean that you'll like them. In addition to that, the VN gives you some minute background information on its inhabitants and inner workings that introduces what could become an amazingly detailed story world. There are lots of hints that leave me hoping they will be explored in the episodes to come.And aside from the intellectual points of interest and the detail of the story world, the emotional impact this VN has had on me was one of the greatest among everything I have bought on Steam so far.I heartily recommend buying this. Five bucks is somewhat steep for the amount of time you'll spend with it (up to 3 hours max for the first playthrough), but the sheer quality of this production damn well justifies the price.Also, their Kickstarter was a success, so Dischan will release the remaining two chapters as well! Hooray!"
,Recommended,248800,13628275,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Amaterasu,Definitely would highly recommend this for any fans of VN or someone looking for a good English introduction into the medium.
76561198079760736,Recommended,248800,22738684,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Luicusa,Spoiler85 minutes in I already screwed a planet to the point of desolation
,Recommended,248800,8659387,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Vinny,"This is a really good buy if you like an experience that makes you dive into a story and see it through all the way. Keep in mind it is a visual novel, so there isn't much gameplay to go along with it. It does give you the ability to make decisions that change the way the story goes and how it ends. 10/10."
76561197974322682,Recommended,248800,13369923,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Kev,Gorgeous game. Great soundtrack. Very involved story and characters. The choices gave me PTSD.Can't wait for episode 2.
,Recommended,248800,13366265,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,captain penis,"Good game. It is like reading a book with good music and cute characters.The track ""Seize The Day"" is actually  reason enough to buy this game."
76561198121361705,Not Recommended,248800,13950926,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,calleyalleyoxenfree,"I knew I was getting myself into a game with a ton of cutscenes, I was expecting that. However, I was also expecting that these cut scenes would be vital to get information, so that I could make informed decisions later on. Then I discovered that there's really only two decisions to be made, maybe 3. If you're lucky, and choose the right path, you get to choose a little of your own dialouge.This is a story game. Like a choose your own adventure, except without the ""choose"" bit."
,Recommended,248800,9205765,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,✪ moonchow.xyz,"Listen, I usually never do reviews on games but this is a must!Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaos is a wonderful visual novel, the story is captivating in its own unique way.I finished both paths and I must say I can not wait for episode 2 (If there is one).Do I recommend this game? Definetly, This is well worth the $5."
76561198052020844,Not Recommended,248800,8623548,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Tin Man,"Too short and lacks much replayability. 4 hours.. beat game more than 4 times, got every acheivement. This needs more content."
76561198034673023,Recommended,248800,8601413,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Into the Sky,"The first installment of Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaos is, when taken as a whole, a very solid experience.  The art and music are well crafted at pretty much every juncture, and the story picks up a lot after the first half hour.  It does however, stumble a little bit coming out of the gate.  Initially, the game's protagonist, Winter Harrison, comes across as both incredibly naïve and needlessly childish for a 14 year old.  This, along with the weird, veiled flirting that seems to pass between Winter and her mentor, Cyrus, felt very inauthentic and made me cringe more than a couple of times.  To the game’s credit though, as the story progresses into the climax and the extended epilogue, the dialogue improves substantially, becoming far more naturalistic and believable.Despite some problems with characterization and dialogue, the story of Learning to Manage Chaos really delivers by developing a strong, tight plotline.  Everything that happens feels like it occurs as a very natural consequence of the events that happened in previous scenes, and the events culminate in a pretty exciting finale.  The climax may feel like it came from out of left field to those who didn't take the time to read through the provided codex, but given how interesting most of the entries are, I don’t think any blame for this lies with the developer.Some final notes to keep in mind.  This story is short, probably only an hour and a half or two in length, depending on how fast you rush through it and there’s not much in the way of replay value.  Most of the choices come in rapid fire right before the story’s finale.  If you're not the type who’s willing to shell out a few bucks for only a couple of hours of entertainment, definitely look elsewhere.  I'll also say that there are points where it feels like some corners were cut.  For example, the epilogue, which makes up maybe a quarter or so of the story's running time, is shot from a single point of view, showing only Winter and her roommate.  This wouldn't necessarily be a problem, however it’s very noticeable when three people come to the room, and all three remain distinctly off screen.  This isn’t a sticking point for me, nothing else about the game looks or feels cheap and I know that it can be tough balancing your budget as small developer, but it is something I’d keep in mind.Overall, I’d definitely say dive in.  It’s a fun little Visual Novel with a pretty nifty science fiction premise and nice, well-paced plot.  Thumbs Up."
,Recommended,248800,10285972,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,LukteDukte,"Dysfunctional Systems is a visual novel series featuring Winter Harrison, a student mediator from a utopian world.What is a mediator? A mediator is someone who travels to chaotic worlds, attempting to resolve the issues plaguing them.The story follows Winter with her mentor Cyrus Addington to a world that has an issue that needs to be resolved.The novel has beautiful art style mixed with choose your own adventure and music that fits with the story and situation.The story itself is worthwhile, something that you wouldn't get bored of.Dysfunctional Systems is a well made visual novel that should be noted. I say it's just like buying a good novel in a bookstore for just 4,99€. You could buy two chips bags with that. I would say, buy it if you feel like reading a good story or something out of the ordinary. Or, if you don't want to spend money, you can always play a free visual novel from the same team. it's called Juniper’s Knot and it's on there official website.Good story, good music and wonderful art style."
,Recommended,248800,10691983,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,TUSDarryl,"I don't play many visual novels, but when I do, they're excellent.Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaos is a very short, but long-lasting visual novel with compelling story telling. And it's gonna be a series so don't think you'll be done after this episode.The character's are believable, compelling, and the choices aren't very easy to make when it comes down to making choices.I give this first episode a 9/10 and am looking for to episode 2 whenever it shows up!"
,Recommended,248800,7521593,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Kissemisse,"I love this visual novel, sadly it won't be continued :("
,Recommended,248800,7651895,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Camelith,"Visual novels aren't a real medium but I'm a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥weeaboo or something, so what the hell."
,Recommended,248800,8658933,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,PortalGunFun,"Not bad. Worth the 2.50 I paid at least. It's not exactly a game... But more of a visual story. You have zero control up until you're given a choice. I played through it twice, and found that both choices changed the story significantly, however. Although  do be warned, the game is pretty short. I played through it twice in one sitting. Although it's worth the price, especially the sale price. Also the developer seems to be undergoing some financial troubles, and needs to sell more copies or else they can't continue to make episodes, so you can help a struggling indie dev."
,Recommended,248800,8753933,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,DannyToast,"This is, somewhat suprisingly, one of the best narrative experiences that I have ever seen. This is the first and most definetly not the last visual novel I am going to play and I look forward to the next entry in this series."
,Recommended,248800,8611869,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Archangel,"Long Version:I don't know exactly what to say, but it's an intringuing game that, in a way, tells you how an utopistic world with no problem could behave against other worlds who have issues like ours; I can't really tell much without spoil it and all I can say, it will make you ask a lot of questions on ""how"" or ""why"" they do this and ""how"" or ""why"" did it turn like this.As for the game itself, it's played like a Visual Novel (aka, if you want action, don't even bother play this one) and despite some issues that doesn't ruin the game (no voice acting, weird clothing, some lack of backstory or details), the game it's good enough that will make you wonder what's coming next.The real issues, however, aren't exactly real but still bothers me:1) the main character, despite being the ""next"" mediator, definitely seems careless and unless you go through some endings (which change somethings, but nothing drastic to extreme points) you don't see a lot of initiative, but a lot of complains; I can glance over the fact that she has no real ideas what's a world different from hers, but still acting completely careless or annoyed doesn't involve US. ""If the main character doesn't care, how can we?""2)The game is very short, and basically lasts 2 to 3 hours: after that you can do the endings, but they won't take so much time to unlock. The real issue here actually is that it ends pretty suddenly and, really, I don't feel satisfied: nothing has really happened at all and I'm actually curious on what's next, because all of the matter of this first episode is already ""forgotten"" later on. In short, a better ending would have been much more better (and luckily, our choices will matter on next episodes).3) Some more choices.....yeah...that single choice wasn't what I was expecting for, considering the game tells you ""your choices will affect the story of the game"". I guess, until next episodes, we won't know how our decision affected the story.Short VersionDo I suggest it? Yeah, if you like VN style games I highly reccommend it, especially in hopes to get the next episode someday: good VN are always welcome and I can't deny that I'm curious myself of what's going to happen next, since the story is set basically on a sort of suspension, making us wonder what's going to happen next, and perhaps we get some proper backstory and character development.Skip it if you don't care of reading."
76561198069983503,Recommended,248800,8992021,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,ethannnn378,"Great game! I played through it twice, just so i could see both endings. Although it seems short, i believe i spent more than 3 hours on it. If I haven't lready spent that long, I'll probably spend the rest of what's left just looking through the art and listening to the jukebox of in-game music. I'll probably even play through it two or three more times just to explore other options! Love it! I'm actually still listening to the soundtrack while I write this!"
,Recommended,248800,9350532,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,GGG,Story                  10/10Music                  10/10Character design 9/10good vn. waiting the next chapter. buy it.
76561198016469357,Recommended,248800,10738216,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Neeto Guido,Too much words.
76561198044887660,Recommended,248800,8540085,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,drakodra,this is a great viduel novel with a little bit of choice which either leads to youkilling the president or negotiating with him i do wish it would offer a little bit more choice but it's still great and that little bit of choosing changes the entire story afterwards.
,Recommended,248800,8611693,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Eternull,"Great game, stroy line, writer, programmer, art designer, and great all round EVERYTHING else. I hade tears, unexpected twist or I least I thought since I just started playing without reading what it may be about in description of game. Get it while on sale. Definantly worth the $5.00 though. I can't wait to see the next episode. Props to the makers, a really good job."
76561197995391876,Recommended,248800,8616462,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Vigil,"A VN with an intriguing premise and great art design. As an added treat, the game's soundtrack also comes with the game. Dollar for dollar, for $2.50 the game has great value.Also, I hope you remember how fusion and fission works."
,Recommended,248800,8618457,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,eternalised,"Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaos is the first episode in a longer series. The story has plenty of set up, but not as much action, and when you feel like you're getting somewhere, it ends.The achievements are quite easy to accomplish, the art is good, and the story is great. Dialogue is a little slow, but fits the overall mood of the story.If you like visual novels, you'll probably like this one too, although there weren't enough options for me to truly enjoy it. I like the ""choose your own"" adventure games, but here you only get to make a choice once, and apart from that, you click your way through the game."
,Recommended,248800,8631092,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,NotACarebear,Want some brainfarts?   its quite a read with a couple options while reading.    i feel educated. now you!
,Recommended,248800,8763997,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Fragmaster Lee,"If you like reading, you're going to love this game! (Even though it's much closer to a book than a game.)The interface is very polished, and the game conveys what it wants to well. If you like good story and lore I would suggest you try it, but it's not for the kind of person that skips cutscenes or doesn't like books. It's not half as Anime as you might think, and I'm really looking forward to future installments."
76561198032582974,Recommended,248800,8810167,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,nosro94,"Purely engrossing and captivating, after playing the first episode I can't wait for next ones to be released.P.s. the muic is fantastic."
,Recommended,248800,7316079,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,kisa,"Cool story, awesome soundtrack :)"
,Recommended,248800,7318872,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,deathweaselx86,"I've only played a little of this game, but I like it. I'm not sure why, but it's very charming. It's not particularly ""action packed"", but it tells a nice story and you can affect it."
76561198022722087,Recommended,248800,3437736,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,Bluish,Great Visual Novel
76561198031697173,Recommended,248800,4077963,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,face,"AMAZING best visule novel scince katawa shojo, however different its great, while katawa shojo was basicly a dissabled dating simulator (2013) with storyline thrown in, DS:LMC is a must buy for £3 its a must buy if you like story and/or good games, with great art, excelent soundtrack and a scifi-fantasy storyline that rivals that of major tv series, such as: breaking bad, game of throwns and bates motel, and with the episode based release system the story will go on!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (but seroiusly get it) IM LOOKING AT YOU JAMES PEADLY"
,Recommended,248800,8602680,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Sykaas,"This game had me completely absorbed by the end. Great art, great music, and a fascinating story. Worth your time, and your money."
,Recommended,248800,8603265,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,nerdkid93,"This ""game"" has a very addicting storyline. I bought it soon after it was Greenlit, and ever since I played it, I have been dying to get the next episode. While this ""game"" is fairly short, it provides a method for you to save a finished game as a ""profile"" for when the next episode comes out. Then you deal with the consequences of your decisions of your playthroughs. I also really enjoyed the non-linearity of the storyline (as there are multiple endings). Please try this! You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,248800,8605641,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Swanky,"If you're already a fan of Visual Novels, then I recommend this game for you. If you have yet to play one, or are interested, this is also a great one to start off with. An excellent, but small cast of characters and an expansive world, you will find yourself revelling in all this game has to offer. I, myself am a fast reader and managed to complete the main story arc(s) rather quickly, but there are some minor achievements for you to hunt down too. The characters are well written, and complex. The game ends on a final note, but leaves it open for the next chapter. Overall, the devs did this game right, and in the future I hope it will continue."
,Recommended,248800,8613317,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,FIGHTINGDRAGONSWITHTAYLORSWIFT,dude tries to get 14 y/o drunk for some sexy times. 11/10 it's ok
76561197969744832,Recommended,248800,8616422,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Thaan,"Good artwork, good story definitely worth a shot if you like visual novel."
,Recommended,248800,8635060,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Pamphy,"great game, 10/10 would kill everyone again..."
,Recommended,248800,8639032,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Cerique,"More a story than a game, with just a few choices to make near the middle of the plot. However, as a story it's clever and engaging, with a fantastic soundtrack. If you're after something a bit different, this is definitely worth a go."
,Recommended,248800,8641516,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,dedere,the story is fantastic i loved it so bad and i  cant waite for the second part
76561198101582794,Recommended,248800,8699976,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,syveen,100/100 awesome game/story novel i truly enjoyed it
,Recommended,248800,8721567,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Combat1921,"If you're into VN's this one is very interesting and will almost definitely make you hooked wanting the next episodes.  There's a certain sense of intelligence to it that I just adored. I whole-hearteldy reccomend it IF you're not like me.  Personally I wasn't aware this VN was being released episodically and Learning to Manage Chaos is just the first episode, and I reading series as it's released because I want to have complete control over the rate I consume a fictional work."
,Recommended,248800,8847867,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,iyrsiiea,"Well, to start off: this is a visual novel, not a game. It's interactivity is limited. There were several moments where it felt like I should have had a choice or dialogue option, but none were given. There are a few choices that lead to one of two distict endings, but it doesn't feel like quite enough. Secondly, it's too short. I was given very little time to really get into the story and the characters before it abruptly ended.But all of that aside, I like Dysfunctional Systems. The aesthetics, music, characters and world are all beautiful and engaging. The few choices I had were harrowing and had an effect, however limited, on the story. I had been impatiently waiting for the first choice to come up thoughout the first section, and when it did I was left dumbstruck. I had no idea what to do.If you like stories and don't mind spending more time reading than making decisions, pick up this visual novel."
76561198046951943,Recommended,248800,9721278,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Clouds Phantom,I can't wait for the rest!Such a great concept
,Recommended,248800,10331121,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Zuffle,Excellent story and plot. Add in great music and you have a great visual novel. The story leaves me emotionally involved and wanting more. Thoroughly entertained
76561198000293871,Recommended,248800,7872726,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Mr. Hat-and-Clogs,"I've been hyped from the first time I saw this on Greenlight. After completing the game, the most saddest thing is its length. Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaos is a great visual novel. The art style is unique and the soundtrack is captivating. The story follows a utopian theme, but doesn't get too futury. I like that. Overall it is a high quality game, and I can't wait for the next episode."
76561198100458229,Recommended,248800,8597690,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Kyo,"It´s ok for players, who likes games like analogue: a hate story. You have less decisions and the game is very short, but the story is very impressive. Have fun ^^"
76561198030784845,Recommended,248800,9087184,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Amelius,"Great game.I really liked it, buy it and try for yourself. :D"
,Recommended,248800,9111458,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,thesheepwolf,Really intruiging story line alongside a good amount of humour. Lacks illustrations in some instances but it woould be unreasonable to say that the graphic style isnt really great. 8.5/10
,Recommended,248800,9424027,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Zabuzan,"Didn't know what to expect, but for under a quid I figured it was worth a go. Was pleasantly surprised to find it was an unbelievably good purchase in terms of value for money. Most importantly, the story was excellent and I've since completed both key storylines and all of the different major decision routes because it was so enjoyable!The artwork was top notch, the music was excellent throughout. All the extra art work and jukebox that come bundled in with it were also a great touches. Would strongly recommend for quite a different experience to the standard Indie offerings on Steam. Would happily have paid significantly more for this, a nice hybrid of books and gaming into a more dynamic experience than a book can provide whilst retaining a level of interractivity that only ""gaming can offer"".10/10 - can't wait for the next part of the story and will definitely have to help the crowd funding project I've just read about!"
76561198047203676,Recommended,248800,9488570,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Dreamer,"I loved it, when is coming the next episode? Totally recomended, i liked the development and the story too, the art is realy cool. I will stay tuned in to support this project :DNot to mention that the art was made for a Deaviant: Doomfest, the OST made by Combat Player, another talented part of the team and you will like it for shure if you like electronic music.The design is pretty cool. Yes the game is small but it worths the money to me. People who likes to play Visual Novels should give it a try cuz not just japanese can do a nice product and thats what Dischan is showing us here."
76561198082313163,Recommended,248800,9509987,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Spear of Adun,"Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaos is a short visual novel (VN) that takes about 2 hours to complete. If you're here, you probably know about VNs and you should skip this paragraph. However, for those who haven't experienced them before, VNs are best described as a mixture of novels, comics/manga, anime and artwork all in one. VNs are essentially what you get when you remove virtually everything and focus a ""game"" on one aspect and one aspect only: story (with artwork and music enhancing the experience), in hopes that it will carry the entire product. Needless to say, what you get out the end is usually a story that is very good, with brilliant artwork and excellent music. VNs often feature several choices that offer alternative dialogue and different endings.Now that that's said, let's take a look at Dysfunction Systems: Episode 1. Episode 1 is only about 2 hours long, and the other two episodes are having their funds raised on Kickstarter. Don't let that put you off, however, as Episode 1 is still a full experience in its own right. DS is a VN, so of course the main thing is story, right? On this aspect, DS passes with flying colours. The setting is immediately interesting and the two main characters are defined and interact quite well. For obvious reasons, unlike most VNs (which often feature a long, comedic ""common route"" before a tear-inducing ""true route""), DS gets to the point quickly and effectively. The length of this VN doesn't allow for much ""fluff"", and indeed the plot progresses quite smoothly, quickly leading to the climax and an ""epilogue"" of sorts which serves to lead into the future episodes. More specifically, the plot follows Winter Harrison, a mediator-in-training, and her mentor Cyrus Addington. The job of mediators is to travel (warp?) to a world and attempt to resolve any tensions they may have, be they environmental or political. Clearly, these ""mediations"" are dealing with fragile situations, and sometimes the best course of action isn't obvious. Mediators have to use their best judgment, which may or may not go according to plan.Now, onto the music and artwork. I don't need to say much, as both are brilliant. The menu music, in particular, is possibly the best piece of menu- actually, scratch that- background music I've ever heard. Take a listen to ""Terminus"" on their Kickstarter page:https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/dischan/dysfunctional-systemsYou won't even want to start the game because this is playing in the menu. Characters and backdrops have a very interesting soft, hand-drawn look to them, which is quite rare in VNs. The menu style and overall aesthetic of the game also looks very nice, with a touch of minimalism which makes the sci-fi feel that much better.A short paragraph to those who are VN veterans, and want to see how this game lines up with others in its category: DS is a bit like Planetarian mixed with Steins;Gate. Here you won't find the same level of despair as Muv-luv, the world-shattering secrets of Little Busters, or the epicness of Fate. But for something able to be completed in 2 hours, it is definitely a memorable story, and without the need to go through hours and hours or what may be a mundane common route.So, to sum it all up, Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaos is a short game with no gameplay. But what it lacks in action and shooting, it makes up for many times over with its story, music and artwork. Give it a try for a few dollars; you won't be disappointed, VN player or otherwise."
,Recommended,248800,9510155,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,More like Rai-don't!,"Well, I've had some time to digest what happened in this game. I did both Cyrus' and Winter's conclusions, so I feel qualified to talk about this instead of saying something stupid like ""hurr Winter is my waifu"" or whatever passes for humor. Since I'll be talking about how the plot progresses, there's going to be spoilers. Though if you're seriously reading the reviews for a VN where the writing's the most important part, then the tl;dr for you is that it's a good story for what's basically the set-up to something larger.The writing is good for this type of story where there's shifting between worlds as they are. Winter and Cyrus are clearly human but they come from a world much more different than our own. For instance, their form of government suggests that a group of people are in control of their entire world and what they do. Waverly's references to ""foreign"" literature (as in, from other worlds), as well as their accents, suggests that their standards of writing and academics, among other things, are something completely different than what we are used to. Their level of technology is also beyond that of our own, what with the instant-teleportation devices, access to a virtually limitless inventory, and drugs that can completely flush out radiation sickness within a day. It's a world close enough to ours so that we can relate to it but far enough thanks to the way the characters act about various things.Winter is believable as a teenager: She objects to alcohol, she knows when something is completely out of her depth (be it because she wasn't properly paying attention or because she simply wasn't taught about it), and she possesses the ability to rebel against authority to a point. Her life circumstances are also something some readers may be familiar with w/r/t her parents and how they had an impact on her life (her reaction to the suggestion to drinking due to the suggestion that her mother is an alcoholic and her tendency to avoid really vulgar language thanks to her father).Cyrus is a bit of a punk, even though his intentions are good: He's the one who comes up with the plan to kill the president and the one who pushes Winter into situations under the pretenses of preparing her for this line of work (such as pushing her to drink). He also is patient, but persistant, to a fault, and he'll even concede on his viewpoint provided that the alternative can achieve a better result. After all, the point of what he and his comrades are doing as mediators is to maintain a level of order in worlds that, without their intervention, would fall apart. However, according to what Winter has found out from her classmates, and what Winter will find out should she not stop him, Cyrus is rather cold and merciless and willing to do anything up to and including murder people in order to achieve the best possible result.Which brings up the paths of the game. The end result is the same, which is that the world the two were trying to save ultimately dies thanks to circumstances neither could possibly predict. If Cyrus' plan is carried out (that is, kill the president), the president leaves behind a dying message and informs everyone that the nuclear bomb has already launched at their enemy and to prepare for war. This is pointless on his part as the bomb causes a reaction that ends up burning the atmosphere and killing everyone. Winter feels extreme guilt at being unable to stop Cyrus and prevent him so that they could try finding another way. Cyrus is now in trouble for his rash actions, which makes his current reputation among his peers even worse.If Winter's plan is carried out instead (don't kill the president but suggest to simply detonate the bomb away from the mainland as a showing of power or even come up with a new plan entirely), the end result is that, thanks to the fact they haven't done the proper testing, the atmosphere ends up burned again and everyone dies. (As an aside, that's the reason for both outcomes: Lack of testing due to not wanting to blow their cover.) The two try to teleport to the president's office before the bomb is launched to stop him, but he's already gone and the bomb has already detonated. The shockwave destroys a large window and Cyrus has to shield Winter in order to protect her from the falling glass. Now instead of feeling guilt for not stopping Cyrus from committing murder, Winter feels guilt for having indirectly doomed an entire world.The epilogue also changes depending on whose plan went through. If Cyrus' plan was the one, he lands in serious trouble with his peers, Winter ends up hating him, and Waverly (Winter's roommate) has to deal with a classmate who wants to see her as well as her former mentor with a collegue, and even Cyrus himself. She is also not as close with attending Winter's illness as she is if Winter's plan was the one. Speaking of that plan, the other changes are a more vulgar classmate wanting to see her, the fact that Cyrus got wounded (broken glass is not something to screw around with), and the potential consequence of Winter's actions affecting her future as a mediator.The other parts of this visual novel (the art and music) are pretty good. The music gives off a sci-fi feel, with the proper songs playing during the proper parts (tense music for tense scenes, for example). The art makes the faces and poses expressive, which is important for conveying the moods that the script is claiming at that time. As they are, they compliment the game nicely.All in all, the game's good and I recommend playing both main sides of the story to experience it as it should be."
76561198088011804,Recommended,248800,9588625,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,TruantSlayer,Fantastic storyline and critical choice points. Can't wait for the next one.
,Recommended,248800,10024644,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Profile,"The game felt too streamlined, but I would really have to see the next part of the game to talk about how I feel about it more. By itself, the game is tricky. I think that's entirely because I took the ""codex"" too seriously and didn't consider more obvious possibilities when making my decisions. It doesn't hurt to play with your gut instinct."
76561198018803608,Recommended,248800,10053410,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,SanePLJ,"Having never played a visual novel I found this game very engaging.It has great artwork, music and excelent story, however the game is quite short but this game is episodic.Dischan are now developing Episode 2 thanks to a successful kickstarter, which I for one am very excited about.If you are unsure if you would like visual novels you should check out Juniper's Knot which is free and available to downloadfrom Dischans own websitehttps://dischan.org/product.php?productID=4"
,Recommended,248800,10799818,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,colorlessness,"Pretty well-written and entertaining VN but quite short and non-interactive, even by normal VN standards.  There's basically only one choice/series of choices your character makes.  Would recommend it on sale but not at normal list price -- there just isn't enough content here to justify it, even if you're a fan of the VN 'genre' in general."
,Recommended,248800,11069504,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Melodium,Play this game. Right now. Stop searching for something to play and just play this. Do it. Just stop everything and play it. Right now. Play this game.
,Recommended,248800,11080797,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,GypsyRoSes,"first off don't buy this if you are thinking it's a game, this is a visual novel, not a game.you make decisions to affect the outcome. i enjoyed the story very much.  the music is excellent.i supported this on kickstarter & can't wait til the next episodes arrives :D"
76561198145213725,Recommended,248800,11288897,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,projectwakii,"Dysfunctional Systems was a beautiful read and I thought the dialogue was intriguing. The characters are clearly set up to undergo a lot of development in future chapters. I recommend this to people who like VNs; for people who don't like reading in general, it may not be the most gripping thing for you."
76561198073998100,Recommended,248800,8237883,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Churchgrimm,"Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaos is one of the most engaging games I've played in a long time, despite there being little ""gameplay"" in the conventional sense. The game is essentially a ""Choose Your Own Adventure"" graphic novel, and as such it is very reading intensive. The story is episodic, making this segment somewhat brief, but the story is fresh and the characters are convincing, making it more than worth the money."
76561197997092410,Recommended,248800,8238605,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Unholy Eve,"Quite a nice visual novel although not as long as I had hoped it to be, waiting for part 2 and wonder how my actions will effect the rest of the story."
76561198025712393,Recommended,248800,8610606,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,dietcoke,"Not at all a traditional game, but a very well thought out ""choose your adventure"" style game with excellent art and music, as well as an engaging storyline. Can't wait for the next installment"
,Recommended,248800,8779326,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Derduher,If you can get past the first hour of dialogue it is well worth it. As a whole I'd put this game's story telling on par with TellTales. Which is to say damn good! I am only disappointed to learn the company has put development on a sequel on hold from not enough sales.
,Recommended,248800,9784768,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,The Almighty Cat,"Engaging, interesting and amusing. If you like to read more than make decisions, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,248800,10645905,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Darkhunterjag,Great game. Eagerly awaiting the second installment.
,Recommended,248800,6564317,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,_deepfire,"A light-weight in terms of gameplay, nonetheless a definitely moving experience, that will make you question morality of your choices, that in uncertain situations and under situational pressure.Interactive fiction at its best."
76561198104120145,Recommended,248800,7516293,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,jd5team,"I really like it. Visual novels are a really interesting idea. You don't think about it, but afterwards you realize you just read about 200-300 pages of material. The storyline had me engaged the whole time and I can't wait for chapter 2."
,Recommended,248800,8548297,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,DEADLY ANOMALIES,"While there's only 1 chapter available right now, I can tell from the first chapter that these guys can make a stunning VN, both in terms of production quality and story quality. Unfortunately, they're pretty strapped for cash right now, and production has halted. Fingers crossed that they can pull together enough money to continue production. Wink, wink, nudge, nudge, buy it please."
,Recommended,248800,8564412,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Sylethian,"Dysfunctional Systems seemed like a really great investment. A fun game with an interesting premise.The game has strong story, fantastic music and easy mechanics to master.Ultimately what I found is there's very little room to actually ""game"" inside the game. You're told a story (an episode?) and you get to implement a decision or two, but I found the game on the whole a bit underwhelming.Decently entertaining at $5. I'd pay a buck or so more just for the soundtrack to be honest. But while the story, art and music were great, the gameplay was lacking.Keep that in mind as you continue to explore. Overall, I'd still recommend it."
,Recommended,248800,8612764,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,『Narco』,"A really interesting story I got into almost immediately. Some good humor in the beginning before getting pretty serious. If you've got a couple of hours to spend reading, you should definitely pick this up."
,Recommended,248800,8613375,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Mr. Goat,"Good, maybe al little too short."
,Recommended,248800,8618962,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Tatari◑。,"Short but ultimately somewhat satisfying in its own right. The art is gorgeous, the soundtrack is excellent, and most of all, the writing, captivating and not at all predictable, makes me want to find out more about the backstory and how the protagonist's story unfolds.As soon as I finished, I checked the dischan blog for news on episode 2. :( Here's to hoping development continues in the near future!"
76561198009279033,Recommended,248800,8628461,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,1337 Kiwi,"I took a big chance by buying this game admitebly I didn't pay much for it as it was on special but I knew nothing about visual novels before playing Dysfunctional Systems.  My gamble paid off this was a great experience, I really got into the story and I really enjoyed the visual style and the soundtrack was great as well.  I can't wait to play more of Dysfunctional Systems as it is released and in the meantime I intend to read Junipors Knot by the same developers.  I hope the visual novel genre really takes off and we see more visual novels on steam."
,Recommended,248800,8639003,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Mika,My first time playing through a visual novel so it was a bit hard to get into at first however once you get used to reading pages upon pages of text you will soon get used it. The story is entertaining and the art is just as good. It has a set of brilliant sound tracks which it plays at certain parts of the story to set the mood and the interface looks brilliant and does the job well.However there are one or two problems I have with the game. The art is amazing but unfortunately images are re-used over and over again and it only runs at a maximum resolution of 720p. The story is also rather short but considering this is an episodic series I can forgive that. The main problem I have with this is the lack of decisions there are to make and I fell it would have greatly benefited from more user interaction as most of it is just clicking to get to the next sentence.I did enjoy my play through of this title and will more than likely get episode 2 once it has been released.
,Recommended,248800,8674533,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Wonko the Sane,"I quite enjoyed this game, the concept is very interesting. And while I considered some of the romantic under tones found at different points not to be my cup of tea. That didn't lessen my enjoyment of the rich and unique world which Dischan Media has crafted here. I would certainly recommend this title to anyone who enjoys VNs or to anyone who finds the idea of mediating conflicts through out the multiverse interesting."
,Recommended,248800,8766588,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,abyme,"I'm not a big fan of anime visualiztion style, but I admit: the game is great. Its soundtrack is pretty involving, drawing is enjoyable, and all the dilemmas you stumble upon - they are fateful in one way or another, even though you don't really have any choice on avoiding the fate's plans.Waiting for the next episode to come"
76561198062019283,Recommended,248800,8834004,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,StarFox,"Beautiful in visuals, music, and story.  It's breathtaking and tugs at your heart strings.  But before you jump into this, I highly suggest you go to Dischan's web page and try out Juniper's Knot.  It's equally as wonderful, only it's shorter and free.  It will help you find out if this type of game is really for you.  However, unlike Juniper's Knot, in this game you actually interact and pick your own path.  Not large scale decisions, but enough to get you more absorbed.  I imagine that there might be more to the interacting once the remaining installments are added.The only thing that could possibly make this any more enjoyable, would for there to be Steam trading cards.  Because I'd love to have more art from this game within my possession.  Other than that, I love everything about this game and so far, everything from Dischan Media."
,Recommended,248800,8863377,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Skotaku,"Interesting story that I am anxious to see how it unfolds. Replay value: It's a VN, course there is replay value to see all the endings!Edit: Not very much content= not what I thought I had played. Thus it's fine, more of a story to see how it continues. Despite the massive change in art style it seems promising... maybe."
76561198116124482,Recommended,248800,9132836,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Ballsy,"One of the best games I have on steam, a great interactive story that acts like a choose your own path. Can't wait for episodes to come out in the future."
,Recommended,248800,9307977,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Mike,"It's just one episode in a planned trilogy of visual novels, and all player agency is crammed into a short series of dialogue choices in just one crucial conversation. Nevertheless, the writing and art show amazing promise, with charming characters who make tough choices on morally challenging ground. Wonderfully atmospheric sound design makes you feel the mood of every scene.Buy this game so we can see a more polished sequel set in this compelling sci-fi universe."
,Recommended,248800,10153712,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Justicescooby,"I had some pretty mixed feelings on this game, and I definitely look forward to where the developers bring the story. I reccomend you try it.You can read my full official review here:http://nerdbacon.com/dysfunctional-systems-learning-manage-chaos-pc/"
,Recommended,248800,10207539,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Grimstar//☆,Amazing Visual novel with a surprisingly large amount of content. Definitely worth the buy!
,Recommended,248800,10260182,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,m1k3y60659,"This isn't a game. This is a visual novel, a very good visual novel. The story and drawings are fine, nothing super exciting if you ask me. I got if for like 50 cents on sale, which is a good investment. But the MENUS in this game is AMAZING. I love them and the UI is perfect. For such a small game there are so many options and extras and I love the menus and WHATEVER THE GAME IS FINE JUST BUY IT FOR THE MENU SYSTEM."
,Recommended,248800,10534567,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Half-Asian Invasion,"While I was engaged in the first person prespective narrative and enjoying how the events unfolded. The gameplay itself, as a visual novel, didn't feel all too engaging.It felt more like the game was a narrative tool rather than a interactive environment, I feel it could do more if it gave players more choices and freedom, allowing more immersion.It felt more like a story and less like an interactive experience, even just adding options for 'how' characters interacts with small or trivial things would of added more activity and involvement for the player.I look forward to future episode regardless, as the art style was well composed. Just overall a well put together visual novel boasting in visuals, audio and narrative. Only lacks in some player involvement.I'm not too fond of reading books, but I enjoyed this. Wholeheartly."
,Recommended,248800,7411895,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,HereticLocke,"Awesome game, if you don't like to read this is not for you. There is a lot of text and not many options to make your own decisions, but they do exist. You should save your progress in a slot before making a decision after another. The music is good and the soundtrack is available with your purchase, which is a plus."
76561198020519666,Recommended,248800,7440528,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,CassowaryCrew.Pomf,"Engaging characters and setting, and emotionally charged. Highly anticipating the second installment."
,Recommended,248800,9434565,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,horse,"good musicas, good storyi recomend you buy this if and only if u like reading books or watching the anime girls get flustered."
,Not Recommended,248800,12014688,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,katohouston,Waste of time and money. Took about 5 minutes to breeze through and it was mostly exposition. Story was pretty lame.
,Recommended,248800,19405022,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,ArmandoRl1,"I think Dischan (the devs) has the potential to make of this a great series. The artwork, the soundtrack, and most of all, the story, it's all so different from what has been stablished on the VN industry, and it left me wanting to see more.However, it's a short novel (around 5 hours for 100% completion), but it doesn't mean it lacks content. The soundtrack has 18 songs, there are 30 ilustrations (14 used in-game, the others are extras), and even an animated opening!I finished the game some time ago, but I still love hearing the soundtrack again. The only letdown is that a sequel is unlikely now. But if you love interesting settings and visual novels with ACTUAL PLOT, you will like this."
,Recommended,248800,18850484,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Lif,"Worth for the OST, game itself is obscenely short."
76561198005761985,Recommended,248800,22367821,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Chippendaddy,"Alas, this Visual Novel with most likely never been finished, as the stuido shut down, but I will do my part in this review.Dysfunctional Systems is a visual novel that has you playing through the perspective of a young mediator in training. Mediators are people from a highly advanced civilization that use technology to go to other realitys and such, changing things as they see fit, and nudging the other civilizations in a way that would be benificial to the home-reality.The story was fun to play through, decisions felt impactful and the dialogue was very compelling. The soundtrack for this game is also stellar, never seemed out of place. I would recommend getting this on the inevitable steam sale to lesson the cost just a mite, but definately worth it if you need something short to chill and be immersed for a short while."
,Recommended,248800,22425007,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Shield,"I started the game, and after a while, nicely designed menu showed up. My mouse pointer was hovering above the ""New Game"" button, but I waited for the song, and hell was it amazing. With newly built up excitement, I pressed the button, and have been thrown straight into the story. I was curious what codex was so I opened it up, and ""no records found"" popped up on me. Nice touch, I thought, I closed it, and started with the story, I couldn't stop untill I got through it, it was written very well, and took me around two and half an hour to get through and the end showed something like ""profiles"", that will  enable next parts to access my choices from previous parts.All in all, this was the second most awesome Visual Novel I've ever played, the first being Katawa Shoujo. (Don't judge me guys!)"
,Recommended,248800,8700857,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Khay,"Excellent game, interesting story, beautiful soundtrack and art. Kinda short, but it's only Chapter 1! Hope to see more soon."
,Recommended,248800,9578255,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Shredder 2,"It's fairly short, but full of quality. If you're into visual novels, then this is worth the small price. You even get a great soundtrack out of it."
,Recommended,248800,12367563,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,freidrichi,"Nice story, great art, but very short."
89324759832478932,Not Recommended,248800,17053624,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,2B,"Developer has abandoned the project, stay away"
,Not Recommended,248800,17063477,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,robbiedonovan,"This is part of what was intended to be a visual novel comrpised of, in addition to this 'chapter', two additional chapters and a smaller spin-off. After a lack of news regarding the two installments, Dischan launched a Kickstarter which raised approximately $60,000. They later announced that they would be halting the production of the future installments. They cited numerous reasons why the Dysfunctional Systems story will not be completed, most annoyingly for fans and those who had supported the Kickstarter was what the developer referred to as a 'lack of motivation'.Do not purchase this game if you are expecting to read (watch?) a story that has an ending, let alone a decent plot, as the majority of the lore seems to have been intended for the second and third installments, which will probably never be produced."
76561198043867560,Recommended,248800,13231828,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,arthour05,"[EDIT; 19 March 2015] I've recently discovered the the company Dischan, that made the game, has effectively ceased to work on this game. I still recommend it, however. It's a great little thing to have, and the music is very nice.I enjoyed this quite a bit, and was dissapointed to find it was rather short. Might have been the way I played it, though, I understand there are some more options than the ones I found.It felt quite fun to play, very immersive. If you're more of a book reader than an action packed gamer, this is a good option, I assure you.If you're wondering about the second episode, I did some research and found thispage;https://dischan.co/blog/2014/11/dysfunctional-systems-update-the-prequel-approaches/Looks like the next episode will come out next year in Feb. I hope it helps others when they look at the game and wonder if it's still being developed"
76561198056875702,Recommended,248800,13233880,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Sable,"The first episode was a bit short, but I still enjoyed it very much. You may disagree, but I found $4.99 to be a fair price. The music is beautiful, the story is engaging, the characters are interesting, the art is great. I can't wait for the next part."
76561198005673364,Recommended,248800,13279351,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Sea Devil,Wonderful writing. Good character design. Lovely art style. Well worth the price.
76561198094249141,Recommended,248800,14032090,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,firrigagamer,"Apparently in some alternate universe, they allow underaged people to drink alcohol....and here i thought i already seen it all..."
76561198111233829,Recommended,248800,17727228,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Viking hamster,.
,Recommended,248800,9613066,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,DRUNK_CANADIAN,"Dysfunctional Systems:Learning to Manage Chaos, is not a game, but rather a visual novel. If you judge it under the umbrella of games it doesn't fair well but under the latter it is a very high quality piece of work. It is an enjoyable read from start to finish, this is the first episode in the series and introduces the characters and the concept of the world. I will say that it does start slowly for the first 10 minutes of dialogue and environmental setup, but as it progresses you will get entralled in the world they have created. It discusses some difficult issues of morality and without going into spoilers has school/adventure elements. It has   a relatively good soundtrack, clean interface and offers a few dialogue options (although very minor and few and far between). On the downside it has no voiceacting (but decent sound effects, just shocking no VA given how polished everything else is), and it is quite short, capable of completing within about 1.5-2h. Lastly its second episode is on hault for whatever reason and although at the time of writing this it is underway, the story leaves you desperately wanting to know more. Do I recommend this, yes, however if cost is a major factor I'd likely wait until it goes on sale to see if it is something for you, plus as it is presently an unfinished series you will be left waiting for more."
,Recommended,248800,15496075,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Kaori Nishidake,Better than the Lexus LFA by far.
76561198096452500,Not Recommended,248800,11126748,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,76561193801485204,"The brilliant trailer and soundtrack are worth more than the rest of the game, which is complete くそゲー and worthless even as fanfiction.The concept is fascinating, and brutalized by a substandard script. The storyline is paced badly, and there is never a proper sense of characterization developed through the text. Ellipses are overused for dramatic pause. Winter's narrative monologues are tediously long, and the profanity is gratuitious while failing to generate dramatic tension.After the decision point leading to a drastic scene shift and the introduction of additional characters, the creative team behind this game decides to lose their minds. Characters such as Henry Pen are text only. A massive wall of text is a placeholder for character interaction. The shallow script essentially craters, lost in marooned plot devices like hints of a lesbian romance which inexplicably awards an achievement.There is minimal backstory to speak of. The Codex, an interesting plot device, is grossly underutilized. The origins of Winter's homeworld and how they developed Mediators are neglected. Some brilliant, evocative art direction could have filled in, but what we get are anime watercolors and bad writing that demands mashing the space bar to banish from screen.Visual Novels require superlative scriptwriting and engrossing characterization. This game provides neither, unless the tastes of the reader are just as shallow as the gameplay and satisfaction comes easy. Future episodes in this series are not worth consideration, the dismal writing and the plot structure would require vast improvement beyond the hack writing in place.However, the soundtrack is lovely as background music, which is why I have so many hours logged.ざけんな、バカにするのも程々にしろっ。This is not representative of what VNs are capable of being, and under the lovely facade it is shallow with no substance. Do not buy, do not play."
,Recommended,248800,8887606,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,shirigaruonna!,Possibly the first ever visual novel to ever mention the concept of projectile vomiting and explosively pooping at the same timealso the music is really good and the art is pretty10/10
76561198073445985,Not Recommended,248800,11586105,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,FranklynStreet,"A visual novel depends on one thing to be good-- the writing.  Unfortunately, this VN is terribly written.  The dialogue is trite, the characters poorly drawn, the storyline half-baked and ultimately purposeles and pointless.  There's nothing interesting and captivating about any of it.  Its a bore from start to finish."
,Not Recommended,248800,16386485,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Sakimichi,Abandoned projectDo not buy.The original artist left.They created a kickstarter for Episodes 2 and 0.It was a success.But they wasted all the funds and never finished the game.
,Not Recommended,248800,9996549,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Rose the Nose,"Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaos, is a visual novel game that allows you to control the story based on decisions you make... or so that is what I hear. I like to think of myself as a very patient person but I have played this game for over an hour and have not had the option to make one decision.I believe if you enjoy this style of game you will possibly like this one, it has beautiful art and quite an unusual story line. But I think this game will just be one that will hang out in my library never to be played."
,Recommended,248800,12978771,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,gavweb123,Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaos for a visual novel its not that bad and quite iteresting and i liked the poltics in it its just a shame they never made a sequal still SPOILER ALERT most of the interactivity becomes available in the second half but the story is worth reading because i found it to be quite interesting and intense in a conspiracy kind of way it is for these reasons i feel that Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaos i should give a personal rating of 9/10
,Not Recommended,248800,14550744,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Oscaruzzo,"This is NOT an ""interactive"" novel. I clicked through BORING dialogues for one hour and nowhere I had to make a single choice. Click, click, click, click, click, click. Yawn. Quit."
76561198037569234,Recommended,248800,10895398,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,NoTM,"If you enjoy visual novels, and saving or destroying worlds... Pick it up, amazing story, art, music. I can't wait for the rest of it!I must edit this and tell those who do plan on picking this up that we will never see a sequel to this. The series was cancelled due to problems stated by the creator."
76561198038173128,Recommended,248800,11008201,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Chaos Laicosin,Listened to the soudtrack on youtube. Bought it for the soundtrack.Soundtrack is worth the $5.
,Recommended,248800,10990491,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Varezenem,It's a great game but really short. lets hope they make the next chapter soon.
,Recommended,248800,9912732,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Kuroneko,Well this game is way too short. Not worth five euros. Wait for more episodes
,Recommended,248800,9966131,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,NightrunLP,"A visual novel with excellent writing, intriguing story, good soundtrack and nice artwork."
76561198031754927,Recommended,248800,10390853,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Finlandball,MOAR!!!!!!!
,Recommended,248800,7838364,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Legendary Bibo,"I have never had an interest in VNs like ever, but I picked this up in a drunken stupor and ended up enjoying the story. I can't wait for the next episode in the game. Also, as a Linux gamer, the devs did a stupendous job."
,Recommended,248800,7946595,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,BONES,"All Dischan's visual novels are simply amazing. 5 Star, definetly worth the buy. Warning: You will experience feels."
,Recommended,248800,9958048,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,cigarettes,"Dysfunctional Systems is a prime example of an Interactive Visual Novel done well. A sleek UI, a unique and well drawn art style, well written dialogue and narration, easy to read text, and an intriguing story. ""Learning To Manage Chaos"" is apparently the first in a series that will be under the Dysfunctional Systems name, and with the groundwork that this first entry has layed down I can say that I'm pretty excited for the upcoming episodes. Be weary that it's kind of short though. Being that I'm somewhat of a slow reader, this took me around 2 - 3 hours to complete. So, your mileage may vary. One way or another, I recommend it for sure, and keep your eye out for more Dysfunctional Systems."
,Recommended,248800,8767006,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Tadaka,http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=217151547I found this to be a good game in my opinion had a good story just needed more user input at some parts. I found it to be quite nice with the added music.
,Recommended,248800,9048152,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Sassy,"An absolutely amazing visual novel, though the reader influence is minimal it's still important, and your decisions can have consequences. The art and music are simply beautiful, and the storyline and characters are engaging. It's a good start to what will (hopefully) continue as an amazing visual novel series (due to financial issues, episode 2 is unfortunately on hold). Dischan media continues to put out quality content, if you've never heard of them give ""Junipers knot""(completely free on itunes) a try to get a sense of what you can expect from them art and music-wise. The writing in both visual novels is stunning, and Dysfunctional systems has become one of my favourite visual novels.It is most definitely worth the 5 dollars, and I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys visual novels."
,Recommended,248800,9239308,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,A Fancy Fridge Magnet,"Standard style visual novel with lovely art and music. Your character is a mediator in training (shadowing a mentor). Mediators travel to ""chaotic worlds"" and attempt to fix problems. I really like the premise, but the game only focuses on one world's situation, and is fairly short at about 3 hours. The backdrops and character animations/expressions are fairly basic and there isn't a lot of variety, but the game is still pleasing to look at.The first third of the game is fairly long and sets up the story and characters. There are no choices to be made during this time, so you really just watch it play out. The second third of the game is where all of the dialogue branches are made, but they really only unlock variations of dialogue. The last choice you make during that section determines which ending you get. The last third of the game is much like the first, just seeing it play out.Aside from the lack of impactful choices, my only other gripe is that much of the dialogue is simply bickering back and forth. Some of the choices seem slightly out of character, but they offer the sense of you being able to change someone else's mind via dialogue in order to open up a different viewpoint.Overall, I enjoyed this game but would have liked it to be much longer, with more characters and more impactful choices. This is supposed to only be ""Episode 1"" and is priced appropriately for its length; however, the developers are unable to make a sequel unless they find funding via their Kickstarter (Found herehttps://www.kickstarter.com/projects/dischan/dysfunctional-systems)I'd love to see a sequel that expands upon what they've created here, as it has a lot of potential to fully explore the plot and characters in much more detail."
,Recommended,248800,9868307,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Faun the Crummy Crumb,This VN is god damn fantastic thus far. I love everything about it.
,Recommended,248800,8734314,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,iLLness LiLin,good music i dont know about the game though
,Not Recommended,248800,21681935,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,birdsaround,"Technically it's just a book with a few illustrations. You just click to pass to next phrase (really lot of clicks to read a short story). Also there's only one episode, so the story is pretty short and unfinished. While playing I met a choice buttons only once, although there's info on the internet that should i choose another option there would be several more choices later."
,Recommended,248800,27205742,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,IV MSG,"SPOILER-FREE REVIEWMy specs: Windows 10 with 8GB RAM and an AMD Radeon RX 480 graphics card.There is a lot to be said about the final chapter of this trilogy, and while not all of it is good, I still definitely recommend the game. Let's get the BAD out of the way so that we can focus on the GOOD.First, every time I entered the game I was warned that I only had 4GB of RAM, and that the game recommended six... *looks at my specs mentioned above, then back at warning* :\ Yep, I'm pretty sure that EIGHT gigs is not the same as FOUR, but I digress... This did not seem to affect my gameplay.GLITCHES: I only saw two actual game glitches. One was where a character mysteriously appeared OUTSIDE of the compound where I'd been fighting his crew, and the other was that the bat signal indicated a quest item being over the WRONG building. Not bad, as far as glitches go!TECHNICAL DIFFICULTIES: They are many, and could be game-breaking if you are not comfortable with adjusting some files. I had no troubles in the beginning, but then the problems started: Lagging, crashing, and even completely shutting down my computer with zero warning. *cries* Lagging I can deal with. Crashing I can deal with. Shutting off my computer over and over again? WHYYYYY??? It started happening so often that despite how much I was enjoying the game, I was beginning to think that I'd have to stop playing...... and then I found the Master Fixes for BATMAN ARKHAM KNIGHT thread here at Steam, and my hope was rekindled. It turns out a couple of files corrupt over time, and all I had to do was delete one file and one folder, then verify the integrity of the game cache (very easy on both points), and voilà -- WORKING GAME! *cue angels singing*GRAPHICS: If you don't have a new enough graphics card, the game won't even start for you. The plus side of the high-spec card is that the graphics are amazing. From the smallest dust particle to the sweeping bridges and skyscrapers, Gotham City truly feels alive. Every crack in the sidewalk, every fierce tattoo, each choppy wave, an craggy wrinkle tells a story that makes you want to know MORE. The people may not be as attractive as in previous installments, but they are more realistic, and they truly have character. The devs have introduced a photo mode, where you can pause the game and do a nearly 360-degree rotation to get just the perfect shot... Just use the Steam shortcut you set up (F12 default) to take screens, and it removes the ugly interface when you take the shot.THE GADGETS: We do have a couple of new gadgets to play this time around: A voice synthesizer which allows us an extra layer of tactics by giving orders to assailants, plus the Batmobile, which I'll come back to in a bit. The gadgets are by and large underutilized and not really explained, bringing back my recommendation to play the games in the order in which they were released: Asylum, City, Origin, Knight. Not only will these previous installments give you a feel for the story, combat, gameplay, and general useful knowledge, but you'll get to play some GREAT games!THE INTERFACE: Most of the controls are the same as what we're accustomed to, though they had to do some tweaking in order to include...THE BATMOBILE! What a great addition to the series! Not only can you zoom around Gotham City like a boss, you can destroy half the city as you go~! I had great fun running down criminals (literally... Muwahaha), blowing up cars, knocking down trees, fences, support pillars... you get the idea. *evil grin* In addition to a new form of transportation, we have a great many quests, riddles, and fights to win using the Batmobile, which is not only a car, but a BATTLEmoblie! At the touch of a button we can transform it to a highly-maneuverable tank in order to kick all ♥♥♥... We can even do Batmobile-assisted takedowns with Wayne's patented non-lethal rounds. ""It's like being punched in the chest by an angry gorilla!""Many of the Batmobile quests are optional, but you will need to develop some proficiency in driving it, as eventually you'll have to use it to progress in the story.COMBAT: As usual for the series, combat starts off deceptively easy, then amps up in difficulty as you progress. We have the new Fear Multi-takedown ability, which enables you to take out up to six enemies within seconds... provided that you can come upon the group by surprise. There are also points in the story where you can play two characters at once, and during this time you can do multi-character takedowns. Those are great fun, let me tell you! ;DWe have some new attacks that we can do whilst gliding, plus the items mentioned above, but nothing really game-changing about the combat. We've got our guys with riot shields, cattle prods, brutes, guns... and a few little extra things that I'll let you discover for yourselves.THE STORY: When the game started, I felt that the side missions were much more engrossing than the main storyline. I went through the game knowing not only exactly who our mystery assailant was, but why we were being attacked... Absolutely positive right up to the moment of the unmasking, and then... Everything changed. That which had been mildly interesting was suddenly fascinating. My mental shift was profound, as far as such things go, and it pulled me into the story in ways I had never considered. Although one aspect of the story I had totally nailed, there were several real surprises throughout, something which I really cherish. A good story is something that I truly appreciate, but you have a good story with great gameplay, and I'm in heaven!THE ENDING/THE RIDDLES (Still no spoilers!): You must secure a certain number of criminals in order to view the final sequence of the game. You do not have to 100% the game to see the ending, BUT, to get the FULL ending, you have to defeat The Riddler, and THAT means solving, saving, maneuvering, finding, and destroying a total of 243 riddles, people, courses, trophies, and destructible items.The riddles are the one thing I won't be doing 100% on this time around, though I did get 100% on the rest of the content.If, like me, you don't plan to solve every single riddle in order to secure the post-Riddler portion of the ending, then NEVER FEAR, YOUTUBE IS HERE! Although some may feel that it's not really important to see that extra tidbit of story, one little sentence during this scene completely changed how I felt about the ending of the game. I'm not gonna add a link, since that's just too tempting to click, and I want this to be spoiler-free.THE BOTTOM LINE: Batman: Arkham Knight is flawed. The devs have no plans to fix that which is broken, but you CAN fix the problems yourself! If you're a fan of the series and can problem-solve enough to follow the instructions in the Master Fixes for BATMAN ARKHAM KNIGHT thread, then it is ABSOLUTELY worth your trouble. I enjoyed this title immensely, despite the frustrations with the technical difficulties. I would even start the game over again right this minute if it weren't for the fact that I have so many other games that I want to play.IN CLOSING: I loved this game, and if it weren't for the technical problems that I encountered, it would be my favorite of the series. As it stands, I rank them as follows: Arkham City, Arkham Knight, Arkham Asylum, and then Arkham Origins. Definitely a MUST-play!I am Batman... I am the Night!"
,Recommended,248800,7389322,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,[|||] Magnum Force,"Wow, amazing! You know Ren'Py...You know Katawa Shoujo, you know Analogue...? Well, this is just the same and very, very good. Beautiful graphics and top nodge story telling. I for sure, can't wait for the next episode of Dysfunctional Systems.For those who are new to Visual Novels.. Look at it as a mix between a comic and a book with the occasional option to select a certain development regarding the story.Visual Novels aren't about action and fast reaction, they're about emotion, fantasy and the power of words. They take time to enjoy and sometimes they take time to understand. Visual Novels aren't enjoyed by all people, but those who like to read will enjoy them.Although the protagonist's often a youngster, many visual novels, if not most, are meant for a mature audience. This can be noticed by certain social challenges many of them present of the political discusions regarding certain actions."
76561198183824058,Not Recommended,248800,14818731,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,WillieRobs,"This is hardly a game... You make one choice. There is only one point where you interact and you're given 2 options. Everything else is just dialogue, and none of it is spoken, only written. The story is somewhat interesting though grossly incomplete. VERY BAD. Waste of money."
,Recommended,248800,11046624,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Edryad,Fun and short little VN that hits a bit heavier than you think it will. $5 possibly a bit too much but I'm excited for the new episodes so it was definitely worth the money. Excellent Sci-fi plot but hard to like characters at the start. They may grow on you like with me or they may not. The writers are definitely more than competent the character's reactions to certain events give them much more substance
76561198023784423,Not Recommended,248800,9239993,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,bhdeus777,"I like visual novel games, but I don't know if I'll finish this one.  The music so far is great.  The art is alright.  So far the story is moving a bit slowly.  Mainly the reason I have stopped playing it to write this review is that after an hour of playtime, I haven't been able to make asingle choice.  Not even a minor dialog choice.  Just endless clicking, and reading.  I know it is described as a visual novel, but it's also supposed to be a game.  Being a game should imply some level of interactivity.  And if there is going to be so little interactivity, the story should at least move along a little quicker!  If you like visual novels, I wouldn't recommend this one, even for $5.  Go find something else, or read a graphic novel or a regular novel."
76561198042287075,Not Recommended,248800,9243869,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,mishe,Go read a book
,Not Recommended,248800,8615934,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,MacroPower,"Dysfunctional Systems is basically a picture book that you rarely interact with. In certain ways, it is similar to 39 Steps. Unlike The 39 Steps, the writing in Dysfunctional Systems is terrible. People drone on and on about pointless issues, and when you have to 'click' every time you want to see the next part, (some of which are single words, like ""um"" and ""er"") it makes it an annoying and unpleasant experience. Unlike The 39 Steps, there is NO voice acting, and the art isn't nearly as good. It doesn't even support 1080p.If you like the premise of the gameplay in Dysfunctional Systems, buy The 39 Steps instead."
,Not Recommended,248800,9415506,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Wild Max,It's great if you enjoy playing a powerpoint.
,Not Recommended,248800,10514566,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Nautical Avenger,"I regret buying this game. It plays like a crappy dating sim where all you do it click ""next"". The story feels like a complete mary sue adventure. Like if I had to choose between playing this again or reading Twilight again, I would crack open my dusty volume of Twilight and let Edward whisper sweet (creepy) nothings in my ear."
,Not Recommended,248800,21928574,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Hemmels,"Mostly clicking while reading a story. When a choice comes, you are led down a path with no way to change path or get out. Horrible ""game"", waste of time, despite the positives the story might have."
,Recommended,248800,8945950,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Lungkisser,2 hours 36 minutes to play through two endings and get 100% of the achievements. The music was stellar (which I wasn't expecting) and the art was great. It does end up feeling a bit... muddled in the second half of either major arc but overall I'd say it at least sells me to play the second entry in the series.6/10. Recommend you pick up during a sale.
76561198028311349,Not Recommended,248800,21335956,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Tombi,"This is hardly a game. You'll basically spend all your time clicking 'next' as endless dialogue scrolls across the screen. User interaction is hardly present in any form, and where it is, doesn;t seem to matter much.This may be enjoyable if you like emotional pulp manga with that constant power struggle between the young upstart and the aloof master, but seriously, I wouldn't call this a game."
76561198079646721,Not Recommended,248800,9402266,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Nesmuelm,"Beautiful game with great music, unfortunately, very slow with little interaction (other than clicking to advance the dialogue). As far as Visual Novel style games go Long Live the Queen and Fading Hearts are much better options for your money.96 minutes into the game and i have just now made my first decision. Enough said"
76561198021757575,Not Recommended,248800,9245736,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Incipit Satan,This Sucks!!
,Not Recommended,248800,10074655,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,AUSTINTACIOUS,This is a point and click novel that has a rubbish storyline. Easy to get achievements though but you will be bored out of your brain doing it
,Not Recommended,248800,13129923,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Rastrelli,"Well, I knew it was short, but..... _that_ short....I made 1 (one) choise during game. Not kidding."
76561198061580267,Not Recommended,248800,12579351,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Almighty VenVen,"The Art is great, the dialogue is interesting, and the sound is outstanding. However, this may not be a game for you if you don't like reading, and there is A LOT of reading. I was hoping for more opportunities and situations to make decisions. It wasn't until I was over an hour into the game that I got the chance to decide what to say. Even then, it felt like my decisions had no impact on the story whatsoever."
76561198025163812,Not Recommended,248800,8013315,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,slick-elbows moi,"This is a bad, bad piece of fanfiction.The whole mess starts with the arrival of a whiny 14-year old from an Orwellian world on a cross-universe job shadow. Her name is Winter, but I call her Little♥♥♥♥♥♥ What an idiot she is, and an inconsistent, infuriating character. She's supposedly an avid reader but couldn't be bothered to read about the world she'd be observing, and her disinterest is not from depression or apathy or culture shock. And she cannot analyze the world around her when she’s there. The capitol is a derelict wreck, but she can't even look around her and say, ""Gee. This is a dump. How ♥♥♥♥ed is the government, economy, or deaths-to-births ratio?"" She doesn’t even understand how serious a declaration of nuclear is in a world that until then had none! All she does is scream about how she isn’t prepared for observing or participating in a warring world, that murder for the greater good is wrong.Winter, you Little♥♥♥♥♥♥ Your inability to even discuss the situation and the history concerning it makes you unfit for this assignment. Or any assignment. Go back to kiddie school and see a counselor.At one point I invoked Nostalgia Critic and started arguing with the game, begging often to ""let me guide the naive fool,"" and ""please, I read the files one these nations. Let me control their destiny."" Instead I chose to have her follow her let’s-assassinate-the-president-to-minimize-damage mentor. And whine, and be petty, and sulk, and try to sabotage the assassination. And nearly admits in a crowed of stunned nationals that they were the murderers. I... I just kept saying ""No."" Then I started yelling it.Supposedly ""Part 2"" will require more than one impotent decision from me, but based on my button-mashing experience of the first part I might just quit. Most of the dialogue is just filler that doesn’t inform me of diddly-squat. The emotions I experienced from the game were anger, frustration, indignation and most of all, BOREDOM. I was intellectually insulted by this “story”. Winter is a child whom I cannot empathize with. I am an adult. I want more stimulation than reading a tantrum and the indecisiveness of a writer whose work I wouldn’t even comment on if I found it onFanfiction.netor Archive of Our Own or Tumblr. It’s a poorly-written trainwreck, and currently I’m hoping that Little♥♥♥♥♥♥dies of trauma from radiation exposure and the guilt from the death of that world."
76561198037792644,Not Recommended,248800,8339919,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Arclinon,"Well, it certainly is named correctly as in dysfunctional. It is only the chapter one which lasts about 2 hours at best and most of my played time was spent figuring out if i just triggered a glitch which sent mke back to main menu not to mention there are only 2 choices which mind you are very well presented and had me hooked. The premise is nice but incredibly short for the price, buy it when other chapters are released but as it stands now, very promising but incomplete"
,Not Recommended,248800,10188115,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Sebakan,"If you like to read, read a book. If you like to play videogames, don't buy this thing. Don't need to turn on your PC to read a lot of text with no interaction..."
,Recommended,248800,9648596,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Dead_Sakuya.Flower,"this is a really awesome game, I'm really happy that the ickstarter for the rest of the series was funded. give this game a go, it has amazinf music and story line."
76561197962787102,Recommended,248800,9672587,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,KopeAcetic,"This is such a fantastic game to experience.  The experience is similar to reading a book, but with more interaction, and with the future installments decisions you make will matter."
,Recommended,248800,9835329,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Amidatelion,"Not for everyone. The game is entirely story-driven and there's not much of it. However, for a prologue, holy HELL does this hit hard."
76561198124293061,Recommended,248800,11244152,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Jickwala,"While i can understand the complant of this VN being too short, at a megar 2 hours if you take your time, for me it was still a enjoyable story and read. The enviroment is intresting, the acions thought provoking, and I genuinely want to find out the aftermath of what comes next. So to me that's enough to warant a positive review."
76561198043788716,Recommended,248800,11393652,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Stanzmeow,"Very good for an introductory episode, can't wait for episodes 2 and 3."
,Recommended,248800,11525856,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Crawfish Cranford,"This is a fantastic VN. It's truly engaging and the characters are fantastic. If you liked this developer's free iOS VN, Jupiter's Knot, you'll love this. His truly gorgeous art and impeccable writing style are back, just this time on a much grander scale. He pulls off the transition really well ever and paints a very unique but believable universe. Sure it's not the longest thing in the world, but more episodes are coming and this is a five dollar game. Not like Stein's Gate which is 40 dollars. I truly felt like my choices changed the world and that how informed I kept myself was what made the difference. It felt real. It's amazing. Buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,248800,12132864,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,KS = Kill Secured,"Loved this game, just waiting for the next chapter."
,Recommended,248800,12120368,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,LYNN,Ive played it for about an hour and i can tell you the story is very enthralling. i recomend this to anyone who enjoys a good story.
,Recommended,248800,9629550,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Tærror,"It's a decent Visual Novel, it's short, but it was worth the 2,50 i paid for it. I would recommend you to buy this if you like visual novels like Stein;s Gate."
76561198161898381,Recommended,248800,17088510,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,markkalynchuk,"You know what, for a slightly ineractive story, quite fun. For a game that claims to be about a future society solving everyone elses problem, however, you'd think they'd know the difference between nuclear FUSION and FISSION.I'm still reccommending it, but god damn learn your basic sciences before purporting them in public."
,Recommended,248800,17095412,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,ODB-418 'Foehammer',"The story was dark and intersting, the choices made you think. The art was beautiful and not your normal animation or japan art. It pains me to know that there will never be a sequel to this story and it will always remain unfinished.*Spolier*when winter leaves the room at the end of the story, i could feel her leave my life. It was a sad ending to the sad ending of a company."
76561198080781507,Recommended,248800,17100200,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Mr. Blonde,"A short game and with little interaction to be done, even less than most visual novels I have played. It has an interesting concept, nice character relationships, whichever way you choose to go. It has a nice soundtrack and pretty good artwork. A shame they won’t release the other episodes, though one can hope that in the future this changes. Still worth playing on its own if you find it at a decent discount."
,Recommended,248800,16585035,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,vianmeor,"I honestly wasn’t expecting much out of a Visual Novel from Steam; it’s just that, more often than not, the things put up for distribution are busts. I mean, I’ve got some experiences – both good and bad – with them and it’s just that they don’t really have a good batting average.That said, I’m really glad I picked this one up off the 2015 Summer Sale (my only purchase, interestingly enough). At 50% off, it was still a bit high (a bad habit of mine regarding buying games, given how high Steam slashes the prices sometimes) but the reviews were really good and I was just… drawn in by the imagery. I really loved the opening sequence and watched it more than a few times just to really let it sink in, despite it not having any sort of direct dramatic impact. I don’t know, I guess the presentation was good, and I just got this vibe out of it that got me hooked; I really felt for the girl, and what she went through, and that’s still on me up to now.It didn’t take me long to ace the game’s achievements, given how they’re basically for clearing the different endings and options during the main decision branch of the episode. It took a few tries to get them right, but it wasn’t like I was making guesses and brute forcing it; I think it did a good job because I already had a clue on what to say to elicit a certain response, as if I was making the argument myself and letting what’s natural flow.I’m going to be straight up: There’s nothing special here. Rather, not in the writing, not in the animation, not in the music, not in the art – all of which were pretty good, though, to be fair to the ones behind it all. What I really took from this was the vibe, and I don’t know any better way to say or explain it. I stand by my statement of it not having anything particularly special, but also concede the fact that they really did everything well.I agreed, I felt, it evoked some thoughts, and I’m overall inspired to do better. I’m not kidding, mind you. It just had this vibe to it that made you go through it, hooked, and tell its story well enough to convince you to re-evaluate some things – rather, that’s what it got me to do. I briefly considered being a diplomat, or a mediator as they’re called there, because of how honest and something (I really can’t find a word for the feeling!) it came across.I’d actually give it 10/10, as short as it is. Or, actually, maybe 9/10 because of how short it is. It’s disappointing, really, that it’s just one decision branch and kinda just a prologue; I hate it when visual novels do that, but I’m just really impressed with this that I feel satisfied with what I just went through. I do want a sequel, though.P.S. Where can I buy that soundtrack? Really good soundtrack.EDIT: You get it when you buy the game!"
,Not Recommended,248800,16771363,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,yzingerman,"A visual novel par excellance - boring as hell.Played for 4 hours just by clicking ""Space"" in order to move from one line to another.Nothing really happens, the dialogue is boring and very slow.It's not a game at all,  it's worse than the most boring comic book you can imagine.Well, you already see that the keyword in my review is ""boring"". The worst a game can be."
,Not Recommended,248800,17347047,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Pedropars,"The developers of this VN have shut-down so this is never getting it´s sequel,do not buy."
,Recommended,248800,7374845,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Dark Pacifist,"A kinda cool game that makes you think. Wish there was more of it...I used to recommend this game highly, hell even encouraged to have a 3rd party make the promised sequels... due to it's unwavering death it cant really be called worthwhile.it's able to squeak out 7 hours after multiple replays, the story is good enough to call replayable but unfortuantly never lifts off the ground despite much promise.it's like watching the first episodes to an anime and it gets cancelled mid season before the story can get going."
76561198113223290,Not Recommended,248800,18284753,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Kit-Kat PaddyWhack™,"The novel is confusing and boring, and really not interactive at all. I couldn't stand to play much of it and understood very little. It just kind of drops you into the story with little or no explanation. Maybe it's part of a series and I'm missing some previous information, but the lack of interactability and bland characters didn't make me want to pursue anything. If you are looking for a novel that is actually interactive and well written, search up Tin Star on steam. Totally worth the 5 bucks while this wasn't worth the 99 cents I paid when it was on sale."
,Not Recommended,248800,18195843,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Charlie,"Please take my review with a grain of salt because this was the first visual novel I’ve ever played. As a genre, I don’t think it’s my cup of tea.The story might have been interesting, but the writing a little too rough to keep my attention. It read like a YA bestseller. So if you’re into those, by all means go for it. Just know that you are buying one third of a story with no resolution."
76561198031276874,Recommended,248800,17871770,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,GodQueso,"The story was good and it would have been nice to get a sequal to this game. The best part, however, was the soundtrack. It was worth every penny and then some."
,Recommended,248800,17233281,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Ah hell no its Elmo,"love it, mbut i need moar.more contentr would be needed to reccomend it at $5, if you get it on sale like i did at ~$2-$2.50 i would reccomend if you can stand wanting more."
76561197997297860,Not Recommended,248800,18001407,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,zearen.wover,"This game could had an interesting plotline, and it was fun to try to get different endings.  However, the romantic overtones between the protagonist, a child, and the mentor, an adult, were frankly disgusting.  The art you get upon completion solidifies this theme.  I'm embarrased to have bought this game."
76561198247700500,Recommended,248800,18142362,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Angels-do-Exist,Dysfunctional Systems is a very interesting game. The characters are interesting and the art style is really pretty. I really enjoyed playing this game and getting the achievements for it. There are two main endings which come about due to your choices and overall I found it satisfying and enjoyable. For the price it was worth it for the hours of entertainment.Unfortunately its quite a short game (and isn't being continued anymore from what I can see) but it doesn't really leave you on a cliffhanger. It ends nicely even if I would have liked more.
76561198082768434,Not Recommended,248800,17577347,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Tempheror,"The problem with episodic content is that they release them in chunks, episodes, or seasons. So I have two problems.1.""My Problem""- I don't like that form of business. If a game has episodic content, they should put it under early access until all of the content is released. Also *Note: I am NOT saying that games with this kind of content (I.E: ""Life is Strange"" and ""The Walking Dead"") are bad games. But even if a game like that is something I would be interested in, I would probably wait until all of it was released before I buy it.2.""The Reason""- With episodic content, there is so many things that could go wrong. Writers quit, Budget cuts, or the whole project could be changed halfway through. And while some games like Life is Strange represent the episodic games that can handle these problems, Dysfunctional Systems represents the ones who couldn't even make it past episode one.Now...I'm torn. I don't know if I should be mad at it or sympthize with it. I wanted so much more, but I was given a piece of a great story that will never be finished."
,Not Recommended,248800,17580544,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,C A L L △ N O W,it's good but the developers never learned to manage chaos (the chaos is represented by SIXTY EIGHT THOUSANDS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS) and absconded with the money while dropping the seriesa shame really
76561198052254704,Recommended,248800,16363887,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Ghlen Livid,"This is a great indie VN. Story is supreb, art is beautiful, music is enchanting. Only problem is, there will likely be no episode 2, since original development team fallen apart since. But while this episode leaves you craving for more, it's a  contained experience, so I recommend picking it up on a sale or something, it's completely worth it."
,Not Recommended,248800,20177321,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Avo,I realy liked the Game. But it just isn´t finished and will never be...So i would recommend a unfinished Product.
,Recommended,248800,7365876,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,HellWatcher,It's like reading a great manga
,Recommended,248800,19627769,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Taehanu,"Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaos was a promising beginning to what could have been a genuinely intriguing science fiction story. Points I especially liked were:- Interesting premise- Well-written female characters, complete with complex emotions and relateable motivations.- Characters and dialogue which were not written in boring black-and-white prose, but with varying shades of moral ambiguity woven through the narrative.By the end of the story, I was left wanting to discover more about the characters and in what way my decisions had influenced the trajectory of the plot... Sadly, since there will never be an Episode 2, so I'll never know.In summary: I liked what I saw, and will be keeping my eye on this development team in the future. Hopefully, the next one will be a story I can follow through to its actual conclusion."
76561198026832415,Recommended,248800,19935379,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Watchy,"Very nice artwork and awesome music, short but worth the small price imoI was amazed people could make such a promising VN in the west...waited a sequel for years but unfortunatly..."
76561198059113270,Recommended,248800,11529726,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,P'Vati,"This game is so incredibly beautiful, I find it hard to believe that I got it for this cheap.It was made by the same people who created the iOS Visual Novel, Juniper's Knot, which I fell in love with at first sight.The soundtrack is amazing, the art is amazing, the visual effects are amazingHell, even the UI is amazing!When I closed the game for the first time, my only thought was:""My god, that was a beautiful button!""I would ABSOLUTELY reccommend this game to ANYONE, especially otaku like me who love a good story.I've only played this game for 10 minutes or so, but I'm already so head-over-heels in love with it that it's kinda scary.But really. Buy this game. Support the developers, so that they can continue this project and start new ones.Because all the work I've seen so far from them,Is ""utsukushii""."
76561198156869734,Recommended,248800,20629022,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Payne990,it has a great storyline and shows that sometimes it helps to pick right choices then others.
76561198001150161,Recommended,248800,19322744,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Titanium,"A decent, if short, visual novel. The story is actually quite good, definitely worth it's price, but buyers beware - unless you are the sort of person that can live with an unfinished tale or unless you can fill in the ending yourself with imagination, you will be left stranded and wanting. Originally, it was meant to be a multi-part game, but will probably never be finished, as the studio got itself in a quagmire and abandoned all further work."
,Not Recommended,248800,8681078,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,CPTpurrfect,"I'm a big fan of visual novels, and I like this one especially - the art style, the way it is written - everything fits together and so I like it - a lot.But why wouldn't I yet recommend this game? Simple: Because the dev dropped it. They only released the first episode, and while I was waiting, thrilled for the next ep, at some point the dev decided to drop it. So I can't really recommend this, after all it is a story that will probably never end. (A pity - I liked that, too...)So, while I generally cannot recommend this, if you are planning on writing a VN (or even a regular novel) you might take a look at it, just to look at the way it narrates itself. It is REALLY good."
76561198042050256,Recommended,248800,20963118,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,le crazy gamer xD,A short visual novel with great soundtrack and an interesting world.
76561198049980531,Recommended,248800,16254429,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Schierling,MORE!!! I WANT MORE!!!!
,Not Recommended,248800,15072448,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Zentiro,"I kept clicking for a few minutes while words flashed across the screen. Sometimes there were sounds of walking on a wooden floor or sighs or a big gulp. The art was pretty okay, but it couldn't keep my interest.I'll be honest, I did get a semi-chub, but it didn't get me off like regular porn.2/10 Wouldn't fap again."
,Not Recommended,248800,12605156,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,thebeesneeze,"Sadly, this game is another failed kickstarter, that will probably never be finished.Be sure you can actually finish your plate before you start eating :/"
76561198006590585,Recommended,248800,15017776,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Garoompahfah,"It's pretty darn good. Pretty darn short, at the moment, but pretty darn good too. Biggest problem is that the production of the rest is halted indefinitely. Kickstarter is a dangerous undertaking by all accounts, and giving people who make stuff for fun a budget and expect them to run a business well just doesn't seem to pan out more often than not.This being said, I can only hope there's more to come. This was a pretty enticing taste of what's to come :/"
,Recommended,248800,14513167,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,ANO | Da_NKP,"Dislaimer: This game is no longer in active development. While the team might work on it in the future, and wish to do so, they are by no means spending full time on future episodes. With that, this game is kind of let hanging.Otherwise, this was a great VN. The music was good, dialogue was real, and choices matter, although they ought to be excellent choices if you want to change anything. This is a  great game to kill time with. I immediately fell in love with the protagonist and, despite the game's possible intention, grew very fond of her mentor.  The game's lore made the immersion factor go through the roof.This game is definately worth getting, if only to make a follow-up more likely."
,Recommended,248800,14269875,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Andrew,"I paid for a visual novel, not a game.I got a visual novel I ended up adoring."
76561198044943679,Recommended,248800,14375758,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Chazzam,"Words can barely describe my immense love for this game and the ideas behind it. It's more of a story and experience than an actual game, but it has really impacted me.I really recommend anyone who enjoys a decent story to get this, since you're getting your money's worth back tenfold.Great characters, great OST, great atmosphere. Great Visual Novel."
,Not Recommended,248800,14122717,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Zoel,Great introduction to a visual novel that will never actually be completed because they stopped working on it.
76561197997046452,Not Recommended,248800,14107648,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,BitVyper,"This is probably the most disappointed I've ever felt with a VN.  The premise sounds so interesting; you're like an interdimensional peace ninja, manipulating societies from behind the scenes for their own benefit, and at the start, it really feels like it will follow through on that premise, what with giving you a bunch of information about the world you're on that all sounds like it could be important later on.  I wasn't even expecting MUCH, given that it was billed as the first game in a series, but ultimately, what the game delivers is one meaningful choice that has absolutely nothing to do with all that setting material.  The protagonist solves all the problems on her own beyond that, and it doesn't even matter if you looked at the world-info at all.  This is basically a kinetic novel being billed as something more."
,Recommended,248800,13303750,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,irony haha,"Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaos is a 2014 Visual Novel developed by Dischan Media, the creators of Juniper's Knot. Learning to Manage Chaos is the first game in the Dysfunctional Systems series and acts more as a sneak peak for the rest of the series.Learning to Manage Chaos follows the journey of Winter Harrison, a 14 year old Mediator who has traveled to the world of Sule to control said world's chaos with her mentor Cyrus Addington. Dysfunctional systems blends politics and sci-fi elements to create a very interesting world (or worlds) which is genuinely intriguing to read about. There is a good deal of world building through not only the dialogue but also the Codex which acts as a portable encyclopedia with information on the world. Learning to Manage Chaos does a good job of exploring philosophies such as Utilitarianism and their effects, both posotive and negative. Despite having very few choices to does a great job of adding weight and immersion to the story through the writing. The biggest flaw of Learning to Manage Chaos is undoubtedly the length which clocks in at less than 2 hours. There are reasons to play through such as the getting all the achievements and different dialogue but even with this you won't be spending any more than a few hours on Learning to Manage Chaos.The majority of Learning to Manage Chaos has you playing as Winter Harrison. Although Winter is naive she has a strong sense of justice and is pretty cute. On the other side of the spectrum Cyrus Addington, her mentor, is a more mature and experienced Mediator whose opinions often clash with Winter's. The interactions' between both characters are at times funny and cute and at others' thought provoking as much of the subject matter is war and nuclear weapons. The characters add a lot of substance to the game and make the tense moments of the story more gripping. There are few other characters introduced that I won't go into because they only play a small part in episode 1 but they are all fairly likeable so far.One of the games strongest points is it's visuals and music. The character designs are very well drawn and nice to look at and the backgrounds are some of the best I've seen in this genre. They are all very detailed and unique. The music is very atmosphere as it contains some great Ambient and Electronica tracks which heavily lend to the dystopian-esque atmosphere that the VN is going for. All of which can be accessed from the main menu.While the length of Learning to Manage Chaos and the miniscule amount of choices hinder the overall quality of the game, Episode 1 of Dysfunction Systems has a great story, characters, visuals, and soundtrack. Although this is only a review of the first episode and shouldn't be applied to later episodes in the series."
,Not Recommended,248800,13304820,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,ScarletInk 🌼☀,I didn't like the story.
,Recommended,248800,7893137,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Master Crash,"If you want to try the visual novel style or are into anime/manga, this game is perfect for you. The story is good, the art is good and the soundtrack, breathtaking.The only problem I'd say this game has is that's too short, being only the first of multiple episodes."
,Recommended,248800,7894577,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Thijmen,"OMG just buy this game. It doesn't cost a lot and it is one of the best storytelling games out there, I heard more episodes are coming so just buy this!"
,Recommended,248800,7335560,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,☕ Aragorn 🐧,recomendo pra quem gosta de visual novelssó pelo OST que acompanha o jogo já vale muito a penaa trilha sonora é incrivel !recommend for those who like visual novelsOST only by accompanying the game has very worthwhilethe soundtrack is amazing !
,Recommended,248800,7781334,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Febel,"Bought this on a whim and rather enjoyed it. It's well written and very well drawn with surprisingly good music. My only criticism is that it's quite short, I think I went through the entirety of the story and it's various paths in a little over 3 hours but then this is the first real release by a start up developer so you can't expect a huge amount of content. If you're a fan of visual novels it's certainly worth picking up, if only in the hopes of supporting the developers into making further episodes. Even if you aren't a huge fan of the genre I'd still recommend it since it costs next to nothing and is a fairly short sit anyway. Who knows, maybe you'll end up enjoying it?"
76561198066841736,Recommended,248800,7903336,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,shugo438,It is quite interesting. I want episode 2 XD
,Recommended,248800,8126533,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Anataraxia,"Good visual novel game, was a bit short, and the choices were limited. But, I really liked this game, the story was immersive and can't wait until the next episode."
,Recommended,248800,9187784,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Smokin' Jay,I got this game for free and believe me I had really no interest in trying out a visual novel but I gave it a shot and so should you.
,Recommended,248800,9200791,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Splinter,"Absolutely amazing! I'm not very exerpienced with visual novels as this is my first one, but I was enthralled by the storyline, which was very well told! I've ""played"" through it twice already, and each time I can't help but do it in one sitting. The only (minor) gripe I have is that there aren't more choices in this episode, but perhaps there will be more in the coming episodes (which I can't wait for)!"
,Recommended,248800,9245799,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,beefsack,"Unique visual novel, bereft of choices but when they come they are intensely difficult.  Impressive production values and interesting approach to ethics makes this one slightly above average."
76561198036277812,Recommended,248800,13013050,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,blood4lonewolf,"Starting off in a place resembling a different timeline, two travelers are there to observe and correct any possible disasters. In a world where science has progressed but humanity still suffers.Know that this is only one chapter out of a trilogy. The rest won't be released until later. It is text heavy but enjoyable when you get into it. My first playthrough was quit short, taking less than a couple hours to complete. I didn't quite get into it until I was little more in the story but after that it was refreshing. My second playthrough was more enjoyable. I would recommend it for those who enjoy a good story.The art and music are beautiful.One more thing to be aware of is that it's a visual novel. As an added bonus, the OST is included with the game in FLAC and mp3 formats. It's perfect for studying music on its own. Enjoy!"
76561198042706286,Recommended,248800,13118100,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,falkalore,"Dysfunctional Systems: Learning to Manage Chaos is a visual novel where you play as Winter Harrison, an in-training galactic peace keeper. The gameplay is influenced by the choices you make, but for the most part it is a story being told to you. I personally enjoyed the world sense of this VN, the characters seemed well written, and I very much so enjoyed the music.If you have played visual novels before, I can give you a fairly strong recommendation. My only qualm with the game is that for its quality, it lacks quantity. If you have not played a visual novel before, I suggest waiting for a sale if you are that curious. The makers of this game actually have a short VN for free on their website, one that helped seal the deal for me on this purchase. All in all, a good game. I look forward to its sequel."
,Recommended,248800,9813103,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Nice~♪,"An incredibly visualized VN, with very good music, and awesome writing. I rarely stop and look at a menu and say ""Wow. This is a ♥♥♥♥♥in'♥♥♥♥♥lookin' menu."" Only other time I think was Persona 4 Arena. Since this is a VN, expect reading. A lot of it.The story is Winter shadowing her mentor and learning the trade of mediation: reviewing dysfunctional systems: learning to manage chaos.The back-story itself is good too, if you can wrap your head around different planes of existence (with rigid (real) to loose (fantasy/magic) physics). People from Winter's dimension (where violence hardly exists) go to different worlds in different dimensions, and indirectly (or if needed, directly) help solve their problems to ""reduce chaos."" These problems range from economical woes to the destruction of soloar systems, and everything in between. The smallest decisions can alter the greatest of events. Sometimes, the greatest of decisions can't change the outcome.Main character, Winter, is considerably witty and self aware while conflicted with her 14 year old naivety, rebeliousness, and need to be autonomous. I get a kick out of reading her internal dialogues.Things will get sad. Things will get depressing. Things will feels. Things will get intense. Things will escalate quickly.Oh and keep an eye on the characters, their expressions DO change when they're talking. Better immersion and conveyance of character emotion. Same goes with some of the still framed art with characters in it. Those expressions."
,Recommended,248800,14644083,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Elsie (LCL),"A fantastic visual novel with fantastic art and fantastic music. Too bad this thing died out before it became something great. With the abandonment of the project this story just isn't gonna be finished. So if you want to see a project that could've been great, go ahead.Pros:- Unbeliably amazing art. Some of the best I've seen to this day in a visual novel.- Music rivaling even Hate Story's music.- Interesting concept and unique story.- Compelling characters.Cons:- Will never actually finish, due to it's abandonment. So the story will forever remain untold."
76561198024410063,Not Recommended,248800,9416827,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Silence,"The developers behind this game crafted a Kickstarter in an attempt to get money to continue this game that, as you can see, only has a very short ""Episode 1"" which is nothing more than a waste of money in its current state.While the Kickstarter was a wild success, the developers gave up on working on the game they had promised.  Even though they agreed to refund all donations $5 and up, it's still deplorable that they would go to the effort to get a Kickstarter going just to mismanage their funds.  They, and this is in their words, ""Spent the money too fast and on the wrong things.  Got bored with the project.  Lost direction for where the game was going and what they DID make, they didn't like because it was looking awful.""I wrote a review to help them out, which I'll leave below, but this is not worth $5, and with what they did involving the Kickstarter, it never will be worth anything ever again.My old review below.If you're someone who plays games for the story, watches Anime for the character development, or loves a good book... then this game is a must-buy.  There is one absolutely killjoy fact though... this is episode 1 of a cancelled series, and there are no more episodes planned by the creator who 'dropped' the series after it showed a lack of sales.  Buying this episode helps in funding the creator so that they will continue to make this wonderful story... to see it come to a conclusion.  Think of it as a $1 charitable donation (at the time of 80% off), a teaser at what's to come... think of it as a spoonful of honey with promise for more.  I highly recommend this story, hoping that the creator will be able to finish the series in the future."
76561197988762200,Recommended,248800,13398861,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,DivineEternal1,A bit short but it held my interest the whole time. That climax though...
,Recommended,248800,13335248,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,TheWired,"one of the best games i have ever played. the sound track is wonderful, the opening is glorious.you play winter an average teen from future earth. she is part of an organization that intendes to help settle differances and conflict on far off planets. her first asignment takes her to a country on one of these such planets that is impoverish due to the influence of a larger country. your job is to prevent a war between the 2 countries.the game has 2 ending each equally unplesent. as far as the story goes it is fine not alot to it though. the game will take about 5 hours to play though and get all the achivements. this game is a wonderful game in all but it would need to be longer for me to get a little more out of it. the good news is that 2 sequals that are longer and have more routes are curently inproduction and slated for release in 2015-2016.this game was originally suposed to have 6 episodes of simmilarly timed playthoughs. do to the lack of sales and other financial impacts, their production was haulted, but with an outporing of support and desire for something to complete it, the devs desided to make a 2 more episodes of longer timing, more endings and more routes. when thes games come though on steam or otherwise.i recommend that you get this game, and play it, it is only 5 bucks how could you not afford it!!"
,Recommended,248800,13285919,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,bbuterbrott,"I am not a big visual novel game fan, but this game was very interesting for me because of it's storyline and artwork. Especially artwork of the main heroes."
76561198071432814,Recommended,248800,13286225,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Lord Cat,"Great game, Need need NEEDS Part 2 and 3 to be released (Still waiting)"
,Recommended,248800,13290946,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Banhi Banhi,"Dysfunctional Systems is a short, but excellently done episodic VN. Art direction was phenomenal and the story was intense and captivating.All in all, it takes about two hours to go through, and to my knowledge, there are several endings as i've gotten two of them so far. You won't regret buying this whether it be on sale or the full asking price of five dollars. Can't wait to see what they have in store for Episodes 2 and beyond!Highly recommended. :D"
76561198079950498,Recommended,248800,13346932,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,dr.awsome17,this game has an amazing story i wish the next episode would come out because this has so much potential
76561198009096711,Recommended,248800,13338896,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Drakengard,"Having only played slightly over an hour, I can safely say that Dysfunctional Systems is engaging.  The characters are likable and relatable.  The story is intriguing and the writing is far from the typical awkwardness that tends to occur in visual novel dialogue.The art sytle is well handled and manages to craft attractive characters without going over the line into pure eye candy.  The music is fantastic and I suppose I should say that the general sound effects are well made and executed throughout.I can't wait to jump back in an finish out part one and expect to eagerly jump into what comes after this first entry."
,Recommended,248800,19119053,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Gabri9760,Sooooo sad this awesome game won't continue... Perfect.
,Not Recommended,248800,13939187,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,young money,"I have to change my review from a positive to a negative, as they won't be continuing the series and we're stuck with this one game forever.I loved it, don't get me wrong, but an unfinished game/story story doesn't deserve money.Somewhat related note:Early Access was a mistake."
,Not Recommended,248800,20791239,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Claudistine,I can't recommend this game now that the developers are never going to write up the remaining chapters.
,Recommended,248800,8563238,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,crazzy,"This is a great novel for people, who like to read.The pictures are awesome, the music is relaxing and the story is good too.I really really like it and would buy future episodes.All in One-Sentence; Money well spent."
,Recommended,248800,7589592,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Bernkastel,Great Story
,Not Recommended,248800,14117306,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Kafro Hudrep,"i quite liked the plot, characters, and themes of this visual novel, at least for the first portion of the story, and i was interested to see how the sequels would build on them.unfortunately the developers gave up at the beginning of the month after mismanaging employees and kickstarter money, and the artist for this first episode had already quit before then, so all that's left is a glimpse into what could have been a fairly mature science-fiction series. a real shame."
,Recommended,248800,26611188,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Aarohnn Landao,"Fantastic storyline, and outstanding sound track...My only regret; was not reading reviews and finding out that It's a cliff hanger, with no hope of being contenued...If you can handle that, it's so worth your time."
76561197998413605,Not Recommended,248800,12226811,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Count Sporkula,"way too short and sorely in need of its missing pieces, but otherwise an engaging and neat interactive novel.i recommend waiting for a sale for this item unless its missing parts/sequels have been published.P.S. all devolopement has stopped due to poor  money management. none of the rest of the sequals will be published."
,Recommended,248800,26926288,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,izule2003,Sad the other games wont be made.
76561197973979330,Not Recommended,248800,10066463,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Leafeyawn,"I thought that this was decent the first time I played, but unfortunately it now needs to be viewed as a standalone effort. The sequel is on permanent hiatus and will probably never get made. As such, I don't recommend this visual novel anymore. It just doesn't really work on its own."
,Recommended,248800,7304779,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,Atlas 141,"This is a brilliant introduction to the visual novel genre. The dialogue is engaging, humorous and, best of all, carries serious connotations. If you enjoy fencing debates and making decisions that arguably carry more weight than Mass Effect 3 ever did, this is for you."
,Recommended,248800,11799220,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,veryhorrible,It's an amazing game with an amazing story I really love to play it when I'm depressed. The music is awesome so check it out. I can't wait til the next episode is relesed :D
,Recommended,248800,33390354,Posted: 8 July,all,Krovoc,"The ""game"" is quite nice. However, know that you are buying the opening act of what was intented to be an episodic story. Luckily, the music comes free, and is nice. $5, the current, full price, makes it worth it for the (included) sound track alone."
,Recommended,248800,8451241,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Scatt Autumn,THE DEVS ARE ALIVE!BUY!BUY!BUY!
,Recommended,248800,28049635,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Rioxcon,I loved the setting multidimensional SiFi is my jam.
,Recommended,248800,33398186,Posted: 9 July,all,jimbles cocainum,episode two is never coming out :^)
76561198043755429,Recommended,248800,34336538,Posted: 18 August,all,Yummynomnom,I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game!
76561198025280562,Recommended,248800,35481791,Posted: 4 October,all,Revenant14,"Dysfunctional Systems is an interesting little VN that raises a lot of questions about the world it's set in and the philosophy of its characters and writers, then cuts out early, leaving you with no answers.Cyrus and Winter are fairly interesting characters, agents of some sort of mysterious, dimension-hopping organisation which tries to bring ""order"" and reduce ""chaos"" in the multiverse at large. Why they do this and how they define these concepts is... not really something that comes up. Again, a possible sequel or continuation might have explored more of this, but as it is, you're very much left to fill in the gaps. Perhaps their organisation are well-intentioned extremists who are meddling in things they don't understand? Perhaps there's some sort of primordial chaos, synonymous with evil, that they work to counteract? Winter's dialogue sometimes betrays her possibly dystopian upbringing, but again, it's all up to you to interpret.Regardless, Winter and Cyrus appear on a slightly dieselpunk-looking planet, where some sort of international crisis is heating into a potential WMD incident. Winter, who is idealistic, thinks there's a peaceful solution. Cyrus, who is less so, thinks this sounds like the kind of problem an assassination can solve. Again, it's not clear whose side the writers are on, and it might never be without some sort of follow-up- is Winter naive or is Cyrus reckless? The player is given a considerable choice tree to navigate through to try and steer the situation, allowing the devs to add in 11 achievements- honestly more than any reasonable, non-completionist person could earn naturally by playing the game.Unfortunately, the game then commits the cardinal sin of choice path systems byonly having one possible final outcome.Despite the numerous choices that you can make along the way, the WMD does detonate- and, due to some sort of miscalculation, does far more damage than was predicted, busting the planet and giving the protagonists some mild to moderate radiation poisoning as they warp back to base.As a set-up to a future project, this ending certainly has potential, but without it, there are too many unanswered questions.My recommendation is entirely conditional on there being some sort of sequel or follow-up, and maybe there being a pretty dramatic discount. It's a visually pretty and seemingly well-written introduction to a franchise that has yet to materialise."
