user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,248820,7744695,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Hobbes,"Mayday, mayday, oh stuff it, HEEEEELP...You've crashed. On a planet. It's a planet made up of wierd and strange things, creatures that up until your arrival quite likely existed in peace and harmony, and then you brought yourself, your mass of crates which have scattered around the landscape, and the teleporters you so desperately need to get back to your now scuffed up transport ship to get out of dodge.Whilst on the surface the game is very much a case of guns blazing and murder everything in sight, as you dig into the lore and entries of the game, what you'll learn is that the planet was more or less *fine* until the ship crashlanded, spewed it's cargo all over the shop and you, in your size twelves and large caliber weapons, decided to cut a swathe through the landscape to get out.Congratulations, you are the risk of rain the locals keep talking about. Don't you feel justawesome?Tightly tuned, finely balanced, class based roguelite gameplay...Starting the game the first time gives you access to the beginner class - Commando. This class is a good place to learn how to deal with the game, and a balanced set of skills that should see you progress at a reasonable rate. All the unlockable classes are tailored towards specific styles of play, and generally require specialist approaches to get the most out of them. A good example is the enforcer, which is far slower and less mobile than the commando, but due to his riot shield, can essentially soak -ridiculous- quantities of damage from the direction he's facing.Later classes are even more specialised, opening up classes that work from afar, or specialise in deployables or traps, or have other means of dealing with situations. In short, every class feels unique, and has their own combos and specific ways to work things out. Furthermore, with the items that you can collect, every class will evolve differently based on the drops you find. The Enforcer in one playthrough will be an entirely different Enforcer in the next. Even if there are some items you'll ideally want to grab each time.The importance of good design and a great soundtrackThe graphics might be pixel art, which by this stage you'd think have been done to death, but on the contrary, the clear, concise design and the very well thought out vision ensure that this game always looks stylish and well presented. This is a game that revels in looking good, and always ensures that the player is in control of what's going on, even when there's a -lot- going on at once.Combined with the precise and well balanced combat, along with the great sense of atmosphere, is potentially one of the best soundtracks of recent times, going alongside things such as Don't Starve, Deus Ex : Human Revolution, and Really Big Sky. A good soundtrack sells the atmosphere, and in this case it's been captured perfectly, possibly one of the best soundtracks in my library.Deep replayability and a stellar atmosphere combinedRisk of rain was one of my top picks when I bought it, this has not changed and it still remains one of the greatest games available on steam. Along with the legends like FTL, like Dungeons of Dredmor, Risk of Rain should be considered essential gaming for anyone who wants to get their hands into the genre of ""Roguelites"" that contains things like Spelunky and co.Verdict :EssentialWriter and columnist forJust Reviews, where you can get similar fine reading material. Join our group, follow our curations, and throw me a like if you would like to keep up to date with our efforts!"
,Recommended,248820,12544214,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Sun Ra And His Arkestra,"Stop adding me without even saying anything. Jesus Christ have some decencyserious review? serious review.Risk of Rain is an extremely addictive arcade style 2D platformer shoot-em-up with roguelike elements.Gameplay consists ofdying a lotattempting to reach and activate the stage exit teleporter in each level, there are a total of 6 levels to complete per game before achieving TOTAL VICTORYOnline Co-Op, many characters with their own unique playstyle, randomly generated level layouts, and loads of items keep gameplay fresh and excitingso you can just get goat hooves and syringes and win instantlyGameplayTight, responsive controls and enough characters to pick a playstyle that you enjoy make this an incredibly fun and rewarding experience.GraphicsA charming, simple artstyle with smooth animations makes this game a treat for the eyes.SoundAn expertly done soundtrack brings a LOT to the table, sound quality is good, sound effects aren't obnoxious.StoryA very ambigous story, no definite answers are given, but clues are relayed through item logs and monster descriptions.Multiplayer?This game features both local and online co-op, the co-op system (especially online) isa bitexcruciatingly buggy, but very fun to play with friends.Fun?The artstyle, gameplay, and unpredictability of this game make for an extremely enjoyable time.CategoryScoreGameplay10/10Graphics10/10Sound10/10Story10/10Multiplayer?Local and online co-op.Fun?Yes!Overall10/10"
,Recommended,248820,8561882,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,MikeReverb1,"Beautiful, sophisticated, yet brutal. Yes, like your new girlfriend, Risk of Rain is a ball of wonderment and pain.In this rogue-like platformer, you run around each level trying to find a teleporter. Meanwhile, enemies spawn randomly; killing them gives you gold with which you can open containers with upgrades for your character. Once you find a teleporter, you fight a boss and ultimately move on to the next level.The catch? The longer you play, the tougher the enemies become! So speed is of the essence as well as quick reflexes and mob management.The artstyle for this game is pixel based, and it's wonderful how much character these little sprites have! The tiny animations are smooth, and watching an enemy explode into blocks of meat chunks is satisfying.The music is also fantastic; it's a hauntin track that sounds like a dubstep/trance hybrid one moment and a thumping bass the next.And the gameplay: oh boy, is this game tough! But you come out of it a better man (or woman) with blistered fingers and a beard on her knuckles (that goes for the women too).So this game comes highly recommended! There are a lot of achievements/unlockables including new items and classes, so the replay value is truly up there. Do yourself a favor and pick up Risk of Rain!"
76561197999871694,Recommended,248820,8148551,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,batwingNZ,Not a weather forecasting app.
,Recommended,248820,32750706,Posted: 24 June,all,Ggdograa,"Spend 90 minutes on a single run, melt everything in seconds then enemies get to the point where you're killed almost instantly. Cry for 10 minutes, then start a new playthrough. Good times."
76561198113264796,Recommended,248820,12664404,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,A Pedophile Gnome,"Where do you begin with a game like Risk of Rain? It's so new and original, yet so classic and oddly memorable that we can all adapt to it rather quickly while not feeling like we're repeating something playing it. Most ""pixel games"" as they call them I see now are simply normal games... with pixel-y art styles. This is one of those games that actually blends well with the art style, and I wouldn't have it any other way. Let's talk about gameplay for a sec.Gameplay: Risk of Rain will kill on your first run. If this does not happen, you are probably a carrier of Jesus' will and strength on Earth, because it's pretty dang hard to pick up on your first go. But to help, I'll elaborate on just how NOT to die. You are given the Commando to start out with, and classes like the Bandit, Enforcer, and CHEF will be easy to get early on. Every character has 4 skills, kind of like LoL, except you don't have a basic attack outside of them - They're all you got. Most classes tend to have a movement-enhancing skill in their third slot, and a powerful skill in their fourth. The Commando is no exception. He has 4 basic skills which are very easy to learn and starts with above-average high health to help beginners.Unlocking Stuff: Unlocking stuff isn't as easy as you would think. You're probably going to start on Drizzle, the easiest game mode. However, if you're a wimp, the game won't save any of your progress (This includes item logs), and no monster logs will drop either. If you want 100% completion, you're going to have to step it up. Most characters are unlocked by doing special things or filling requirements. No surprise there. The Huntress and Mercenary are pretty hard to get, asking for 15 monster logs and 5 game-wins, respectively. But don't worry - You'll get there if you like the game.Items and YOU: Items are, without a doubt, THE most key tool you need to survive the night. When you start out, you will find items randomly from boss kills, chests, imp vases, shrines, and other places. Chests require money, imp vases require you to hunt down and kill a few frantic imps, shrines are like casinos, and bosses should be obvious - Kill em for good stuff. Most (Keyword - Most) items can stack. A few, like Thallium, can not. This is why the RoR Wiki is your field guide for items here. Items give you various buffs and bonuses, and have the power to make or break you depending on how you use them and your luck with finding items that suit you. Once you start picking up Artifacts, hidden items that you can activate to change gameplay once you die, quit, or win, can alter some things - But I'll let you figure that all out.Difficulty: There's two ways this game changes difficulty - One, by choosing your difficulty on the character-select screen, and two, by slowly raising it during gameplay at a speed dependant on what difficulty you chose. This makes for very adjustable learning curves that will suit you everywhere. Artifacts can also help or hinder you if you're good at using them or not, for example; The Glass artifact cuts your health to 10%, but gives you a HUGE damage boost (Used to be x5 damage but they nerfed it, I have no idea what it is now - Don't worry, it's still fun as heck if you don't get hit!). Remember to start and progress at a rate that you're comfortable with, or else you might not have as much fun.Conclusion: Oh yes, this is a game you need. Don't even ask why, just get it. It's 10 bucks. It's awesome. Once you know how to use and abuse the artifacts and characters, you'll pretty much be playing something like a God Simulator with every run, finding new ways to use your characters, match items, and have fun with MULTIPLAYER - That's right, MULTIPLAYER! Also, achievements in the form of READING AND KNOWLEDGE! Also, THE GAME LAUGHS AT YOU WHEN YOU DIE and gives SNARKY REMARKS! The art-style is AMAZING! The music is AMAZING! The gameplay is BONKERS RADICAMAZING TIMES TEN! Just! Get! This! Game!"
,Recommended,248820,19450983,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Cercatesori,"I mean, I felt like I was a god. 15+ items, some of them stacked.Then 50 enemies spawned out of nowhere.I tried to run to a better piace for fighting them, and a giant box appeared. ""Press A to inspect"".My thoughts: ""whoa, this could help me out here""Reality: a boss spawns out of it, it kicks my♥♥♥♥♥and enemies feast on my corpse.Death message: ""That was absolutely your fault.""At least I died laughing.11/10 just buy it and play"
,Recommended,248820,13204689,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,unsigned long long,I played this game a little. It was fun.
,Recommended,248820,32040221,Posted: 29 May,all,Mr. RedKnight,"Died brutally in a fire with lizardmen surrounding me and stone golems smacking my skull in, with white giants punching my guts into oblivion. Meanwhile, a giant magmaworm is flying around, smacking into me, burning me to death, while I'm already burning, and a green wisp is sniping me from across the map with his green ejaculation.Death message: ""That was your fault"".Yes, it was my fault I died brutally on my first run.11/10, more than worth the money."
,Recommended,248820,32849333,Posted: 27 June,all,rokerist,"This game is great. It has challange, it has diversity, it has high replayability. I'm 100hrs in and still haven't unlocked all items nor mastered all classes.Pros:-randomized gameplay-challenging (seriously just don't go YOLO, you'll die a lot)-lots of in-game achievements-each class plays differently​-lots of items so you can try different builds-fun coop-you can add even more challange through artifacts you have to unlock-big levels-endless (there is an ending level but you have the option to go to another level)-really long runs-trading cardsCons:-setting up for coop might be difficult fore some players, as you need port forwarding to be a host. There are guides about this on the games' forum, but if you still don't understand them, maybe you have a friend who does and you can ask him/her to help you through teamviewer.-I don't have any more cons, but it would have been nice if all of the in-game achievements were on steam as wellI saw some bad reviews pointing at some data loss bug. I had it too, and the devs were really kind to help and found out that it's related to the vcredist packs. It's either one is missing from your computer or it didn't install properly. Just reinstall all vcredists and it should be all ok. It only takes a few minutes. I hope that those who had this problem will see my review.In the end, i'll give it a 10/10"
,Recommended,248820,9279073,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,headbanger1186,"After crashing on a planet you're tasked with a simple set of objectives.-Survive-Find the teleporter-Survive some more-Eradicate everythingrepeat.For most games this could wear thin and become repetitive rather quickly but that simply isn't the case with this game.When you first play, chances are you will die a bunch without really knowing what to do. You'll unlock something else though and it will get easier over time. Think of this as a survival/horde mode roguelike countra-ish shooter platformer that never gets stale.Each play through will generally net you either a new power up or unique character class to eviscerate and dismember the various lifeforms of each planet and area. It has a Binding of Isaac feel in a sense that things are swapped and randomized with each play through but you'll always fight the same bosses and end boss/stage. Much like Isaac your power ups stack and you can have some really brutal and devastating combinations by the time you get to the end.The different classes and characters you unlock all have different and interesting criteria to make them available for use and there is something satisfying in seeing that you have reached a new tier of badassery when you are now plowing through enemies with dual pickaxes or laying down your heavy shield and firing cover shots to keep the wave of enemies at bay.the starting class ""Commando"" is more than suited for the task at hand, especially playing at Drizzle difficulty, but it should be known that every character plays completely different from the next and has a dedicated skill set and pool of abilities.The bosses as well as the native creatures populating the planet are all aggressive and will swarm you the minute you come within proximity of them. This game also gives you a sense of urgency to complete the planet by steadily spiking the difficulty as the little ticker in the corner continues to count. If you can handle it you can play as long as you want, you can even get all the way to end and start back from the first level with all of your power ups in hand. There is a flexible and open level of choice that allows for revisiting the game and trying different things time and time again.Risk of Rain comes complete with a somewhat minimalist pixel art style and the characters would be moving dots if the view was pulled out any further but it also helps give the monsters a look of towering giants and puts you in David V Goliath scenario for the duration of your journey. All of this is backed by an amazing and atmospheric soundtrack that will constantly have you nodding your head or getting pumped in rhythm of the beat.You can get as much as you want out of this game but if you put the time and effort into it, you can squeeze an amazing amount of time and play out of your 9.99. Overall I give this game an 8.8/10 and recommend it to anyone who is a fan of roguelikes, team co op, old school side scrolling platformer shooters, and indie games."
,Recommended,248820,7740669,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Gab,Risk of Rain is pretty addictive due to its simple mechanics but increasing level of difficulty as time passes. You can unlock different classes which mix up the gameplay in fun ways. Really fun game.
,Recommended,248820,17457102,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,plant,"RISK OF RAIN. ITEMS GAIN. SEEMS REAL PLAIN. BRINGS THE PAIN. IS INSANE. HURTS LIKE CANE. FINE LIKE GRAIN. HEALTH DOES WANE. ANKLE SPRAIN, KILLING CHAIN. BLOOD DOES STAIN. HURTS MY BRAIN. BEST OF GAME. RISK OF RAIN."
,Recommended,248820,12794383,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Nerd House,"Roguelikes have exploded as a genre lately, largely due to the number of indie productions out there exploring interesting ways to take an absolutely classic title and bolt new mechanics to it. Games like FTL, Rogue Legacy and Paranautical Activity instantly come to mind, taking randomised areas, crazy power-ups and eternal death as a basis and building them into something new and fresh.Risk of Rain takes the idea of an impossible Roguelike to new heights. The hook of this 2D action platformer is rather simple: it literally gets harder with each passing second. Immediately the player needs to make a conscious decision: do you grind out the game in the first few minutes when the enemies are few and far between, farming gold and unlocking passive abilities that will help you when you reach the ten minute mark and all hell breaks loose? Or perhaps you want to rush through as many stages as possible before the difficulty curve rises. Risk of Rain is all about risk and reward, and while it doesn't necessarily break genre conventions, it manages to provide a compelling twist on basic mechanics.Players are given access to a number of characters, each with four unique abilities that will aid them in combat. Each of said abilities has a cool-down timer after use, so learning which character fits your play style, and how they fit in with the rest of your team is imperative for survival. In the beginning you only have access to the assault trooper, but after multiple runs you will slowly unlock a cast of devastating characters that will help you see the game through until the end.Once you select a character it's game on. You are dropped on a hostile world, filled with enemies. Each enemy killed will net you some gold, which can be spent unlocking chests found in the level, or taking a gamble and spending some at a divine statue. Sometimes this will yield you amazing items, other times it will take your money and laugh at your tears as you received nothing at all. Each time you use one of the statues the cost goes up also, which often had me throwing money away at it three times before I realised I was broke.There are tons of items throughout Risk of Rain that will give you the upper edge, most of them offering passive buffs against your foes. There are a select number of consumable items you will find along the way that can be used to get yourself out of a tight jam, and there are also some helpful assault and healing drones that you can spend money repairing so they will follow you around and help against the onslaught of enemies. Just like any Roguelike, learning how to use these items in unison is key to survival, and after a dozen or so runs, you will begin to understand how it all fits together.Each level essentially has the same goal: find and activate the teleporter which will call in a randomised boss fight. The bosses are tough....really bloody tough, and they will definitely give you a run for your money. To make matters worse, the timer is still creeping up towards a harder difficulty, and regular enemies are still spawning into the world, which makes is a cluster of pain and misery. Once the boss has been defeated the enemies stop spawning, you are left to clear the last of them, and then you can teleport to the next level. Before you leave however, you better search for any chests you may have missed, because each time you teleport you will lose your gold.Risk of Rain keeps you on the edge of your seat the entire time, simply because that ominous timer is always ticking in the upper right corner. Slowly but surely you see the difficulty status rise from easy to no chance in hell and the sweat starts forming on your brow. You want to make sure you survive the game, but you also need to do it as quickly as possible. It's an impossible task, one that is truly captivating and kept us coming back for more and more.While Risk of Rain supports solo gamers, the true core of the game lies with the four-player co-op. When you're tackling the beasts of other worlds with three of your best friends, each playing a different character and you are all working in unison, the game really shines as something special. If you're not likely to play the game with friends, I'd almost recommend skipping it all together; that is how integral the multiplayer truly is.Risk of Rain manages to pull off the pixel look with style and flair. The characters are enjoyable, the enemies are ghastly, and those tunes are fantastic. If you can swing a few dollars, definitely pickup the soundtrack from the website, it's right up there with Fez and Monaco in terms of great indie game albums.Highly Recommended"
76561198271717997,Recommended,248820,26552260,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Ipecac,"I think this game deserves a sequel or a DLC bad, I just hunger for more Risk of Rain!"
76561198118240756,Recommended,248820,31926119,Posted: 23 May,all,Samurai_Jam,You can get so OP from items that theres a point where you do more damage standing still than attacking. 10/10
,Recommended,248820,23355641,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,theTeaganator,"It's hard to say something about Risk of Rain that hasn't already been said in the reviews already, so I guess I'll tell the story about how I came across it:To start off, I'm a musician. You may be thinking to yourself now: ""Why is this guy telling us this, and, more importantly, why should I care?"" Well, I'll tell you. A few years ago, I went to a music camp for the summer, and one of my favorite things to do was to go out into a nearby field with a small speaker and go stargazing after our performances. We'd find some chill music to pull up and just talk about our lives. One night, this guy suggested we listen to a soundtrack he had, from a game called Risk of Rain. I was intrigued, as I love video game soundtracks, so I told him to plug it in. I was immediately hooked on the music, and I decided to go investigate the game. I played a gameplay trailer, and it looked interesting enough. I was a fan of roguelike games, and the pixelated art style was always something I enjoyed.A couple weeks later, I went and purchased the game and gave it a go. Being a pretty experienced, I felt ballsy and started on Hard mode... That was a mistake. I was murdered within about 15 minutes. However, after switching down to the normal difficulty, I started playing through, and I loved every second of it. Before I realized it, the difficulty was no longer increasing, and the timer read 150:00. You know you've found a fun game when you can invest two and a half hours into it while having it feel like a matter of minutes.A couple of days later, I had every class unlocked and just enjoyed myself. I told my friends about the game, got some co-op games going, and just felt happy. The combination of a fun and challenging game is something that I've always enjoyed. The simplicity, and yet precise technicality of the game, was made perfectly. And of course, the music. The soundtrack of the game is just beautiful, and matches the tone and setting of the levels perfectly. If you wanna give it a listen, here's a link:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ypzpl02RpsAnyway, that's the story of how I found this game. So, if you want a fun game with infinite replayability, and an overall great experience, buy this game. It was worth every penny for me. ;)"
,Recommended,248820,17544318,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Ludicron,"This is be a great game with loads of (sort of unexplored) potential. I mean, the retro graphics are amazing and give the game a nice feeling, the different classes are really fun to play, the soundtrack kicks♥♥♥♥♥ it's 100% worth the 70+ hours I've spent on it.But the only problem is that this doesn't have ""matchmaking"" multiplayer or a in-game server list. You'll have to either use portforwarding or programs such as Hamachi or Evolve.I don't blame the devs for that, though. They are college students, not Bethesda or Ubisoft. They've got actual problems in their lifes to take care of, and this is just their little experiment that turned out right. They still release bugfixes from time to time, though.Anyway, 9.99/10 would slice magma worms with kitchen knives while hiding between a 100-feet-wide electric shield and 2 stacks of alien heads on my face again.EDIT: As of January 2016, the site that had a useful list of servers I posted here doesn't work anymore! You can still try searching for people to play with in places like Steam community forums, Evolve, Reddit or whatever, though."
,Recommended,248820,13009721,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Zorak,"ThisgameisAMAZING.The mechanics are well-oiled (especially after the last updates; now, it flows smoothly). The OST is simply beautiful. The graphics create a unique atmosphere: the gameworld is dark-toned but not lugubrious; you feel lonely, but never properly desperate, and the scenarios are always enjoyable (even after countless hours of replay). Also, the storyline of sorts is gradually revealed via item logs and monster logs you acquire after some time playing - the game startsin media res.You don't need to know what's going on to enjoy it, but it surely adds to the flavor. I particularly like this form of storytelling: a very good game becomes more and more fascinating once you start realizing (well, perhaps not exactly) what's going on after some exploration. It reminds me of Diablo II in this point.Most important, though, is that it is PURE FUN. Very challenging and very rewarding, it leaves me wanting more every time I play. Actually, I sort of developed an emotional attachment to this game; when I started playing it, I was somewhat distant from videogames (after 24 years of being a total videogame nerd), not really willing to play too much. This game (along with Papers, Please and some others) helped me ""feel the magic"" again, sorta like falling in love once more with your boyfriend/girlfriend after a period of strain and doubts.tl;dr: FUN, rewarding, beautiful, challenging, cool, buy the hell out of it"
,Recommended,248820,14712041,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Tom,"Risk of Rain is possibly one of my most favourite games ever. I mean it. This is an absolute beast of a game. I am majorly addicted to this.You start off with an basic character with no equipment or upgrades, starting out slowly killing a few bad guys at a time to collect more money, and in turn you open chests with the money you have earn, each chest will have a new piece of equipment which is randomly selected, making each run through completely different to the last.When you reach level 20ish you are completely kitted out in equipment, upgrades and power ups, you can walk through hoards and hoards of bad guys using different techniques.There is nothing wrong with Risk of Rain, at all. To me, this is a perfect game."
76561198026129246,Recommended,248820,13728474,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Curious Incubus,Stuff you should know:-This game will wreck your♥♥♥♥♥♥if you stand still for more than 15 seconds.-This game will wreck your♥♥♥♥♥♥if you stay in a level too long.-This game will wreck your♥♥♥♥♥♥if you focus on spamming your special moves when it's unnecessary. (you do have a primary attack)-This game will wreck your♥♥♥♥♥♥if you try speeding through it.-This game will wreck your♥♥♥♥♥♥if you spend too little money.-This game will wreck your♥♥♥♥♥♥if you focus too much on trying to spend money. Just find the teleporter before you go discount mad.-This game will wreck your♥♥♥♥♥♥if you don't stack healing items.-This game will wreck your♥♥♥♥♥♥if you don't stack explosive/splash damage items.-This game will wreck your♥♥♥♥♥♥if you charge enemies.-This game will wreck your♥♥♥♥♥♥if you (try to) avoid enemies.-This game will wreck your♥♥♥♥♥♥if you focus on killing the bosses before you try killing the spawning enemies.-This game will wreck your♥♥♥♥♥♥because you get unlucky.-This game will wreck your♥♥♥♥♥♥even if you do get lucky.-This game will wreck your♥♥♥♥♥♥if you don't utilize the extra jump item that you stacked x3.-Take the final boss seriously.You were warned.
,Recommended,248820,14543972,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,LèGuardian,"What should I say?If you like ...a lot of greate 2D-Grafics-Style,a lot of Items,a lot of enemies,a lot of pixelblood,a lot of funny-rage-moments,a lot of fun,a lot of EXPLOSIONS,a lot of epic boss fights,a lot of simultaneously epic boss fights,a lot of runs,a lot of different type of heros,a lot of hard to get artifacts,a lot of awesome coop-moments,a lot of great music,a lot of ROCKETSAND you can get all lot of's with---> NOT a lot of money ;)"
,Recommended,248820,8651327,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Vacation Religion (til friday),"This game is hard.  THANK GOD!!  Games are so damn easy these days, it's great to have a game that absolutely does not hold back on the difficult.  YOU. WILL. DIE. and you will come back for more because of how damn fun this game is!  And the music is incredible.  Absolutely top notch.  Buy this game.  BUY IT."
,Recommended,248820,7953822,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Dan Rather's All-Star Karaoke,"The longer you stay on this hellhole of a planet, the tougher things will get.But you're stranded. So. Please start moving.The inherit challenge of Risk of Rain is to balance speed with thoroughness. Dwell any particular region longer and you're bound to discover (and be able to afford) an array of random weaponry which stacks together in clever ways, turning your hopeless vagrant into a prayed-for messiah. But there's that catch ... the longer you dwell in one zone, the more infernal the next will be. So as you fight simply to survive, you'll also be gauging time and charting hypothetical routes through the mysterious wasteland ... hoping to come across the right combination of moneys, chests and sacrificial totems in efficient order.Aside from the planet's devious armory, your years on the frontier have supplied you with a certain set of skills. Regardless of your profession, these core skills usually take form in a weak-ish basic attack, a middling form of crowd control, some type of evasion, and a signature ability (think of this as the one that won you all that money on The Universe's Got Talent: Killing Edition). Each time you use a skill - beyond the basic attack - you'll have to wait a few seconds before you can use it again. As that one random monster crab is quickly joined by every casual acquiantance from his apparently quite-social life, those seconds can seem like an eternity. But you'll need to use those skills with abandon - conservation is for another time and place.Again. Don't stop.As your deaths accumulate, Risk of Rain becomes a game about learning the ins-and-outs of an alien frontier while constantly pushing yourself to discover new corners of its relentless universe.Your only choice of profession at the start is a fine-tuned but vanilla-bean commando. But just as you begin to master your skills, you'll unlock a new, entirely unique character to possibly nudge your game progress further. Trust those who have come before: The new characters will often feel useless on the first playthrough. At some point, you'll wrap your brain around the death-delivering potential of each. And as you pour gallons of acid across shadowy plains or single-shot the entire health bar of one of the game's gargantuan bosses, you will learn to feel invincible ... for a minute or two at least.Each of the planet's progressively elaborate environments includes a familiar basic layout from play to play, but its random generation makes each play just uncomfortable enough to force you to make decisions on the fly. Level talk is boring, but do note: the surprisingly elaborate final stage is reward in itself.Risk of Rain is a game that requires skill and cunning ... but not so much skill and cunning to be abusive. It drops a torrent of challenges on you ... while giving you delightful ways to overcome them. To this survivor: It's earned a place in the Roguelike Temple of Elders.Be sure to visit.Just remember to keep moving."
,Recommended,248820,10359527,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Harlack,"You’re a little pixel man who shoots and punches wonderful looking pixel monsters. Super fun, very addictive and hard as heck. I'm not sure if I can cuss in these reviews or else I would have used a stronger expletive to signify the difficulty. IT’S HARD… but the good kind of hard. I also Made a video review.http://redlettermedia.com/pre-rec-risk-of-rain/"
76561198091063653,Recommended,248820,31942832,Posted: 24 May,all,lil cakes,"$3 for a game that has over 100 hours of play, acceptable purchase."
,Recommended,248820,8077393,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Necrossin,"Intense and neat game, that combines addicting and challenging gameplay withreally funco-op.Not to mention that it has one of the nicest soundtracks.Bonus points if you are a fan of rogue-like games as The Binding of Isaac or(and) FTL."
,Recommended,248820,29567418,Posted: 29 January,all,Dune Tiger,"This late in the game, it may be pointless to review Risk of Rain, but I figured I should since I have a kind of a rekindled love affair with it.  Keep in mind, however, that most of my playtime has been on the Vita/PS4 and I am now faced with the daunting task of unlocking everything on my PC copy.  So take this as you will.Released in 2013 (holy crap, that long ago?), Risk of Rain is an indie action platformer best characterised as rogue-lite and quite frankly, it is a total blast to play.  When I got it, shortly after release, I put a little bit of time into it, but admittedly, I didn't -get- it.  When you first fire up the game, you have only one character available (the Commando) and after a little intro detailing some dude destroying your cargo ship and your drop-pod blasting down to the planet below, you're left to your own devices.  The drop-pod shows only the Commando available to choose with the promise of several others to unlock in the future and the promise is exciting.  But when I originally started playing, I had no idea what to do, what I was doing, or really why I was doing it.It was fun, but it didn't capture my imagination and I didn't give it the time it needed.  The game was out to kill me and it was doing a good job.  I wasn't doing very well at all with the Commando and I was desperately hoping to unlock some other kind option (to this day, I still don't like the Commando).  Like I said, I didn't get the game at all.  It was weird, it was alien, yet it was so beautifully-rendered and fascinating that I at least wanted to give it a go.  I didn't understand what these chests and jars were for, or why so many enemies seemed to have the upper hand on me.  After about an hour (keep in mind, at that time my runs in the game were probably no more than 10-15 minutes at a time), I had unlocked nothing at all, so I moved on, thinking perhaps this was one game that I wasn't going to meet for coffee later.  Yet something about it spoke to me.It wasn't until it appeared on PSN that I thought, huh, you know what, with such short runs, this makes the perfect hand-held game (for the record, it is the perfect hand-held game until you start beasting and having 30-60-minute runs), so I bought it yet again because of that -need- to understand the game and why it had always sat in the back of my head, sort of like how my first experience with Demon's Souls made me put it down, but it always called back to me.  So it was on the subway as I was blasting away at purple lizards and smokey mushrooms that the game finally clicked.  I had that ""a-ha"" moment like when you're struggling with something in class or at work and suddenly it all makes sense.At first, the game is merely about survival.  You will be minding your own business when suddenly mobs just start spawning in front, behind, above, and below you.  They hit, and they hit hard.  Worse yet, there's this difficulty timer on the screen that is slowly creeping up, almost mocking you as you die on ""Very Easy"" (for the record, I like the level named ""I SEE YOU"").  As it goes up, more things spawn; stronger things; scary things.  You die.  You retry.  As you practice - and let's be frank, you need to practice - the game starts unbuttoning its shirt for you, one button at a time, teasing the prize underneath.  You've noticed that the things you're picking up appear at the bottom of the screen in rows, all of them bestowing some kind of ability, some kind of assistance.  You're living a little longer.  You're braving the levels now, with a sense of purpose to get even MORE stuff to carry, each new item making you last that much longer, making you that much stronger.  You've maybe got a healing drone or some turrets following you to make life a little easier.  You've unlocked a piggy bank thing that allows you to buy even more chests to open.  Eventually you are marching across the maps, unburdened by the equivalent of a warehouse strapped to your back, an indestructible god of violent chaos and at your command, you can unleash a missile salvo or fire off the weapon that you stole from the boss whose face you now wear stretched across your head.  You reach the final boss and show him just what you've become and you relish that moment as the credits roll when you realize that it was all about the journey, not the end.But wait... you've hardly unlocked a thing.  You maybe have only one or two new characters now.  You don't have any monster logs.  Your item collection is missing a whole lot of boxes, some of which you can't even fill because you don't have some ability you've never seen before.  What's this row of artifacts that I can't choose?  Ah, that's what that cube of meat does?  I see, I see.  The purpose has now changed - it's all about discovery now.  The game has clearly told you that it has a lot of secrets to uncover and it whispers, ""Come find me."" You stop just surviving and now you're actually -looking- and the game is telling you that it's always been there in front of your face; a jump that's -just- a little too far, or a hole that's never been there before.  You start asking, ""How do I get there?"" and over and over again, you unravel a little more.  So you do it again.  And again.  And again.  And again..."
76561198038385007,Recommended,248820,13480021,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,FFLAPDJAK,"great music, great gameplay. it just needs a better multiplayer system."
,Recommended,248820,16068840,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,IKEA Shelf (2017),My favorite part was when I played for 45 minutes and then lost all of my progress when I died in one hit from a giant electric worm.
,Recommended,248820,8718454,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Stella,"Quite the fun game, I like both it's appearance, and playstyle. Definitely worth the money it's selling for now.-The music is excellent, It fits really well with the respective level!-Though the multiplayer definitely could be improved, with a little effort you're going to be able to host your own Risk Of Rain server!-Though a rather simple touch to the game, it's well worth the amount of hours I've spent in this game so far!"
,Recommended,248820,7846390,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,TITOMOSQUITO187,"Great fun and super addicting. Fast paced platformer and roguelike that makes you fight with increasing difficulty the longer you stand around. As you take longer to finish areas the difficulty increases adding more powerful enemies and upgraded bosses the longer it takes.It has a very similar item system to Binding of Isaac, in which you must unlock items by completeing certain tasks before they are available in the game. While there aren't achievements for ALL of these, the game has a listing in the menu telling you what you must do to unlock them, and the item pages give a short description over the padlock as well to show you what you need to unlock certain items. Starting now with 100 items to unlock and use, I am hoping we get a major update similer to Wrath of the Lamb and I suspect we will!The worlds are randomly generated as well, but I am not sure if this is infinite, or they have a finite nuber of designs at the moment. It is a 2D sidescroller instead of the overhead view of Isaac, but uses a lot of the same concepts.The game also adds a bit of lore to it with unlockable monster profiles that give you a great background on them and some funny dialog. The items also all have their own item cards with interesting infor and funny comments about them.You unlock several (10 total) new playable characters with completely different skills and abilities to play through the game giving it very nice replayability. While in Isaac you start with basic tears and small stat differences, each character in RoR has its own unique weapons and weapon abilities to start with regardless of what items you grab. The items enhance your character in many interesting and unique ways.Graphical style is very simple and may seem offputting at first, but it works fine and the pixel art is perfectly good. Don't disregard the game based on this!The only issue I had early was the default controls, which seemed to be designed for left handed players, but fortunately they ARE able to be rebinded to our preferneces and I did jsut that so I felt more comfortable.This is the next great Indie roguelike that is highly addicting, and totally worth the buy. I highly recommend it to fans of Binding of Isaac!The game has Achievements and trading cards. The Achievements I feel are a bit underwhelming, however and don't give the same sense of completion as the ones for Isaac did. Hopefully they will address this with further updates to offer more ideas and challenges with them. Not that it needs them to be a good game, but it expands the challenge having new ideas and challengs to achieve."
,Recommended,248820,16090032,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Luisscammell1,Where's the rain?
,Recommended,248820,15402062,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Atratzu,"-Quick Review-...aaaaaand today's forecast is; a chance of explosions, with a side dish of pain, a little bit of agony, a whole lot of fun, and a Risk of Rain.Risk of Rain is an platform indie game with many rogue-like elements. You unlock new characters and items, to help you through the game. The game is very fun and challenging, but if you want to make it to the end, you need to play smart and use your time wisely.-Detailed breakdown review-Story:There's not much to say about the story in this game, the description text explains that ""You are the sole survivor of a space train wreck"", however that is not the case if you're playing multiplayer; then you can have *four* survivors, but I digress.Game Play:There is a lot to say about the game play. Firstly, the controls are pretty simple, you have several attacks (all of which are different based on the character you're playing), you move to the left, right, and jump.There are numerous unlockables throughout the game, new characters and items. There are actually unlockables that you can only get with certain characters, so that keeps you playing and trying out new things.The game advertises itself as ""full of rogue elements"" and to a degree it's quite right, but there are some consistent factors: the first level is always the same, time continues to tick... the longer you play = the harder the game gets.Achievements:There are 15 achievements for this game. I suspect the reason I haven't written the review for this great game yet, because I... shamefully... haven't been able to unlock the last 3 achievements I need. (at this time: 4/16/15)There are only a few easy achievements that you unlock just by playing it, most achievements you will need to do something very specific. Be it, find a new character to unlock, or use a specific item on another specific item/NPC.Price:Risk of Rain goes for $9.99, I personally waited for a sale (much to the frustration of my real life friends who wanted to play it with me)... but in the end that's a fair price for this game, based on how much time I've spent playing it.Conclusion:I've mused to myself in the past thinking ""I wonder if these older indie games will age differently then console or ROM games"". It seems like many indie games age well because they have unique-addictive-artistic-theme's to them.I absolutely recommend this game, it isn't one of those ""Rack up to 100 hours"" games for most people, but it is a fun change of pace from the other types of games out there. One final note: this game shines when it comes to multiplayer, playing on your own gets old, playing with friends feels like you're playing a classic arcade game with friends."
,Recommended,248820,14201895,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Kevin Smith Huge Jorts,"After 24 hours of gameplay, I finally beat the game for the first time.This game is unforgiving, stylish, incredible, and fun as hell.Pros:Great soundtrackPixelated graphics work wellRoguelikeReplay value galoreDid I mention the soundtrack?Cons:N/AIf you were curious, the game's title is alluding to the amount of sweat that will pour out of your body during the final boss battle.10/10edit: I guess I suck at this game 11/10"
,Recommended,248820,32464717,Posted: 15 June,all,WHISKEY DADDY,Risk of Salt
76561198012558993,Recommended,248820,12642416,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,xDEATH48x,"Excellent 2D Action Platformer. Ever ramping difficulty, Leveling up, Tons of Items to augment your awesomeness, Loads of different enemies, and Permadeath keeps you on your toes till the very end...be it Victory or Death."
,Recommended,248820,26946576,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,mr bones,Wish they've made some updates and DLC
76561198077233919,Recommended,248820,34624268,Posted: 30 August,all,no_profile_name_here,"Funny thing, somewhere between 800-900 barbed wires it will reset to 0.  So I'd just stick with 800."
76561198237726254,Recommended,248820,18692406,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,AschSamuraii,I like that it says mean stuff to me when i die.
,Recommended,248820,7740577,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Njae,"Holy crap, all that I can say. This is one hell of an addicting game and the music is just superb."
,Recommended,248820,7756614,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,𝑡𝑦𝑙𝑒𝑟 ☂,use a controller + magnifying glass
,Recommended,248820,9969712,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,ownosourus,"Risk of Rain might appeal to gamers who thrill over the challenge set forth by games like Demon’s Souls or FTL: Faster Than Light, but the uninitiated will find Risk of Rain hard to approach.Risk of Rain is a survival shooter featuring interesting mechanisms, where you will have to make quick decisions.The game is a lot of fun. Though it is held back by its technical faults , it has the right stuff to elicit the ""just one more run"" response that roguelike games are known for. With a little more polish, it could be truly great.Incredible work went into the design of almost every element of Risk of Rain, shame that the gameplay couldn't have been more inspired. [In the interest of accommodating it all, the awful maximum resolution and the tiny sprites are just about excused."
76561197991384013,Recommended,248820,31937989,Posted: 24 May,all,Andalouse,The risk of loving this game is 101%
76561198057779257,Recommended,248820,13493340,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Ge_org,"Dark Souls is difficult, isn't it?HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHANo."
,Recommended,248820,30250216,Posted: 28 February,all,archdeco,Don't you just love games where the object is to become so powerful that you can't even see your character during fights anymore
,Recommended,248820,24413331,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Rettungssocke,"One of the best Indie Games i ever played.Its a rogue-like game with a simple and short Story.You have a Cargo Ship which get shot,crashing on a mysterious Planet with one Survivor,you.At the beginning i didnt understand what to do,i was running and running,killing monsters till i got it.You start with one Character and find various Items with different effects.Theres alot of Items and Characters you have to unlock by doing tasks (killing enemies,collecting specific things or by simply finding them).The Levels are changing thanks to the rogue-like elements and so is the Experience.The longer you play a map,the more items you collect and the longer is the Run.Sometimes a run can go up to 2 hours or longer,it depends on you.You can set the difficulty by adding Relics which affects you,the maps and the enemy.I can recommend this game for any casual player or bored one.I bought this Game due a Sale,i dont regret it."
,Recommended,248820,14913137,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,MidnightCoffee,"8.5/10Pros:- Amazing gameplay- Unique playstyle for each character- Every item is unique in abilitys, effects, effects, and can change the outcome of a run- Every time you play this game, it's different.  This can vary by what character you select to what items you are lucky to get in the beginning- IT HAS MULTIPLAYER.  SHOOT THINGS WITH FRIENDS.  ♥♥♥♥ YES.Cons:- While this game has great replay ability, using the same characters causes for it to become boring.  Most characters are quite diffucult to ""get use to"" and are boring to play with at first.- You get bored of the bosses after awhile.  There are not many of them.- Most people are forced to look up guides to unlock characters.  I wish they had it to where the game could drop hints and give clues to how to unlock characters.  Overall, this decreases the enjoyment and reduces reasons to explore the stage."
76561198224904368,Recommended,248820,23513816,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Rukko,"I really enjoyed this game... Its a good game to add to your rogue-Like collection, and if you dont have a Rogue-Like collection then get the game and start one m8.."
76561198001125937,Recommended,248820,32355754,Posted: 11 June,all,Mantis Toboggan,"One life. Find the teleporter. It's kill or be killed.Risk of Rain takes 2D action platforming to the desolate vistas of a mysterious abandoned planet - and boy does it do it well. The game begins with a short cut-scene: An intergalactic cargo ship is sabotaged by a mysterious figure and the ensuing chaos releases an assortment of monsters from the broken shipping containers. After several explosions the whole flaming mess crashes into a nearby planet. And that's it. You're alone. Thrown in to a frightening world in which your tiny character is dwarfed by the stunning, bleak landscapes you fight for survival against increasingly overwhelming odds.Read my full reviewhere"
,Recommended,248820,23515025,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Zilexion,"I like this game, a lot. I know it’s not as polished as it could be. I know sometimes it glitches and you fall through the world. I know that having pixel for pixel really messes with camera placement and allows you to see past where the level was really meant to be viewed. I know it’s not perfectly balanced, and has ‘easy win’ strategies. However, I like this game. It’s challenging, it’s fun, it’s addicting. Playing as the different characters increases longevity, challenge artifacts increase longevity, and achievements increase longevity. The soundtrack has a very nice sound to it, it just exudes a kind of charm that I enjoy. Coming back to play a game or two every now and again is fun, I do recommend it if it looks like you'd enjoy it."
,Recommended,248820,15870597,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,はく ✿ しょう,"As one of my favorite games, Risk of Rain is highly recommended.Most modern gamers will be confused by the graphic, but honestly if this game is built 2.5D in Cry Engine your game will crash so bad, my point: the gameplay is the most important part you should be looking at. Risk of Rain can be very addicted, everytime you start from the beginning with default data and you work your way to become a badass and with the new (kind of new) artifacts system, this game generate so much varieties that I can not count. Basically you chose one of the unique characters blaze through every stage and stock items, level up and build up your character and the objective is to beat the final stage.One of the main features is the game's difficulty, it grows as the time pass. A decent gameplay management is required as the game can be tough to beat for a new player. RoR will keep surprising you with new contents (characters, items) that you will unlock, varieties tend to increase as you explore more. Which keep a well loop and create a high 'replayability'. RoR also contains several small secrets waiting for you to discover.I have seen people complaining about the multiplayer experience, which was tough to me as well. Since the developers of RoR are independent developers, a server can be luxury indeed. Simply learn how to port forwarding will be enough to host. No hamachi required, I can prove it myself but who ever is hosting need a decent internet efficiency.Despite lack of official server (some people actually host servers look it up), RoR is a pick up and play, rogue like action game, with very intriguing item and character design, and it is constantly updating. I can't illustrate how frustrated I feel when the game beat me and some ironic words pop out mocking my failure, or how awesome and satisfied it can be, when I beat the game with tons of items I collected. In other word RoR provide really nice difficulty options where things can get nasty require you to pay some attentions in order to beat it, or you can just sit back, relax, enjoy the show.If you are available to play co-op, co-op is not too different from single player, which just add some additional chaos on your screen. The soundtrack in RoR is another feature to enjoy, musics in the background certainly polish the game into a another level it is simply astonishing and perfect. You can find all the little details proving that there are people (devs) who care about their games, and it is tons of fun when you are relaxing and reading some introductions of the item you've been using in the game, as well as the monster logs. Sometimes the game can crash if data overloaded (because it's the nature of the game), or some minority bugs happen to get in your way but overall RoR is a must-have game, and trust me you need to go deeper to witness the sorrow of the rain.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Update: 2016/11/24It has been years when this game released. I really hope for a series or a huge update, from the bottom of my heart I wish these devs don't cool down this game. At last I hope RoR can get a reward."
76561198068648180,Recommended,248820,17677207,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Master of Suicide™,"A very challanging game at the beginning, but it´s fair and the gameplay is just perfect.Oh and after some time I even realised the amount of lore and detail put in there, to such a degree that I decided to make a Video about the Lore.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqwu95lWy6s"
,Recommended,248820,12845271,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Octagon,"Highly addicting platfomer roguelike game !The attention to smalest pixel details put into this game is awesome. You see from the animation of it especially the characters.*Character OptionsThere are different options of character that you can play and unlock along with your progress in game. Different character has different style of owning the game.*LootingLoot is the main element in this game, as you progress you can unlock even more loot. More and more until you become a demi-god , or not at all and you will die is shame.You die once and you start over from zero, while actualy you only need to finish 6 level ,which you will only be able to get through by dying over and over again until you can beat the game. And you can never have enough of it. Trust me.*AtmosphereThe music is good . It suits well with the game experience and overall character. The atmosphere of foreign planet and the mood of playing space-alien like game.*DificultiesAnother main aspect of this game is also that the dificulties will increase along with the time you play the game from the begining. So if you are not fast enough to gain level or loot, and the dificulties increase , be ready to have a really hard time.*Co-opThe good thing from Co-op is that you can owned the game with your friends. As much friend as you can , but the cons is that you have to share the amount of loot you get and that means you have to share your strength that you usually get when you play SOLO (where you can greedily have your own loot). But anyway playing this game with friends is really addicting.I am really hoping to see another sequel of this game if it were to be made . And i believe everybody will feel the same too."
,Recommended,248820,24557820,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Ness1228,"After getting 100% achievement completion, I still feel like I suck at this game.This game is hard for all the right reasons; you may feel limited at first (given how everything in this game is in-game achievement locked), but the game starts you out with the easiest-to-use character and a basic set of simple items that help ease you into how things work.The game says that it won't save your scores on the easy difficulty, but what it doesn't tell you is thatyou can still unlock things on the easier difficulty. Use this to your advantage and play on easy until you think you've gotten a feel for how the game handles (as well as unlocking a few things in the process), then put the game back on its regular difficulty setting and proceed to get obliterated in a brutal fashion.For extremely skilled players (or masochists), there's even a hard difficulty setting, as well as collectible 'artifacts' that can be toggled to make the game even harder (or easier in a few cases).This game is completely playable without a guide. However, should one feel inclined to seek advice (which is very likely), there aremanyhelpful guides written by other players that go in detail about combat strategies, how to unlock things, and even just general advice for beginners and veteran players alike.In conclusion, Risk of Rain is a 2D platformer where you're constantly fighting for your life while scavenging the land for items that passively improve your combat abilities in every way, ultimately reaching the end where the final boss is the only thing standing in your way between you and freedom. Good luck."
76561198077300219,Recommended,248820,29763082,Posted: 7 February,all,xylophone0,"First you die fighting ocean bugs.Then flying robot bugs.But after 50 hours, your greatest enemies are the bugs in the code.- Bugs/10 -On a more serious note, this game is one of my favorite rogue-lites. A very fun and challenging game, though you *might* have to deal with some annoying bugs, including:1) the occasional crash2) getting stuck in the ground until you mash enough buttons to escape . . .These glitches don't seem to happen to everyone, but be mentally prepared just incase.I think this game is worth $10 but it's often on sale for $2.50, so I highly recommend it if you're into the genre."
,Recommended,248820,31091963,Posted: 11 April,all,colorz.,"Okay, why should you get this game even when it's just ""another 2d platform shooter""Hours and hours of contentHidden little things that keep the game intriguingBoss fights are awesomeAmazing soundtrack and sound designUnique playable characters and unlockablesBeautiful level design and pixel artDifficulty levels are not a joke"
,Recommended,248820,33059890,Posted: 30 June,all,Erbo,Great game. Great music. Great items. Great game.
,Recommended,248820,22821043,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Ebola Knight,"Risk of Rain, a great rogue-like filled with action packed fun that gets harder as time progresses. Each level has different kinds of mob spawns depending on the region/map type. Difficult , but not impossible, to beat solo. Great co-op play. The artifact system brings you back and alters each playthough heavily.Pros:-Runs on potatoes (lower fps on co-op due to explosions/extra rendering)-Great soundtrack-Great controlls-Large character selection and unlocking new characters-Replayability is good, but semi repetative if you're bad at unlocking characters.Cons:-More expensive than your mom-Difficult to stay alive as certain classes (Git Gud)-Co-Op doesn't have servers to connect to, making finding a co-op partner slightly harder.Graphics/Artwork: 9/10Sound/Audio: 9.5/10Controlls/Mechanics: 8/10Replayability: 7.5/10Overall: 9/10gud game."
,Recommended,248820,8403029,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Moobeat,"I highly recommend Risk of Rain - very fun roguelike featuring several classes with four abilities each, difficult scaling up based on time played per run ( do I collect loot and make next level harder or rush to keep the last level easier ) , up to four player co op, wonderful art style, and killer sound track. My only note of warning is that it takes a little getting used to on the keyboard vs a game pad.To expand a bit on the class options, here are three examples:Commando: First class everyone has access to, others are unlocked as you play and progress, find them in levels, or unlock achievements. Basic attack is a ""double tap"" shot with his pistol and other abilities are: piercing knock back burst of bullets, a roll that lets you escape / pass through enemies quicikly, and his ""ultimate "" ( longer cd then rest ) ability is a rapid fire of abilites that stun nearby enemies.Enforcer: Very stocky character. His basic attack is a short range shot gun blast then he also has a shield slam that knocks enemies back, a defensive stance that blocks all damage from a certain direction, and his ultimate type ability is a stun grenade.Bandit: Basic attack is a normal rifle blast. Has a dynamite toss ability that does aoe damage, a smoke bomb that stealths him and stuns when he comes out of stealth, and his ultimate is a big headshot that does oodles of damage and resets his other abilities if it kills an enemy.It's a really fun system to me rather than Rogue Legacy where your abilities are like magic and auto attack. Some of the other classes include a sniper, engineer fellow with turrets and missiles, an acid beast, and more!"
,Recommended,248820,22768478,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Snakey,"Cheaper than crack, and you get more out of it11/10 would risk the rain again"
,Recommended,248820,10583798,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Kuebic,"As random as Binding of Isaac and forgiving as Dark Souls, this game is not for the weak.If you accept the challenge, march forth."
,Recommended,248820,9019273,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Bandit Pants,Hours upon hours of amazing gameplay. Incredible re-playability. The co-op is intense. The acheivements are addicting and challenging. The art style is epic. I really have nothing but amazing things to say about Risk of Rain. Definitely worth adding to your games list. 12/10-Bandit
,Recommended,248820,25626940,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,SylpheedDashstep,"This is like Dark Souls. If Dark Souls was still fun. And 2-D. And was a roguelike. And difficult as ♥♥♥♥. You know, maybe it's not actually like Dark Souls and people should stop comparing every game to Dark Souls."
,Recommended,248820,22260875,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Lavos,"Risk of rain is a simplistic yet intruiging indie game with a lot to it.It's minimalist approach to a rogue-like is unique. Risk of Rain's seemingly simple exterior leaves you with a burning passion to explore every thing this piece has to offer. It's cruel, that's for sure, but this game is extremely fun, especially when you pace yourself and ensure that you're taking your time to get everything right. There's a number of playable characters, each offering their own way of playing this gem. Some of the unlocks, however, aren't the clearest on how it is to be done, leaving you with the shame of having to resort to the internet to find out what's next. Overall, Risk of Rain is an austere piece of somewhat savage software that'll lure you in with it's gorgeous art style and strike you with it's moderately high difficulty curve. For any fans of the rogue-like genre, this is a definate pick-up."
,Recommended,248820,10202581,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Social Commander,"This is my second favorite game of all time! (in this genre)First is a quite similar game, Bruce Lee on the C-64. :Dhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHzW7T-bwBcor Turrican, also on C-64. ^^https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFQe2BnA9_k"
76561198272574599,Recommended,248820,23809656,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,LOADING,"Good indie game, best played with friends"
76561198060378818,Recommended,248820,21340906,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,[AA] Bluesky,"If you progress too fast in the game, you will dieIf you progress too slowly, you will dieIf you don't move for more than 10 sec, you will dieIf you move too much and don't hit ennemies you will dieIf you don't spend your money you will dieIf you spend your money too fast you will die10/10 died a lot (and will die again)Awesome soundtrack - Awesome graphics - Awesome game"
,Recommended,248820,25277499,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,/ss/,"Cloudy, with a chance of losing your social life."
,Recommended,248820,32871588,Posted: 27 June,all,BuddhaBoy,"One of my now all time favourite games. Easy to sink some time into and can be great fun when all powered up! Lack of simple multiplayer options does hold it back somewhat.The art style is fantastic and the game runs equally well on my 6 year old rubbish laptop and high end gaming PCs.The game gets extremely tense and even harder the more time you spend on your characters story. Leveling up is a joy and grabbing those sweet, sweet power ups is even better. But my favourite? The drones. Cultivating an army of them and just decimating minions and bosses alike.I rate this game very highly."
,Recommended,248820,18080285,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,glugplug,man I got an egg that healed megame is eggcelent
76561197967692485,Recommended,248820,20583460,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,^___^,"Risk of Raincould have been just another action rogue-like. What truly sets it apart is the inclusion of a time-based difficulty meter, which turns it into a rather intense survival game.The goal of every level is as follows: look for a giant shiny red teleporter, then trigger it and survive waves of enemy spawns for a set amount of time (90 seconds on Normal mode). After the timer runs out, kill any remaining opponents and you can finally teleport to the next level. When you've completed five levels, you're given the option to teleport to the final stage or to revisit the previous ones.This simple concept forces you to constanly find the right balance between rushing and exploring: you want to make the most of every level in terms of upgrades, but hang around for too long and the ever-increasing difficulty meter will make you pay. A typical playthrough can last an hour or more; and if you happen to die, no extra lives or continues: you're starting over.The rogue-like elements are on point, with dozens of interesting items to discover and unlock as well as twelve character classes with very specific gameplay twists. Once unlocked, you can also choose to enable up to ten artifacts which alter the gameplay in a significant way. While not fully randomized, each stage has several different possible layouts which ensures every playthrough feels somewhat different.A huge selling point for me was the option to play the game in local/online coop. Couch coop is great fun and quite playable, only requiring the players to stay relatively close to each other. Online coop gives the players more freedom and, for the most part, works very well; however, certain items (Chargefield) and possibly characters have a tendency to cause game-ending crashes.This brings me to the flaws ofRisk of Rain: a somewhat less polished technical side seems to be causing consistent problems for some users. Aside from very minor issues, it has been totally fine on my end (and the same goes for my friends), but I would definitely recommend testing the game as soon as you purchase it, and being ready to request a refund if you can't get it to work. A couple other nitpicks: the interface is rather bland and the platforming - not a huge part of the game, thankfully - can be infuriating.On a more positive note again, the pixel art is quite decent, and the lore that unfolds through the monster and item logs paints a convincing universe. Last but not least, the soundtrack isamazing- whether you end up playing the game or not, you'll definitely want to check it out if you enjoy nice things.tl;dr: a great blend of (hardcore) rogue-like and survival to enjoy on your own or with selected friends. Excellent replay value for the price."
,Recommended,248820,15418404,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Daniel@BlueBottleGames,"This one got under my skin, especially once I discovered a character that resonated with my play style.It's a hard game, and you'll spend a lot of time failing. Sometimes due to lack of skill or coordination, and sometimes due to randomness working against you.But when it works, and especially when you find a character that you enjoy playing, man...it'll take you far."
76561198050441477,Recommended,248820,25085712,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Cynic,"And so they left, covered in barbed wire."
,Recommended,248820,12245469,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,TheLegendaryLime,"Action Platformer + Rogueliike elements = Risk of Rain,""Time consuming yet rewarding, keyboard/gamepad smashing fun!""Pros:-To start off the classes are all different which makes them unique, picture this ten different classes that each provide a different way to take on your journey through your fight on a mysterious planet.-Now throw in a bunch of items (100+) which mix up/throw off your game? Sounds interesting, doesn't it? Depending on which items you get you could have a easy time playing or a difficult time playing.-A whole new game every time you click that start game button on the menu screen.Cons:-Some of the achievements for both the characters and for steam require some bit of coop (makes it difficult for those who don't have a internet connection)-Coop is a bit weird (requires an outside program to host servers for example: evolve, hamachi)All in all, Risk of Rain is a very time consuming game that rewards the player for their handwork and struggle through the mysterious planet. I must say that for the price it's listed at currently $9.99, it is totally worth it and I would recommend that if you have $10 lying around to pick it up and give it a try!"
,Recommended,248820,23236115,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Eane,"Awesome with friendsAwesome aloneAwesome on keyboardAwesome with controllerThis game will suck your time out and make your fingers hurt from smashing that attack button because obviously you hit harder when you press harder. And don't question the story this game tells in the background if sanity and peace of mind is what you like. Really, don't go deep into it. You'll never think of those poor Lemurians the same way you did before."
,Recommended,248820,28729445,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Black Puppet,"Disclaimer: Not everything in this Review is said on a serious note. Some things are jokes and I hope these are obvious enough.Risk of Rain fails for me as a actual Rougelike. Not that it cannot be classified as one, but the feeling overall just does not fit. If you are here and expect a game that is fast and deadly, dont buy this game. This game relies purely on you, how you react ingame and how fast you can spam the jump button.Risk of Rain, is a platformer based on the roguelike concept. Your main task is to find a teleporter to reach the next world. And this task continues in said world, until you reach the end. In these worlds themself you will have to fight aliens that teleport in, sent in by the villain (or at the very least that is my theory as to how they get there).  These aliens then drop experience and currency. Currency which you can use on the various crates and shrines. Even random cryostasis chambers are there to provide you with items, should you have the currency for it. And if you should find a broken drone, it can be repaired with your currency just as well.But of course that is not all to the game. The crates, shrines and stasischambers contain items that, similar to ""The Binding of Isaac"" give you passiv and active abilities. Some allow you to gain health while damaging your enemies. Others  will make your overall health grow as you kill. Then again another ability grants you a double jump. And here comes the best about this: The abilities can stack when you find the same item you carry with you. A double jump transforms into a triple jump. You gain more health when you damage enemies. You get more max health when you kill. But of course, these are just the buffs. There are items you can use activly in combat. One of my personal favorites is the saw-blade. It does a massive amount of damage and can kill entire lines of enemies in one shot, in the earlier stages of the game.But now the game gets hard. Actually, it is hard from the get go. You look at the little bar on the top right and you see your impending doom slowly but surely rising to the top. Why? Because this game does it differently to others. Of course, you can choose between easy, medium and hard. But these only depict as to how hard the enemies are to kill and how many of them will spawn (and how fast they spawn). And this only gets worse the longer you play. As the longer you play, the difficulty rises. It begins with a stroll in the park and ends up in hell. And there is no way to avoid it, unless you do a speedrun of the game. Which is also not that easy as the teleporter is randomly generated on the pre-set worlds. Knowing how the world looks may help, but not knowing where the teleporter is, does not. And in the end it is a literally a maze where one turn can let you end up in a place that throws you out and you need to continue to search for the right path all over again.And as if it wasnt enough already that the game gets harder by the minute, that the landscape is kind of like a maze and that the teleporter spawns randomly, there are bosses as well. And they are not easy to kill. They can move and attack, just like the regular enemies can. Some are easy to cheesy (or in other words; Some cant get up a ledge and can be killed from above without being able to attack you.) and others will simply fly towards you to get the kill. Others have an AOE to make sure that you are not safe on that elevated platform of yours and others again will be able to teleport towards you to kill you right quick.But if you have done it all, gotten through all the teleporters, you will end up in the main ship. The one you were dropped off of in a capsule. And here is the main villain as well. But how do you reach him? Do the same thing you did before, but this time a bit different. Instead of finding the teleporter, you need to find the keypads infront of the doors. This will then again spawn in a bunch of enemies and at this point in time, surely a few bosses as well. And if you made it through all of it: The grand finale awaits.- Authors Note -Why did I say that this game fails as a Roguelike for me even if it can be classified as one?I experienced Roguelike games, and love them dearly. But one aspect was very important every time. And that little aspect is: You are never safe. But of course this is way to broad so let me explain:In the very flagships of Roguelike, which are ""The Binding of Isaac"": ""Enter the Gungeon"" and ""Nuclear Throne"", you could die as quick as you began to play the game, if you were not carefull enough. Die and lose it all, at any given point in time. The gameplay was quick, had you on your toes at all times possible and killed you as fast as it could. One of the most important things was that it didnt, unless you had found an ability or a health pack, give you any health back. A little detail that makes the games much harder and challenging.But in Risk of Rain this does not stand true. The very first thing that makes a roguelike, a rougelike is that you are never safe unless you cleared out the room or floor. In Risk of Rain however you can activate the teleporter, let the enemies spawn until its done and if you feel overwhelmed you can rope up and take a break and wait until your health returns to charge right back into battle.And that is what bores me about this game. I played all three of the mentioned Roguelikes and I have been frustrated. The more I played them, the more I raged. The more I failed, the more I wanted to wish hell and death on the devs for creating this piece of garbage. But after I calmed down I loved every second of what I experienced it. I guess I am a gaming masochist but still. And that is something, this game does not provide.This game is a stroll in the park no matter how high your difficulty is. You can get out of every situation with literally every character. The first one is actually the easiest. A dodgeroll helps you get out of the situation with immunity frames, you go up the rope and Boom: You are safe. But in a true Roguelike, you are never safe. You are never free from simply dodging damage unless it has to do with you actually dodging the damage. Which is absolutely possible in a 2D topdown roguelike. But not in 2D platformer roguelike. Only if you actually spam jump or dodgeroll, you can get out with no damage at all.So, do I think that Risk of Rain is a good game?- YesDo I think that Risk of Rain is a good Roguelike?- NoShould you buy it?- Yes"
,Recommended,248820,12643315,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Mister B,Forgot to review this game: It's a pretty hard game with various of characters to choose from with their own unique abillities. You get money from killing mobs and with that money you can buy random generated items or open chests for items to get stronger with unique abillities. The game gets harder the longer you're playing it so don't slack off and get going!
76561198000047292,Recommended,248820,10408920,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,FearNoEvil,RISK OF RAIN IS LOVE. RISK OF RAIN IS LIFE.
76561198080653226,Recommended,248820,29774933,Posted: 7 February,all,Portalhat,"This has consistently been one of my favorite games of all time to sit down and kill a few hours with or without a friend. I give this a game a well deserved 10/10 for amazing gameplay, awesome dark souls-like story telling and just general enjoyment."
,Recommended,248820,20109937,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Mikoto',Better The Binding of Isaac10/10
,Recommended,248820,31963916,Posted: 25 May,all,AlphaQ117 | CSGORoll.com,I was really skeptical at first and did not know wheter or not i wanted to buy this game. After a while i got bored and bought if for 2.50...BEST DECISION EVER. This game is absolutely amazing!- Immersive soundtrack- Simple controls- Peer-to-peer connection- hours of fun gameplay- Challenging- Pixel Graphics- WAY BETTER WITH FRIENDS
76561198146473335,Recommended,248820,22804804,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Casper The Friendly Derp,This game is amazing! Even after unlocking everything it still never gets old!
,Recommended,248820,29852899,Posted: 11 February,all,rekt,pew pew
76561198143235125,Recommended,248820,28281441,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Johanes,DLCs Please! This game is awesome
,Recommended,248820,19379410,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Pak RT,"""Oh yeah I just gotta find the teleporter""*Activated teleporter*""HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥WTF IS THAT !??? OH I SHOULD ONLY SURVIVE FOR 90 SECONDS ?""*Haul♥♥♥♥♥for 90 seconds*Defeat the remaining enemies&quot♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;*Died from the floating jellyfishes*You died in a slightly embarassing way""Well ♥♥♥♥ YOU TOO GAME!""*Keeps on playing*"
,Recommended,248820,25700076,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Yevgenos,"Risk of Rain is a 2d platform rogue-like shooter with an increasing difficulty level that goes up according to time spent while playing: the longer your session - the harder it gets.Prepare to die.A lot.The game is not as easy as one might expect.Right off the bat you are put in a situation where a space cargo ship, UES Contact Light, in which you happen to be in, crashes on a hostile planet.You have 12 characters, all of which require you to do specific objectives ingame (beat the game on the hardest difficulty level, kill 3 specific bosses, obtain specific item combination.)Each character packs a four pack of abilities (So you will find the one that suits you)At the begining you have your first, already unlocked character - The Commando(My favourite of the whole shebang).A very versatile character that can handle most situations flawlessly.While playing, you collect items, scattered through chests that fell off the ship and shrines, that can require either your health or your money.Every item is a unique game changer. One can place fungus that heals you if you stand still for a few seconds, one amplifies your shots with bonus explosive damage, one can stop time when your health goes to a critical level and one item even gives you a second chance in case you die.The more items you get, the more powerful you become, and if you stack up items ( get more and more of the same one) the effect and amplification level increases (although some items have a limit on how many times the effect will improve).At the end of the game, each character has a different outcome. (They are really spine-chillin if you think of em afterwards) Here's the one of the Commando:""...and so he left, witheverythingbut his humanity.""The game also has multiplayer (online and locally).It can be a pain in the a$$ to get it working (it requires hamachi or tungle to work) but once you do, it is a whole lot more fun to beat the game with friends and die together :)P.SThere are artifacts, hidden throughout some levels, that change the game completely.One can give you the ability to choose a specific item of your choice instead of getting a random one, one will spawn a specific boss every 10 minutes and one will spawn only one random enemy type per stage. Great for making the game more customizable and can help you unlock characters. (But don't overuse them or the game loses the fun behind it)Overall Scores:Gameplay- 10/10Story - 8/10 (requires you to collect monster logs and even then it is mosly lore since characters do not speak here)Replayability - 10/10Multiplayer (once set) - 9/10Final Verdict:9/10TLDR:2d rogue like dark souls in space."
,Recommended,248820,31029933,Posted: 8 April,all,BadaBomb,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing insane.The difficulty curve is steeper than the Matterhorn, and there's so many items and achievements it's impossible to keep track of them all.And after 40 minutes you're going to get your♥♥♥♥♥repeatedly handed to you.No exceptions.If you call yourself a decent gamer, then I challenge you to last an hour playing this.Also the music is incredible, but you can't hear it over the nonstop shooting and getting überslapped by at least 20 things at once."
,Recommended,248820,22656414,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,SpiritKitty,"This game is amazing. It one of if not my favorite game on steam. The gameplay is lots of fun you get to unlock different characters, items and artifacts. The game has excellent music and a different style of pixly grapics. Althogh controls can be a bit hard to use, I would recomend using a steam controller or similar. I will admit I did buy the game on sale for $2.99.Pro's-Music-Ghrapics-Statistics(more than most games)-Lots of different characters-Local Co-Op(online doesn't work)Con's-Lag(usually only when you have a lot of ennimes and your attack trigers severel effects.)-Unusally addicting-Loss of sleep$ Value: $10.51Replay value: 9/10Overall: 11/10 ~ worth every cent."
76561198087570173,Recommended,248820,25668142,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Amazing Name,it never rainedrekt
,Recommended,248820,13118345,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Subway Addiction,They have aghanim scepter in this game10/10
,Recommended,248820,13151284,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Cloud,"It said ""lol get rekt"" when I died.  9/11 would get rekt again."
,Recommended,248820,11222967,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Litagano Motscoud,"At some point in your playthroughs, you stop gauging your damage output from the damage numbers themselves, and gauge it from thenumberof numbers on screen."
,Recommended,248820,11609635,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,MaximumXLR8,Risk of Rain hurts you because it loves you.
,Recommended,248820,8198495,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,iPhon e,The soul reason for this game to exist is so it can kill you over and over again and IT'S GREAT!
,Recommended,248820,9484476,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Seededacorn,Got♥♥♥♥♥♥on by electric 200 foot long worm. 10/10
76561198087584447,Recommended,248820,23904852,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Big Boss,I have played this game a lot and I have to say its amazing if this game is on sale buy it if it isn't on sale buy it.This game is fairly easy once you learn the controls and how to prioritize your time because when playing on harder difficulties time management becomes important because as you spend more time in game the difficulty increases and if you spend too much time grabbing items you will eventually die. But once you get to a certain point you can literally stand go pop some popcorn grab a coke (or some Mtn Dew if U MLG) and watch as your enemies fall before you and you start raking in the dough. One thing that I do not like about this game though is the local co-op. While it is fun to play the screen doesn't split so when you try to go away from your partner you can't see yourself. So I would like to see a dynamic split screen  where when go farther away from your partner  the screen splits in half between you and when you get close enough you share the same screen (kinda like the new lego games). This small adittion and being able to see your items while playing co-op would make the game much more fun to playTLDR: This game is awesome buy it
,Recommended,248820,12242493,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,brutalcumpowder,"Could be optimized better, but a fantastic 2d co-op action game."
,Recommended,248820,9062068,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Meowkie,"A lonely atmosphere. A struggle to survive. A breathtaking soundtrack.These are things to expect from Risk of Rain. I personally haven't experienced all there is in the game, but I've put enough time into it to confidently say that this game is something special, something we need to see more of.The story is found throughout the world and through the items you find. Nothing's completely concrete, and the speculation can be fun. At least, I find it fun.As a roguelike, you're punished on death, forced to start anew every time. The different classes and randomized map rotation, as well as some variables per map, allow the game to never quite be the same with each run through.The music, though? Glorious. That's my special word for special things. This game touched all the right notes for the soundtrack and has launched itself into my top favorites. And that's tough.The gameplay itself is hectic and fun as hell. Each class can handle each situation differently, although some can do so better than others. I personally like to use the Sniper. It's all about finding the right class for you.Overall, the game was done very well with just the right amount of everything a game needs. Platformers your thing? Roguelikes your masochistic desire? What the ♥♥♥♥ are you waiting for?"
,Recommended,248820,25349349,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Suncake,"At first, I didn't get it, the game seemed boring, and I couldn't keep up with the increasing difficulty, so I played other stuff. After some time I decided to give it another try, and you know, it turned out pretty good.The gameplay is slow-paced at the beginning and winds up quickly. Your character is clunky and weak, but you won't notice as they become a rocket spitting hybring of a wrecking ball and a shredder. You also won't notice as time passes by, as you're already an hour in game, flying around and greedy for more power-ups. They are fully random, so your progress may be easier or harder from session to session - all depends on your luck.I also have to note the soundtrack. It's really beautiful and charming, one of the best game soundtracks I know, and it fits the game just well.Though I usually play with the music of my own choice, which is mostly assorted metal"
,Recommended,248820,13856453,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,s.I.I.d,"This game has the right amount of struggle, and a minimal amount of crap. I would recommend this to anyone seeking a decent challenge, and doesn't want to spend a ton of money.10/10"
76561198032682966,Recommended,248820,24805372,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Anorax Xarona,"You want a hard as balls platformer with genuinely fun gameplay, as well as Binding of Issac style pickups and unlockables?  Buy this game.It has thoroughly beaten me up and taken my lunch money on more than one occasion.  It will punish you, and you will enjoy it. Because you will restart, determined to do better than the previous attempt.  It is extremely addicting, and as such, is fun as hell.Every class has a unique style to them. Each has a TOTALLY different method of traversing maps, taking advantage of terrain features, and destroying enemies in your path. I love it. A LOT of unrecognized love was clearly put into this game, and a lot of love has already been recognized.Get bored of the game for a bit? Burn out?  Read the enemy and item descriptions as you unlock them.Graphics: 2D. 9/10 for the little details, love'm.Sound: 8/10.  Some sounds are piddly, most are pretty great.Music: 10/10.  The music in this game will pull you INTO this game. It's repetitive game music, but it still has made some games intense as all hell.Story: Uh... there is a story... right. 2/10, I forgot about it, but it is relatively unimportant to the gameplay to be honest, which is never something I thought I'd say.Gameplay: 10/10. Your mistakes are your fault.  If you die, it is because you have not yet reached the appropriate level of 'git gud'. Your mistimed jumps, misfired shots, and hestitation can and frequently DO get you killed. This is quite a skillful game, and is a lot of effort to actually stay alive.Learn the characters, find out which one you like, then forget about it because you need to use all the characters to unlock all the things.  I fell in love with this game very quickly, and it is a great way to spend either five minutes, or an hour, depending on how lucky you are that time.Pro Tip:  The Engineer is the best class. ;)"
,Recommended,248820,12283781,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Paladin,"Risk of Rain is a beautifuly made game with 12 unique classes that all have different play styles.Along with many secrets this is also a completionist's game as there are many items, monster logs and achievementsWould HIGHLY recommend those who enjoyed the Binding of Isaac (also rebirth) and/or shooting/platformer games with perma-death and rogue-like elements.But this is just my opinion... Don't let me be the determinating factor in your love/hate for this game."
,Recommended,248820,32649594,Posted: 22 June,all,The Shotgun Monkey,This is one of the best games I have ever played buy it.
,Recommended,248820,7794466,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Gunderson Mallard,"I had been meaning to write this review for a long time now, but I couldn’t stop playing this game long enough to do it. Roguelikes and roguelike elements have been trending lately, and that’s not necessarily a bad thing. Risk of Rain houses a great challenge and addictive gameplay.Risk of Rain requires skill, reflexes, and luck to beat. Every character feels very distinct and they are all fun to play. Each character has four skills, three of which have cool downs, which you have to manage in order to survive. Damage comes in percents and the numbers get high.  Along with number crunching, the randomized items are an essential part of the game. These stackable items provide a number of bonuses, passive and active, that make survival possible.It is hard to describe what makes this game so intense and rewarding.  Difficulty increases as time goes on, so it becomes a tradeoff between risk and reward. Fully exploring a level could result in multiple boss spawns and death by elite level creatures, but rushing through the levels could leave you underpowered and lacking items. Your main objective is to find the teleporter in each level, but its location is randomized each time. Your starting point, chest placement, bosses, items, and overall location are all randomized as well. The intensity of the game never lets up because of the increasing difficulty, and it will take the right items and movements to beat the game. However, every playthrough feels like it’s teaching you something different: you will start to learn the layout of levels, the quickest routes, the main teleporter locations, and so on.If learning isn’t reward enough there are also plenty of unlockables. Besides the nine characters that need to be unlocked, there are a ton of items as well. These are all unlocked in a variety of ways that can make for some interesting challenges on top of the base game. Playing by yourself is great, but this is also a great local or online co-op experience, because teamwork is essential.Outside of the base game there are some logs and statistics to look through. While the item log seems to be less serious, the monster log provides some neat insight into the monsters of the game. The statistics page on the other hand, provides interesting insight into yourself and how much of problem this game has made out of your free time.Risk of Rain is hard to put down. The art and music are both really great, and the game feels solid and rewarding."
,Recommended,248820,13487804,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,lol im white,"This game is always fun to play no matter what you are doing. Supposed to be studying for a test? Play Risk of Rain. In class? Play Risk of Rain. At a funeral? Play risk of rain.In all seriousness, Risk of Rain or RoR is a 2D side-scrolling rouge-like game where you fight unlimited and countless enemies to uprgrade and customize your character to survive the crazy world. There are multiple different classes of characters with unique abilities that set them apart from eachother. The world is always different through every play through of the game so it never gets old.There are random chests placed throughout the world that you open with money earned from killing enemies that give you upgrades or items that help you survive. The twist is once you die you die forever. You have to see how long you can manage to live and possibly beat the game if you are good enough but the game is VERY challenging.There are also acheivments and leaderboards in game and on steam that help you keep track of how good or terrible you are at the game.The game also offers an online co-op mode that you can play with up to four friends to help against the harsh enemies and worlds you explore.Conclusion: RoR is a rouge like adventure game that never gets old and is very addicting to the point were it can ruin your life.I would buy this game at full price so if it is on sale it is definitely a steal."
,Recommended,248820,17038841,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Argeon,"A gem that, although not under-rated, is definitely under-recognized. A platformer with simple mechanics, but hours of fun and a constant sense of urgency, as the longer the game progresses, the harder it gets.It works wonders as a time-waster, as it provides fantastic solo and co-op play. There's a sense of progression, as you constantly unlock new characters, new items, entries, find secretsdancing aliens at the very last level was the coolest one I've found yet!, and loads more.Honestly, if you enjoy platforms with simple but difficult to master gameplay, stop reading this review immediately and purchase this♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's top-tier.9/10"
,Recommended,248820,8892733,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,[F!] Aldershot,"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b06kref4afIThis is my video impressions of the game ""Risk of Rain""I enjoy this game a lot. It's one of the more action based games with rogue lite elements. Wonderfully stylized and responsive controls. The game play and mechanics scream for replays for hours.In the video above I show examples of game play and describe it's mechanics and why this game is worth your money."
,Recommended,248820,10828354,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Tenant,"The risks are high in Risk of Rain, where the risk of danger and the imminent risk of dangerous alien life increases the risk of survival. It's a risky business made riskier when you account for the risk of time, which will gradually increases the risk to die as the game becomes more risky; a risqué move by the developers, but it was a risk worth taking.If you're a risk-taker that can enjoy the riskiness of a good riskily-made risk that is this game, than take a risk and buy this game; you'll run into the risk of having fun."
,Recommended,248820,10106726,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Spooky Shmoogy™,"It may, or may not rain in this game. But there is always a risk of it."
,Recommended,248820,7985773,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,JackyFrost,Balls to wall hardcore game.
,Recommended,248820,8566014,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,[GWJ] Lobster Mobster,"A lot of people say co-op is the way to play this game, but I've been having a lot of fun with it solo.  It's very deep and engaging, and once you've put some time into it it'll get its ""one more run"" hooks into you deep.  The problem is it doesn't put its best foot forward and it doesn't really teach you what to look for.  The starting class, the Commando, is straight forward but his dodge ability takes a lot of time to really master.  The second class, the Enforcer, is great for multiplayer but a little too slow and plodding for solo.  I've found that the most interesting classes unlock through random event spawns in the later levels, but they're either out of the way or blend with the rest of the scenery so that you need to be right on top of them to get the button prompt and realize they're actually gameplay elements.If you want to have fun solo with this game, my recommendation is that you set it to easy, unlock all of the classes, and then play it on normal."
,Recommended,248820,10404279,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Victor™,Risk of Addiction.one of the BEST indies out there!
,Recommended,248820,12373380,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,NoSkillWill,"Risk of Rain is a level-based, rogue-like platformer that is several large boats full of action-packed fun. You land on an alien planet, perform diplomacy incredibly poorly by shooting everything you see until it explodes into the planet's currency, buy random loot, kill bosses and move on. Each runthrough is nicely randomized based on the loot you pick up and the character you select, and each character is well rounded with a MOBA-style 3 moves and 1 ultimate ability to help you get sh*t done. Platforming handles beautifully, all non-tank characters have movement abilities to make traversing the desolate environments flow nicely and last but not least, playing with friends is fantastic.Yes, It's a good game, 10/10 would reccomend, but it isn't perfect. The main issue I have with risk of rain is the time limit. Let me elaborate by saying that RoR doesnt really have a time limit; it simply gets harder for every 5 minutes of playtime. ""but a game would be boring if it didnt get harder as you progress"" I hear you bleat. Of course difficulty curve is important, but RoR literally gets harder the LONGER you play, rather than the further you get. You are rewarded for finishing the level as fast as you possibly can, which effectively penalizes exploration of the level. The more you d*ck around, the less likely you are to win. I, personally, do not consider this fun. The entire point is to prohibit players from collecting every possible upgrade and stop them from screwing the difficulty curve by farming early levels for gold and experience, but since experience increases exponentially as you progress and you lose all your money when you go up a level, I still fail to see the point of this gameplay tactic. I don't enjoy feeling rushed when I sit down to play a game.The only other major issue with RoR is that some enemies take WAY too much firepower to bring down. This small annoyance is compounded by the fact that you're on a clock. Playing this game, you will come to resent the tanky enemies so much for screwing up your perfect run. They aren't a challenge, they're not HARD to bring down, but you still need to and doing so is a CHORE. Eventually, as you play, you'll unlock a ""relic"" which allows you to start a new run with -90% health and 10x damage. This feels like the way the game was MEANT to be played, and when you get this extra the game becomes so unbelievably more playable you'll wonder aloud why it wasn't available from the FREAKING START!Risk of Rain is one of the better rogue-likes on the steam market, and I highly reccomend that you give it a go. Good luck trying to get multiplayer to work though!"
,Recommended,248820,8596416,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Clowhdd,"Should I get this game? How does it play? Does it keep me entertained? How about the music? The effects? Are those good too?Yes, yes they are.I didn't know about Risk of Rain until very recently, and its a damn shame I didn't find it sooner. This is without a doubt one of the best games I have ever played, and that's no exaggeration. The combat, the items, and the levels all feel just right. I can't describe it in any other way than just ""right"" but you'll see if you decide to spend your money on this masterpiece. The progression system is very nice. You start off with only one class, and that's the Commando. If played right, he is probably the easiest character to beat the game with, and again, that's something you find out very quickly upon playing. Through playing, you can unlock the other nine classes, The Enforcer, The Bandit, The Huntress, HAN-D, The Engineer, The Miner, The Sniper, Acrid, and The Mercenary. Each of these classes has skills completely unique to them and each class also has its own stat progression, such as health, armor, and damage. Some classes are definately more powerful than others, but not so much more powerful as that you feel the need to only play one class. Personally, I think that the two most powerful are The Mercenary, who you get for beating the game five times, and The Huntress, who you get for finding 15 monster logs, which drop at random.The multiplayer is still a work in progress, and is currently extremely difficult to get working properly. I can't wait for the final product to be released and enjoy co-op with ease.Risk of Rain is a very refreshing title that comes at a nifty price tag of $10, although I wouldn't hesistate to pay $30 or more for it. It is utterly flawless down to the very last pixel, and for that, has earned its place among my personal top 10 games list.Final Score- 10/10"
,Recommended,248820,7841647,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,t0rchic,"Binding of Isaac and Terraria had a baby, Spelunky and Touhou had a baby, and those babies had a baby. This baby, through sheer chromosomal luck, has none of the bad qualities of its parents.That's right. With a Binding of Isaac unlock and generation system, Terraria's combat with a level-up system, Spelunky's sheer difficulty (and to an extent mechanics), and Touhou's blatantly colorful spam, I recommend this to anyone who enjoys a good 'ol Nintendo hard experience. Easily becoming one of my all-time favorite games as I play it more and more. Oh, and it has multiplayer in the Borderlandsy style of ""HAHA, HAVING A SECOND PERSON ONLY MAKES YOUR SUFFERING WORSE!"" if that's your kind of thing (I'm lonely and have no friends so I don't actually get to experience that.)"
,Recommended,248820,32743748,Posted: 24 June,all,Delision,Best rogue-like I've ever played.
,Recommended,248820,12619676,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Above,"I previously didn't like this game that much, mostly because it ran at a glorious 5fps and it took over an hour to finish a single stage. The recent patch has made the game run at constant 60fps, even on my terrible dualcore/integrated graphics laptop. Completely loving the experience now that I can properly play it. Also, holy crap is it ever difficult now that the game is no longer played in super slow motion.If you're looking for a game to put pressure on you, challenge you, but do it in a controlled and fair way, that you can replay endlessly, Risk of Rain is a sure thing. Especially if you also dig games like The Binding of Isaac and are looking for something more heavy on the action."
,Recommended,248820,9070641,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Skulldoh,Tis gme is velly gud 69/69 frum me
76561197993504308,Recommended,248820,12058981,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Troublesome Fae,"Risk of Rain is a somewhat Roguelike platformer. The game consists of five stages. Each stage is selected at random from a choice of ten to fifteen maps per stage, with the maps being variants on two or three actual landscapes. For example, for the first level, you will find yourself either in the Ancient Forest or in the Dried Lake, and each one of those has several variants.Throughout the game, enemies spawn and attack you, the type of which are determined by the map you're on, and the number of which are determined by how far the game timer has progressed. It starts at Very Easy, Easy, Medium, and Hard, and eventually progresses to I SEE YOU, I'M COMING FOR YOU, and HAHAHA.At around HAHAHA, you might start having two or three boss monsters spawning with the normal enemies at random.As if this isn't bad enough, you're pretty fragile and horribly, horribly outmatched by the unending waves of enemies you face. Your weapons are laughably weak in comparison to your foes' attacks, and the fact that there are Elites and Phantasms which ramp the power up to even more ludicrous heights only makes the game more inherently unfair.You kill enemies to collect currency and experience. Experience gains you levels, with the usual ""make everything better"" that comes with levelling. Coins can be used to unlock treasure chests or sacrificed at shrines.The items you gather will make your life a little easier. Not much. Sometimes, negligibly so. But enough negligible boosts can really stack up after a while.This game follows the Goldeneye model of achievements. Each achievement you earn comes with an in-game unlock - some will unlock items that will be able to drop from thereon out, some will unlock new characters, like the specialized and challenging Sniper, or the adorably toxic Acrid.All in all, I have ground my face against this game for hours and hours, have only won a handful of times, and have loved nearly every minute. This is not for the Facebook Games generation, this is for the motherfudgers who thought Contra was a good time, even if they never could get anywhere without the Konami Code."
76561198027535746,Recommended,248820,31945573,Posted: 24 May,all,^7p^0o^1i,Great arcade style game. Gameplay is challenging and unique. Playable characters are somewhat poorly balanced but the weaker options are fun to master. Multiplayer is great but LAN can be tricky to configure.
,Recommended,248820,29846611,Posted: 11 February,all,Nyxasis,"Amazing game. Fun gameplay.Mindless fun if you play it on easy.Extremely challenging on hard.Definitely a must have, if you like roguelike games."
76561197975017451,Recommended,248820,28735206,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Yaholdi,"Awesome game, a bit slow to start."
,Recommended,248820,10027633,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,bobert awful (F+),"Risk of Rain is damn hard, you will die a lot in it, and these deaths will be unfair. It will require every ounce of attention, time management skills, and luck. The difficulty ramps up over 40 minutes, and after that the game is laughing in your face, throwing everything it has at you like Freddy Krueger doing his one joke stand-up comedy routine, and his one joke is having you drown in a vat of snakes and bugs.But the reason for my recommendation is at the point of the game where you're so buffed that no monster, big or small, can touch you. The part where kills gain you extra maximum hit points, and you're taking out four of these ♥♥♥♥ers every few seconds or so. The part where you have so many drones you're raining bullets into faces and watching them all go down, firing frantically while the horde is held back by your absolute, undeniable firepower, being showered in gold, health, and experience, knowing that you cannot be stopped and that their absolute best is going to have a hell of time killing you.And then you get ganked by some horrible little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you didn't see in time to deal with.If you're not that much into Roguelike-type stuff, maybe skip this and come back to it later on. If you're looking for a co-op game, it requires port forwarding and is not as much fun as doing it alone. Other than that, it's glorious and frustrating and compelling."
,Recommended,248820,12371451,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,RaddixTM,"Let's start out by saying that this was my first ever Roguelike. I had never played a Roguelike, but really wanted to get into the genre, and found this gem. The game altogether is amazingly fun. Starting out with a small arsenal of toons, you can choose and develop your playstyle very early on. Over time, new characters can be unlocked and used, in turn releasing new items to be unlocked through use of said characters. A unique achievement system leads to an innovative way of implementing completion to the game, as when an achievement is completed, a new item is unlocked to be discovered in game. The randomized item discovery and unique unlock system make for an overall great and lengthy experience, and I would highly reccomend this game to any and all who enjoy a fun, quality game."
76561198092481424,Recommended,248820,9209923,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Benderman,Love this game. Can't get enough. Great music and diverse items/characters keep me playing.
76561198120388803,Recommended,248820,8701129,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,☆STAR☆,"Risk of Rain is an addicting action-based platformer with a healthy dose of challenge. Solo or Co-op, the game is a blast because the game gets progressively harder as you play it! With the idea of collecting power-ups and perks in a struggle to get more powerful and balance out the constant rise in difficulty, you and your friends will find yourselves getting constantly bombarded with more and more enemies and bosses until you die or beat the final stage.It has great replayability due to the multiple characters to unlock (each with their own very unique playstyles!) and the ever-growing random buffs and perks you unlock by doing challenges! It also features fluid pixel art and great soundtrack to boot. Gameplay is smooth and easy to pick up, but has a decent amount of depth in terms of timing your skills right.If you like the sound of any of that, I definitley recommend Risk of Rain :)"
,Recommended,248820,8828429,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Zdragow,"I admit. I was a bit reluctant at first to pick up this game. But once I did, I instantly knew that it was an incredibly good decision on my part. I fell in love within the first few minutes.Imagine a game that takes you, the player, into a cakewalk. You find a cupcake here and there and maybe one or two spoiled ones. Not so bad, right? Then suddenly, the cupcakes turn into bricks. You wonder, ""Wait, why did these cupcakes suddenly get hard?"". You go around finding brick after brick, wondering when you'll find another cupcake. Then to your delight you find an entire damn chocolate cake. And not that cheap crap, either. This is the premo stuff imported from a five-star in Germany. You go to town and dig right in. Afterwards, you realize there's someone behind you. You turn around and what do you find? None other than the dark lord of hellfire and cats, and he's got a legion of pitchforks behind him that are going to be stuck somewhere; and there's no way in hell you'll find any cupcakes now. Now imagine that every five minutes that same dark lord clones himself and his legion threefold; those pitchforks ain't there for decoration, either.That's what it's like playing Risk of Rain. An amazing experience of continuously being challenged against an ever increasing difficulty and number of foes. And that's on the single-player, too. You can invite three other friends with you so that you're not the only one being stuck by pitchfork-wielding cats.The cool thing about this game is the wide-range of character selection, as well. Each character is its own experience to be played, along with their own pros and cons. Most of these characters must be unlocked by completing a certain achievement, making quite a few of them difficult to unlock.You can play as:A drug addictA masochistA hoarderA poacherA robotA nerd with turrets for friendsA gold diggerAn assassinAn animalAnd a guy who likes swords(Respectively: Commando, Enforcer, Bandit, Huntress, HAN-D, Engineer, Miner, Sniper, Acrid, Mercenary)If you haven't already, then pick up this game. Seriously. Ignore the 78 metacritic score; it's complete bull.This is a game that will give you hours and hours of entertainment with extreme amounts of replay value. I got RoR during the Steam Christmas sales, but I would gladly pay $10 for it. I know that as soon as I pick up the controller and launch Risk of Rain, I'm going to be stuck for hours at a time. And I wouldn't have it any other way.On a scale of one to ten, I rate this game: HAHAHAHA"
,Recommended,248820,9728225,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,[JOKG] ๖ۣۜSniggleboots,"A fast-paced and unforgiving 2D platformer-shooter with 8-bit, pixel graphics.The storyline is rather thin, but solid enough to relay to the player who you are and what you're doing. A stranded pilot on an alien planet and trying to not die, respectively.The gameplay starts off nice and easy, but gradually picks up the pace, ramping up the difficulty exponentially. Apart from 2D platforming and shooting things, this game can very well be categorized as a rogue-like. With permanent death, unforgiving difficulty and a lot of randomized items to aid you in combat, fans of rogue-likes and fast-paced action alike will appreciate Risk of Rain.There are 10 classes to be unlocked, each with 4 distinct and unique abilites. The variety allows for an amazing amount of play styles and strategies. Combined with the at times randomness of items and shrines to waste your money on, players will need to hone their skills and rely on luck as well, if they are to escape this hostile and indomitable planet."
,Recommended,248820,9268120,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Ammolds von Lichenstein,"I honestly thought I'd play this only for a couple of times, until the novelty wears off. Boy was I wrong.Addictively awesome"
,Recommended,248820,9691613,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,FuzzSlam,"Risk Of Rain is a brilliant platformer/rouge-lite, the main thing with this game that pulls me into this game is how easily I can switch from being under-powered to over-powered and then back again in split seconds. (mostly from getting too cocky when I have certain power-ups. :P) It's genuinely a hard game and I love it for that reason. The music is a selling point as well, sort of a rocky/electronic/ambient thing.The difficulty scales just right for me, it gives me a good 2-5 minutes to do what i need to do in each level, so I can do either a quick pick-up-and-play run or i could do a good 40 min run to (rarely) get to the last level. Plus this game actually makes me want to collect every single power-up and monster log just for the little storys you get alone.The only gripe I have with it is how complicated it is to connect with friends, when I want to connect with a friend I have to use a program calledEvolvethat gives me and my friends a temp IP address, and even that fails some of the time.All in all, this is a solid game that rates highly on my games list."
,Recommended,248820,34304018,Posted: 17 August,all,JS,"+Neat little game. Both fun and challenging.Lots of fun powerups.Co-op!-No demanding achievements.No Sequel, yet."
,Recommended,248820,18157066,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Kura,"One of the best games i have ever played.This game has wide range of classes, each one of them has their own ups and downs.Has a a lot of replayabillity which is a plus for this game.Multiplayer support is greatCharacter movement doesn't feel awkward.Owning this game is a must!"
76561198097976446,Recommended,248820,12506240,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,tylereb95,Awesome game once you get the hang of it. Even then you still find yourself yelling cause you got killed by a jellyfish useing the Glass artifact. :P
,Recommended,248820,10873682,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Scarmeld,bang bang pew pew10/10
,Recommended,248820,10200704,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,[CARE] ::TwistEd::,Worth it! Period.
76561198028300613,Recommended,248820,14245541,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,ColdFusion,"in risk of rain, you are a level 90 mage warlock warrior priest monk hunter druid rogue. you play the game for 250 hours in which you grind for items. when you have 500 stacks of each item, you get to face the final boss. you can kill the boss by just standing still for 5 seconds. and boom. you finished the game.18/10. would stand still again"
,Recommended,248820,11126816,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Dr Potato,Dank
,Recommended,248820,8458839,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,The Poubel,"This game does what it wants to do properly well. It has it's flaws, but all in all, it's well executed and presents challenging gameplay with great difficulty balancing from easy to hard.The game does NOT handle well internet lag. It's supposed to be synchronized between the players, but with pings of around 300 ms, monsters started desyncing and, due to that, completing stages was only doable by the host, as I could not kill 'all enemies on screen'.The content that the game offers is worth it's price, but I would have definitely paid more money if it offered double the content. It's got 100 items and 7 classes so far, which isn't bad, but gets a little repetitive after a few hours. The key to making the game fresh is, instead, placed on the many classes you can unlock and play with. The soundtrack offers great tunes that motivate the players to keep going. It's very cinematic and complements the scenery in a really classy and well done way.Needless to say, this is much better enjoyed with friends, as all class combos offer great variety in strategies. The game's difficulty is much better adjusted for teamed up players, as different classes complement each other against certain monsters.No need to mention that this game is really hard. REALLY hard. Beating this on Hard difficulty is not a feat for the faint of heart.6/10"
,Recommended,248820,11554633,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,The Genuine Metz!,"Risk of Rain could stand a little more optimizing, but for a game made in Gamemaker of all things it's surprising how engaging it is. The art style is consistent and manages to look great even when your character could be rendered on a digital watch. Combat is fast, constant, and feels good, character progression is a constant motivation, and the soundtrack is top tier. The multiplayer is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ a total ordeal to set up which I assume is a limitation of the engine, and unfortunately I haven't been able to get it working. Despite that, Risk of Rain is closer to the traditional rogue-like with randomly-arranged stages, distinct character classes and randomized loot from a very large pool of options than most games professing to be ""rogue-likes"" on steam today."
76561198040931401,Recommended,248820,13488989,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,MaRk,"The longer you play, the harder it gets ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
76561198206075107,Recommended,248820,26296290,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Chess,"Let me put it this way. If you don't mind a game that makes you give your all to survive, and then throws chalenges at you on top of that, this is the game for you. The game play is fast-paced, the items and abilities are all very unique from eachother so far as I've played, and the maps are interesting and fun to explore. I highy recomend it for a rouge-like fan."
,Recommended,248820,30237143,Posted: 28 February,all,auu,"Absolutely amazing OST and sound effects!Gameplay is great, especially in two player co-op mode which works flawlessly, but make sure to look out for each other as one might not keep up with other one in later levels if not leveling/powering up alike. One thing to point out however is that game at first feels like it should be played slow and with some tactics in mind, but after a while you realize that it has a totally opposite pace, which isn't bad, just different from what you thought it was at first.What isn't great or at least could be improved on is the overall game and level design which are somehow procedural generated, but fails at some spots completely. From what I have read game was done by one programmer, one designer and one composer so it is absolutely amazing from that perspective, however I wish they had put a much more content and polish into it as game engine and overall feel of the game is superb.Maybe a sequel?Get it if you are looking for some rad co-op shoot-em-up to kill half an hour in the evening!"
,Recommended,248820,11964619,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,zebra,Don't even bother if you're a filthy casual.
76561198268670225,Recommended,248820,33369883,Posted: 8 July,all,SapphireTheDeino,"In the world of Risk of Rain, You play as many different characters with randomized maps, enemies and items, creating a fun, challenging game with a high replayability, and the music this game has to offer just adds to the touch. You can and Will lose your sense of time in the different experiences this game has at its disposal.I recommend this game, and if you have the money to spare, its definetely worth your time checking out :)"
,Recommended,248820,29329420,Posted: 17 January,all,Peppermint Butler,"This is a fun, difficult, rogue-like game where you will never experience the same playthrough twice. This game features dozens of different items, game-altering artifacts, over 10 playable characters each with unique abilities, and even a hidden level. Some levels have different types of altars that let you gamble some money of the money you collected or even a percentage of your life for the small chace of getting a powerful item or a very large chance of getting a mostly useless oneI'm looking at you, Bustling Fungus. There are a few things left unexplained in the pseudo-story, but as anyone will tell you, this is all about the amazing gameplay with easy-to-learn controls.9/10"
76561198079959669,Recommended,248820,29368912,Posted: 19 January,all,Mr Mishmish,Complete♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of stuff to shoot and things to collect.Wished that this was still supported by devs.
,Recommended,248820,33157162,Posted: 2 July,all,Andi Des,"One of the best games I've played in my life, through and through Risk of Rain is a well detailed, challenging yet fun, 2d platformer with a wonderful soundtrack and a wide range of items one can use to make a 'build', the characters and their abilities are all interesting and unique, and don't feel or play in a similiar way. I don't play too many platformers and enjoy less, but Risk of Rain feels like the perfect game to make an exception for that.I also normally don't do proper game reviews, yet again, Risk of Rain is the perfect exception.There is no real multiplayer (from what I've experienced so far) without using an external program such as Evolve or Hamachi, but if you can deal with using one of those programs (I prefer Evolve), then there is no issue.Gameplay: The gameplay is incredibly fun, refreshing and extremely rewarding, with you getting cool items, characters and bonuses (via artifacts) from interacting with things that don't seem right, such as a bit of odd looking dirt and grass, a chunk of a wall being damaged, buttons you can shoot, cages way off to the right of the map, or even a tunnel in a pit of lava, it's a good experience and feels nice to get things for being curious and checking things out. 4.5 / 5Soundtrack: The majority of the music is great, however there is one specific track I do dislike, however aside from that, it's incredibly good, and earns a 3.5 / 5Replayability: With all the unique characters, their pros and cons relating to items, and how items work well / not too well with them, you've got a lot of replayability within just building your characters how you like, and unlocking new characters through cool, unique ways. 4 / 5Overall my guides are pretty bad, but I've put a bit of time into this one, I believe I've conveyed how great this game really is to the best of my ability."
76561198176837594,Recommended,248820,29833047,Posted: 10 February,all,afaq051,This is a good game which i enjoy playing with my brother who has a controller. Its fun. However I have alot more to learn and do and have only played for a while. ya. I'm quite exited but you know. Life. Anyway its pretty good. This may appeal more to some than others but I enjoyed it.A mon avis cest bien et fantastique.Bye! :)
76561198005271335,Recommended,248820,8233835,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Pale Dolphin,"Insanely addictive platformer with a lot of rogue-like mechanics. Even though the graphics does look bland at the first sight, the game mechanics are flawless. Replayability is extremely high (local and online co-op included): there's a lot of unlockables, such as new boosts, new playable characters (possibly, a lot more than that, but I'm just getting started playing the game). The levels are generated randomly each time you start a new game, which increases replayability furthermore. Absolutely worth it's money. I'd rate this game 9.0 / 10.0."
,Recommended,248820,9328313,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,bossgoji,"Brilliantly-made roguelike platformer from the guys behind Starbound. While superficially similar to games like Binding of Isaac or other action roguelikes, there's really nothing that FEELS like Risk of Rain out there.The essentials: you are a survivor from the crash-landing of the UES Contact Light, which was hauling extremely questionable cargo when it was downed over an incredibly hostile alien planet. Play as one of eight different classes, pillage the wreckage that rained down from the sky as the ship crashed, and try your hardest to survive long enough to reach the Contact Light and get off the planet. This is a shallow summary, of course.The basic gameplay is an action platformer reminiscent of Bionic Commando, but there's no grappling hook shenanigans: instead, every class has a completely different style of play, with four abilities. Every class has one basic attack, one crowd control power, one ability that improves mobility, and one very powerful attack that leaves them somewhat vulnerable but is tactically crucial. These range from the basic Commando, who is a classical sidescroller Dude With Gun What Shoots Mans, to stuff like HAN-D, a hulking janitor bot who punches things and launches drones to attack and heal himself, to the Bandit, a space cowboy assassin with a lever-action rifle and dynamite, to even weirder and kookier options. Every class is completely unique compared to every other class, and there's a ton of variety to be found for any kind of playstyle you like.Beyond your class, you've got one slot for an active item and a functionally unlimited number of slots for passive items that improve your abilities or stats in some way. If you've played Binding of Isaac, you basically know how this works. Where a lot of the fun comes in is the sheer variety of items you can find and the way they interact with your character, as well as the intriguing and funny backstories behind each item, displayed in the game's Item Log, which is presented as the shipping manifest of the Contact Light. As you collect items, you'll eventually build a picture of exactly what the Contact Light was up to. The game similarly features monster logs for stuff you kill, which are random pickups.Difficulty in the game is complex; while the game has three difficulty settings(Drizzle, Rainstorm, and Monsoon), it isn't immediately obvious what these do. What they primarily affect is the game's scaling difficulty, which is based on your in-game timer. As the difficulty meter ramps up, enemies get progressively tougher, more aggressive, and more numerous; at the max end, it can even spawn bosses as regular enemies.In each level, you're looking for a teleporter which will take you to the next stage; activating it summons a boss, and once you've killed it and all remaining enemies in the stage, you can progress. You can either beeline for the teleporter straight off, or stay around for a while and try to slaughter enemies to earn money and experience with which to buy items and become stronger, but waiting TOO long becomes a risky gamble due to the ever-increasing difficulty. Too fast, and you'll be underpowered; too slow, and your foes will be insurmountable. Skilled play thus becomes a balancing act between progression and increasing your capabilities.The game is simple to pick up and learn, but is staggeringly replayable, and this is helped by the beautiful aesthetic and wonderful music. For ten bucks, you are getting a LOT of game, and it's certainly worth your time to stand out in the rain for a while."
,Recommended,248820,10802280,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Duffvader,Awesome Gameplay! Wonderful Soundtrack! Online & Local CO-OP! Nice Pixelart! Low Budget!Alot of Upgrades & Items & Classes!I'm addicted!
,Recommended,248820,14258545,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,AllegroRitmico,"This really might be the most addicting game I have ever played. If you're on the fence about purchasing Risk Of Rain, let your $10 do the deciding and GET THIS GAME RIGHT NOW.Now, just a few things to note before you get started:- You will die. A lot.- No cheap tricks or power-leveling here -- this game requires /actual/ effort.- This actually somehow makes it more enjoyable.- The only thing more awesome than playing this game is playing this game with friends."
,Recommended,248820,11903615,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Matrioshka,PLAYING THIS GAME IS LIKE GETTING KICKED IN THE ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥OVER AND OVER AGAIN
76561198101921151,Recommended,248820,12153106,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,B3P15 D0GG0,"It reminded me I died two seconds after with the message ""Ded"" 10/10 would ded again."
,Recommended,248820,12404862,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Actual Cannibal,"This game is a fresh take on the rougelike genre.  This game is great to pick up and play for a while with no real commitment.The more you play this game, the more in game powerups you will unlock, which will give the game more depth.  The game has a random element to powerups, so some runs you will get destroyed, and others you will simply dominate.  There are also a handful of unlockable playable characters, each with their own unique play styles.I love games I can just pick up and play, and this game is great for that.  It gets tough at times, but for the most part you will be destroying wave after wave of enemies, which is very satisfying.  If you are looking for something more than an hour here or there, this might not be your game.For ten bucks, I say its well worth it."
76561198018818592,Recommended,248820,24769922,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,MrDrProfessor4,There are few games I like enough to want to keep playing long after I've beaten it. This is one of them.I've been having a blast playing it on monsoon with three friends over and over. It gets especially fun once you've unlocked the more interesting classes.
,Recommended,248820,11193910,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Vienvanva,"Against all previous statements and assumed beliefs this game is in fact neither a weather application or a simple game. It is actually a time machine, but due to chucklefish dropping development on all their games half-way through it can only send you forward in time. It acheives this by making you perform simple tasks, killing enemies and making your character survive as long as possible, but in reality you are coordinating the complex controls of this machine, quickling sending you anywhere from thirty minutes to well over an hour in one sit down. I found myself playing right after breakfest only to realize shortly afterwards that it was the next morning. Use this game with caution or else you will find yourself losing all grasp on time.also screw toxic beasts"
,Recommended,248820,10946456,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,[BT] ZeroLRS,"This game is challenging at first, but once you get through the learning curve, you can easily breeze through the game if you are playing a class you know well.The multiplayer is simple and painless, and makes the game simultaneously easier and harder. Having two or more people obviously means that you have extra firepower, but you have to share money, exp, and items, providing a difficult balancing act.I would highly reccommend this game to anyone who is a fan of difficult games like They Bleed Pixels or Dark Souls, along with anyone who likes action platformers like Cave Story."
,Recommended,248820,9080953,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Madame Écureuil,"It's hard to judge a platformer with only 10 levels to offer, usually one would say that it is lacking in content. However, when you factor in the 16 possible combinations of the first 4 levels, the myriad of variations each level has, and how item drops are completely random that gives passive buffs to the player, plus the inclusion of 9 unlockable classes and 1 default class.. You have this roguelike platformer where no 2 play throughs are the same.The gameplay is really fantastic, lending itself to real frantic action with tons of tough enemies and impossible bosses. It has a unique mechanic of cranking the difficulty up as time passes, and so it becomes a wild race against time to get as many items as possible in as little time as possible to keep you alive. There are over 100 items to pick up with more than a handful of them being deployable during the game for added effects.It's not just the gameplay that is great, the 2-D spritework and the forlorn-sounding music complete the experience of playing this game. It looks great, it plays great, there is a lot of depth and challenge to be had. I would say that this is one of the best Rogue-likes to come out in 2013. Go pick it up."
76561198122416306,Recommended,248820,15194005,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Zhelfer,a fun game ... thats it
,Recommended,248820,24587033,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Baron Von Dapper,"The only game in which you can kill satan with a ukelele, a crowbar, and an egg."
76561198083980905,Recommended,248820,9598915,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,✧ April ✧,one of my easily favorite games on my steam list ive played ALOT of it and im still wanting to play more
,Recommended,248820,12111808,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Centrizzle,"Get ready to die, over and over agian.As you're reading this review about the game you're already dead.Just being on the page kills you.Saying Risk of Rain kills you.Hearing about the games kills you.Thinking about it kills you.Actaully, your conciounce is reading this.Just kidding thats dead too."
,Recommended,248820,14138821,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Kitch.sb,I had Risk of Rain sitting in my library for maybe half a year before actually trying it. This was a mistake.
,Recommended,248820,13487484,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,The Maddocktor,these are the tears of pain and suffering9/10 makes me cry
,Recommended,248820,10763469,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Alekz,"Great game, lots of fun, but BE WARNED: if you want to play this with your friends online THERE IS NO 'PROPER' ONLINE MULTIPLAYER. You'll have to use Hamachi or something of the like to be able to play, because it requires direct IP connection to host games."
76561198002979601,Recommended,248820,10766354,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ÄnZi,"If you like games like The Binding of Isaac and other rogue-like titles, this one is a sure pick for you!ps: I still hope there is a sword character to unlock!"
,Recommended,248820,21589081,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Ken Sanders,Fantastic Indie game.Pros:+Challenging+Permadeath+Co-operative gameplay+Beautiful soundtrack+Immersive gameplay+Sidescrolling action+Fantastic development teamCons:-Setting up co-op is a chore
,Recommended,248820,9894261,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Gush,In general its a great game with awesome achievements. I'm still trying the to get the second commando one. The multiplayer needs a voice option though
,Recommended,248820,12044597,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,ADK,"an old school arcade game , every time you die you have to  start again and gain power again. second every time you play you get different power(Items) and then your play style have to change a little bit to maximize your benefits from the items. Recommended for coop with friends."
,Recommended,248820,13147217,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,𝅳𝅳,This game is super good. You go for a while and watch your e-peen grow with the amount of raw damage you have. And then it crashes.10/10 would recommend.
76561198048342475,Recommended,248820,8899692,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Pan Daddy,"inhumanely fun.. one of the most addictiing games ive played in a long time.. the first game to hurt my thumb from an absurd amount of playing in years.. I would recomend a controller for this game though, it just seems to suit the game play better. Dont not buy this game"
,Recommended,248820,7656428,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Safice,"This game is difficult in the beginning. I am not going to lie. It will kick your♥♥♥♥♥down into the ground, then rub your face in the dirt. It will make you want to scream in frustration, having really good items, then dying for some stupid reason. It will make you want to quit. But I implore you, please do not quit, all those bad runs are made up when you get some of the few that beat the game. Then it's like all the other failures never existed. No amount of deaths afterword can get you off the high you achieve from beating this game.Unlocking characters? Even better. You know that after you die on that run, you can play as a whole new person with new abilities. It's truly the best feeling.Don't even get me started on the multiplayer, just goofing off with friends is hours of entertainment. I highly recommend this game. It will beat your♥♥♥♥♥.. but lovingly. It wants you to get better. And you will."
,Recommended,248820,10806896,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Medium-sized Jimmy,Risk of Rain is a really awesome game and an awesome way to spend time. The game has great replayability and tons of unlockable characters and items. The basic idea of the game is cool and the music is just so fitting and amazing. I highly recommend this game and it's also a great game for co-op.
,Recommended,248820,7665574,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,BlueH,"Oh my god this game is amazing for the price you pay... it's so friggin' addicting! You start off all weak and normal, but as you go on you can level up from XP that enemies drop, along with money they drop that you can spend on chests and shrines across the map that give you random items that buff your character. There's a HUGE sense of reward with this game... like every item you get is a small step in the right direction. When you're feeling powerful enough, you can try to find a teleporter located in a random area on the map. When you activate it, a boss will appear and you have to survive for a minimum of 90 seconds. After that, you have to finish off the boss and all the smaller enemies around it. Then you can teleport into the next level/area and repeat the process from there. A+/10, buy this game."
,Recommended,248820,9160254,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,meauxdal,"A great co-op game with some unfortunate balancing issues that can lead to a ""broken"" run that drags on nigh-endlessly.Still, a hell of a lot of fun. Recommended."
,Recommended,248820,9596265,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,THE KING OF POOTIS.,"I bought this game on a whim. I didnt know anything about it, but I baught it anyway. Was this a dumb decision?NO.This game is FANTASTIC.Let me explain in a short list.-Fun gameplay with fluid controls-Collectable items for replayability-An outstanding soundtrack-Enjoyable level design-A constant challenge even on easy, but not too much of a challenge, as the game gets harder as you get better.All in all, Get this game. I see no real flaw with it."
,Recommended,248820,9060762,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Browniemixx,"what the hell are you doing sitting here looking at the reviews when you could be blasting Robots and Rams to bits with your bare guitar while wielding 20+ different drones and over 100 stackable weapons?! GO GET IT! oh and one more thing, when you do happen to play it. NEVER. STOP. MOVING."
,Recommended,248820,10677008,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,TheDestroyer017,Really awesome game well worth the 4.99 i payed and it really addictive the only bad this is that the sound is messed up and it just doesnt work... hopefully the developper will put a patch to fix the sound soon... im sure it would be better with sound.......
,Recommended,248820,7797665,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Hexxus,"One of the best, just remember its monsoon season"
,Recommended,248820,9747368,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,2Sirius,"A very challanging and amazing fun game that you will never get bored of.I played in Alpha, and soon as I started playing this game, everything from the soundtrack to epic items made this my favourite rogue-game! Everytime you play is a different playthrough.If you like randomly generated maps, this game does offers a lot of it, however it can be a bit 'liner'.Nonetheless, a very good game and a definite buy!"
,Recommended,248820,7900191,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Zencodion,"Risk of Rain is a Indie/Platformer with rogue-like elements. In Risk of Rain you fight through hordes of Enemies that spawn on the level your in and they keep spawning more over time as you try to go through the level, collecting items, killing the Enemie waves, and trying to find the teleporter/exit. You get Gold and Exp. through killing the Enemies that you can use to unlock chests or pray to shrines to get access to items that help you through the game. When you get to the teleporter you have to fight through a 90 sec. spawning wave while trying to kill the boss of that level. The game gets harder the longer you play. It starts off very easy and it can go to the hahaha difficulty if you survive a long enough time. The point of Risk of Rain is to survive as long as you can while trying to get a lot of items that can help you throughout the game and to help you kill the final boss....if you can survive that long that is...Mwahahahah."
,Recommended,248820,8422933,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,LorMus,"The single player mode is absolutely enjoyable: many achievements, secret weapons and characters to unlock, and difficult to accomplish as well (you'll die many times in the attempt, which means you'll need to restart again from the beginning).Just don't get too much affectionate to your character and get used to die and go mad more frequently than in other games"
,Recommended,248820,8629484,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,alex :D,"Really challenging rogue-like game.Pros:Various playable characters for dynamic gameplayA lot of items that will buff you and determine your victory.Great artwork and soundtrack.Cons:Lack of multiplayer support.Same level/stage everytime you play. Just the orders are random.Drones seems to be too unique than the usable items.Conclusion:Stages are same and there aren't much different mini-bosses,bosses.Also multiplayer coop feature is really useless unless you are going to play with friends and host their own server. I hope there will be server browser soon so it will actually mean ""multiplayer"".Still it is really big time-killer, I recommend to get this game at sale."
,Recommended,248820,7720148,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,Owlet,Oh my yes it's cheap and amazing and the soundtrack and the lore and the items and oh my god
76561198068795326,Recommended,248820,9656803,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Deadlypeaches,If you like platformers and/or roguelikes you will like this game!
,Recommended,248820,13554023,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Sad Egg,"As far as Rogue-likes go this game is pretty much everything you need. A good dificulty build up with great power-ups that can either make you feel overpowered with joy and have your room filled with your own maniachal laughter, or crying out of desperation because that damn moneystone didn't give you an item even after offering money 5 times in a row. The Co-op is also fairly amazing, letting you play with as many people as you want and there's still more content coming out for it! Seriously get it right now, totally worth the cost"
,Recommended,248820,12202732,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Swift,"Risk of Rain is a truly excellent game with amazing enemy and item variety, well designed and subtley altered levels every game as well as a good selection of characters to pick from. It is a great side scrolling open platformer/shooter/nommer/exploder that keeps you hooked for hours. I will be playing so much more of this game. The soundtrack is sublime, a mix of electronic synths with glockenspiels and metallaphones with time signatures to fry your brains it is worth opening Spotify or Youtube (go to the composer Chris Christodoulou's channel) and listen to the whole thing. Masterpiece.One thing of note is the online functionality at time of writing is a mess, unfortunately there is no LAN and the system for connecting requires one to open up ports in their internet, so it is a fiddly process."
,Recommended,248820,7893074,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Empty,"This game offers a nice combination of retro platformer and roguelike, with a touch of modern video games (particularly mobas) I rate it 8/10From an artstyle perspective, they nail it perfectly. The pixel art in the game is beautiful, detailed and not just thrown in there to give it the classic indie platformer artstyle, you can see that all the art has had lots of work go into it, rather than a lot of games that go with very simplistic shapes and objects and then pixelate them to cover the gap in the art skills of the team.The soundscape works amazingly with the game, you truly feel like you're exploring a strange planet where little makes sense and even less isn't trying to kill you.Finally, the gameplay. While simple and to some degree repetitive (jump, shoot, kite, repeat) it keeps it fresh with loads of different classes, all with very different playstyles. The platforming is tight, the combat is very fun and highly enjoyable, and the randomised mechanics improve the games longevity significantly. In addition, coop play is extremely fun, and probably the biggest draw of the game.The game does lose points for the random factor though, levels, enemy 'mutators' and the item drops are randomly generated each game, but the bosses are always usually the same and the levels are very samey. This doesn't detract severely, but I feel after 2 or 3 runs, you've seen everything the game has to offer, a lot of games suffer this and it's not always an issue (e.g. Killing Floor) but I feel that the game runs out of surprises fairly quickly.The one exception is the items, the items are the best part of the game by far, nearly all of them are unique and most of them are thoroughly enjoyable. The background lore of each item is interesting (and at times hilarious) and the craziness of certain item combos gets you hooked and wanting more. I think they did an amazing job on the item design and the pacing of how they are deployed to the player (you unlock items through repeated play throughs, granting them as potential drops for next game)Overall, RoR is an excellent game, it has some small flaws, but in general the gameplay is excellent and the art and sound direction are beautiful. I'm hard pressed to find many indie games that compare to it's level of polish. I eagerly await future updates to the game with even more content and features!"
76561198282705835,Not Recommended,248820,29014114,Posted: 4 January,all,Future Network,"Pretty fun first hour, but gets extremely tedious later on: as you find yourself repeating the first two levels over and over again, fighting the same bullet sponge enemies.The gameplay is strictly for the retro/oldskool fans; beyond that it doesn't seem very rewarding to master, as it is super simplistic and requires a ton of backtracking."
,Recommended,248820,17586334,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Desprio,This is one of the best games i ever played. Igot it around 12 ish in the afternoon and by 12 noon the next day i had 14 hours of playtime. It's so fun and unlocking the characters is so rewarding. I'm actually  upset that Hopoo moved on. I wanted a RoR 2....This game is so fun and never stops providing a challenge.Please just throw your wallet at the computer screen.
,Recommended,248820,12839688,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Ck_H,yes
,Recommended,248820,8361497,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Harmless,"I had had my eye on this one for a while, and when a friend asked me if I wanted to play I impulse bought it on the spot. It turned out to be not only one of my best sale purchases this holiday season, but one of the better games I have played in a long time.It is essentially a hardcore roguelike styled action platformer, shortform and with huge amounts of replayability due to colectables, quite a wealth of characters with 4 different abilities each and a plethora of items to unlock and pick up.- Story: There is not much of an initial story except for the opening cinematic, but as you unlock more characters and monster logs through the game more of the story is filled in. At no point was there a moment where I had to stop and look at the story so far, as it is an action platformer ultimately rather than some long winded fantasy sci-fi epic, but the way the devs have filled in bits of story via logs and such is quite well done.- Sound: Music wise, the developers have chosen quite apt styles of music for the different stages, while creating an atmosphere that suits the gameplay and themes quite well. The sound effects are something else though; each enemy has an attacking noise, as do the weapons and powerups you accrue, and eventually you get to know the sounds of each. This doesn't sound like much, but in a game such as this these sounds are both well fitting and incredibly useful to keep track of enemies in your vicinity.- Gameplay: I think of this as a side scrolling version of Binding of Isaac meets Super House of Dead Ninjas, with an added layer (or 40) of difficulty.Each playthrough is different and items per each run can make or break it for you, as they can in BoI. However, the mechanics and verticality are far more similar to SHoDN, with things being frantic on the screen most of the time. All of this combined makes the game quite fun to play through, and I highly recommend it.As always, it is perhaps best to watch videos of the game before buying, and it is rather difficult alone. If you have a couple of friends to play with it is an absolute blast, and after you unlock a few things playing solo is also quite doable. As of yet I have not gotten to/beat the final stage/boss, but even after I have I will keep playing to unlock more items that become available. Definitely a recommended purchase.This was my first reviews as well, hope it helps someone out there!"
76561198024218344,Recommended,248820,11852966,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Gaming Raz,"Risk Of RainThis game is like Mario Bros on serious steroids and an element thrown in.....One Death. This equals up to intense game play with the thought of ""this is it or nothing"" the entire time.The music adds to the strangeness of it all. Very interstellar, on another planet sound and speeking of sound, the sound FX will rock your speakers!!!!Also, plenty of buffs to stack! If there is a limit, I have not encountered it. Which makes ""one death"" not so bad if you have around 15 buffs to help you out. Some of them are almost God mode. So how do the enemy NPC's compete againts this? Their difficulty level increases over time. So at the start, all are on Very Easy mode. Then in around 30 minutes all the NPC's are Very Hard mode. Which makes things severly intense!So is there a down side to ROR??? Well, to some people they cannot stand the retro 80's pixelated graphics. Me on the other hand was raised on this and embrace any video game that takes me back to the good ol' days of video games.JUST BUY IT!"
,Recommended,248820,13472635,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Talamond,"A really fun and addicting platformer game with a great amount of replayability not just because of the nature of the game, but also because of the fact that the game comes with a good number of characters, each one catering to a certain playstyle, so rest assured, players would have no problems finding their right match. The only problem I experienced in-game was the multitude of bugs ranging from trivial annoyances to ones that break the momentum of your gameplay, as they literally 'break' the game by either closing it down themselves, or rendering the game unplayable due to extremely slowed down frame rates.Even with all that, I believe that this game is a lot of fun, and even more so with friends to play with. I just hope the developers do something about the bugs soon."
,Recommended,248820,7884606,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Snapjaw,I like it!
,Recommended,248820,12063297,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Slowacki,"Really drags you in once you try it. I couldn't help myself and just went on playing with the purpose to reach 100% achievements, however stopped at 97% with few monster logs missing. It has an enormous replay value, which sadly ends once you unlock some artifacts (Kin, Glass, Command, Sacrifice) and items (infusion, chargefield generator).Once you get them, starting on a lemurian map, grabbing early infusion and stacking on barbed wire soon makes you and unstoppable ball of death and after 30 minutes of farming you always beat monsoon regardless of the character choice.That kinda killed the fun for me, as I couldn't just go back to the regular style of playing after trying that. All in all though, the point where you can possibly roll through the maps every time you play start after you've played for some 20 hours or so already (if you are fresh new to the game), probably less if you've played it before or read the wikis a lot.Before that I still had lots of fun, trying to survive, which is not always that simple. If you play it the regular way, your every gameplay will be different, some items will make cleaning the levels a breeze, while other sets will push you to change your strategy in order to prevent your painful death. The graphics might be a little archaic, but I think it synergizes well with the game overall and it actually looks pretty neat. The background music is prefect as for a space survival game, it fits well with the atmosphere of being on another planet, alone. Another great thing about the game are the monster logs, which I found very well written and enjoyable to collect and read.RoR doesn't escape few minor bugs like item containers (the always come in three and you can buy only one item) sometimes spawn all in the same place, so you can't even really see what you might get or some items not working properly sometimes (looking at you Imp Overlord's tentacle), but it's nothing gamebreaking. For me, the most annoying issue was the FPS rate in later stages of the game, I mean, I don't really have a gaming rig (yet), but for a game that doesn't involve any too complex graphics, I think it should run smoother rather than lowering my details to the minimum and the FPS rate dropping to 20-30 (which also affects the clock, so the in-game time is not the same a real life time).Still, for such a low price, this game is well-worth buying. It costs like 3 euro, when there's a discount running, which is a funny price for the fun I've had, especially with the AAA games having 5-10 hours of gameplay with no replay value at the cost of 40 euros. I recommend it to everyone who likes games with roguelike elements and is a completionist freak like me."
76561198076007687,Recommended,248820,8439851,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Aiden Spectre,"Risk of Rain. Not really sure why they named it. They should have named it ""holy ****ing **** the ammount of **** carnage and the ***** **** *** **** **** crazy ammount of deadly enemies trying to kill me and the intensity. or something like that. I don't even know, all I know is this game is intense, and extreamly fun.Risk of Rain is a Roguelike so you have one life and one life only. Every time you die you get to restart, but do not fear! while the game can be tough, but the items you get along the way and the characters skills can help you get through the levels.The enemies aren't as diverse as they could be, but it still provides a lot of randomization and that along with different classes and items provides replayability. Three difficulties allows you to play the game your way, slowing the progression of enemies or speeding it up.The games difficulty scales over time, providing an exciting system of difficulty, to the point where bosses will eventually spawn as normal enemies, and normal enemies will be nearly as strong.Risk of Rain provides an endless amount of fun for hardcore gamers and casual gamers alike, along with alot of unlikes it's sure to keep you busy for a while."
,Recommended,248820,12241095,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,FireEatingNinja,"Risk of Rain is a game you will try and fail in. Then try again and get a little further. Then try once more and get not quite as far as the first. There's a lot of elements to this game that are random. The biggest of which is the item drops. The quality of the items, the rarity and quantity are randomly generated. That not only makes Risk of Rain feel random, but also makes it challenging. For some reason I'll get further and last longer with worse items. Makes me think I'm on my game! The randomness can feel frustrating or unfair at times, but it adds major replayability.There are a lot of pros and cons, but just know... Risk of Rain is a fantastic game. There are different characters you play as and unlock. You also unlock droppable items through achievements and tasks. The characters all play incredibly different. I believe there's 10 different options. In the game you'll spend the majority of your time dodging and platforming - trying to trick the AI into not being able to get to you. The difficulty also ramps up for every 5 minutes you play (up to 60mins). So ideally you'll clear the level, get all the items and kill the boss all in one sweep. That's usually not the case, since you have to kill enemies to gain money to unlock a chest.A major flaw I've seen is the multiplayer. It has huge potential for a fun multiplayer experience but they missed it just a bit. You can play with 4 players in one screen. That screen does not get split. You must travel CLOSELY with your companions. I'm uncertain if online multiplayer allows you to split off. That's not the flaw, however. The upgrades are how you get more powerful. Only one person can pick up the upgrade, and upgrades are not shared. So you can either choose to split the upgrades between you and your buddy/ies and all be weaker, or have one person pick up every upgrade and have the others feel useless. This can also add some tactical measures to the game as well. If you know the upgrades well enough, you can give the ideal upgrades to the different classes and maybe be stronger as a unit then you would be with one godinator and 3 scrubby nubbies.I'm tempted to say this game is ALMOST too challenging, but it wouldn't feel like an accomplishment if it were easy to make it to the end, now would it? I've played maybe 30-40 runs and completed once or twice. Damn it felt good when I beat it.Play this game. Beat it with every class. Be my hero."
,Recommended,248820,13117074,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,strand,Took me approximately two hours to get past the first levelLove it11/10
,Recommended,248820,31968043,Posted: 26 May,all,TheHoboFisherman,"Amazing, the soundtrack is badass, gameplay is fast paced, replayability is insanely fun because you will die alot and want to come back and beat your high score, mine is 70 mins so far only having the game for a few hours, cant wait to see what all the other characters are like. 8/8 its gr8 m8."
,Recommended,248820,10463844,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,MendicantMonk,"Most games don't keep my attention for long, but I don't think I'll get sick of Risk of Rain anytime soon. I like this game way too much."
,Recommended,248820,32152683,Posted: 3 June,all,Croof046,"Rogue-like  Check.Platformer   Check.Action         Check.Difficult       Check.Awesome    Check.Fantastic little package with great replayablity value, Love it Love it Love it. Buy it now you wont regret it."
,Recommended,248820,7701855,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,AxeMan808,"Do you like this Neo-Roguelike Renaissance? Do you like platforming shooters? Do you like Item Stacks? Do you like dying (a lot)? Do you remember arcade games like Quartet and Rolling Thunder? How about games like R-Type, Gradius, and Nemesis? How about games like Robotron, Smash TV, and Sinistar? Did I forget to mention Contra and Jumpman? What do all these games have in common? Risk Of Rain."
,Recommended,248820,8541140,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,magicaos,"This is absolutely worth the buy, addictive, a real good replay ability and one of the most fun games i have ever played.Of course, its always based on the players taste, i will recommend this game for ALL medium players, new people should wait a bit to play this game, because it is quite hard and you will regret getting it, get a bit more of experience in video games and then you can enjoyI know i may not have played it alot, but i know i will.Multiplayer: a very good multiplayer with easy hosting, no need to open an individual dedicated server and configurate it until it works, either port forward it or play in LAN, host a game and have fun! I have not yet tested playing online but from what i have seen, people with bad internet will not lose game experience, it is still as playable.Combat: I have found myself mashing all the buttons when i first played it, with a German keyboard that changes the Z and Y i almost thought the first skill didnt work until i noticed it, after i found out that there is an first skill i got a lot more strategic, you cannot only stand in one place and PEI PEI PEI, you need take advantage of the enviroment since birds that can fly through walls will eventually come get you.Every character has a different skill list, i found every character that i have unlocked so far very unique. The starting class, the Commando is still my favourite and i love to play as a strategical shooter.Unlockables: This game has an HUGE ammount of different and unique items, 10 classes and it will take a while to 100% this game.Every class has a different way to be unlocked, some may be a challenge and others you will just eventually unlock them.What has surprised me the most about this game is how much items there is, and what every one of them do.I have no idea how many items this game has but everytime i find a new one it doesnt a bit like the others, one of them does something special and unique, you can also hold all of the items you find through the game!There are also ""Use items"" that serve like a 5th skill, you can only hold one and i find it hard to choose which one is coming with me, mostly the ones that the bosses drop because they are the strongest and help alot.How does it play: As the trailer says, the game gets harder as you play, it gets harder with the difficulty you choose and its already hard by default. This game is a real challenge, but the challenge is what makes it fun. While you play the game the game count for how many time you have been playing it, it will be filling a bar at the top right corner of the screen and it can get pretty stressful, you always get scared of exploring the world because you will be losing time and fears that the game is getting harder, its like someone is following you.Apparentally the game has many different levels for the stages, there is a variation of teleporter locations and levels that you will get, the map may never be the same.tl;dr: you a patient and skillful player? get it, you new to video games and not patient? dont get itvery funny thanks guysi will be playing this gamerightnow"
,Recommended,248820,15993204,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,[Cash.net] Xgpmcnp,"After 150 hours of playtime and writing the Handbooks to Every Survivalists, I think I've played enough to write a review on this.What I enjoyed from Risk of Rain:-The graphics are really nice, tiny pixels but lots and lots of details!-The soundtrack is divine, really helps for immersion-The ""Time=Difficulty"" feature is great, requiring the player to manage his time correctly or else die-The amount of items is gigantic, making every run unique (Unless you've got Command..)-Talking about Command, the artifacts change the whole game and makes you play very differently-10 different characters that all plays completely differently-The game is hard. At least at first, as I don't feel challenged at all anymore, even in Monsoon (Sadly!)What I didn't like:-The Multiplayer doesn't work very well, extremely prone to crashes mid-game and unable to join back-As much as I love the artifacts, you'll only ever use 3 of them after a while (Glass, Command and Sacrifice mostly.)What I think this game needs:-A randomize button. Press it, and it chooses you a character and artifacts randomly! Since every Artifact and every Character radically change the way you'll play, that'd make Risk of Rain a game where you truly need to adapt to what you have and surely increase the playtime I have on it of another 20 hours minimum.-Less lag on multiplayer. I am unable to do runs of over 40 mins because of crashes on my friends' PCs, and if they fixed just the crashes I would play this forever.-Nerfing Command would be a good idea, because at this point it completely kills the RDM of the game. Maybe make it you can choose but you get a LOT less items on the run, so you get those you want but not as much?It's sad they don't update this game anymore, because it isn't optimized correctly, at least for multiplayer. One of the last updates greatly reduced lag on the Risk of Rain level which I am extremely grateful for, but crashes on Multiplayer kills the online fun..Still, even though I said some bad of this game, it remains an extremely good single player game with tons of replayability (140 of those hours were on solo..) and it is able to make you change your playstyle really often. Get this if you're a fan of any hard game!"
,Recommended,248820,8851655,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Lord Nut,hard fast gud
,Recommended,248820,11695380,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,'Twister,Great Game!
76561198046073498,Recommended,248820,7887702,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,MoonRise,"This game man, this game. Its the better version of spelunky, its the new binding of isaac. The one thing i love about this game-more than the fact that you can play it over and over again without getting bored, and that there are a seemingly infinite number of items that you can unlock- Is that you can play with your friends.Another thing that is FANTASTIC about this game , is that it has a new and unique system , time = difficulty. As time progresses, the game gets harder. Not only does this put a pressure on the player to hurry the F*** up, but it also gives a strategic choice to the player, wether to farm or to go to the next level and try to fight the boss ASAP.Overall this game is fantastic, not only is it just AWESOME, has great pixel art, and a great replay rate but best of all you get to play with friends.P.S. the music is ♥♥♥♥♥♥icly amazing8.5/10"
,Recommended,248820,8671470,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Lumice,"Worst multiplayer support ever, do not buy this game and hope ot play it with friends."
,Recommended,248820,8058242,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,duncecap,If you like dying and wasting hours of time on pointless ventures this is the game for you. Enjoy the first 20 minutes of hardship and tedium and then either die or ascend into a paragon of violence and get your retribution against all who have wronged you.
,Recommended,248820,10823939,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Screech Beef,"YOU LIKE SHOOTINGS OF ALIENS, YES? THEN THIS GAME FOR YOU! SHOOTS MANY ALIENS ON STRANGE PLACES! BE AMERICAN PIGDOG COWBOY AND SHOOT ENDANGERED LIFEFORMS! BE GERMAN AND WARCRIME THE ALIEN! BE OOGA BOOGALA AND SHOOT WITH INEFFECTIVE BOwS!GAMES IS GOOD!9/11"
,Recommended,248820,10454820,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,YihLeego,挺好玩的吧
,Recommended,248820,15068055,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Kosmik,"Insanely difficult. Insanely simple. Insanely vast. Insanely addictive. Insanely fun.INSANE. That's good enough to describe it.+ Massive variety of items to aid in your survival!+ Roguelike action sci-fi platformer!+ Artifacts, similar in nature to skulls in the Halo games!+ Great music!+ Procedurally generated mapping!+ Local / Online Coop, up to four players!+ Your progress is synced to Steam cloud, allowing you to pick up where you left off on another system!+ Full controller support, trading cards, and achievements!+ I've only experienced two bugs, and haven't been able to replicate them since!+ Gets very fast, very /hard/, very quickly!It's one of those games you would try and say to your friends, ""You've got to try this with me sometime."" 10/10."
76561198049252073,Recommended,248820,7933029,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Dispenser,"Sweet god this game is a load of challenge in a tiny package.Risk of Rain has a lot going for it, Challenging, Looks pretty sweet, smooth controls, amazing music, and for once, a game that does permadeath and increasing difficulty correctly. In my opinion at least."
,Recommended,248820,7904306,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,paraguay,Damn this♥♥♥♥♥♥s good.
,Recommended,248820,9073709,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Katie's Hannah,"Risk of Rain is definetely a hard one to review for me.  I find it a rather frustrating game that I continually return to playing and I was left having a hard think on why that is, both in terms of the frustration and in terms of why I keep returning.  Risk of Rain has been something of a mixed bag for me.Someone looking at my other reviews - Teleglitch or SotS: The Pit - will see I'm no stranger to roguelike games and I quite enjoy them.  I don't really find them usually too frustrating and they haven't really seen any ragequits.  But Risk of Rain has.  Why is that?  I think it basically comes down to the fact that the feeling I get from the game is very much that the random nature of the game is such that if you do not get favourable drops pretty much fairly all the way through you're going to have a very difficult time even at the normal difficulty.  This wouldn't be so bad if the easy difficulty didn't penalise you for using it - your progression is not saved when you use the easy mode.  I'm of two minds when it comes to that difficulty.  One one hand, the difficulty is one of the definete genre staples of roguelikes.  On the other hand, other roguelikes I've enjoyed had an element of definete skill to them whereby even with a poor random seed you can still get by if you are really, really good.  Risk of Rain definetely feels exceptionally unforgiving in that random aspect.  It's something to bear in mind.  If you're looking for a more ""rogue light"" experience, Risk of Rain is definetely not what you are looking for, but if you enjoy a challenge, I think you will probably find that attractive in Risk of Rain.  It definetely has that in spades.Speaking of difficulty, one of the more unique mechanics in Risk of Rain is the idea that the difficulty level increases across incremental levels as time elapses, whether or not you are active.  This creates a paltiple tension and as much as I have my difficulty with the random aspect, this particular aspect is something I really like about the game.  There is no rest break in this game, you have to keep going or something will murder you horribly, and that much definetely is a very roguelike thought indeed.  I quite enjoy that part of it.The biggest strength of the game lies in it's audiovisual style however.  It has a very strong and fairly unique aesthetic that is well executed.  I'm actually kind of sad there isn't a soundtrack DLC as I'd buy it in a heartbeat: the soundtrack is utterly captivating and very well composed.  The game itself uses a very ""retro"" pixel art style, but pulls it off well, and the art in some of the monster logs available through the menu are very well-done examples of that particular style.  I just adore the aesthetic of the game, and when I sit and consider why I keep coming back, its to delve a little more into that world and the lore that surrounds it.  It's strange for a roguelike but I get a definete feeling of exploration in learning the environment and it's lore.All in all, it's a very difficult game so if you're looking for a more casual experience, I couldn't reccomend it, but if you enjoy a challenge to your game, Risk of Rain does indeed offer a challenging and carefully-crafted experience that you would be very silly to at least not give a spin.[edit]: Fixed some typographical errors."
,Recommended,248820,7778047,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Chappie,Prepare to have your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ripped off and banged in the butt with it
,Recommended,248820,24586275,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Seraphim,"Go from 0 to God in less than two hours.  If you don't get killed by three bosses spawning at once first.  This game had been sitting in my library for a little bit, I remember trying it when I first bought it and got frustrated pretty easily, but since giving it time it's probably one of my favorite indie titles.  If you stick with it, literally learn to play, that difficulty bar won't mean a damn thing."
76561198172193877,Recommended,248820,33797511,Posted: 25 July,all,Unrelenting Force,"Fantastic game, good visuals, and lots of cool characters."
76561198082337182,Recommended,248820,27949357,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mister L,"It's addictive, fun, and very, VERY time-consuming. I recommend it."
,Not Recommended,248820,23844577,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Captain Avis,"This is in no way a bad review, this is only a warning to those buying the game with friends, hoping to play it right after the instalation from the get go. There is set up required on the hosts end and if you're not up to the task don't expect to play with friends.Game is great, love the game. only thing is setting up port forwarding is sometimes not an option and on top of that, the game is more finicky about it even when you've port forwarded correctly and still able to host a Terraria server or a Starbound server. There could have been a better way to do online for the game. At the very least an easier way."
,Recommended,248820,8431348,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,hard aim pootis serbia,The binding of cave story
,Recommended,248820,8350346,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Paaaulio,"★★★★★★★★☆☆Really fun rogue-like platformer. It's a difficult game to begin with, but as with games like this, the more you play it the better you become. There's a diverse range of enemies, bosses and unlockable characters to play, but the pick-ups recieved aren't all that different as they mostly modify a property of your health or damage. It's not all that noticable, but certainly is something to consider.The levels aren't randomly generated, but the locations of objects within the level are. At first it seemed like this would get tiresome, but it allows you to become familiar with each map layout, exploting different points with different characters.Pros:  Fun yet difficult, lots of bosses, classes and enemies, randomly generated objects on the map.Cons: Somewhat similar pick-ups when looked at as a whole.8/10."
,Recommended,248820,10023364,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,pSeed,"Really nice game. If you're reading this, buy it."
,Recommended,248820,10420313,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Jack $alad,"I really like this game for some reason. It's not that amazing, but it's humble, and pretty fun with some friends. It can be a pain to set up the multiplayer mode, but it's fun when you get it to work and you start trying to make up team dynamics.Some classes are harder to unlock than others, some are just outright better than others. Some items you pick up are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, and others make you a demigod, but you'd come to expect that from a rouge-like-like.For a dev team of two dudes plus a musician, it's darn good, and worth it if you grab it on sale."
,Recommended,248820,9227325,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Jungle Rot the Pyronaut,"Ignore what Steam says, I've been playing the game for well over 60 hours.If you want a challenge, Risk of Rain does not disappoint. Although the concept of getting to the teleporter at the end of each level is simple, and there are only 6 levels in any single playthrough, it just doesn't get old. Ever. After dying 2-3 times I looked up at the clock and an hour and a half had passed. The incredibly addicting gameplay and a near endless amount of items give this game a very similar feel to The Binding of Issac.It's hard, but not unfair.Difficult, but rewarding.Sometimes makes you rage and throw your computer, then pick it back up again and give it 'one more go'.There are tons of unlockables and achivements to test your skill. Beating them unlocks more items and characters as to help you make it further in your next run. Like I said, there are only 6 levels in any one playthrough, but the first four can be switched at random, leading to a total of 10 areas and more to explore. Different stages spawn different enemies, and your teleporter, chests, items, and idols won't be in the same place during your next run. Heck, the same bosses won't even show up. I'd been playing the game for 2 days and found a boss I'd never seen before. Beating the game requires both skill and luck to get the right items. And since no two playthroughs will ever be the same, you can't just expect to get the items you've been hoping for, but you make what you get work.If you like tough games, lots of variety, and simple gameplay that just doesn't get old; Buy Risk of Rain.Also, I can honestly say this game has one of the most fun and just downright enjoyable (yet difficult) final bosses I've seen in a game, which has also become a personal favorite of mine.There isn't much that this game does wrong. 9/10"
,Recommended,248820,9633718,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,HammerHead,"Risk of Rain is a very good example of ""retro"" game done right. All the elements mesh together very well, creating a bizarre adventure full of death, loot and obfuscated storyline. Even though the game was made by one man, in the depths of ♥♥♥♥♥'s amateur game developer's threads, it is truly a must-have for every fan of demanding 2D platformers, and a strong recommendation for everyone else.Full review athttp://www.coffeebreakgaming.co.uk/pc-game-reviews/review-risk-of-rain/"
,Recommended,248820,29064969,Posted: 6 January,all,123456789,"A rogue-like title that proves a great challenge for those in search of it. There are a lot of varying items and enemies. Each and every map also have a few variations of the same map, so the play through is not always on the same maps."
,Recommended,248820,7794711,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Lord Licorice,"If the phrase ""Binding of Isaac multiplayer platformer"" excites you, buy this game. It's a constant race of terror and explosions, until you master it and stack items to the ceiling and blow huge monsters apart in moments, which is incredibly satisfying. It's an absolute blast with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of replayability."
,Recommended,248820,10803560,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Direwolf,Hardest game I think I have ever played...at least at first.If you like getting killed by strange looking creatures...this is the game for you.
76561198105414120,Recommended,248820,11264769,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,O_P_or,"Amazing game, a must play for anyone who enjoys a challenge, really fun too with lots of different ways to play."
,Recommended,248820,11266768,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Varsoon,"Fantastic combat-oriented 2D game that manages to stay fresh by having multiple classes, online capabilities, scaling difficulty, and procedural level generation. Audio and visuals are crisp and refreshing and controls are customizable. There are some bugs and slowdown issues, but nothing that will severely impact gameplay."
,Recommended,248820,7694562,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,"Be sure to bring a towel. For the rain. So you don't get wet.Well, I guess you would still get wet, but you could dry off afterwards.Ohh, unless the towel gets wet.Okay, keep the towel somewhere nearby, so that if it rains you can go get it and dry off. ALRIGHT DONE GOOD TO DO!"
76561198043767935,Recommended,248820,8207752,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,HOLY SHIT IM GAYYYYYY,"Best game I have ever bought on steam. The game is fun and challenging. If you are looking for a game that takes some time to crack and figure everything out, this is the one for you."
76561198009070352,Recommended,248820,8170010,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Turnip,"Very difficult, tedious and horrendously addictive game. It has to be one of the best games I have played in recent years. You will enjoy everything about this game, and beats any main steam games without any effort."
,Recommended,248820,7967186,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,LukteDukte,"Risk of Rain is both unique and the same as any other game with Permadeath. What makes a game different if it's the same game but unique at the same time? Gameplay and the way you change it and interact with it, just a bit. Music, sound and art style counts to.Most games (But not all games) with Permadeath has a recurring Dungeon Crawler theme, go in with nothing, explore, grab the loot and kill enemies to become stronger to reach the goal. Now ""Reach the goal"" can change dramatically how the gameplay difficulty is. Make the goal short makes the gameplay harder and make the goal longer makes the gameplay easier but makes you on edge not to die, like Diablo III or Path of Exile. There is also games with no clear goal(Minecraft and Terraria) that makes the gameplay the same even if permadeath is on, It only makes you on edge when you play.Risk of Rain uses the short goal way(short goal, harder gameplay) but it change the gameplay difficulty to a more timely manner, Time = Difficult. The longer you play the harder the game is. Suddenly the pattern is change, short goal with progressive(time) difficulty. With that pattern and the easy to play controls and the fun easy gameplay becomes much much enjoyable. It's like surfing, riding the difficulty and feel that you can do enything, as long your on the surfing board.I highly recommend you buy it and play it with a friend. It's one of those games that I can play again and again without feeling bored of it's mechanics. A fun unique game."
,Recommended,248820,8463907,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Veckz,"A solid (and nicely priced) game, Risk of Rain is fun and the perfect introduction for newbies into the genre of games with roguelike elements. It's easy to jump into, controls are simple, lots of hidden unlockables for replayability, and the gameplay is straightforward. The straightforward gameplay has its pro's and con's. Personally, I think that it limits the game somewhat, because it does seem more repetitive than say, Binding of Isaac or Spelunky. The randomized levels don't make much of an impact here than it does in Spelunky. And the loose-nature of RPG-styled combat makes battles less intense compared to Binding of Isaac. But the lack of complexity, IMO, is what makes multiplayer possible and enjoyable. Now... if only there was matchmaking for the online."
,Recommended,248820,9046312,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,MageSlayer,"Do you want a challenge? If so then you will LOVE this game. The longer you play, the harder it gets! Try it once and you will be hooked!"
76561198112486897,Recommended,248820,10991094,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Bearing Witness,"It is not uncommon for human beings to find themselves bored with the monotony of regular life. Day after day we find ourselves experiencing new things, yet we still long for something. We feel as if we need an escape from the world in which we find ourselves. This need has given rise to a plethora of movies, books, and games, among many other things, to distract us from our life. It is with this same feeling that I decided to embark upon such a distraction.Leaping forth to immerse myself in a new world, I was excited at the new possibilities it offered. Although my character's landing had been rough, I was optimistic for the future. What never before seen wonders would I uncover. What beauty that had yet to grace the sight of man would I be blessed to lay my eyes upon? The imagination of man falls short in the face reality and I knew not what I would come across. The wonderous awe I felt as my feet touched the ground of this new world would be torn brutally away. Naïvety soon wears out its welcome, as did I apparently.What followed was a quick and horrifying descent into madness. As I gazed upon the flora of this new world, never having seen comparable beauty in Earth's, I was soon greeted with the fauna. A surprising variety of creatures met me with death in their minds. I fought as hard as I could, killing many, but the longer I lingered, the more arrived and the more dangerous they were. An endless flood of enemies assailed me, precious little time was I safe.Worse still were the monsters who were so much greater than the others. Towering beasts of great strength and tenacity hunted me down. Desperation seeped deep into my bones and I began to savour those rare moments when the creatures of a new area had yet to discover my presence.I would watch as the many different beings who so oft fell dead before me lived. They went about their bussiness, so similar to the animals of Earth.Realization struck me, I was the alien in this world, the terrifying invader. I represented an outside force that, if I was being totally honest, would in all likelyhood destroy this world's life for greed.It allowed me to take a step back and gain a new perspective on my existence. 'My' fight for survival, humanity's fight for survival, comes at a great cost. What right did I have to murder so many, just so I could continue on? In what way can I justify so many lives lost for my own? The same can be said for us as a whole. We slaughter our way through countless animals without a second thought. We do not visit new land, we destory it. We do not give to this world, we take from it.It's an eye-opening experience in which everyone should partake. This game is no mere escape, it is a wake up call.Scared and confused by my new outlook on life, I was in a daze. My only consolation whilst traversing this desolate virtual land... it never rained."
,Recommended,248820,7789418,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,PeteTehHitman,"A fantastic game, brutally hard at the beginning, but very rewarding. Super fun to play co-op as well, and seeing as how it's a new game, it has some bugs and kinks, but overall a very fun and replayable game."
,Recommended,248820,14523075,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Pakkidis,"9/10Overview: 2d Rogue-Action/PlatformerThe Good:+10 characters each with their own unique attack and abilities.+Randomized levels every time you start a new game.+Over 100 items ensuring lots of variety+Plenty of things to unlock. You first start out with only one character: the commando and a handful of items. As you play and complete challenges, you unlock more characters and items making it easier to get to the end of the game.+Every good rogue game I've played has a nice sense of pacing. What seems like an impossible task in the beginning slowly becomes easier once you start understanding the mechanics. Making it to the last boss is a very satisfying feeling.+ One of the main premises of the game is that as time goes on, the harder enemies become. This creates somewhat of an interesting balance to the game. Normally you may think that you should just complete each level as fast as possible however this may leave you underpowered in the next level. Take too long in a level and you may find the enemies too hard to defeat. Finding the right balance between killing enemies, collecting as many items in a level and staying above the difficulty curve is part of the strategy.+ I love the music. Fantastic soundtrack.The Average:Although there are 10 character to choose from, some of them are not that good compared to others and some were designed with multiplayer in mind.Online multiplayer community is deadConclusionThis is one of my favorite rogue games on steam. It has an addicting quality to it. Playing each character, getting rare items and having a good run is one of the hallmarks of a great rogue game."
,Recommended,248820,8358536,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,bodhi,"This game is incredibly fun and addicting! Difficult enough to get you frustrated but keep you coming back for more.The more you play, the better it gets."
,Recommended,248820,10295232,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Your Old Pal Josh,"This is a great rogue-like, single player or multiplayer. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,248820,10006418,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,icaroferracini,"Risk of Rain is a great action platformer game.With an 8-bit look like graphics, but still beautiful environments, the game challenges you to stay alive as far as possible. The more you live, the harder it gets.It has a lot of power-ups, many characters to play and the enemies are all random, that means you can play each time a very different game.The soundtrack is just fantastic, it gives all the action atmosphere you need to try to stay alive. I could listen to it all day.The gameplay is pretty simple and it works very well. Easy to learn, maybe hard to master until you find your favorite character.Of course, there are some complications: the online game is a little bit tricky, you must give your IP and select a port to work, but aside that you'll have a lot of fun with this game.I strong recommend if you like platformer / action games."
,Recommended,248820,7985245,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,honorabili,Risk of Rain = Rogue Legacy + Kill Many Robots + Binding of Isaac = FUN = MUST BUY
,Recommended,248820,9064795,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Ash,"Best (neo-)roguelike game I've ever played, a true ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,248820,22489305,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Ingra,Those flying jellyfish are my bane.
76561198039815765,Recommended,248820,8425354,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Pizza Planet,"Listen up yo, if you're looking at this game right now thinkin ""Hmmm. How to pay here for?"" then buy it and play it because it's epic and you won't regret it. You'll die with epic items if you're not smart so swag it up with swift moves of epic justice while raining death upon the plebians, in a risky way"
,Recommended,248820,33778519,Posted: 24 July,all,True Pc King,"very fun game, its the type of game that you play if you want a challenge, but also fun at the same time.this game is 90% more fun if you play with a friend or two10 outta 10 would buy again"
76561198066622280,Recommended,248820,26096839,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Laraza,"I'm bad at writing reviews, so I'll just do a Pros and Cons list:Pros:1) Godly Soundtrack2) Easy enough to learn3) Randomized level layout each playthrough4) Tons of items to unlock and collect5) 11 characters to choose fromCons:1) This game is hard2) Game makes you feel like a loser for dying3) You will die a lot4) platforming is a tad unforgiving5) You need to unlock 10 of the charactersPersonal comments:This game is WAY WAY outside of my gaming comfort zone. I got it out of curiosity, and because an old friend recommened it a long time ago. I'm very bad at it right now, but something about the game makes me want to get better at it. So far I'm loving it and am starting to develop strategies.P.S. Jellyfish suckP.S.S. Snake Eyes suck"
,Recommended,248820,9304112,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,-Sparc0-,Една от най-бързозарибяващите игри (да това е дума) която някога съм играл :D
,Recommended,248820,9640814,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Holy Roman Emperor,"Fun, addictive and hard 10/10"
76561198001020176,Recommended,248820,7814509,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Dry Bones,"Risk of Rain is an enjoyable Rogue-Like action focused platformer with a great soundtrack. Although it has slight problems with game life and multiplayer, I suggest buying this game. Now we shall go onto the specifics of the game.Risk of Rain is a Rogue-Like platformer that has 10 classes; each of these classes has 4 different skill sets allowing for a very diverse game experience. There are 11 different areas in the game, each with a few different stage layouts. Not every session the player plays will actually consist of all 11 areas. Most sessions, players will only see 5 stages. Each stage is laid out very well that isn't confusing nor unfair for combat.The combat of the game is very strong. It also can remain diverse because of the different classes. Each class possses a different skill set that can be used for different situation. The Commando, being the starting class, is the most all around class in the game. The Sniper, being an unlocked class, is the most situational class in the whole game being that it is a boss killer.Like FTL and Rogue Legacy, the game can get tiring faster than wanted. I played about 3 hours on the day of purchase because of its solid gameplay. As the week continued, the desire to play the game and the amount of time spent started to dwindle. I found that after the intial high of the game, I really didn't have a huge desire to play the game. That doesn't mean that Risk of Rain is a bad game. The multiplayer can easily increase the life of the gameThis brings up another problem with Risk of Rain. The multiplayer is not very simple to set up. You have to go through and get your IP and open ports up on your computer. The hardcore computer gamer should be capable of doing this with no problem, but that doesn't mean that the process is not annoying. Dying in multiplayer can also make it a very boring game if playing with someone who is much better. There is no way to revive your friends; all you can do is beat the level or die. All they can do is watch and hope you die.To conclude the review, Risk of Rain is an enjoyable Rogue-Like action focused platformer with a great soundtrack. Although it has slight problems with game life and multiplayer, I suggest buying this game. Now we shall go onto the specifics of the game."
,Recommended,248820,11364923,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,🎃Tay🎃,"Fast paced, move it-or-lose it game, with a focus on upping the difficulty the more time passes. Sci-fi galore, with a focus on light, easy to use abilities, and tonnes of items to give you, the player, an edge on a planet of things trying to kill you."
,Recommended,248820,8429497,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,✪ DooM,Risk of Rain is a very fun and challenging game. It takes a bit of grinding to get all of the characters and items but it's worth it. Everly level is different from the first time you have played it. Bosses vary from the difficulty. Over 100 hundred items to use on a dangerous journey.
,Recommended,248820,10554772,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,e2thevan,"This game is both satisfying to play as well as it is to experience. The atmosphere this game provides is chilling, the way it blends in to the sound of the strange alien landscapes and accents every quirk included in the lore behind this game. The gameplay is solid and each character brings a new gameplay experience to the table. The game is increasingly challenging at the same time it is increasingly rewarding. I used LogMeIn Hamachi to get matched up online with friends, only to quadruple the eerie bliss that is Risk Of Rain.If I were not to recommend this is game to others, it would be a disservice to human kind."
,Recommended,248820,12090331,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,moist,One of my favourite platform-like games - 11/10
76561197991453054,Recommended,248820,8417994,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,formerly,"Risk of Rain replicates the adrenaline of stacking power-ups in shoot-em-up games without the drawback of having to mash continues or keep bleeding quarters.  There is something for everyone in all of the characters and items you can unlock, and the soundtrack is very good, to boot!  This game definitely captures the honest essence of an indie production, and can be great for picking up to kill some time...until you die, that is."
,Recommended,248820,17746626,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Y U DO DIZ,love it
,Recommended,248820,8644236,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,tfw you nut,10/10 learned how to predict the weather accurately after playing.
,Recommended,248820,7979589,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,[WAO] A2x0210,The most intense game ever! Have beaten it twice now and HOLY ****. Almost beat it another time but My RoR partner hit to go back through the levels. 20 out of 10 would buy again.
,Recommended,248820,10604923,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ZuuL,Never had so much fun at the price of a sandwich
,Recommended,248820,10858855,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,A Dear Heart and Gentle Person,How can one little game bring so much happiness?
,Recommended,248820,8366090,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,VeilKrome,This is a really good game if you just want to burn some time. It get really good when you have an unbalivable arsonal of items and you get frikin mobed by all kinds of naisty and you feel like a frickin demi-god. But over all this is a realy good game if you are into hectic shyz.
,Recommended,248820,10937378,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Blaxpear,dishwasher
,Recommended,248820,7847707,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Ducktor Hey Ducktor,"Incredibly fun and addicting, well worth the money. The only thing more fun than the single player is co-op with friends. Give it a try, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,248820,7935577,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Ltteraly Htler,This game is an epic roguelike inspired game... nuff said... buy it
76561198032364781,Recommended,248820,7905972,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,RX159,"What an amazing game, so fun to play with friends, and alone, if you play with friends, it´s just a constant cluster of fun, everybody panics and shouts and laughs, and if you´re alone, you get soooo inmersed with the music and the atmosphere and eventhought your mind is in another planet, it still is a cluster bomb of ¡Sweet Jesus, What is THAT?!!?!?!?1, there really are few games like this, its a must have if you love horde-type games"
,Recommended,248820,11090296,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,the fake Dish0ut,"Warning, Sliiiight Spoilers.Risk of Rain?This is an amazing game, extremely worthy of purchase.When you first play, you are offered one character, the Commando. He has four skills, like you would see in a game like DoTA 2 or Awesomenauts.So you play as the Commando, die a few times, kill some bosses.Then, right as you think you get bored, bam.You reach the third level, and unlock a new character.Or you kill 3 bosses and unlock the Enforcer.Or maybe you even beat the game and unlock the Sniper.Then it gets really, really fun. You start exploring different characters, unlocking more items, and completing challenges.Bring a friend along locally, and the fun just gets funner. Play online, and the same happens.I have not gotten tired of this game after 24 hours. That doesn't happen often with me. 60% of games that have straight,  forward objectives get boring for me after a while.So really, all in all, Hopoo has done an amazing job.(Plus, Hopoo said PvP might be a thing in the future, so that makes it better.)TL;DR:The more you play, the funner it gets.11/10."
,Recommended,248820,7902633,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Tezameru,"This game is like someone pisses through your own urethra, but not ordinary♥♥♥♥♥♥ its vinegar-flavoured needlepiss that shoves itself up your goddamn babymaker. you start out pretty swell and dandy killing some ♥♥♥♥ed up alien-things and the upper right tells you ""very easy"" at the beginning, like its trying to get to know you better before putting some spanish fly in your drink to get you back home for a nice little tube up your ♥♥♥♥♥tand. then when the midgame hits, it tests you if you can take its full load that slowly creeps inside of your body and sucks swallow/spits its cocktail (get it) in and out. if you can just survive that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of a ♥♥♥♥, its gonna let you into then endgame where the hellspawn of satans abortion ♥♥♥♥ing wrecks the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥d existence. 10/10 came all over"
76561198035586686,Recommended,248820,11128818,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,No Dice,"Got this game while it was like 75% off.-Started it up.-Died-Decided I loved dieing virtually in this game-Continued to die-And die-Obtained items through chests and was awarded new items-Got addicted-Decided I wanted more power-Got to boar Island-Item wh*red the s**t out of the boars hence renaming it ""Whoar Island""-Achieved 10,000 health and around 400 items (mostly same items stacked)-Decided it was time to go-Ahnilated everything in my path-Got to the final level-Still almost die to the boss since I'm such a newb-Then realize I was on the easiest difficulty-Cry because I'm a failure D:And yet still haven't managed to try the hardest difficulty because I'm scared. But finally there is a game out there that actually challenges you. What ever happened to these games! It seems like all producers ever do in games now is lead you through the whole game assisting you in so many ways when you don't even want to be assisted. Cheers to this game and its producers for taking a step in the right direction and coming up with a classic style game that should definitely be considered fun not just to people who have played games like this in the past but also to this generation of gamers. I said earlier that I got this game when it was around 75% off after playing this game I would definitely pay full price for it, I'd even pay double the amount of full price. So yes I'd definitely reccomend this game to all types of gamers out there new ones, old ones, fps players, moba players, rpg players, whatever it maybe! This game is just awesome and it gives you a taste of what games used to be like kind of back to the days of the metroid series or the zelda series or the mega man series, Whatever its a good game just buy it all ready why are you still reading this damn review the good part was over a while ago JUST BUY THE GAME ALREADY ITS WORTH MORE THAN THE 10 BUCKS."
,Recommended,248820,14203000,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,VEKrueger,"It's still a tiny bit buggy, but for being developed by one person in their spare time, this game is phenomenal. It's easily worth twice what it's listed for. The music is great, the graphics are sharp and interesting, the gameplay is clean and tight, and it's deeper than the ocean. The game could survive on the strength of the first playable character, but each newly unlocked character adds a whole new dimension to the excellent co-op experience. Be prepared to be frustrated, be prepared to die unfairly, be prepared to make the wrong decision and end your run early, but most of all - be prepared to love this game to death."
,Recommended,248820,9160377,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Maxell45146,"You will die,alot, but thats not the point. The point is to see how many of the other guys you can take with ya before you do. :)"
,Recommended,248820,25734028,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Coldbody°,"Easily 10/10! Best indie rogue-like you can play. It's always something new in every run, extremely either with friends or solo, tons of customization, and for only $10, worth every penny"
,Recommended,248820,11220607,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,GijsSickenga,"Great pixel art, tight controls, a plethora of unique and fun characters, nigh endless replayability and an insane though fair difficulty curve (sounds weird, but makes sense) set this game above its peers. Do yourself a favor and buy this game."
,Recommended,248820,8537979,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Moist Plinth,"Not a fan of the genre but completely mesmerized by this game. It is amazing fun, especially in co-op. Unlockables make it challenging and rewarding. Can only hope for new content."
76561197966157343,Recommended,248820,8730468,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Aeson,"Risk of Rain is an incredibly fun and addictive game. It's a ridiculously fast paced action platformer where you can face dozens, if not hundreds, of enemies at once. Earn money by killing monsters and use it to open chests and shrines to obtain items to increase your damage and health or give you more abilities and skills. There are dozens of different monsters and even more items that make every game a unique experience. Single player is good but coop mode with friends is best. Ridiculous pixelated fun. Highly recommended!!!"
,Recommended,248820,8787640,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Grizzle fo Shizzle,"Nice random ""rouge-like"" game that excels in multiplayerThe game can get ridiculous since items can stack multiple times, making you the most overpowered mother ♥♥♥♥erEach selectable characters have their uniqueness and worth a playthrugh for each oneThe downsides to this game though are the poor multiplayer server handling, lack of content, and slow and boring gameplay at times (having to walk across the level at a snails pace).Game needs more levels and bosses, but its still worth it if you got friends to play with"
76561198052355537,Recommended,248820,8583506,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,dog?,"This game is incredibly fun, and is able to find that sweetspot of being extremely difficult without being frustrating. Easy to learn and simple to play, this game will have you coming back for another round time and time again. Also, it has easily one of the best soundtracks I have ever heard. I highly suggest this to anybody; it's worth every penny."
,Recommended,248820,8488133,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Wolfmor,"Fun and addicting game, often found that I lost track of time while playing.  You kind of get that Super Smash Bros feel with the unlockable characters which drives you to play more and each character has their own unique stats and skills to further increase incentive to get them.There's plenty of replayability however I don't feel the game is worth the full price of $10.  There is simply not enough content to market this game at that price since there are only 10 characters and once you have all of them unlocked your only reason to play is to unlock the other power-ups that have a chance of spawning or Monster Logs for some lore on the monsters you're fighting.I recommend this game only if it's on sale."
,Recommended,248820,8566332,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Defiance,"Very impressive work by very few people. The soundtrack is good, the pixel art is amazing and the atmosphere of the game is great. Would recommend to any fan of 2d sidescroller combat games."
76561198172472950,Recommended,248820,21484928,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,sn33ky,this is a  great game but it should have an endless mode
,Recommended,248820,13124833,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Baddy,neds mor abilites pls4 is♥♥♥♥♥♥kid10/10gives good head for 4
,Recommended,248820,11209608,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Raptoris,"Risk of Rain is quite the entertaining platformer rogue-like. What I particulary enjoyed, was;-The characters. Even though I cannot play some of them, such as Sniper or Engineer, they were quite fun to unlock.-The simple objectives. Although the game is so simple, of which all you need to do is find the teleporter and eradicate any remaining enemies, you know how to play Commando, itemwise and abilitywise.-The replayability. No matter how many different characters you have unlocked, or how many times you've beaten the game, you always can play it much more than you thought. It isn't something where you have to mod it to be able to play it again (Yes, I'm talking about you, Minecraft.), instead, it teaches you more about the characters you play, and what items are best for  them.-The soundtrack. This, made me so immersed into the game, from what I had seen in TotalBiscuit's review of RoR, really stood out. I turn my volume to 0%, and my Music to 100% in the game options. I just fight on, using every artifact or a few, listening to the soundtrack.-The final fight. This can get annoying if you don't set up a strategy, much like the game Spiral Knights, when you are fighting the Royal Jelly on the 5-2 mission 'The Soverign Slime', you will get destroyed. I set up a tactic, as I had read about Providence after getting destroyed on my fight with him.Overall, everything is well-made."
,Recommended,248820,12123629,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Big Nick,I like it.
,Recommended,248820,8416623,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Telarus,"Amazing, randomized roguelike game with a fantastic soundtrack and multiple characters. The scaling difficulty is very well done. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,248820,9075905,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Shine,"One of the single best games I've ever played. Class based multiplayer rogue like.Pros: Great re-play value, co-op, multiple classes, lots of unlockable content, hard as nails, wonderful visual style, EXCELLENT music.Cons: Slight issues with co-op if players have high ping, sometimes buggy."
,Recommended,248820,8709596,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,jeb,"The difficulty can be annoying at first, but everytime you start over you (usually) progress a little further. Playing with another person makes the game a lot more fun. I can easily beat the game with a friend, yet still haven't beaten it by myself. 3+ players runs into the issue of limited items and can be very difficult if the players arent experienced.Very addicting, would recoemmend."
,Recommended,248820,8672005,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,• Tasho,"Good fun.Chaotic, a bit slow to start, but as it ramps up it just gets crazier and crazier.Single Player is decent, but the game shines pretty well multiplayer.Full of unlockable items and characters,Plays best with a gamepad (360 controller)Easily able to get a 1hr/1$ out of this title."
,Recommended,248820,8416927,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,big siccle ☭,"This is the hardest-hitting, most action-packed roguelite in my library. The art and soundtrack are incredible, and the ten unlockable characters provide tons of replayability. The <time=difficulty> mechanic is unique and keeps the game exciting because it causes farming to become progressively more dangerous.Ten characters, four unique skills each, three difficulty levels and over a hundred items. It's a blast with friends if you can manage to get the online feature working (still a bit buggy at the time of writing).9/10: get this game!"
76561197971194991,Recommended,248820,8447004,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,-G- Midnight Lasers,"DO you like shooting the shiiip out of monsters and tons of bad rear upgrades? DO you like platformers and non stop action? Well then this is the game for you. Its fast paced, skill based Megaman (jump and shoot man) style action, with a touch of random items and stages. There are so many upgrades, some with two D's, for a double dose of upgrayedd. You are going to have a better time than two pints of beer, which is how much this game costs. GET IT!"
76561198118907446,Recommended,248820,10630391,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Colefroman,you get to play as some object thats so small it looks like a sperm.butt naked nasty
76561198047461941,Recommended,248820,8571683,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,MY PLACE IS AT THE TOP,"Amazing game, if you like rouge-likes. Excellent mechanics, and easy to learn, hard to master."
76561198079549863,Recommended,248820,8718642,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Synaxin,"Risk of Rain is a difficult rogue-like action platformer that will have you striving to get to the finish. with quite a few classes to unlock, you'll have fun for hours on end, trying to beat the final level."
,Recommended,248820,8393060,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,nicholma,"I really like the game, the art stlye is great and the difficulty level of the game feel right. If you fail if feels like it was your fault and not the game."
,Recommended,248820,8520227,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,getxclean |HB|,"If you are into going up and down, and left to right while pushing buttons on your keyboard furiously this is the game for you. 100% fun."
,Recommended,248820,8587989,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Gentleman Bast,"Awesome game with fantastic music. One of the few modern games that manages to be difficult without being poorly designed or ""douchey"""
,Recommended,248820,8582435,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Big Pancake Mcdichael,"What can I say about Risk of Rain? It's probably my favorite game of 2013, with great soundtrack, beautifully stylized visuals, and simple yet engaging gameplay. It's so much fun to collect items and watch your character slowly turn into this insanely powerful being, only to be slapped down on a later level and restart the whole process again!"
,Recommended,248820,8705897,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,CustardKing,"This Game is a lot of fun,it can be hard to play by yourself but with friends this game is fun,addictive and crazy you'll spend alot of time trying to get the item you need but it worth the effort when you spend minute's or hour's in the game."
,Recommended,248820,8249110,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,grImsoul,"If this was run in an arcade, it would be a token eater.The Good:- It's a boss rush- Execution and strategy based platforming- Pixel artThe Bad:- The game ""system"" is a bit difficult to understand before 1st complete playthrough"
,Recommended,248820,13110651,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,snolan,the soundtrack is ♥♥♥♥ing godlike10/1
,Recommended,248820,10864404,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Cobalt Racer,"(TL;DR: What are you doing reading this, buy it now gogogogogogo)Risky Rain is a game where you play as a guy called Commander Risky. The plot is you and some other people are space mailmen, trying to deliver♥♥♥♥♥♥when your ship starts exploding and crash lands on a planet, and then you have to get back to it before the space monsters surely eat your flesh.The game has three main difficulties, ranging from cup of water to Atlantic Ocean, and has a difficulty timer in game that starts at 2ez, and then just laughs at you for the highest one for some reason.There are 9 other persons who you can play as if you do some stuff, with my favorite being Handy, the robot janitor (I like him because he has a hammer). There's also these weird black rocks that make the game play all weirdly, so use them at your own risk (HEHEH, GEDDIT!?).the gameplay consists of running around trying to not get killed. When you kill the monsters, they drop money and glowy balls, which make your life numbers bigger. To survive however, you need to use the money to lockpick boxes and buy stuff from vending machines. you can play this by yourself, or with other people sitting next you (player cap 4) or with people from the internets (up to 10 with settings adjustments! WOW!).all in all, I give this hard fun game 2 potatoes out of 3 apples.Edit: Scorpion from Mortal Kombat and the Swedish Chef are now charaters due to an update. +1/2 Potato for this."
76561197992886766,Recommended,248820,7708207,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,Honorable_D,"Wow, this is quite the little gem. A very, VERY hard little gem, though!Imagine Contra combined with Binding of Isaac and some Rogue Legacy and you'll have a basic gist of what this game is about.You start the game with just 1 class but as you do special events and just plain find the new classes hidden in the levels you'll unlock more. Each class has 4 unique abilites with different lengths on their cooldowns though most classes have 1 spammable ""basic"" attack with no cooldown.  Examples of some abilites are the Commando's Suppression Fire that has a 5 sec cooldown but blasts for huge dmg and stuns enemies and then there is the Engineer's Thermal Harpoons that fires 4 heating-seeking missiles for great damage! The classes really are cleverly designed and balanced and they offer a sometimes totally different play style.And then we have the loot.Oh yes, like Binding of Isaac there are many unlocks you can have fun getting plus just tons of items from the get-go. Items are crazy such as a shoulder mounted missile launcher, a cursed mask that turns killed enemies into ghosts that help you, at least 6 different kinds of drones that follow you and auto-attack enemies, magic mushrooms that sprout up and heal you super fast if you stand still for a few seconds, a tesla coil that chain zaps many enemies that get near you... I could go on and on.This game also has multiplayer co-op if thats your thing though you do have to fiddle with port forwarding or Himachi.All in all its a great lil game for only 10 bucks if you love action roguelikes/platformers!"
,Recommended,248820,13856819,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,n3on,"Really fun game. Lots of classes. Lots of powerups. Once your get going, you can't stop8.5/10"
,Recommended,248820,8274305,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Brototype,"Pixely roguelikelike with light platforming where you play a tiny dude collecting the scattered loot from their cargo ship and shooting their way off a hostile planet. Great looking pixelart style, fantastic music, controls are quick to grasp, every class plays completely differently, the game is generally hard as balls without being obnoxious or unfair, and you're going to love it when you reach the point of vomiting secondary damage effects and projectiles with every other shot.There's also a ukelele and the gunslinger dude wears a cowboy hat on top of his e-suit helmet.It's great both solo and in co-op, play it."
,Recommended,248820,7608738,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Army of None,"Like most games with roguelike elements, takes a bit to 'click' but is a surprisingly clever game. If anything, reminds me of Binding of Isaac but platforming mechanics instead of SmashTV mechanics. Excellent atmosphere, good gamefeel, overall very recommended."
,Recommended,248820,14319922,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,dangernigga22,"Bought it for the campaign, 10/10."
,Recommended,248820,11212568,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Mobilderek,This game will mock you if you die.And this is not weather forecasting game.
,Recommended,248820,14323843,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,PapaSaL,"Risk of Rain offers many hours of dying over and over again while collecting ridiculous powerups and killing heaps of enemies to the sound of a fantastic soundtrack.This if for you if you like:Challenging gameplayLootPlatformingShooting thingsSweet, sweet music"
,Recommended,248820,10531614,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,30 rocks,Bustle the Fungus
76561198115058707,Recommended,248820,9575738,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,mirbus,Great game- takes practice but absolutely worth the ten dollars
76561198050420091,Recommended,248820,15594897,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,SNAP OVERSTEER,ez gem
,Recommended,248820,8283813,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,DroopyDawg,"Really enjoyed this game, However fairly short not many levels, Defo worth the £6.99, although the other characters didnt do much for me."
76561198068704801,Recommended,248820,10329153,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,ƉẴƝƵǾ,Very addicting fun and most enjoyble with friends. Great way to pass a lot of time very quickly.
,Recommended,248820,10805738,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,"Strat'z ""gfmoney""","Amazing game. You're basically doing runs of dungeons and levels with a characters with a particular set of skills (you unlock more as you go). Farm monsters, get items and get stronger and then defeat the boss in order to advance. Fast, fun and addictive gameplay with an amazing soundtrack to go along!I recommend you buy the 4pack and play with your friends: truly a great experience."
,Recommended,248820,11345148,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Jamboo,"a really great indie game that is fast paced and full of action, so much better than isaac"
76561198075385739,Recommended,248820,13517875,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,AkmalRaihan,BEST GAME EVER !!!! 11/10
,Recommended,248820,13480169,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,龍神♥,whelp bought yesterday for 7.50now on sale for 2.50instead of being lame and such how about i say BUY THIS while you can.
,Recommended,248820,15471287,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,MoreEspressoMeansLessDepresso,"Best Indie game i've played so far. Great level design BEAUTIFUL soundtrack. And the bosses, just utterly amazing. I Reccomend this game to ANYONE who loves shooter/Indie games. Thanks to developers to releasing this game for us Gamers to enjoy."
76561198140050785,Recommended,248820,11133616,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Deelaun,"I would recommend to anyone whos likes a challenge and good things. Insanely fun and addicting. The soundtrack of this game is submersive and ominous, but the game gets really intense listening to your own music. Sound effects are retro but not annoying, you can almost feel the explosions hitting your enemies and the sounds of bullets hitting their flesh.I have never enjoyed the idea of perma-death but this game has opened up that genre to me, it does a great job of making you feel like ever playable charcter is different, and the speed at which the difficulty, as well as your own strength, on each playthrough provides for excellent fast-action that is really addicting. And on top of everything its online an local multiplayer!The atmosphere and small shreds of story we get from this game are excellent builing blocks for a game that question the human vs. nature relationship, this is built from assumptions incredibly sparce dialogue, and the tormented thoughts of a lone survivor adrift a hostile planet. While these intriguing elements of story and atmosphere are present, they are not so ""in-your-face,"" rather, appearing in monster and item descriptions, these small attention to detail is immersive, interesting and not at all distracting of the core game. A perfect balance of incredibly strong replay value, and a good incentive to keep playing to unlock this worlds story, which we end up caring a lot about.The graffics are very charming and pleasing to the eye. No matter what of the 10 characters you play, your are always a small  pile of about 30 pixels. Not to say that they were lazy at all, no. Rather, the simplicty and smallness of your charcter is great to look at and really makes your feel small in a world of things trying to kill you. The monsters are the same way, though they are larger than you(some very much so), they feel like true inhabitants of the world youve landed in. Bosses feel and look powerful and their deaths are satisfying. Graphically the world around you looks amazing, like the remnants of an ancient alien civilization. They really put you in concern with your characters need to survive.Overall, I give this game a 9/10. The reason not a perfect score is the only could use some tweaking. The difficulty, graphics, upgrades, items, collectables and secrets keep me coming back for more everytime I sit down to my computer. Never, have I put so many hours so quickly into a game that was inly $10. It was worth every cent twofold"
,Recommended,248820,7891275,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Morg,This game is amazing. If you like challenging games this is the perfect game for you. It's extremely hard but really fun!
76561198051547965,Recommended,248820,8502085,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,SoFistDecayDead,I effing approve. You buy now!
,Recommended,248820,11129817,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Zenya-san,"It makes you want to bash your head against the wall, but in a good way."
,Recommended,248820,10710638,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Kor'El Azryte,"A very fun randomly generated rogue-like side-scroller. The ten different characters each have a different set of attacks allowing for different play styles, from long range single target damage to melee crowd control. Different items augment your character in a variety of way, from healing with each hit, firing missiles on hitting an enemy or raining meteorites down when you use it. Artifacts also alter the way the game plays once unlocked, allowing for extra challenge.The goal of each level is simple, find the teleporter, activate it, hold out against the spawning enemies and boss/es and get to the next level until the finale. As time goes by the difficulty increases, meaning enemies get tougher and bosses will start spawning randomly, this forces you to balance between collecting items but risk increasing the difficulty or go as fast as you can while losing out on items and not being as powerful. Combat-wise the game is simple but is not easy, careful use and timing of your abilities is key to survivng against the alien hordes.The game has solo play, local co-op or online co-op (The online lacks UPnP and so requires port forwarding). This is a great game, and is better if you can play co-op."
76561198054475408,Recommended,248820,10869410,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Selvacier,"There is a certain appeal to rogue-like games and Risk of Rain is no exception to it. The game offers a replayable challenge through randomization of levels, items and monsters. There are many achievements to complete and things to unlock. Most of all the game is hard and it gets increasingly harder the longer you ""survive"". The game is easy to learn and the learning curve feels absolutely natural.This game is a great experience."
76561198060593306,Recommended,248820,7999001,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Tickle Pants,"Risk of Rain, is one of those games that reminds you why 2D is still relevant. Despite the fact that the sprites are very small (and I mean very, bring your glasses) the games runs amazingly well and is very rewarding. The ability to use different characters and play with friends is also a huge  in its favour. What also makes the game so much fun is the ramdom power you compile along the journey. This creates some really cool and unique situation that rerquire different play stiles each time.I would give this a solid 8/10.Ticklepants"
76561198091983930,Recommended,248820,10596342,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Spooncer,This game hates you.... its beutifulAlso the Cremator needs to be nerfed
,Recommended,248820,11877782,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Dennis,best game ever 10/10 ign
,Recommended,248820,7985254,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Tren,"Fast, Frantic and fun.Brutally hard but rewarding with a host of unique characters.Co-op really puhes it into the 9/10 bracket both local and online(via direct connect no lobbies I'm afraid).If you enjoy leveling, progression and intense combat you'll want to risk the rain."
,Recommended,248820,10943975,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Xevozfighter,"Awesome game.  Each class has a different set of moves designed to be play different ways. There are always new items and secrets to discover giving the game a lot of replay value.  Artifacts can be found that change the gameplay adding even more fun and challenge.  There is also a deep story hidden behind all of the combat which can found by reading the item and monster logs as well as the description under the name of each boss.  Singleplayer does a good job making you feel alone while the multiplayer can get you and your friends into hilarious situations.  Would highly recommend, but I prefer using my X-Box controller over the keyboard for this game."
,Recommended,248820,8015482,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Wrenchfarm,"Harkening back to the day of the 8 and 16-bit platformer, Risk of Rain is deliberately inscrutable roguelike that relishes in its masochistic difficulty curve. Skipping any kind of pretence of a tutorial or any of the modern hand-holding gamers have come to expect, your little spaceman is dropped into a random, semi-procedurally generated map with little more than the vague instructions to ""Find the Teleporter"" to go on. Vicious monsters begin to spawn almost immediately and it doesn't take long to realize how hopelessly outmatched your little guy is, and it only gets worse from there.The central conceit of Risk of Rain, and what makes it stand out from the pack of other recently released roguelikes, is the timer. A large clock in the top right of the screen mercilessly ticks upwards with every second. The longer you take, the more frequently the monsters spawn, and the stronger they grow. Every five minutes, a bell marks the passing into a higher level of difficulty, starting at ""Very Easy"" and eventually tipping into the realm of ""impossible"" and ""HAHAHAHAHA."" If you haven't been efficient at collecting upgrades and items, you may soon find yourself surrounded on all sides by monsters you don't have a prayer of defeating. The mission quickly turns from ""how far can I get?"" to ""how long can I survive!?""There is an incredible sense of urgency packed into every second of RoR because of that timer. Every choice and action becomes crucial. What way to you explore after spawning? Should you stay in this area and try to clear out enough monsters to earn enough gold to open another chest, or just book it while you can? While you only take miniscule fall damage, you'll be cursing yourself each time a missed jump forces you to reclimb a ladder, burning precious seconds.As you might be familiar from games likeThe Binding of Isaac, RoR features a plethora of items to be found. Most of these apply some kind of passive bonus to the character like a better chance for critical hits, a bonus to regenerating health, or a small demon in a jar that might cause enemies to explode when you kill them, you know, standard stuff. Others occupy the fifth slot in your inventory to be activated at will, usually with a tremendous cool down period before you can use it again. These are your typical screen-clearing bombs and the like, as well as more esoteric (and deceptively powerful) options like a Repair Kit that will instantly fix up any drones on the screen.And much likeIsaac, part of the fun of the game is watching the strange transformation these items will wreak upon your tiny spaceman. You start as a small blip of pixels, a little speck that seems hopelessly outmatched by the towering wildlife and monstrous aliens. But all of that can change with a few lucky item drops. Wreathed in barbed wire, encircled by a fleet of drones, randomly spewing missiles, summoning poltergeists, and leaving a trail of fire at your boots, you may not even recognize your little explorer by the time you reach the final stage.There are additional character classes to unlock. While you start with only the standard Commando in his adorable bubble-dome, it doesn't take long to expand the selection.Each character naturally promotes a unique style of play with their skills. The Mercenary and Miner feature agile fast moving attacks that double as dodging manoeuvres, encouraging you to keep it hopping. The mechanical HAN-D robot on the other hand has a suite of moves designed to keep him in the thick of battle. An Overclock boost increases his speed and power and can be extended by pounding multiple enemies. His brawling prowess is complemented by an array of seeker drones that can autonomously fly off and leech back health from the enemy while he fights, and so on. Learning how to best utilize each character's tools and abilities is essential if you hope to weather the storm.Multiplayer gives the individual characters a little more room to breathe and express themselves. Some of the more idiosyncratic classes that I thought were a bit lacklustre in single player came into their own with a team. I was worried that adding more players to the recipe would spoil the difficulty of the game. This is definitely not the case. While the extra firepower and the ability to split up and search for the exit certainly makes the early stages easier, having to share the loot and gold among 2-4 people means none of you will become the fearsome blackhole of alien destruction you might be used when hogging every trinket for yourself. By the final stages you'll need to work together as best you can to manage the laughably unfair hordes of nearly invulnerable monsters.While playing with random strangers results in the typical mad scramble of greed you might be used to in something likeBorderlands– where every player jumps on every item they can in a micro-demonstration of the Tragedy of the Commons – playing with a coordinated group raises the game to the next level. When you can actually coordinate who gets what items based on what they need or what would be most useful for a particular cast member, you can cultivate a truly spectacular team. Multiplayer goes from being a fun diversion, to feeling like it's the way the game is MEANT to be played.Which is why it's such a shame that it is absolutely broken.Connecting to an online game in Risk of Rain gave me some wonderful flashbacks of the late-90's. Eschewing any kind of server browser or quick-game connection UI, Risk of Rain expects you to manually input the IP and port number of your host. I haven't texted somebody an IP address in nearly a decade, and while the nostalgia trip was nice, it is a decidedly horrible way to run a multiplayer game.It is an unbelievable shame that RoR's multiplayer is hamstrung in such a fundamental way. When I was able to find a match and everything worked, it was some of the best co-op I've played this year. It taps directly into the same impulses that made games like L4D and Gears of Wars Horde mode abiding favourites with my friends for years. Sadly, I don't think I'll be able to convince many people that putting up with all the frustration of getting a match together is worth it for RoR. I know Hopoo Games is a small group, but this was a real missed opportunity that could have taken their game from a being a fun little title to something great.Risk of Rain is a sad game. It deals in desperation, in hopelessness. Rendered in a gorgeous faux-retro pixel-art style, everything in RoR dwarfs the player. The music, brilliantly composed by Chris Christodoulou, is tense, haunting, and worth the price of admission on its own.  While RoR is intentionally light on story, the background of the game is slowly filled in through the shipping details of the items you scavenge throughout the game and a journal detailing the monsters and wildlife you encounter. Many of these little descriptions were surprisingly wistful or tragic, and by the time you've collected the last monster log, you'll probably start to feel like maybe you were the jerk in this situation.That feeling helps carry the game. Risk of Rain isn't as smooth as something likeIsaacorSpelunky. There's more technical jank, items spawning in unreachable areas, containers floating off the ground, and the gameplay isn't as balanced or fair. Where part of the skill ofIsaacorSpelunkyis being able to roll with the punches and succeed despite bad luck, there were definitely times in RoR where I felt failure was out of my control.But flaws notwithstanding, I kept comming back. That sad wistful tone and the wonderfully balanced characters just dug into the right spot of my brain.Risk of Rain might not be the most polished roguelike to hit the market in the last few years, but it has a charm all to its own, and I think that is a fact to celebrate."
,Recommended,248820,10463981,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Jaymz Fray & co.,Excremely fun Single and Multi-player.One of my favorite games.
,Recommended,248820,8597172,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,TehSeph,"Extremely fun game if you can handle the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t it dishes out at you. Until learning how to play the game properly, I can remember dying countless times on level 1 thinking to myself ""I need to stay here until I am stronger"" but this is NOT the case. The goal is to move as fast as possible through the levels while at the same time gaining enough money to purchase as many items as you can. The fun of this game is not in compelling storytelling nor in level design or other simular things. The fun comes from replaying the same scenario that murdered you on the previous run... only this time you have a bazooka, 50 drones, gasoline, a ukelele, and a thirst for vengence!"
,Recommended,248820,13358760,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,kf,Awesome hardcore rogue-like game that requires you to race with the time in order to win. Its really hard at first but you'll get better eventually.
,Recommended,248820,8700694,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,eb891,"I bought this on a whim, without knowing much about it aside from it being a roguelike. If you're a fan of the genre, get it. It's more addictive than you can give it credit for. Do you explore and get the last few items you may have missed, or do you continue on before it gets too tough to survive? The art and music are great, and add to the atmosphere in a big way.Classes are greatly varied. There's tons of replay value here. You can't go wrong. Get it now!"
,Recommended,248820,10733999,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Dirty Doug,"Beat this game on my very first try it was very easy for a gamer like I, all my years of a harvest moon Harvest vally Horse Racing Festival champion really propelled me to plow through this ♥♥♥♥♥log of a game, If you ever want to play a basic mario rip off this game isnt for you its much more like golden axe or maybe guns and roses 3 add me to skype if you want to talk it out champ cya later420/69"
76561198011964152,Recommended,248820,12084836,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,turkmenistański wojownik nocy,"Risk of Rain has some interesting mechanics. One of them is hoarding many various items in order to survive, which seemed appealing and awesome to me.  And my oh my, was I right.You start as a stranded, fragile and little (in comparison with other monstrosities on this planet) human. On your first playthrough you will most likely die before 10 minutes pass. Actually, you will die a lot. But with each and every playthrough you'll get better and better, collect more items, learn monsters. Eventually you'll get a good run, and this where the fun begins. You can repay the deadly fauna, mowing it down in many fashions. You are the master now.I hope that made some sense, but it's hard for me to describe this feeling. You got to feel it for yourself.I've played many games, but this is one of the few that capture the feeling of satisfaction really good. I strongly recommend trying this game out."
76561198043460860,Recommended,248820,14663933,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,ShiddleMcFiddleDiddle,A diamond in the rough.
76561198064482495,Recommended,248820,15925813,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,PunLord,Amazing game although I wish they updated more frequently
,Recommended,248820,9130923,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Raz,good gnice gametcnew enginenothing can compare to the fit and finish of game maker sedenza
,Recommended,248820,17151495,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,X-tra,I like it
,Recommended,248820,14231204,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,kmmot,Don't buy.Too well made.
,Recommended,248820,10519070,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Jack👌,Worth every cent.
,Recommended,248820,7780315,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,zbuttram,"The game can be VERY challenging, but is less frustrating than you would think and is one of the more exciting and fun rogue-like-like games I've played in recent memory. New players may definitely want to consider easy mode and/or playing co-op to begin with."
,Recommended,248820,7790380,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Рыбные лесбиянки,I just...I love it.
76561197966674539,Recommended,248820,9413981,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Mikeronomicon,"Risk of Rain is a fun, incredibly difficult rogue-like. It opens with you crash-landing on an alien planet and the goal is to survive long enough to get back to your ship. Along the way you will encounter mobs that get more difficult with time, and plenty of items. The items are worth mentioning because you unlock the bulk of them by completing challenges through the game, and they can really make or break a run. This is also a downside, as sometimes you get a bunch of healing items, but I've never played a game where I felt like I was doing enough damage, and by 45 minutes into the game weak enemies will have 2000 - 5000 hp, but you are still doing 100 - 200 points of damage. The randomness of the items does make it fun, and some runs you will get a ton of helpful/awesome items. I have yet to tire of this game, having played for nearly 100 hours. The art is fantasticly done, the music is good, and the classes feel different and varied enough. I only have 2 complaints: The aformentioned item snafu mentioned previously, (seriously, sometimes the items you get in the first stage are so useless that you'll have trouble making past the first boss) and the lack of full controller support. Having to use the mouse to select things, including my character isn't a make or break for me, but it is unfortunate.I never tried the multiplayer, so I don't know if it is good or not, but the single player is a lot of fun and pretty addictive, especially if you don't mind playing for an hour only to die and have to start over. I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a challenge."
76561198095393714,Recommended,248820,12753883,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,hopdiggitydog,"Risk of rain is probably one of the best games i have met in my life i really aprecciate it, the only problem i have with it is the bugs where i sometimes play, i cant move and the only action that works is the pause menu (Esc)"
76561198040959560,Recommended,248820,8468093,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Expellionas,"The music, the gameplay, the sheer enjoymnt of the game makes it worth a buy."
,Recommended,248820,8099438,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,d3monshadow,This game is Flawless.No problems at all.Worth the money.
,Recommended,248820,9079889,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,MarcoDeGammo,This game gets harder as you play it.It hates you. You love it because it hates you.You ask a friend over and tell him how you love it.They discover the game hates them as well. They kind of like it but hate you for doing this to them.They leave buy the game and continue the cycle of hate.This game will eventually find a way to hate everyone eventually.10/10
,Recommended,248820,7855758,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,mamma mia,I really love this game. It's a restart when you die game. It's also got hours and hours of content available. Loving it so far.
,Recommended,248820,8908046,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Crisis,"So I looked back at my review and thought, ""Damn I can't review things.""  So i'm back trying to give a better review, anyway the game is much like one of my favorite games of all time:  FTL:  Faster Than Light.  It's a game with pain, suffering, and death with it's permadeath and brutal Difficulty.  But if thats not a turn off for you then you should have a great time, with it's beautiful soundtrack, action platforming,  ten distinct characters each with unique abilitys, and awesome randomized items and some what levels your in for a hell of a good time.  Oh and damn good co-op also."
,Recommended,248820,8552237,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Cryotechnician,"Risk of Rain is one of the most entertaining time-takers there is. It's really neat, well put together, and hot damn does it feel good near endgame. It's just fun."
,Recommended,248820,8581453,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Jyasatin,I wasn't worried about it raining. Just the horde of monsters constantly attacking me.
,Recommended,248820,8587521,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,fairylemon,"I voted for myself and now I feel terrible.I am so sorry for being a bad u guys it's just sometimes I don't know what comes over me and I do things I regret, I hope you all can forgive me if I have hurt you with this terrible act but I promise I won't let it happen again next time I will think before I rock the vote.I really can't even look myself in the mirror rite now because the bathroom lights out but even if it wasn't I still wouldn't be able to out of shame. This has been a real I opening moment for me, and I will become a better, less selfish G8r because of it. If I could take my vote back I would but you can't on those polls. It really is a shame you can't it just like the voting irl. If there is ever an other poll like this I will note vote for me. I'm really really sorry everybody."
76561198048674155,Recommended,248820,7799774,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Martras,"This game is something that needs to be out on the market right now. It is another very challanging game where yes you will die a lot of times, but you will always just come back for more because the combat in the game is just so damn satisfying. You always restart the game because you have that mentality in your head of ""If I can just do this a bit faster before the game gets harder and have the right items, then I can actually do it!"", and long behold you die again and rinse and repeat. And while you get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked by this game you will enjoy satisfying, action packed combat along with an amazing soundtrack composed by Chris Christodoulou to go along with the game. And to top off all of this greatness you can even bring along some friends and get all of your asses kicked at the same time and have a great time."
,Recommended,248820,7620664,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Coregan,good little game. im fgood at the games
,Recommended,248820,7908738,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Mef,"Great rouge-like platformer with all kinds of crazy equipment. 10 classes with 4 unique abilities each.It has solid singleplayer but I had the most fun playing it in co-op. But it's a bit pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to get it working because you will have to forward a port on your router to host a server. But there is also community where you can find some pre-hosted lobbies which makes it easier to play with random people or not worry about hosting your own server, you'll find how to join it in one of the guides on steamhub."
,Recommended,248820,7695491,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,CommandoDJ,"Its been a while since I have made a recommendation, and for good reason.  I only make recommendations when I whole heartedly believe the game is not good, but truely spectacular in my mind.  This game encapsulates the rougelike genre and seemlessly moulds it together with a platformer.  It adds its own spice by introducing more powerups to find in your runs as you achieve different feats.  And if you are careful enough, you might spot some of the secrets that hide some of the characters and items.  Its only downfall is the lack of variety in the level set up as it is not truely random.  But the first 25 hours of this game, I have had the time of my life, and I look forward to playing more of it.  Hopefully they expand this game further to have more levels and more level variation and it will be perfect."
,Recommended,248820,7810579,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,[UGUF] Merkules,"It will take a long time for you to get bored of Risk of Rain.  Even though the game length itself is pretty short, you definitely will not win the first time you play due to how difficult it is.  But it's an addictive kind of difficulty, the kind where you immediately fire the game up again after your death, just to see if you can get farther.Unlockable characters and items definitely help keep things interesting, as does online multiplayer.  If you know how to port forward, multiplayer with even just one other person is a blast.The fact I can't stop playing it after having bought it says a lot about how fun it is."
,Recommended,248820,9368005,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Felknar,"Audio issues aside, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing crack. I love it."
,Recommended,248820,11970191,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Old Spice Odor Blocker,"Game is a lot of fun in co-op, but frequent updates would've been superb."
,Recommended,248820,15646680,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Inciner8,This game loves to crush my dreams. I love it
,Recommended,248820,13824124,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Metal Socks,"Actually there's more of a chance of cloudy skies, but some bright sunny days at the end of this week. Including a holy amount of SHOOT THAT THING! *Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z*"
,Recommended,248820,10074060,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,ndrago1,anyone can run this game and it's very addicting
,Recommended,248820,13990910,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Anaximandrew,ez g8m
76561197975112124,Recommended,248820,11001203,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Cpt.Monte,"Another pixelated rogue-like game that does not disappoint!   This game gets progressively harder as the timer counts on, giving a sense of urgency to quickly level up and collect items to better combat the waves of enemies, and bosses.What's that you say?!  Level up?  That's correct, the enemies drop experience and money; giving the game an RPG element to its action.You unlock different classes of characters, each with their own specialities and skills.  Also its co-op, and thus the only reason I'm posting this review, so I can get my lazy friends to buy this game, when they'll just be like""OH, Cpt.Monte, I buy these games you reccomend, and we play it for two days, and never play it again""just buy the game, guys.  Jesus christ"
,Recommended,248820,15597130,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,eyjafjallajökull,fireworks x20 = win10/10
,Recommended,248820,13207093,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Lawlithon,Played so much my friends got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
76561198010549421,Recommended,248820,10853069,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Orpheus,"Risk of rain is a fiendishly difficult 2d shooter with roguelike inspirations. The game starts out fairly simple, you're on an alien planet, and need to find a teleporter. The first stage of the game is not too rough, however, as time progresses, regardless of your progress, enemies begin to ramp up in number and strength. This creates a dilemna, do you throughly search a level for items and monsters to kill for experience? Or do you rush the teleporter, fight the boss, and move on quickly? It's these decisions along with many fun characters to experiment playing with that make Risk of Rain shine. If you're a fan of 2D shooters, or roguelikes and don't mind dying many times over in many situations, definitely make time for this game."
76561197999214052,Recommended,248820,10144291,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Meerschaum,Great fun. Expect to die. This is a good thing.Gradual unlocks are nice.
76561198059461319,Recommended,248820,10545391,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,YOU KNOW I HAD TO DO IT ON EM,"This game is great, i love being able to have fun playing this game over and over again. The replayability of RoR is great, nad the soundtrack is beautiful"
,Recommended,248820,10871134,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,EviL,One of the best rogue-like games!Risk of rain is very challenging and fun     8.9/10
,Recommended,248820,15705350,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Gay Spagetti Chef,"Much fun very wow, play with friends for much exciting."
76561198130202704,Recommended,248820,12633452,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Dinjinn,"This game is really fun, and has alot of cool enimies, and unique items. There are alot of levels and characters too, so i really reccomend you buying it."
,Recommended,248820,14304489,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Bladey,"Almost perfect game. Multiplayer is broken though. Like...completely. You MIGHT fix it with Hamachi...but no matter what anyone says, for some people with certain hardware configurations its 1000% broken. And there's no real fix for it. And the maker of the game stopped giving a crap."
,Recommended,248820,14168614,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Sjöberg,"You are running out of time.Every second you waste increases the difficulty of the game to a degree thats just silly.You have to get enough items in the early levels to be able to wreck faces and even then its hard. There are tons and tons of different item, some utterly useless , some completely overpowered. A nice variety of mobs and bosses.BUT THAT MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING SOUNDTRACK THOUGHSO GOOOOODThe multiplayer is a bit buggy, but its easly fixed with hamachi and such.Super hard to beat alone, still hard to beat in co-op.You earn different classes as you progress and find things, all of them viable in their own way.TL;DRIf you want a hard rewarding pixelated fast paced permadeath space survival platforming simulator with awesome soundtrack, you should buy this game"
76561198042011398,Recommended,248820,7901785,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,2-HandedPopsicle,Great game. Awesome mix of action and platforming. The game changes every time so it's a new playthrough every time you play.
,Recommended,248820,10247106,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,rasberry sasquach,wow good
,Recommended,248820,21684317,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Nivro,"Never thought I'd have so much fun with this game!How many times did I die at the beginning, its hilarious.Pro's:- Multiple classes- Many unlockables- Difficulty increases with time past ingame.- Permadeath- Fun at either playing solo or with randoms.- Lots of replayabilityCons:- Takes a while to unlock all classes.- Needs to portfoward to host games.The only downside of this game is that it doesn't have a good multiplayer lobby. You need to portforward to host a game. But if you can get it to work it'll be a diamond of a game!"
76561198058382076,Recommended,248820,12197553,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Sapis,I have to say that i didn't expect to enjoy this game so much. Highly recommended and worth the buy!
76561198034600665,Recommended,248820,10095608,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Sabrebear,"This is a game you should play. It's an action roguelike, and every playthrough is short, which might turn some people off. However, the mechanics are geared towards this setup. The pacing of the game works nicely, sitting in the nice groove that MOBA style games lie, where games are long enough to be engaging, but short enough to be quickly replayable.Difficulty increases as the time runs up, and metroid-style exploration in the game's levels next to that adds pressure to the time. Should you explore the level with the money you've received by beating the boss and his minions, or hurry to the next level to make sure the game stays at a good difficulty level? Should you stick around and grind, or push for the final boss as fast as you can? These quick decisions make the game engaging, along with the Artifacts system, well-balanced difficulty settings, and co-op play to add to the replay value.The item list is also impressive, with one of the artifacts allowing for the fun of min-maxing your character, and the default setting making most items random, adding to the spontaneity of the game. Items can be unlocked with challenges that test your knowledge of the character's skills, or put you in interesting scenarios. For instance, one of the Commando's (the initial character) challenges involve using his tactical rolls to evade fatal blows, which helps ingrain skill with the character.The only gripe I have with the game is the rate at which new characters are unlocked. Many characters must be unlocked through hidden events on the map, which are difficult to find without guidance. While this approach is fine for Artifacts, which are supposed to be hard to find, some characters are ridiculous, like the Robot Janitor HAND-E's hiding spot-- which is hard to find except by accident.Overall, I would thoroughly reccomend Risk of Rain. Go buy it!"
,Recommended,248820,10068208,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Slippery Fat Man,Amazing game and I reccommend it to anyone who is interested in rogue-lites. It is very fun and the different classes combined with different items give each character their own depth. No one playthrough is the same and all of them have different experiences to get to the end. It's tough as nails at times but very satisfying to play. With the introduction of the new artifacts it gives an entirely new feel to the game. Different characters have different builds to do better with which is a lot of fun. This game still has many more hours for me and I keep wanting more. I am a little biased though. It is amazing and everyone should give it a try out. Easily worth your $10.
,Recommended,248820,25807514,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Xólotl,"You stop.You lose.Never has a game punished me for scratching my nose 70 minutes into a run10/10, because no pity shown."
,Recommended,248820,11324531,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,General Golgfag,"Honestly one of the most worthwhile and fulfilling games I've ever purchased. Incredible amounts of content for the price, and a steep learning curve that is very satisfying to overcome."
,Recommended,248820,25697021,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,DickRick FjellFinn,"Best rouge lite game on steam. it has perma death, but you dont care because the game is so good and i would recommen trying to play all the classes and use all the artifactsbest indie game of all time"
,Recommended,248820,11963139,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,(rd)dash78u1,ohhhSNAP!!!!
76561198059629158,Recommended,248820,21882050,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Senpai Simplicity,"In the beginning, you will hate this game. It is rediculously hard... until you get the hang of it.Once you understand how to use and play your character of choice, this will rapidly become your favorite game in your library.PS- practice in drizzle mode for a bit before you go to rainstorm/monsoon ;)"
76561198088290621,Recommended,248820,21071707,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,[B5] Papa_Drigo,"*First ten minutes* Why can everything kill me so easily??? What the hell a giant magma worm??? *cries into keyboard...**2 hours in* I am the allmighty angel of death, fear me as a lay waste to all that oppose me"
,Recommended,248820,25914627,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,iSola7ion,How to truly win at Risk of rain in 8 easy steps!1) Acquire 56 leaf clover(22+)2) So many white chests you don't know what to do with your life3) Decide on grabbing bundles of fireworks(50+)4) Open container5) Watch your frames drop6) More bundles of fireworks with the white chests that drop from the elites you killed7) One-shot final boss because you used the healing station8) Crash game from 600+fireworks exploding at once65/56 would play again
,Recommended,248820,8390405,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Joel The Dragon,"Really surprised me on how fun and interesting it is. Nice system with the unlockable items and good job on the level incresing over time, making racing against the clock and speed running a sure thing with this game after completeing it the first time. Classes are fun to use, and fun to learn. Overall good game ^.=.^"
76561198047162087,Recommended,248820,11151919,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,💛💛Loyhoy💛💛,It never rained...0/10
76561198044930091,Recommended,248820,10807798,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,The_Mustard_Tiger,"Have not beat level one yet, but I love it.  Hard as♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198046905324,Recommended,248820,7865032,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,DeadMeatZBR,"I saw some videos and pictures of the game, so I thought, ´´this game looks cool``,so I played for 5 min, I spoke THIS GAME IS F*CKING AWESOMETotally recomended"
76561198096022330,Recommended,248820,13483743,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Moog,"This is a stupendously addictive and strategic platformer shoot-em' up that is easy to jump into but hard to play purely out of its difficulty. It has a kind of difficulty that reminds you that any death you have is purely your fault without any kind of gimmicky artificial difficulty garbage to frustrate you. The game features tons of items/upgrades that assist you on each playthrough and several unique and likable classes that you unlock as you progress. In terms of the game's atmosphere, it feels eerie and action-packed with just the right level of retro arcade style vibes. All in all, I highly suggest you play this as it is perfectly built and fun every time you pick it up."
76561198052021297,Recommended,248820,8603369,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,ecjohnus,This is one of those games that come around once in a while that you dont expect to be as entertaining as it seems and then get blown away. to some it may be a bt generic in its apearance but i found this to be a shining gem in the quary. I will be playing this game a lot for quit a while.
,Recommended,248820,32880126,Posted: 27 June,all,Apocram2222,"Risk of Rain is like the original Donkey Kong got shmup style powerups, making a roguelike platformer.  No two playthroughs will be EXACTLY alike, and with the difficulty growing with every passing second, your decisions are all the more crucial.  Grind for money to open a chest, or get the hell out of dodge?  Spikestrips or Fuel tanks?  Speed or health?  Stand your ground or keep moving?  Not to mention a diverse and fun roster to fit your playstyle.  My only real gripe:  playing online is not streamlined.  But it's still a blast to play solo and easier to keep track of your items."
76561198000943605,Recommended,248820,8650397,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Leona the Goddess,Risk of Rain is an awesome rogue like that balances getting through levels fast with getting good gear for your character. The characters themselves are all unique and all play differently. It's an addicting romp that will make you wanting more even after you die. 10/10 play this game
,Recommended,248820,11040731,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Cold Dingo [33rd],Haven't played the multiplayer yet but I love getting my a** beat in single-player. 8.5/10
,Recommended,248820,14486660,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,jd,"This is one of those games that you want to play for ten minutes and end up spending an afternoon on.It's a great game, with online/offline co-op, simple but engaging gameplay (each character has 4 buttons: a standard attack and three specials with cooldowns) and permadeath. It has some roguelike elements and a very good unlock system, implementing the old standard of 'I must collect all the things' with the added utility that the 'collectibles' are actually bonuses that work for your current run.The lore is interesting, the art is pretty, the gameplay is hard (or easy, depending on your luck in-run).While there are unlockable characters, they are not better than the starting character, but simply different. Each new character supplies a new way of playing the game and a total change of perspective.All in all, buy it. And if it's on sale, buy two."
,Recommended,248820,10802877,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,ArinsMind,This game is hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,248820,13012369,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,｀ ◡ ´) majin,"another stage running game like binding of issac/rogue legacy, but with coop.  coop adds alot of value over its competitors."
,Recommended,248820,12293530,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,electriicat,currently contemplating on quitting my job so i can play this 24/7.
76561198271954086,Recommended,248820,25793129,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Dank Weeb,"I just beat the game on Monsoon difficulty. Acrid is too stronk. (Not really tho, he just has good crowd control abilities)This is probably one of my top 5 games to date, top 10 definitely. From all the different artifacts, characters, items, monster logs and achievements, this game has a lot of content for 10 bucks. Quite a steal if you ask me."
,Recommended,248820,14291715,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Bee,its not even raining i do not recommend
76561198066765262,Recommended,248820,27975335,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Arth666,"Risk of rain is a very enjoyable little game.The gameplay is good and there are a lot of different items, which all offer new mechanics. The game strikes a great balance between permadeath and progression by allowing you unlock new items as you advance.This is one of the few games which distance themselves from the 'collect everything meticulously to grow strong' trope. It's certainly a breeze of fresh air in that regard.With it's many items, characters and mechanics, this game can offer many hours of varied gameplay."
,Recommended,248820,9241062,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Notesurfer,"Risk of Rain has large pool of potential, but ultimately it dries up too quickly. The gritty pixelated visual style conveys perfectly the sense of almost-overwhelming struggle as you grind your way through hordes of monsters to escape the planet. The music is epic, blood-pumping, and catchy, imbuing the player with a sense of awe and urgency. Unfortunately, the level generation features only a handful of different layouts per zone, which makes each playthrough feel very much like the last. Varied enemies and classes break up the monotony very well, but, like playing with different action figures in the same sandbox, one begins to tire of the surroundings. The zoomed-out field of view and slow player movement give combat a sense of grandiosity and scale, but after a few hours of play that can easily transform into frustration of pace. Most characters and achievements can be unlocked on ""Drizzle"" (easy) difficulty, which de-incentivizes playing on the harder difficulties. The types of items you find can also make or break a run, meaning that later levels are often either tedious (as you slowly chip away at enemy health) or boring (as you steamroll over them).Risk of Rain is definitely a fun game, but for long-term enjoyment it stagnates as many small problems coagulate into a somewhat unrewarding experience. It is definitely recommended however, for its unique feel: the production is exemplary, with gameplay and atmosphere bound up seamlessly into one experiential package."
,Recommended,248820,16638618,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Toast Sweat,"Buy it. I don't know why your reading, and not buying and then playing.You want to know what its like? It's fun as hell. Multiplayer makes it more fun, yet harder,Thbe traiuler dosent do the game justice, it looks and feels a lot better once you play it. I love the music, and the controls remind me of DOTA or LoL, but don't let the comparison turn you off.This game is absolutley amazing."
,Recommended,248820,13115369,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Dad's Gaming Addiction,"Incredibly difficult and challenging rogue-like...not recommended for those who get frustrated easily and often spike their 360 controller off their desk in frustration.  With that being said, this game will compel you to keep playing and do better with each passing game.  Worth a buy, especially when it's on sale.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0aTHhyOxJY"
,Recommended,248820,9135545,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,✪ ﮎhαrP,"Awesome. Action-based game with a lot of replay value, also keep in mind that this is the type of game that is likely to update so expect more to add to the almost unlimited range of items and characters.Play with friends for maximum happiness."
76561197999938027,Recommended,248820,12227292,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,"Gwyn, Lord of Cinder","It's good.It's hard and items are random. Kind of like Binding of Isaac, you might have some trouble with unfavorable starting items before you get better.As you kill stuff and get better at the game you unlock new items to randomly drop and new characters, so gameplay stays reasonably fresh.I got a little burnt out from playing it too much but every once in a while I can come back to it.This is all a lot more than I can say for most of my games."
,Recommended,248820,8406249,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,[RT] Jdog90000,"You always feel like it's your fault you died. Half an hour in got 5 drones on my back, buffs for days, and you let your guard down for a second as you get swarmed and just like that you're dead.It's the brutal reality of Ris of Rain. It's all your fault. It's always your fault.  It's kind of like my parents in a way except you actually feel like next time you have a chance of winning."
,Recommended,248820,11341771,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Based Mailman,Good game to play by yourself and with friends and by yourself offers a unique difficulty system and a variety of characters 10/10 would buy again
76561197970302383,Recommended,248820,10729953,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Skare,This game is so damn addictive and so much fun. Can't stop coming back for more!
,Recommended,248820,8138505,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Luckz,One of the best choices for the Roguelike games in steam
,Recommended,248820,9074241,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Richard Conway,"Great, if you like rogue-likes. It's hectic, but not overwhelming. It's a lot simpler than the trailer looks. It'll take a while to play, even one run takes quite a lot of time, on average I spend around half an hour on only the first level. The ""It gets harder over time"" is genius, as you try to go fast, but at the same time take your time and grind to be ready for the boss at the end of the level. As much as it has the elements of a platformer, It's a minor feature, and it's not a thing you should be really thinking about when you decide to purchase. It's a ""Rogue-like platformer"", but at it's heart it's a Rogue-like. Oh, one last note, the music. Ohhhhhhhh, the music. Wonderful.7/10, Good, but... I dunno, it just, could be better. Maybe I just haven't tried the multiplayer yet. I'll update this if I get the chancne to try that. All in all, buy it if you feel like it's you cup of tea. Otherwise, find something else."
,Recommended,248820,13620233,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,bucky.young,"4/5 stars, challenging, should do more with the graphics"
76561198036602413,Recommended,248820,21153202,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,peterdas1,Its an incredibly fun and addictive game and you can get it for quite cheap. However getting to play online is very complicated as the game doesnt have its own servers.
,Recommended,248820,22383023,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Voodoo,"A greatAn addictingAnd everything moreRoguelite gameWasn't expecting much from this game due to low pixel graphics but I was extremely wrong. The game has so much depth and ""fairness"" to it. I believe it was TotalBiscuit who said ""When you die, its your fault not the games"" because you could of done better. Absolutely love Risk of Rain and completely surprised by how much fun it is. When you die, it doesn't feel like the end of your run, just more ""Alright, that was an amazing run but I bet I can do better next time"". Excellent game and can't begin to recommend it enough."
,Recommended,248820,30182312,Posted: 25 February,all,DrOpEnZ,23:00 o clock yeah this seems like a good game. 00:00 o clock well came this far i'm not giving up. 01:00 o clock well so little items (have like 2 lairs of items) need more. 02:00 o clock finishes the game looks at the clock... WTF i playd like for a good half an hour and the clock is 02:10 daquck...
,Recommended,248820,9931319,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,GnilinG,"Really brilliant concept,  simple and efficient design  and very unique aesthetics  ... highly recommended .Get 4 and gift :) youll want to"
76561198111190049,Recommended,248820,34223640,Posted: 13 August,all,NayrZaBear,DO you like Rogue likes? Do you like to shoot 50 missles out your♥♥♥♥♥every other time you shoot? Do you like KickAss soundtracks? Do you like the crippling feeling of lonelyness? Then this is the game for you
,Recommended,248820,16409028,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Thatnewguy,The only fault I can see in this game is that there's no modding support.
,Recommended,248820,15964528,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Feinex129,"Risk of Rain is a 2d platform game where you have to survive in a foreign planet with the aid of the item you find scattered across the planet.After you find the teleporter in a stage,there will be a countdown to when the teleporter will be fully activated.Don't worry,you won't be doing nothing during the countdown.Spawn rate of monster will be increased and the boss will spawn as well.After defeating the monster in the stage,you will be teleported to another stage.Before you enter the final stage,you will get to visit previous stages that you complete(loop).Remember time=difficultyPros-Item varies your gameplay-Unique character with Unique skills-Good level of difficulty-interesting stage mechcenics-Good amount of items-active and passive do their part in ensuring your survivor-multiplayer-Artifacts That greatly affects your gameplayCons-Limited kinds of enemy-Somewhat weak boss design-items are not interesting/unique(items do basic stuff like increase dps/health regen etc)-Final boss is not thrilling instead i find it boring-multiplayer do not work well(connection issue/timeout)You might say that the stage structure generation is not random as a con this is because it is to ensure that the Artifacts are obtainable and accessableOverall,i think this is a great game and you should get it.However boss fights are boring as yo can scum the boss by getting to a place the boss can't access.I Find myself getting into the game and you probably will7.5/10 Great game"
,Recommended,248820,34643698,Posted: 31 August,all,Angelus,"I loved the steadily increasing difficulty and the randomness of the level generation,The power ups mean no two play throughs are identical,It's a great little game"
76561198174034094,Recommended,248820,34682310,Posted: 2 September,all,Moth,"Awsome.This game is hard and very, very fun. The world and the soundtrack are also beautifully crafted."
76561198040953161,Recommended,248820,10970426,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Melo,Excellent if you like foreheading your keyboard every 5 minutes as the game gets *just that much more impossible*10/10 must play
,Recommended,248820,8680185,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Hoff日天,Wonderful action game. Numerous items and weapons. Good pixel art. Extremely difficult.Also include a hidden level which reference to the MMORPG Maple Story.Moreover it's hard not to say abt that awesome soundtrack.The only down side is the online co-op mode. P2P connection with IP adress is quite inconvenient.Definitely recommend!
76561198059329725,Recommended,248820,7707863,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,The Rev Ricky D,"Amazing game.  If you're into Rogue-likes and/or you love great music, this game is for you.  :P  Stellar soundtrack.  Simply divine.  Helps that the gameplay is super addictive as well.  Had to fiddle with the controls to get it to my liking, but once I did, I was so hooked.  :)"
,Recommended,248820,32959225,Posted: 28 June,all,Krimz,"This game at first sight looks real bad, but give it a try, its not that bad."
76561198066691628,Recommended,248820,10959789,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Hidden Warrior,"Fantastic side-scrolling action game. Plenty of items, artifacts, and characters to find and unlock. Tons of replayability. Great for co-op."
,Recommended,248820,29115759,Posted: 8 January,all,RehabTwist,"Very good 2d platformer with lots of unlockable characters, great stage design, very good soundtrack, amazing bosses(some), F*cking dank powerups, and very unforgiving gameplay. if you like platformers this is as good as it gets.8/10"
76561198082978190,Recommended,248820,8203886,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Inward Flux,"Very fun, but even better with somebody to play with."
,Recommended,248820,9935640,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Karp,"Bought this game at full price and it was worth every penny.Takes all the best aspects of roguelikes, horde modes, and 2d platformers and meshes them all together in an atmospheric and beautiful game. The soundtrack is also good and I ended up buying that, too.$3.39 is a ridiculous sale price and it's a complete steal. Buy pls."
,Recommended,248820,7926652,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Cortez.flac,"This game has very high replayability, and also knows how to keep you on your toes while button mashing your way to the very end."
,Recommended,248820,13533757,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Midvinterblöt,send help
76561198128121595,Recommended,248820,34913582,Posted: 12 September,all,zachwax,"I love this game, and recommend it. I've played this game over and over again (67 hours). The gameplay is great, the characters are unique, and the music is sublime. It's simple enough to pick up and try all the items and characters once you figure out how to survive. Playing co-op is probably one of my favorite memories of this game. Completing the game and getting all the achievements was a blast. Best feature was the Glass and Command artifacts in my opinion."
,Recommended,248820,15775154,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Birdmeat,"MULTIPLAYER IS BRETTY DIFICULT TO ACTUALY PLAY DUE TO PORT-FORWARDING STUFF NOW STOP CRYING IN THE FORUMS JESUS. Best and easiest way to do it is to buy tons of cola and snacks and just have a good old fashioned LAN or 1-Screen round of fun.Crispy clean pixel graphics and fantastic music accompany this fun rogue-like platformer.You play as the worst space-postal-service-worker/space-truck-driver ever and lose your entire shipment of cool artifacts due to faulty bad guy teleporter shenanigans...or atleast thats how I understood the story. I like being the space-mailman.The game is pretty hard at first, but you will really notice that you are becoming more skilled after playing for some rounds. You will unlock cool new items to use in later games as well as neat and unique characters! The items you will find are, of course, all randomly generated. You will have to adapt your playstyle ever so slightly depending on what items you find. That being said, it is possible to play well even if you are not really happy with your item-combos.There is a bit of skill and know-how involved. Randomness and your own input and choices are well balanced.At the last level, you will have the option of traveling to the boss of the game or re-visit previous levels. If you re-visit old levels repeatedly...like...waaaay too much....may god have mercy on anything that stands in your way...."
,Recommended,248820,15229560,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,The Izzmaster,"Really pretty. fun, and addictive.  Also really great for the price! I HIGHLY recommend getting it."
76561198011173385,Recommended,248820,8586728,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Man of Science,"So hard, but so good."
76561198066761821,Recommended,248820,8814393,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Baxter McButtfuck: Hall Monitor,"packed with 25 vitamins and minerals, its the taste kids love, with the nutrition they need to stay active"
,Recommended,248820,10383508,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,kfshradio,"Risk of Rain. A game that prides itself on being insanely difficult. Right off the bat, a red flag. But! RoR is easy to pick up, with a small set of skills that must be executed flawlessly in order to beat the game (unless you are playing Huntress. Huntress OP).The game's selling points are perma-death (new term for ""arcade"") and its rougelike elements. Drops and enemies are randomized, while the ten possible maps are stitched together out of pre-determined chunks. It has a degree of arbitration while retaining familiarity to those who repeatedly play the game. A nice balance.The game is one of the best examples of modern pixel art that I can think of on the top of my head. It's really pretty. The movement is also very polished, with no little kinks as to how you are supposed to execute attacks--the ones you would find in games like CS:GO and Dark Souls.What's better yet is the game has multiplayer! PvE. But, this is where the shortcomings of the game begin. Multiple players are forced to fight over a fixed amount of item drops, which either requires a lot of teamwork, or having one person be the ♥♥♥♥♥ of the team who is insta-gibbed at the beginning of each stage because his teammates stole all the upgrades. While this allows for some strategy, a necessary part of good multiplayer, the scaling is just too unforgiving. Multiplayer makes the hardest difficulty look like child's play.The class balance is also a little wonky. Some classes are very easy to pick up (Huntress, Soldier, HAN-D), while others require ludicrous amounts of skill. Making some classes more difficult while others less so would make the game much better to play.Bottom line: If you are looking for an easy-to-play, hard-to-master game with decent multiplayer capability, get this game.8/10"
,Recommended,248820,8156465,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,lain_^p,"A massively fun co-op platforming game that unfortunately gets less and less entertaining due to the lack of interesting maps. Success can be largely dependent on the items you pick up early on, but that's also what makes this game fun."
,Recommended,248820,9834389,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,CapnBiscuit,"You play as a meteorologist who needs to determine the weather for the next several days.  However, since you are a tremendously bad meteoroligist, you can only determine whether or not it is going to rain.  This is not at all what this game is about."
,Recommended,248820,20204427,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Fozzai,Risk of Rain is probably my favorite rogue-like game of all time.
,Recommended,248820,11734108,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,שלום,I feel cold while playing it.@Update:Did I say cold? I meant wet... *sighes*
,Recommended,248820,10077343,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Opnauticus,Is fun for a while. 12/17
76561198144863274,Recommended,248820,30629554,Posted: 19 March,all,Azathoth,I lost a game because it crashed after 2 days of farming items. 11/10 would play again.
,Recommended,248820,15579581,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,an person,"This is one of the best games I've ever had the privilege to play. Sure, it can seem obtusely difficult at times, but when you mess up and die it's never the game's fault. You really feel like it's you that made the mistake. The exoctic alien planet you traverse throughout the game has been beautifully modeled with retro graphics, and the soundtrack is one that I would place very highly on a top 10. I would even go as far as to say It's even better than some other  popular roguelike platformers out there, such as Rogue Legacy and Spelunky. It could be that the gameplay is based more around combat, or that the difficulty increasing over time mechanic is unique to this game. You have to find a balance between slowing down to get money (or muney), tracking down items, and rushing to find the teleporter.  All of these make for an extremely polished and addictive experience, and the game doesn't take much processign power to deliver gameplay constantly at a silky-smooth 60 FPS. With several classes to unlock, artifacts to find, over 100 different items, and unlimited replayability due to random elements, this is probably the best 10 bucks you'll ever spend."
,Recommended,248820,9739821,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,"Jebus, Son Of Gode","I give this an 8 out of 10. The gameplay is challenging, and it keeps you deciding whether or not to be rushing to the next level in hopes of beating it faster, or exploring for as many items as possible beforehand.The multiplayer can only be played with by friends who share their IP with you. This is one of the two flaws with the game that I have noticed. But other than that, what can go wrong with cooperative play while trying to survive together? Multiplayer takes teamwork. You cannot just hog all the items and expect your partner to survive.The other flaw is how things work with item unlocks. They force you to either get them by going into the game and actually only trying to get said acheivement, or you just play normally and barely get any of them. The less items you have unlocked, the less likely you are to succeed at this game, so start farming those achievements!A strong game overall with few flaws, would definitely reccommend this for anyone who likes a challenge, pick this up if you have the money. You will not regret it."
,Recommended,248820,12590572,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Zeb,"Risk Of Rain is a game based on finding the portal, But there are things standing in your way like enemys,Trying to level to get more health and your deisire for Buying Items, But there is one thing that trys to stop you from farming off of enemys and Its a little something I call ""The Death Meter"" you willl see a meter in the corner of your screen and it will go up slowly but over time ou will see it might have raised a good bit over time, the higher the bar goes, the tougher it is to get XP,Coins and also More enemys Spawn and are harder to killIf you let this bar to up to high it might be (Even Impossible) to defeat the boss gaurding the portal, Due to all the other things that spawn and try to kill you,Lets say that you enter the portal, you expect your 'Death Meter' to go down but when you find out whats really going on,you will be on the edge a little bit,If you get To the portal every hit that you take may depend if you make it through or not But,One thing is for SureYou Will Hate Jellyfish"
,Recommended,248820,7742535,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,PedroP,"Great little game, fast, can be played in short sessions of no more than 1 hour, amazing replayability due to the random nature of items you get and very hard and rewarding experience, amazing soundtrack (can be seen and bought here:http://chrischristodoulou.bandcamp.com/album/risk-of-rain), the art style doesnt please me that much but its not bad, its competent, character model is a bit small and sometimes trhings can get very confusing when you have 300 monsters on the screen and youre shooting lasers everywhere, but still very funoverall great games for everyone that enjoys a good challenge, the platforming is a bit weak but the focus on combat is great, every class has a kit of 4 skills, a bit like dota champions that makes them pretty unique giving the game even more replayability, also very good coop, fun, but a bit messy, if the internet of the host is not good enough it can get very laggy, and if you dont know or cant open ports on your modem you might not be able to play at all unless you use hamachi or other programTl;Dr: great game, would rate it 8.5/10+great value+great gameplay+great soundtrack+lots of replayability+good selection of classes and items-issues connecting on multiplayer"
,Recommended,248820,7745874,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Ansob,"Do you like Roguelike-likes? Games that are really fun? Games with excellent pixelart and terrific music? Games that are side-scrolling action-RPG/platformers? Games that are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ hard but pretty fair? Games where you can become ludicrously powerful and laugh at everything the game throws at you as the whole screen explodes? Games with both local and online co-op that actually works?If you like any of these, Risk of Rain is a game you should buy. If you dislike all of these, I pity you and your miserable existence."
,Recommended,248820,7782702,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,"vermin ""verminium"" supreme","This is by far one of my most favorite games of the year. It's like an old school shoot-em up, like Contra, pushed to 11.There are currently 10 classes in the game, each with a different skillset, so you should find one you are comfortable with. The classes range from a sniper who can one-shot bosses under the right circumstances, a riot officer who can plant his shield on the ground to absorb all damage from the front but renders him immobile and an engineer who can plant turrets and mines. You unlock each class by doing various objectives like beating the game or doing a mini event.Each class has four different abilities. You start out with the Commando who is very very good and is one of the best in my opinion (but I like the Huntress more). His primary damaging ability (spammable) is dual shot which fires two shots for damage,  a railgun like ability that fires a straight shot piercing all enemies, a dodge roll that gives you invulnerability frames, and an ability that can fire in both directions for quite a bit of damage. The overall combat in the game is very satisfying and if you die you know it was your fault and not the games. The game also has native 360 pad support, which is what I use to play, not so sure on the ds3 pad support though.There is a selection of active items you can pick up that can do some pretty cool things like summon some backup drones or summon a shadow clone to mimic your abilities. There are also many passive items you can get that give you various bonuses like enemies drop meat cubes on death that heal you when you pick them up, every 4th basic attack will pierce and summon bolts after you kill an enemy that will seek out others and damage them.The difficulty in the game can range from easy to holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this is the worst thing in the world, it really all depends on the items you get in the game. You can get some insane items on the first stage that can carry you through the rest of the game, like Infusion which grants maximum health on each kill or 56 Leaf Clover which makes farming much easier as it makes elite mobs, ones that have a white border around their health bar, have a chance to drop items.The level variety is really nice as they include a snowy levels, lava levels, underwater levels (no drowning involved!), and a space ship. There is also a hidden level in the game, can you find it without looking it up? The levels in the game are procedurally generated meaning that there will never be a chest inside a wall or the teleporter to exit each stage isn't inaccessible.The soundtrack in the game is just amazing, that's all I can say. Go listen to it for yourself! My favorite track ishttp://youtu.be/iSnOWqTPUNQ. If you want throw your money at Chris Christodoulou for this amazing soundtrack athttp://chrischristodoulou.bandcamp.com/album/risk-of-rain.My closing words are BUY THIS GAME you will not be disappointed onebit.http://fc01.deviantart.net/fs70/f/2012/199/d/0/shut_up_and_take_my_money_by_lolikips-d34yx16.png"
,Recommended,248820,7742680,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,S+,"This is an incredibly fun 2d roguelike. Like other roguelikes, it is possible to be killed throughout the game because of a simple slip up, and there is a reliance on getting the proper items in order to succeed in later levels. It's very possible to die on the first level simply because you don't find any useful items.The emphasis on ""permanent death"" for a character may be offputting to some, but beating the entire game takes about an hour, and dying is not a tremendous setback. The fun comes from the gameplay itself, not the progression to the end.The game is definitely worth $10 based on the singleplayer alone, and I've put many more hours into this game than games with a considerably larger price tag, but if that is not enough for you it has up to four player co-op. The multiplayer is fun but expect to die a lot more often. Money and experience is split between players which can make progress difficult, as items are not shared.This game is a great example of the roguelike genre, and great value for an individual or group of friends."
,Recommended,248820,7750651,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Door Master,"This game is actually rather addicitve, it took me while to buy it, because my brother was REALLY trying to convince me to buy it, and when I watched gameplay, I couldn't see the appeal, but I eventually caved in and bought it in the end.And to my surprise I really enjoyed it.The simplicity of the way the game plays, and the simple pixel art works wonders for the game, and the music definitely completes the atmosphere.I do have a couple of things to say though.1: The music isn't 'AS' great as everyone seems to be making it out, yes, it's pretty good, but I have heard much better, it's definietly not soundtrack of the year, but you will enjoy it, I can promise you that.2: The game can start to slow down later on in the game, especially when you get to the last 2-3 difficulties and it decides to spawn about 100 enemies at once which it can't handle, especially considering by that point it's also trying to calculate the damage to all of them, and whether to make the 100 enemies explode, set on fire, give you health, bleed, poison, slow, and a few more things, this can slow the computer down if you don't have a fast enough computer to handle all of that.3: THE MULTIPLAYER SHOULD COME WITH A WARNING.  Basically, you have to either port-forward or use Hamachi, both of which are a real pain in the backside if you don't know what you're doing, luckily I have previous experience with Hamachi from Terraria's bad multiplayer.Let me point out though, that whilst the multiplayer is a real pain to get going, once you de eventually get it going, it's probably one of the best multiplayer experiences I've had in a while, and it's definitely worth iall the blood, sweat and tears it took to get it working."
,Recommended,248820,8546203,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,winrarphile,more like risk of getting your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you by dinosaur man
,Recommended,248820,10852114,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,the-simian,"I very much recommend Risk of Rain.Simply put, there are no, truly new ideas here. Pixel art, an immersive soundtrack, roguelike elements, (such as randomized items enemies and locations) are all elements we have seen before.Risk of Rain ; however, managages to bring all this together in a fun way. The first few games you will get beaten very hard. Theres a lot of fun in refining and slowly improving your approach and strategy to what the game throws at you. I remember feeling the same way about games like The Binding of Issac. Improvement is through iteration, yet somehow it all still feels fresh and exciting. Once you think you've got it - a new character, weapon or item unlocks and give everythign a suddenly fresh new take.Perhaps one of my favorite things is the way items stack. Seeing the same item twice doesn't feel like you'v elost ground. Getting, say many missiles that increace the chance to fire a moarter blast can work toegher to turn your player into a mean machine, blasting rockets, bullets and mayhem everywhere. Theres is a great deal of satisfaction to unleashing a lot of carnage after an especially enemy filled screen or boss fight.The slow and incremental increase of difficulty over time, prevents meaningless grinding. You find the game is now a matter of maximizing upgrading, destruction and treasure hunting vs level progression. Its a good formula- and it scales effectively.I'm especially excited about the possibility of multiplayer, which I've yet to experience.The only downside, if there is one- is that the characters you can play, while interestingly differnt, are also radically unbalanced in effectiveness. Some characters, like the huntress really compliment the nature of fighting enemy swarms, and tower over the other characters in overall effectiveness. the sniper, by contrast, I can only see being used as a fully support character, and is simply too unuseable, and therfore not fun or exciting to play. I consider these criticisms minor. I'd be much more nonplussed by playing carbon-copy characters with different shirt colors. The great variety of playable characters only lends to the games strength.If you see this game on sale- just buy it. Its worth the money."
76561198040904726,Not Recommended,248820,10146544,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Noctisque,"i would vote yes and no but that isnt possible, the game is fun, challenging and tests your luck and skill, but its buggy. very buggy. and there arent patches for it either, i play acrid alot since he's my favorite survivor and pretty easy to unlock and whnever i do it cuts off most audio. the fp drops alot if you have certain items and there are alot fo exploits that end up making the game predictable. my main peeve is the sound. i really enjoy the music and being able to hear the enemies attack when they should so i can keep up my tempo but that glitch killed the game for me,"
,Recommended,248820,7837059,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,ペパロニNIPS,Awesome game period.
,Recommended,248820,7871077,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Faradir,This game is definitely worth your time and money. It has amazing music and the gameplay is fun and challenging.
,Recommended,248820,23982596,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Yuri (The first Cosmonaut),The best Rogue-like game of all time <3
,Recommended,248820,8539010,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Raccoon,Every time I press the play button:http://i.imgur.com/6c1QO.gif
76561198103643949,Recommended,248820,14061325,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Filoarind,"Ah Risk of Rain.It's a fun rouge-like game that you can put many hours in.At first it can be come pretty gruesome (Espically with the permadeath included), but as you progress you can see a dramtic increase how long you survive and unlock more things that increase gameplay such as charcters, artificats, and items.In my opinion after a while I feel bored (slow) when going through a playthrough and when on the hardest diffuculty it feels like childplay (Even without playing the ""kiting god""), espically without any artifacts on. (But there's certain things that can ramp up the diffuculty of the game even more, if you know what I mean☻).There's notable difference in some of the characters kits that I notice while playing ""Risk of Rain"", that are sometimes better than other classes making things ""unbalance"" in certain situations, if you play long enough to see in classes. Despite that all the classes their own charm in their respective kit and the ""unbalance"" in certain situations, such as single player can add a challenge when you come back to risk of rain.Some problems I have endured during my time in risk of rains are when i'm starting a new playthrough in single player and would fall out a map and would have to restart (dosen't bother me as much), and The multiplayer that sometimes likes to work and not (In my experinces). There's other bugs that never occured to me but to other people... Last level glitch,Crashing,etc that might be fixed as game updated recently (With a beta release even more back). If not people should report them the bugs in the respective areas.But despite all that, be sure to get risk of rain ☻"
,Recommended,248820,20023159,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Wisbi,"You and your best buds try to get as OP as possible within the hour before being stomped into the dirt while awesome music plays over a landscape of beautiful sprite art. Risk of Rain is a must for lovers of rogue-likes and platformers alike.8/10 Great game, could do with more content but makes up for it in replayability."
,Recommended,248820,20634085,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Bid,"Ótimo jogo para jogar com os amigos, infelizmente não tenho amigos. Felizmente o jogo é bom de se jogar sozinho também.O único problema é que na época que eu joguei precisava de hamachi para jogar multiplayer, não sei como está hoje em dia."
,Recommended,248820,20658667,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Teellox,"An incredibly well put together and rather addictive game. Catchy soundtrack, easy controls, great gameplay, and challenging mastery. There's a reason this has 95% positive user reviews."
,Recommended,248820,20944941,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Smile Man,"Great Game! Nice gameplay and somewhat easy to pick up controls. Better with game pad, but not required."
,Recommended,248820,7754512,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,CJP: Pointy Horse,"Imagine if metroid, ftl, and rogue legacy/spelunky had a baby.  It's hard, and it gets harder.  10 unlockable classes give the game a ton of replayability.  Random item drops add in to the fun and replayability as well.  I got a good 30+ hours out of it so far and I've enjoyed every minute of it."
,Recommended,248820,8655095,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Hull Cogan,Yes
,Recommended,248820,8862261,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Damonkashu,so addicting
,Recommended,248820,8859643,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,CookieEnergy199,"One word, WOW"
,Recommended,248820,13379805,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Stertetraëder,"Great banter! Lovely game, nice background music and soud effects! Great fun to play with ya mates."
,Recommended,248820,7825912,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,ceej84,pretty damn goodamazing soundtrack to top it off
76561198073259694,Recommended,248820,13515701,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Xnightrise,"Very nice game, one of the better ""rouge likes"" i'de say. Very hard at first, but once you get used to it and unlock/find your best class it is really fun and the multiplayer is great too!"
,Recommended,248820,8704469,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,destitutePilot,false advertising there is a noticeable lack of rain
,Recommended,248820,8649785,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Omar,"Risk of Rain has earned a special place in my heart. It is one of best games I have played in 2013 and 2014.The game is simple Kill monster ,eared money ,sped money ,beat boss and get the hell outta of there. The difficulty of the game is tied with the time the more time you spend on your playthrough the harder the game gets.Gameplay is simple 2D contra style. Well it depends highly on which class you pick and there are great verities of them. Every class is unique with his on Con and Pros and attacks. Took me 21 hours to finally beat the game but am not done there is lot of classes to unlock. I really want to try every class. Since every class has its own style of attacks and abilities.Art of this game is amazing too pixaled but still beautiful. AND THE MUSIC OMG. A masterpiece it’s really is. It fits the game so well. From the first hour playing this game I instantly went and bought the soundtrack.Risk of Rain is a 9.8/10 for me.Ps.I have not tried to play online Or locally SO I can’t comment on that."
76561197987743448,Recommended,248820,8269934,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,mgs2master2,This game took me by complete suprise. I love it completely. I would recommend it to anyone leaning on the fence about it.
,Recommended,248820,8317227,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Saturnine Aberrance,"This game.My god.People play games like Binding of Isaac, and I can theoretically comprehend the enjoyment they derive from such games, but I myself have never been able to enjoy them. Risk of Rain, on the other hand, has some of the same elements like character unlocking and item unlocking and stuff, but this game makes it so wonderful on an entirely new level. I cannot praise this game enough. The game has a wonderful difficulty curve, where the more time you take the harder everything gets. Some people are under the impression that it stops at the highest displayed difficulty, but it keeps going.You may feel like a god at times, but if you take too long, no matter how strong you are, you will be smacked down if you become complacent. The difficulty is satisfying and fair, and the entire feel of how you approach fights and how you do things is SO strongly correlated by which character you are playing that you can't at all approach a situtation the same way with one character as you did as another: It's an extremely unique experience.There is an absolute ton of items in this game, all with interesting effects, and you unlock more by completing challenges with any character, or a specific one depending, and it all feels awesome.The art style is absolutely gorgeous. It's very 2d and in a lot of ways is somewhat low-res, your character for example is entirely made up of only a few pixels. But the few pixels used in any given element are used very well, and it looks amazing in the end. The backgrounds as well are absolutely incredible, the background in either of the first level possibilities and the final level in particular are absolutely incredible.The soundtrack: It's unfair. I feel very bad for every other developer in existence who now has to make soundtracks for their games now that this game's soundtrack is around. It's unbelievable how well this soundtrack fits the game. The music is amazing and I can't get enough of it, it's soooooooo good. Beyond even the music, the sound effects on attacks and enemies is excellent as well (with the minor exception of some spider enemies in the mid game who are a biiit too into making their sound) in that they impart a great feel for what is happening and the weight behind the attacks that you can rarely afford to let hit you.I could probably go on for days. This game is absolutely incredible and I love just about every bit of it. My only regret is that I didn't know about it while it was in Kickstarter, so I missed my opportunity to throw money at it in development. Anyone reading this shouldabsolutelyget this game, and even get copies for friends/encourage friends to get it as well so you can all play it in co-op and be completely amazed by how good this is."
76561198063923148,Recommended,248820,8696832,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Willy,WOWWHAT A GAME CAN PLAY ALL DAY HO DAMNonly unlocked 3 characters and already addicted!!! best by chucklefish by FAR!!!!!
,Recommended,248820,9243006,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Ruebilax,"I'm loving this game. Its a 2D side-scrolling platformer that has a few rogue-like features, lots of loot to gather and items to unlock. Its difficult but not terribly frustrating. I find myself losing hours to this game. This is classic."
,Recommended,248820,8211370,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,J35,"Why don't more people have this game? The graphics, music and gameplay are all amazing. Playing Risk of Rain alone is fun. I can't imagine how fun it would be if my*cough*friends*cough*bought it."
,Recommended,248820,8512596,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,groovychainsaw,"Fantastic fast paced roguelike shooter, you'll fail level 1 numerous times but you start to learn after a while. If you die, it's your fault. Remind me of an arcade Dark Souls. Great music, too!"
,Recommended,248820,9110878,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Dy,"10/10 Would've bought it even if it wasn't on sale.This game encompasses many of the Rogue-like qualities that are pinned to it, and really gives that experience of omnipotence. One minute you're slowly toiling away through a few enemies and the next you're doing as you please with hordes all around you. A must buy for anyone into the 2D 16-bit aesthetic and progression that isn't impeded by permanent death."
,Recommended,248820,9483601,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,I feel nothing but death inside,more like risk of herpes
,Recommended,248820,9705331,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Flutterz,"Tons of fun in single player, even more fun in coop, as long as you are capable of setting up hosting it yourself. Kill things, get loot, füсk bitсhes, holla holla get dolla."
,Recommended,248820,10337119,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Kuzkula,"A must have for anyone who is inclined to bro-op.The Good:The music is fantastic, each level has it's own and it fits wonderfully.Sound effects give you a feeling of immersion. Monsters make noise, your gun sounds badass, and the ding-dong-dong signifying things are about to get a lot harder is ominious as hell.The characters give anyone with any playstyle their chance to shine in a group.The item descriptions gave me a chucke the first time around, and even more so once I read about them in the item log.The Bad:Well, the ""random levels"" really gives you only a few variations of the same levels. The randomization is limited to where the items are, the teleporter is located, and whether or not certain artifacts are accessible.Multiplayer. IP connections? I'm disappointed, Chucklefish, but at the same time, i've come to expect difficult setup just to play a game that's basically designed for multiplayer. A browser wouldn't be -that- hard now, would it?Other Thoughts:I'm capable of powering through any game, and love the way you unlock characters by doing specific actions in-game. The ability to start out with a well-balanced character will definitely help newcomers become familiar with controls and gameplay.I lovingly bestow upon this title an 8/10. I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys sheer ridiculous over-powered co-oping in late game."
,Recommended,248820,8755959,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Astr00waldo,"Space. Ship. Containers (lots of them). A strange guy with a sword. Crash.That's what the intro of the game shows the player, right after launching it.Then the player goes through a poorly designed menu (It's simple, but it's strange and acts weirdly, for example, if you are in options and press ""Esc"", the window that was supposed to appear when you are in the middle of a match appears, instead of simply going a step back, like all other games in Earth), where he can choose from Solo match, multiplayer game, options, an item showcase (so you can see the description and a brief story behind everything you end up grabbing in the game), the Monster Log - which is pretty cool, showing you a description and field notes on the enemies you fight along the game, but of course, you need to kill a lot of them and be lucky enough so they drop a log first - and an achievements/challenges options which tells you quite a few things and gives you nice challenges. And yes, they're hard enough.Stepping away from the game menu, the player will find him/herself in a deserted planet controlling one from the 10 choosable characters - which you need to do certain things to unlock, you just start with the Commando - with a minimalistic user interface and will see only one written thing at the start: ""Find the teleporter"". By this point, the soundtrack kicks in and the game starts doing what it's supposed to do. You don't know where to go, you don't know what to do, but you know that you need to find the teleporter, and you must do it fast because there's a timer on the top right of the screen telling you the game difficulty. You don't know what that means, but you know that you don't want the time meter to fill.So you run through the map, discovering the amazingly beautiful pixellated world of Risk of Rain. Enemies start popping up from nowhere and you know that you need to kill them. You get experience, level up, get better damage and more health, you get coins which you can use to open chests, activate shrines, and get random items from a set that ranges from a rusty knife, which will give you a chance of bleeding on hit, to a health-leeching seed which gives you passive lifesteal. Most of the items are passive, but there are active items ranging from awesome to♥♥♥♥♥♥ And yes, this adds up to the fun.The gameplay is quite simple, your character has 4 abilities, each one with its cooldown (except the first one, which is your main attack), and you must use them to fight your way through each level until you are able to exit the strange planet you're in, killing hordes of strange and challenging monsters (including bosses). And the soundtrack always making that pixellated chaos even more badass.The game has minor flaws, for instance, the amazingly low number of different enemies. Yes, they're good, they'll give you hours of pain and you'll enjoy killing them, but sometimes you want something different, that's when I think the developers should give us an update or a DLC with new enemies and new levels. But that's minor, as I said before, there are even different ""tiers"" for enemies, so they'll sure give you some trouble and not get cheap.""Risk of Rain"" shows its glory to the player ever since their first playthrough. A painful run, of course, on a game in which you know nothing, but then the player ends up realizing how fun and how fast the time passed by while playing this little gem. It's a must-have for everyone who likes roguelike games, getting side-by-side with The Binding of Isaac in all its glory. 9/10"
76561198026461548,Recommended,248820,8823361,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Butts McGee,"Throwback graphics, rougelike progressions, a fun array of classes and EXCELLENT soundtrack + sound design.  This game was refreshing and very addicting.  I recommending to anyone who enjoys platformers."
76561198010152936,Recommended,248820,9358974,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Lionheart,"This game is great, It provides entertainment, a serious challenge and unlocks the desire within to keep getting better!You chose a class and each class has 4 abilities,The aim is to get as far through the game in one life as possible while earning gold to unlock chests and items which accumulate over time, as time goes on the game gets harder, more monsters spawn and more bosses spawn!As you progress and earn achievements you unlock items and Characters to use in later gamesItems are everything! each of them are useful and without them you will DIE!!!Pay $10 and have fun!+Fun+Challenging+Good soundtrack+Lots of items-Some characters are really hard to unlock-The difficulty difference between easy and medium is huge"
76561198123272131,Recommended,248820,8895966,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Falco,Simply incredible! Fantastic! Such a simple concept but follows through with impeccible eloquence! I am blown away by how much time I invested into this masterpiece!1000/1000!Five Stars!Two Thumbs Up!Exclamation Marks!
,Recommended,248820,9127115,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Nikot104,"I hate this game to hell. If you want a rage inducing, laggy, ♥♥♥♥ fighter game, get it and then jump into a pit. 1 like = 1 prayer."
,Recommended,248820,9415261,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,comfy skeltal,risk of magma worms
,Recommended,248820,8865462,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Pockets Jones,great game!  its very challenging and very fun... also the pixel art is great
,Recommended,248820,7796666,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Big Bang Blitz,"If I were a cool guy who made fun games, i'd have made this."
,Recommended,248820,8704914,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,needle,"Risk of Rain is a slow boil that truly rewards the patient. Initially, playing the game can seem like an exercise in futility, as your character gets overwhelmed by massive odds. But slowly, as more and more items unlock and pile on, game play sessions tip the scales in the other direction, towards the absurd.Before you know it, you've got forty items, double, triple, and quad-stacked or more, and your damage dealt is measured not in tens but thousands. Lasers and missiles and explosions spew from your body with each attack, and enemies fall when they enter your immediate range. Suddenly, game play sessions that lasted 15 minutes seem paltry in comparison to your multi-hour runs, cycling through stages countless times as you run the hamster wheel of greed and mayhem.Again, Risk of Rain rewards the patient. Slog through your failures, and ultimately you'll come out the other side, 15 hours later, with the most fun platformer in a long time."
,Recommended,248820,8187846,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Darling {♥},"This is a surprisingly fun game. It's challenging, and dynamic. Don't pass it up."
,Recommended,248820,8169252,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Radai,"This game is super challenging, but very rewarding when you actually get anywhere. Definitely recommend and play it with friends!"
,Recommended,248820,8403371,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Niteowl,"Fast, beautiful, punishingly hard, imperceptible progress. It's like having an 80's arcade game installed on your PC."
,Recommended,248820,8239369,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,MsBauce,Absolutly love ths game. The play style is something simple yet keeps you on your toes with making snap item choices the higher you go in levels.
,Recommended,248820,9089350,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,BaconSmittywerbenjagermanjenson,"Extremely addicting, and fun. Anyone who has played games similar to Binding of Issac, and love platformers, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,248820,9929245,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,LikeABoss,Final level actually has Rain in it. 10/10
,Recommended,248820,8813117,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,em,"Very straightforward. Virtually limitless rewards within the game. Simple yet addictive, vast array of unlockables items will have you playing for hours, solo or co-op.It's a great game, especially when you co-op."
,Recommended,248820,9327423,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,RyudoDragoon,Side scrolling tactical shooter mayhem!This game is way more fun than I expected it to be from a glance. Additctively fun and ridiulously challenging.
,Recommended,248820,35039073,Posted: 17 September,all,yaboo,i bought this for one dollar and it was a mistake because i clearly didnt spent enough money on it
,Recommended,248820,8022572,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,KERNBOOM,Pure tactical action from start to finish + making other combat systems in its genre feel like rubbing two GI Joe's together + has a lovely soundtrack + great single player/co-op gameplay + cool unlockables + awesome item system = A wonderful ride playing this gem of a game with lots of replayability that you should definetly purchase if you are into this kind of madness.I love it
,Recommended,248820,13955379,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Nom I Eat You,"After finally hitting 100% on this game I can highly suggest to any who like a very solid rogue-like game with plenty of difficulty and variety to pick this up. Either have fun going through the game with it's versatile playstyles due to it's playable characters all being different. Or go at it and have a blast with up to 3 other friends, either way I highly recommend this game to anyone. :D"
,Recommended,248820,30679997,Posted: 22 March,all,Captain Ken Masters,good gem would use psycho power to rule world 10/10
,Recommended,248820,10172733,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Moe,"Magma Worm again, what a surprise."
,Recommended,248820,7762635,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,WIZARD OF RAP,"Side-scrolling co-op action shooter with Roguelike elements (in the vein of Binding of Isaac). Fun for a singleplayer playthrough, great for repeated co-op playthroughs. The characters are well-designed and unique and you'll collect more loot than even Diablo would throw your way. Worth noting: There is no way to play with random internet strangers."
,Recommended,248820,8428711,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,SteeScribbles,One of the better permadeath rogue like ventures.
,Recommended,248820,7765002,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,"Rivers ""Alt-Rock Piñata"" Cuomo","Highly recommended to any fan of roguelites (Binding of Isaac, FTL, Rogue Legacy) or 2D shooter/platformers (namely Cave Story).Absolutely wonderful game from a development team with consists of basically two people featuring a phenomenal OST by Chris Christodoulou (available @http://bombch.us/QfL). What we have here is a tough as nails yet extremely addicting game, rewarding in every way. The pixel art is done *very*  right (and entirely by one of the two developers!) and just the right amount of attention is put into monster logs and item descriptions, with a little charm in each entry that makes collecting them that much more endearing.Overall a fantastic experience. The fact that this may end up on sale for 5 dollars or less in the future astounds me, and it's certainly the second best time to pick up this game, the first being *right now* as it's worth every single penny."
76561198264301352,Recommended,248820,25064749,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Tbearjavorsky,"I love this game. The game play is fun, the music is wonderful and it trolls you when you die. It can be STUPIDLY hard, but that makes it even more fun. Unlocking stuff is a bit dumb. All in all, it is just amazing. If you want to buy this game, do it! Anyone i know who has played agrees with me."
,Recommended,248820,7737702,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,DJ Explosive,It's like Skyrim...WITH GUNS.
,Recommended,248820,9073469,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Microwave,"Do you want a bullet-hell? A game where there are endless monsters? Do you need a new kind of game?Then Risk of Rain is the game you want, with randomized levels and creative boss fights! i have become addicted to this game and plan on recording it (no links 4 u)!"
,Recommended,248820,13109119,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,tfw no gf :(,Keep Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling Rolling
,Recommended,248820,15202973,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Desulie,Game's name is risk of rain .... it doesn't rain.
,Recommended,248820,9945384,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Scruffington,"David, buy this digital sandwich"
,Recommended,248820,8683097,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Phelyne,"First i just wanna make clear, that this game has nothing to do with rain.This is, the best Rogue-like game I've ever played, the goal is to get items as fast as possible, hurry to the teleporter if you think you can beat the boss, you've got like 2.5-5 minutes if you dont want to get your♥♥♥♥♥owned in the next level, so you better hurry! It's basically the same in level 2, 3, and 4, but at the end of level 4, when you've beat the boss, it will ask if you want to start over with all your items, or continue to the final level. If you beat the final boss, you beat the game. It's MUCH harder than it sounds like, and Co-op is recommended for survival.Well I've beat the game, nothing to do here...  NO! This game has a great replayability, you can unlock new characters, items, achievements, beat highscores, and enjoy all the randomly chosen maps, each with unique background music. ALSO this game is made by CHUCKLEFISH, they make GREAT bagground music, and great games, AND THEY EVEN MADE STARBOUND! Worth 4 times the money if you ask me."
,Not Recommended,248820,24488322,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,AirForceBase,"They put a bunch of effort into online play for PS4/Vita owners, put PC players have had to mess with post forwarding, and even downloading 3rd party software, to play online since day one. Kinda sad that the devs seem to value console players more than PC players."
,Recommended,248820,9939074,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,SplendorSerpent,"Extremely dense and satisfying, but if you look too closely you can see through the cracks. Enjoy it as much as you can, which will probably be a little less than the designers intended."
,Recommended,248820,10572192,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Lokiiddqd,great coop shooter with rpg leveling
,Recommended,248820,10730504,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,booty wie pangea,gud gem
,Recommended,248820,10692926,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Panic AK,Best damn game ever made.  Hoping for a sequel or more content.  I need more!
,Recommended,248820,10694959,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Kenpachi ZA,Really fun
,Recommended,248820,10798151,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,EvilCheeseLover,Extremely fun game. You can easily get $5 worth of fun out of this game and then some. It's difficult but still fun. And you have to continously play to unlock all content
76561198031261878,Recommended,248820,8561186,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Mister Maticu,Merlin should nerf.
,Recommended,248820,10786801,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Kit,Can't stop playing.
,Recommended,248820,10597519,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Sir Pilot,"zxcv config gave me carpal tunnel, would play again"
76561198024055809,Recommended,248820,7677197,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Wingy Wingerton,Sick fun times
,Recommended,248820,9933352,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Clarified Filth,hoo boy if you loved batman returns this game has way more rain then that!
,Recommended,248820,7702579,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,Fain,"Highly recommend. I'll do a more in depth recommendation (maybe) later. But lets just say the screenshots and trailers don't really do this game justice. If you like roguelikes and platformers, you'll love this."
76561197984129086,Recommended,248820,8509017,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Incognito2me,This should probably be called Risk of Friends Stealing your Powerups.
76561198000851066,Recommended,248820,10601180,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Balty Cat,Amazing! 10/10
,Recommended,248820,10547721,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,chZ sshell,"Highly recommended for Binding of Isaac fans and other people who enjoy a quick, rougelike experience."
,Recommended,248820,8371991,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,MortalDanger,"Damn this is a crazy game.  So much fun with another person, maybe two.  No more than two.  WIth more than two the difficulty goes way up.  However, you can edit the config files to get like 10 people...I haven't tried that but I'm sure it's awesome.  This is one of my favorite games because all of the items, the randomness of it, the difficulty, and the overall screaming that is done over Skype.  Beware, if you're planning on having a night of gaming, this will be the last game you play because it is exhausting."
,Recommended,248820,8266245,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,SirShotgun,"You only get ONE life, then you're dead and you get the amazing joy of restarting from the beginning. However, for some reason, inexplicably, quite puzzeling, oddly, mystically, miraculously, surprisingly, perplexingly, laxidasically, stupendously,  this aspect actually makes the game great. With tons of oddities, items, weapons, gadgets, utensils, creations, and doo-dahs to pick up you will find yourself playing for hours trying to get further, faster, stronger, and indeed better than what you did before."
,Recommended,248820,8008696,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,¯\_🎃_/¯,Its so hard when you go at it alone...so much death
76561198028335450,Recommended,248820,8159575,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Horse Cosby,"Absolutely stellar.  One of the top 5 games I played this year, across all platforms.  If you think you want it, you do.  Buy it."
,Recommended,248820,8252047,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,DangerZebra,This game gets so intense I forgot which way is left and which is right.Fantastic game but use a controller!
76561198041054782,Recommended,248820,8497516,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,ZeXexe,binding of isaac on crack
,Recommended,248820,7693440,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,bonejangle,"A rouge-lite platformer sort of in the same vein as Rogue Legacy. It's quite fun and quite hard, but it definitely rewards skill. There's a fair amount of luck-based success in how you get items, but player skill is more important in the end. There are multiple classes, but they must be unlocked as you play. Give it a shot if you like difficulty and don't mind starting from scratch after each death."
,Recommended,248820,8411666,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,cheesehound,"This game. This damn game. I've really gotten into it. I'm not usually one for playing roguelikes for more than a few hours, but Risk of Rain's bevy of unlockables include a lot of different characters/classes that make things play very differently. The random items you unlock during each play through make you evolve from a scared visitor to a (still scared) one man army.The different enemies and areas add some very cool variation for both gameplay and visuals. Speaking of visuals, this game is animated very well, has great character/enemy design, and looks great in motion. Screenshots don't tend to do it justice."
76561197979654196,Recommended,248820,8522132,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Cache,game of the year 2013
,Recommended,248820,8159045,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,了此一生,"What is a strategy?By definition, a strategy is a plan of action or policy designed to achieve a major or overall aim. In this case, the overall aim is to get to the end of the game and beat the boss. Yet to have a plan, you need to know what you need to do. In the case of this game, the only things you know are the four skills that come with the character you pick.The game is a constant new experience every time you play it, no matter the difficulty. You could ace an excellent run, and die 12 minutes into your next run. This game focuses not on the story, and not on developing your character, but simply the experience. The item pool is huge- over a 100 items you could get that could come together and assist you in beating the game, or be completely useless. It all depends on your style of play.While the amount different levels you can get aren't too high, your starting location, item chests, shrines, and teleporters are all scattered about randomly each level to get a different experience despite it being a level that has been seen before.Another plus to the game is the multiplayer. It uses direct IP connection (like Terraria) so you can play with up to 10 friends or join a random group online. While a large amount of players can mean more firepower, monsters you fight become stronger and the overall amount of items you get doesn't change much- meaning to play as a team, you can't just pick up every item you get or keep every chest to yourself. You have to question yourself- ""Am I able to play efficiently with the items I have currently?"" ""Does anybody else on the team need items?"" ""Do I really need this item?"" Playing multiplayer focuses a major part on the teamwork aspect in the game.While there are upsides, there are downsides too.The biggest downside you will come to is the issue of lag. The game typically runs at 60 fps for everybody, and half that if you are recording. Once you get to high times and levels, the lag increases. The amount of monsters spawning at every second on and around your screen causes a lot of fps lag, and the graphics (while being pixelated) from attacks and item drops also boosts the lag you can get. In example, after 65 minutes of gameplay and 7 drones collectively firing at a large group of monsters, my game froze and crashed like the Titanic. I was upset because I just unlocked a new class and hadn't beaten the game as the class I was playing as. The lag is different for everybody though- it simply depends on how well your computer can handle it.All in all, I definitely recommend this game. It is well balanced and well thought out, and even finishes with a dramatic/feely quote that is different for each class you beat the game with. I applaud Chucklefish, the makers of this game."
,Recommended,248820,8449039,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,doulweapons,"Lots of fun, cool pixel graphics. Great for coop!"
76561197977707313,Recommended,248820,8491939,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,†<CC>< Amroth,"So you start and you are like, 'cool barrel roll dodge stuff' with commando. Then you kill some basic enemies and search around until you find a this teleporter-thingy. You push the button to activate it, AND A LAVA-WORM JUMPS OUT OF THE GROUND!!!But for reals, this game is a cross between Terraria and a Rogue-like Survival game. SO MUCH FUN AND SO WORTH IT!!! Just ask the Canadian-Trio!"
,Recommended,248820,8523244,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,twitch.tv/kookiezryum,"don't give up !game actually gets easier as you unlock more items and learn what each item does.don't give up !you will want to break things trying to farm the harder achievements.don't give up !if you hate dying, you will die a lot.don't give up !if you like dying, buy this!don't give up !btw, my first clear was with sniper class despite how most people say hes weak (his escape is OP).tip: living > killing"
,Recommended,248820,8517592,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Partiest,Definitely one of the more fun procedural games I've played this year.  The hassle to set up a virtual network to play with friends is quickly forgotten once you get into the game and are gunning down everything as a pack.
,Recommended,248820,8607895,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Nail_Bombed,"As roguelikes (rogue-lites? roguelike-likes? not sure what term people are using for these type of semi-randomly-generated lootcollecters/platformers these days) go, this one is definitely one of the best, along with Spelunky, Rogue Legacy and The Binding Of Isaac. The game has a steady learning curve - the difficulty curve? Gets ever more insane (even HAHAHAHA ;) ) as time progresses, but hopefully you should have enough items to deal with the hordes of inhospitable beasts that await you as you continue further into the levels and time... Great game, can't recommend it enough.Now if it would only stop killing me -_- ..."
,Recommended,248820,7933929,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Ganon,very fun with friends and enjoyable by yourself. It's challegeing and actually gets quite difficult as time goes on. RECOMMENDED! GET THIS GAME
,Recommended,248820,8566055,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Webb,it made me throw my computer off the balcony10/10
,Recommended,248820,8415086,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ultratroll,"A very good game, unforgiving, hard, addictive and most important: very fun and varied. Every match is violent and fun.My favorite purchase so far this Steam Holiday."
,Recommended,248820,8416880,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Crono,"The game is a race against time (difficulty increments periodically) and as you gain gameplay experience, you'll learn the layout of the maps and how best to traverse them in order to most efficiently gather upgrades, money, exp, and progress through the game.  Once you customize the controls (I suggest using a controller; I found it to be more comfortable) and familiarize yourself with the abilities of your heroe, the game really gets interesting.  It takes some time to explore the various levels, learn which upgrades you should prioritize, and unlock new characters, but the game has a sh*t ton of replay value.This is a wonderful game offering lots of addicting, challenging fun.  The graphics are simple and pixelated, but detailed enough to illustrate every skill clearly even when things get cluttered.  The music is simple enough and reflects well upon the levels' respective environments.There is co-op mode, but I've not gotten anyone to join me yet, but if you're looking to play with someone, throw me an invite and we'll try to coordinate a game!!8.5/10"
,Recommended,248820,8461178,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Forkmore,"Holy crap, is this game fun.  It's a pretty difficult pixel-art action-platformer, with permanent death being a feature.  The levels are randomized, and as time goes on, the difficulty level ramps up.  So while on the one hand, you have to collect power-ups and get your level up, you're also forced to watch the clock and engage the level boss in a timely fashion.  So far, I've gotten to level 3 on the middle difficulty setting.  Though, it seems you can unlock the other classes in the easy difficulty, so I might just work on that and see if one better suits me.  This game ishard, and the randomness, while adding to replayability, can also be very frustrating if you are not getting items you'd prefer to have.  That said, much like inDark Souls, I never feel cheated when I die.  It always feels distinctly my own fault."
,Recommended,248820,10717323,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,jared743,"Hard as nails, but tons of fun. Just wish online multiplayer was easier to set up."
,Recommended,248820,10708890,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Cajata,"A very addictive rogue-like pixel game that will immerse you once you get a hang of the game. I don't recommend going solo to begin with, otherwise you'll probably end up getting frustrated. I think that the maps need to be randomised more, but other than that, a great game."
,Recommended,248820,10718793,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,PxG Jon Oh,"Very fun with friends, would recommend to anyone looking for some quick, cheap fun."
,Recommended,248820,10721644,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Yoda Cage,Not a single drop of rain in the game 0/10
,Recommended,248820,10725337,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,STOTANS,I had fun with this game
76561197995591437,Recommended,248820,10602924,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Brew,Best several dollars ever spent.
76561198062298041,Recommended,248820,10013481,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Fred Durst,i love this game just going to state that right now i you want to buy it you should if you like rouglikes you will love this game ok so go buy it now i will wait go......you back of so if your running windows 8 you might have a fps problum and for me i have to play this game a 18 to 21 fps but i doo any ways cuz its sooo fun
,Recommended,248820,9996646,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,UNEQL,very good action platformer with rogue like elements!
76561198036451475,Recommended,248820,10088507,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,NWannabe,A great time sink.  Only con is me having trouble getting online multiplayer working.  Good for light tactic training in groups.
,Recommended,248820,8538063,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,One of Hundreds,"This game is really difficult, and most of the time I didn't win, just did a little better each time.  Thoght this game is very rewarding and seeing what items I could find through each play though was a blast."
76561198040878939,Recommended,248820,8862899,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,thegreatshepherd,Best action platformer roguelike i have every played
,Recommended,248820,9098635,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Za'aphiel,"Dear god, it consuuuumes meeeee....."
,Recommended,248820,8906701,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,117%Fate,i'd like to play the game before i purchase it.
,Recommended,248820,8158572,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,dick182,"wow, one of the best roguelike shooting game I've ever played, super tough and super fun!!!!"
76561198054264102,Recommended,248820,10004052,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,[CV] Tec Mec,"Though it might not seem like much at first, this game has so many great things pack into it. There are so many things to unlock, each able to change the way the game can be played. The music is also really great which makes it fun to stop and listen for a while, that is if your okay with the fact that with every few minutes the game will get increasingly difficult. It is especially fun with a friend because the different characters can team up in unique ways. Enjoy!"
76561198001664600,Recommended,248820,10016206,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Cpt.Awesome,really good rouglight. If you die you start from begining. Nice cast of characters 9 in full each has a different gamestyle.There are around 9 artifacts that are basicly modifires like you have 10% health but yuo do more dmg. and stuff like that i put in 40 hours and will put in a lot more. this game is awesome and has local and online coop
76561198040944606,Recommended,248820,7942316,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Oddwood,"Risk of Rain is best described as a 2D action-roguelike-platformer. At it's core, players must proceed through random levels with different layouts in search of a teleporter. They must do this whilst fending off onslaughts of enemies, collecting items to live slightly longer and all with haste, as the difficulty amplifies depending on how long players have been, well, playing.Having crash-landed on an openly hostile alien planet, your job is to find your ship and get the hell off said planet. The local wildlife are highly unimpressed by your presence, and want to remove your face. And they will do so in droves.As players lurch deeper into the game, more items and characters will become available to them. For instance, take the Enforcer; a lumbering tank on legs carrying a shield and a shotgun. Yes, he's slow, but he certainly makes up for it with power.One of the more satisfying elements of this game is ironically when you meet your maker. Unlike most roguelike games, this game focuses on combat. This means that death is a matter of human error as opposed to shoddy game mechanics, luck and stats to determine a hit or miss. It feels rather satisfying, if you can overcome the game's steep learning curve.In short, Risk of Rain is an insanely difficult yet highly satisfying and overall fun game to play. The game also supports local and online co-op (which is rather rough but fun), so bring some friends along too if you want!"
,Recommended,248820,8370113,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Sad Meme,"Ok, so. This is a pretty great game. Gameplay is fun and fast paced, and the difficulty really spikes well. I'm quite surprised that it was only made by a couple of college room mates. The problem with it though is that it has quite a few bugs, such as the random crash, and I can't get any sound out of it as of now, but it's still a good game.I'd give it an 8 out of 10, due to the bugs. If the developers can find the time to fix those bugs, this would definitely be a 10/10."
76561197965971444,Recommended,248820,9932454,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Hellsraiser,Excellent Game overall challenging and the roguelike nature naturally gives the replayability that at this price tag just makes the value immense.
,Recommended,248820,8448575,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Dr. Z,"Great gameplay, great music, great coop. Menus are pretty janky but other than that, I've loved every minute of it."
,Recommended,248820,8418040,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Deaf^Mute,"This game is simply amazing. It has very much roguelike type qualities. This game just keeps me playing with the new character unlocks and some special item unlocks. It is very challenging, but easy to get the hang of. I would use a controller to make this game a bit more enjoyable. I would recommend this anyoone."
,Recommended,248820,7921147,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Archagon,"I don't much care for the wide-open spaces and the crazy difficulty, but the incredible variety of items and enemies makes each playthrough unique and very fun. I've put in a few hours and I feel like I've barely scratched the surface."
,Recommended,248820,8564467,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Horizon,Awesome fun. Get the four pack and some friends.
,Recommended,248820,9117760,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,FleshyPrison | <O>,"This is a pretty great game for those of you who like hardcore arcade games. Wish the multiplayer feature was more polished, but otherwise I'm having a great time."
76561197986365521,Recommended,248820,9255659,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Diarrhea Cactus,"If you ever want to relive the old NES days where game difficulty added to the fun this is the game to get.  Risk of Rain brings a refreshing and realistic difficulty factor.  The graphics on this game go to show, that not everything needs to be ""pretty"" to be considered a good game as gamers of the new generation would have you believe.  Risk of Rain provides you with multiple characters but only one starting character.  The game can be played single of coop with up to three other people which makes the game easier.  Risk of Rain was truly aimed at a single player experience but you won't last long if you don't have patience as the difficulty of the game increases the longer you play regardless of what initial difficulty you choose.  There are many lootable items that build your power, some may seem worthless while others more apparent in their use.  It is all about the drop and when it drops.  Choosing the wrong item when given a choice can make your life more miserable.  Bosses are challenging at first but become easier as you continue to play and learn the habits of the enemies and bosses.  Overall, this game has great replaybility and ten dollars is a fair price to pay for something that you don't see often anymore.... a well made game."
,Recommended,248820,9075197,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,╫╪╦╬╤╨╧,"This game is my valentine's day card. ""Im like Risk of Rain baby, the longer you play with me the harder I get"".10/10 would get dumped again"
,Recommended,248820,9073086,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,[420NOSCOPE] Xx_Br4nd0n_xX,"Do you like rogue-likes? Do you like becoming a death machine? Do you like blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up?  If so, this game is for you."
,Recommended,248820,7797978,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Marshall,Dis♥♥♥♥♥♥be cray cray
,Recommended,248820,8980031,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,FleiBoy3,YESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYES.
76561197993966616,Recommended,248820,8407857,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Sarcastastic,"I am absolutely amazed at how quickly this game hooked me. Incredibly fun and variable, and most certainly worth it to support these start up developers. I hope to see more from them in the future."
,Recommended,248820,9192994,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Koya Dusk,"This game is a different kind of game from all others I have played. It goes bounds out of the norm and is very different in gameplay and even the concept of it is incredibly different. It is also pretty difficult when you start out playing it. Play it with this in mind, because it will get easy faster then you realize. This game is fantastic, and one of my favorites."
,Recommended,248820,8410552,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,The Funky Chicken,"Great game, played it about a bajillion times and it still never really gets old, beating it only makes it more fun"
,Recommended,248820,9221906,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Storey,"Risk of Rain is a game about a being with worms for hands named Providence who takes over and crashlands a trade ship (the USE Risk of Rain). The player is put in control of one of 10 characters that are all very different in the abilities that they use and the items that help them. This game shines in every respect. The gameplay is fun, difficult but not too hard, and each time you play the game you will get a completely different run. The hi-def-yet-pixelated artstyle is something many developers get wrong, but Hoppo and Cuddlefish did it better than any other game that I've played. Risk of Rain keeps you coming back for more for hours upon hours on end. One of my favorite aspects of the game, aside from the easter eggs, secret levels, and interesting and new timer-based difficulty mechanic, is that unlike other ultrahard games like The Binding of Isaac, it takes a relatively long time to complete a run. Depending on how much your farm, a run can take anywhere from 40 minutes to nearly infinity. There are enough items in the game that the you don't get to discouraged by the items that seem impossible to unlock, like the Hyperthreader. The multiplayer is great as well, and difficulty scales perfectly. I've sunk more hours into Risk of Rain faster than any other game on Steam, and have had fun for every second of it. In short, Risk of Rain is one of the best games on Steam.10/10Extra: My only problem with this game has been technological, in that it doesn't work with my controller. (PS4 controller emulating an Xbox 360 controller with DS4tool). Whenever I plug it in or even use it with any game like Spelunky, my RoR immediately drops down to less than 20FPS, the only fix being to restart my computer without the controller plugged in. However, this is not that much of an issue as the game plays just as well with keyboard as it does with a controller. Unfortunately, this is an issue with the game's engine - YoYo Games' GameMaker's xinput plugin - not with Hoppo/Cuddlefish's code, so unless the game migrates to a newer version of the plugin (which would be an extremely hard and complicated task) it doesn't look like a fix will be coming. Like I said, the game plays just as well with keyboard as it does with controller so it is kind of a non-issue."
,Recommended,248820,9112305,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Angus,Way more fun than I expected... One of my fav roguelikes up there with Binding Of Isaac and Teleglitch.
,Recommended,248820,7642206,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Supernova,Great game with loads of randomly generated fun and a new adventure everytime
,Recommended,248820,8761837,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Dan Rice 2 steeze,"This is a very good indy game that progressively gets harder, and randomizes each run. Countless hours of entertainment."
76561198005145795,Recommended,248820,8762621,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Target,Amazing Game!!! Good old platform game with 8 bits graphics and really fun. You can't go wrong with this.
,Recommended,248820,7609570,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Claire,"Fantastic art, animation, and gameplay. One of my favorite indie games of all time. Extremely challenging and insanely fun co-op experience. The difficulty ramping between levels can sometimes feel unfair if you aren't picking up any good items (which happens sometimes) but for the most part I really like the randomized item drops."
76561198054551779,Recommended,248820,7962399,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,King Albazar,"At first, these little pixels fireing little pixels dont look that impressive, but TRUST me, this game gets intense. A very well done game has a great campaign, interesting and funny items, and awesome characters you can unlock. Its almost a problem how much you want to play it at first, so it gets addicting fast. Overall this game is just a steam jewel and its gets a 10 out of 10 from me! :3"
,Recommended,248820,8573422,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,StpdSxySzchn,"Ouch, my thumb."
,Recommended,248820,8816681,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Bulletstopper,"A fantastic co-op game with a silly amount of content, and enough item and character unlocks to keep anyone busy for aquite a long time. A must buy for nearly anyone."
76561198070410491,Recommended,248820,9097131,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,mellomagic,"""Truly an amazing game."" -Anyone with a good taste in games""Couldn't have asked for more"" -People with half a brainRisk of Rain really is an amazing game. With an immersive ever-changing world, which is only added to by AMAZING audio, it really has taken a place in my heart. A retro shooter with very unique parts to it. To only have one life is UNHEARD of in video games, but Chucklefish pulled it off perfectly. Plus, it's simple enough to run on my crappy PC!"
,Recommended,248820,7686659,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,waste,if you don't buy this game ill kill my cat
,Recommended,248820,7794930,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Baman,I've had this game for maybe 5 days and already sunk 20 hours one it. A must buy.
,Recommended,248820,9465187,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,PlayerSariya Dragongrounds,"In the words of Yahtzee""The most fun you'll ever have with your PC 'till they invent a force feedback codpiece"""
76561197965725688,Recommended,248820,9404618,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,お前は,"One of my favorite games. I've had more enjoyment out of this game than games I've paid $60 or more for. A really simple game, but manages to hold interest through the gameplay alone. I would give this game a perfect score, but that is really subjective anyways. It has flaws for sure.Getting a ps2 controller to work easily was a pain. I consider it a gold standard of a game for a ps2 pad with whatever converter you have to work. Retro City Rampage nailed that perfectly in my eyes. Frame rate drops are an annoyance and pretty much the fault of making a game on the Game Maker engine (I'm pretty sure, but not certain on that, and won't bother to google it ;).) Having the multiplayer,singleplayer (starting a multiplayer game and playing by yourself) Monsoon (hardest) difficulty being easier had me scratching my head, but it's a minor nitpick that I have. Basically the more you play any game the more flaws you notice. I really got way more out of this game as far as enjoyment goes for the price I paid. I recommend this game."
,Recommended,248820,8626772,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,CreepingWraith,A multiplayer roguelikelike action platformer with difficulty that scales up over time.  The single player experience has kept me engaged enough to deserve a recommendation on its own.  The pixel art looks great for reasons beyond just nostalgia; I actually really enjoy the character designs and tiny visible details.
,Recommended,248820,8625165,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,CombatSquid,"RoR is probably the most unforgiving action platformer I've ever played, and I love it. The game consists of you being stranded on different planets while plowing your way through hoardes of never ending aliens and monsters that would like nothing more than to tear you apart while you search for a teleporter to take you to the next level. You net EXP and 'muney' from each kill that you use to purchase items you'll find spawned randomly across the map, each one making you more and more powerful until your bottom screen is cluttered (in a ""I am your dark messiah overlord you can never hope to kill me lul"" kind of way) with them. Unlocking every character and weapon in the game is a hefty chore in itself and even though this game is great, I can't recommend buying it without a buddy system. The co-op is perfect with a friend to back you up, that will split item drops with you (pub games are known for free-for-all item hoarding which leaves everyone else screwed). So if you're into challenging, unforgiving, 'rougelike' killing action, give this a shot."
76561197997075454,Recommended,248820,8417422,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ASTROZOMBIE,"Quite possibly the best indie game i've ever played. 10$ is a complete joke for what you're getting with this game. Tight gameplay, very challenging, amazing soundtrack, beautiful artstyle, unlockables everywhere. Everytime you play, you get better and you unlock more stuff for future playthroughs.I cannot praise this game enough, it's obvious that a lot of care and love went into this game. If you're a fan of hard roguelikes with a soul, look no further.10/10"
,Recommended,248820,8689592,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,S.M.G.,"Great game, simple and enjoyable.  Sidescrolling shooter with plenty of item and character unlocks to keep you entertained.  Perfect for travelling, does not require a mouse to be effective. I've spent a lot of time in airports playing this."
76561198049575614,Recommended,248820,8587687,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Tailsaur,"Tough at first, but I got used to the controlls and now it's a lot more fun"
,Recommended,248820,8429811,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Pooby,Awesome addicting indie that keeps you wanting to best your best score.
,Recommended,248820,9065317,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Potatolord,"This is a very fun game. Basically it is a roguelike but with a timer. The longer you play, the harder it gets. The difficullity will get immensely high at some point, so you need to seek the (perfect) balance between rushing and getting upgrades. The only thing that bothers me is the lack of randomness, as the enemies (and bosses) are really predictable when and how much they will spawn. You also need a bit to much luck, and to less skill in order to complete this game, which is saddening. But overall this is a great game."
76561198105765108,Recommended,248820,9110123,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Crispycol,Very awesome game. Although I hate when too many monsters spawn I keep playing it over and over again... just because. Certainly a game I would recommand.
,Recommended,248820,9113188,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,HarmonEpsilon,"Brilliantly done, fantastic art style, amazing flow.Need I say more?"
76561198029120718,Recommended,248820,9076444,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Springheel Jack,One of the best rogue-like games out there people. Invest. You will not be disapointed. The videos and pics for this game do it no justice.
,Recommended,248820,9115480,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Fognar,"Risk of Rain is a fantastic, highly addictive roguelike.  There are six different levels with two to three variants of each, except for the last two; lots of useful items; and ten different character classes that can be unlocked during play.  If you enjoy games like The Binding of Isaac, check out Risk of Rain.  It's a steal even at full price."
76561198081027278,Recommended,248820,9103911,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Vampire Cake,"A amazing 2D side scrolling 4 player co-op game, that increases in difficulty the longer you stay alive. It will consume your life for the first 2 days of buying it. XD"
76561198002566012,Recommended,248820,8464451,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,FTAGHN,"Extremely fun platformer roguelike. If you like FTL, Binding of Isaac, etc, it's a good chance you'll also like Risk of Rain. Multiplayer is a blast as well; although it isn't built directly into the game and you'll have to host a server with a tool like Hamachi."
,Recommended,248820,8710760,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Mike,Swords and Sworcery meets Contra.
76561198042670039,Recommended,248820,8919991,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Fuglymonsta,Great game for passing a few minutes if you get bored. Along the same RNG nature as the Binding of Issac but with guns.
,Recommended,248820,9026122,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,lokey0420,Love this game!!
76561198060622237,Recommended,248820,8312752,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Omen,Awesome yet so very very evil
,Recommended,248820,8894679,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,darthjader,it doesn't hold your hand and it doesn't play nice. rewards you when you try hard though.
,Recommended,248820,7817605,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Dr. Spoy Smooth Jazzing Ninja,"its really risky, possibly rainy. Also good."
,Recommended,248820,8537419,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Lil Dickie,So very very fun
,Recommended,248820,8757782,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Wintermute,"Awesome game, spent more time with this than i would with some AAA titles.great variety with different classes, randomness with all the different items to unlock and equip.combat is fast paced and difficult, but never mercilessly so.interesting lore and background from monsterlogs, all in all tons of value for your money!10/10"
,Recommended,248820,8771330,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Punchbot,Pros:DifficultTight controlsDifferent Characters fit different playstylesCons:Notable FPS dropsDifficultThere isn't any guidance in how to unlock additional characters.A match making feature would do wonders for solo gamers.Quick Thought:Risk of Rain is what you get when you combine Diablo and Metroid/Castlevania and then condense them down to a 40 minute experience.
,Recommended,248820,8729086,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Norveejun,"23 hours in the last 3 days.... loved every second... well except for the excruttiatingly death filled first 2 hours but after that i felt better as i manage to finally accomplish full playthroughs on the easiest difficulty, now I attempt to live in the medium normal difficult, but i die.... a lot. best of luck to the next guy. 10/10 would buy again"
76561198049735357,Recommended,248820,10590416,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Wicked,this game was so worth my money!
76561198002558459,Recommended,248820,8417445,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Ruyo,Amazingly fun!
,Recommended,248820,7907829,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,RipTlde,"Risk of Rain is an addicting and fun to play sort of beat-em up RPG which takes on some rouge-like qualities. The basic gameplay is killing seemingly randomly spawned enemies to acquire new items to become stronger and beat bosses until you progress to the final stage. This game has a story that while not the most prominent of features is still interesting in terms of lore. The items and monsters you come accross get catalogued and have individual descriptions which builds a somewhat deep world for the game to take place in. As you play the game more items and characters to play become unlocked. Unlockables are extremely motivating although some of them can be a bit difficult on normal mode and playing on easy mode is such a tremendous gap of difficulty that it sometimes makes the player feel cheated when choosing it. One of the reasons is that the separate difficulties directly effect the difficulty curve in the game. As you play the game automatically gets harder after set intervals. This is a unique and a well-done risk against reward mechanic, but I feel easy mode may make dilute it too much.Risk of Rain's main gameplay is quite rewarding. As the initial starting class you can roll out of enemy danger-zones and shoot from afar. Many of the unlocked characters have their own unique gameplay style which can become quite interesting during multiplayer. Though some of the characters feel marginally less fun to play than others. On occasion a player may find themselves with a slow first level because the enemy spawing is quite sparatic initially. This can often lead to poor chance at later progression automatically. At the end of each level there is a boss fight which can range from very difficult to downright child's play. Sometimes bosses will spawn on a platfrom that the player can shoot from but the boss can't attack from. The boss fights are almost always exciting though and the boss and enemy variety throughout the game is large enough to where traversing the levels is seldom boring.Overall, Risk of Rain is a fun game with rewarding gameplay. If you have friends to play the game gets even better. Some of the unlockables can be a bit tough, but easy mode will allow for smooth travels while unlocking new items and classes.Risk of Rain receives 5 large potatoes out of 7."
,Recommended,248820,9095720,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Raeldon,"This game really stands out as a gem in my eyes. AMAZING music (reminds me a lot of MegaMan titles..early ones :) The gameplay is very smooth, although i sometimes have trouble grabbing onto ropes as i fly on by, but it may just be my logitech dualaction showing it's age.  There are no apparent flaws that I can see after a good day's worth of playing--in the gameplay and the style they're going for.  It seems perfectly fair and ESPECIALLY hard, but i'm glad its difficult because it really adds to the replayability.  I've unlocked about 30% of the game so far but i would say i'm playing a little above average so don't assume you'll get 100% in 3 days.  It just won't happen.  I know it won't for me anyway!  The flowing nature of the gameplay and scavenging aspect makes me feel like i'm playing something that was really well thought out and tested.  There are points where you do end up thinking 'how the hell am i going to pull this off' but more likely than not a few minutes later you'll be thinking WHOAAA I DID IT! All in all a very good title, i bought it on sale but after playing it for 7 hours i can recommend buying this game for the full price any day.  I haven't played coop yet but judging how the characters play out i can see how it would be a great time with friends!"
,Recommended,248820,10646660,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,gfkxj,I think this game is amazing and fun and has a cool art style along with amazing lore within game.
76561198085562850,Recommended,248820,10649770,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,placidbeans,great game! definately reccomend
,Recommended,248820,10599952,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,NoPaintRequired,"This game is a superb plaforming shooting game with random elements and a timer of death looming over you. This game makes you want to fight to the bitter end and it makes you push yourself. In ways, it's just like a good old arcade game, except instead of pouring quarters, you'll be pouring hours."
,Recommended,248820,8055070,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,[KFC] The Colonel,"You may begin this game an understand nothing and that's fine, but as you play it it becomes a beautiful and yet loney world where you are your only friend and EVERYTHING wants your life. The game may look simple overall, and it pretty much is, however you're quickly dragged into a world where the feeling of dispair hits hard only to be even more enhanced by the bomb♥♥♥♥♥music that plays with it. Whether you play this game alone or with friends you'll at least LIKE it. I bought the 4 pack and although I never played with my friends we all still liked it. Don't be discouraged if you're frustrated by the multiplayer function, this game is great just give it a chance.PROS (In my opinion):-Powerups even the playing field against massive bosses-Difficulty increases over time keeping the game fun-Many different heroes for whatever your play style-It's not an expensive title and you WILL play it a lotCONS (In my opinion):-Multiplayer isn't a simple setup (It will take some getting used to)-Chat in game is text based ( better keep those fingers flying)-THERE'S NO SEQUEL!!!"
,Recommended,248820,10663343,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Tazer,"This game is alot of fun. Not a huge roguelike fan, but this feels much better then that."
,Recommended,248820,10686959,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,TheWynterKnight,"Basically, a wonderful and breathtakin aesthetic style reminiscent of Sword and Sworcery in a tight, well balanced, rougelike shooter. This game is spectacular."
,Recommended,248820,10637433,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Chris,Super difficult rougelike that is very rewarding to play.
,Recommended,248820,10780194,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,trenchback,I can't stop playing ithelp
,Recommended,248820,11116468,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"Much sexual inuendo, 11/10 would play again"
,Recommended,248820,10534104,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,NEEQUAN,"one of the best games ever made, pure fun and joy!"
76561198037127081,Recommended,248820,10924616,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,thedisastermarch,Great game
,Recommended,248820,8812087,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,BORN TO DIE WORLD IS A FUCK,"A maddeningly addictive action shooter in the same vein as Binding of Isaac. Features similar item driven, shallow, twitch-based combat, but in this case the addition of multiple, actually varied classes helps significantly alleviate the lack of gameplay depth. Minute-to-minute gameplay is closer to Diablo, in that it focuses on constant movement, cooldown management, and enemy crowd control. Ability cooldowns are a frustrating band-aid solution for proper game balance. Movement and combat feel restricted; better mobility options and more/more interesting abilities would be welcome. Basically, the only problem with RoR is that it would be better with more time in the oven; this is pretty high praise actually, and indicative of rock-solid mechanical foundations. I'd also be remiss to not mention the excellent atmosphere and world building afforded by the item descriptions, monster logs, etc. RoR understands how to make a compelling mystery, and doesn't stumble over itself to provide the player with answers."
,Recommended,248820,10855156,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Lastemp3ror,This game is the first rogue like game that I really enjoyed. It is hard but gives you just enough to keep you coming back. It is even better when you play it CO-OP. The soundtrack is amazing as well.
,Recommended,248820,8159154,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Chareon,"EDIT: It looks like some of the display scaling issues were fixed. However I still have massive issues getting the game to run properly, as it looks like it was only designed to work properly on displays with a 16:9 ratio. Unfortunately any other ratio causes severe havok and the game gets really blurry and doesn't look very good. Use of windowed mode is required, but fortunately thanks to the fix at least windowed mode is now playable.As it stands, due to some crippling display scaling bugs I cannot recommend this game. Hopefully the dev's will resolve the issue in the future, but so far it has been over a month without any response whatsoever. (Don't get your hopes up.)"
76561198039187988,Recommended,248820,8157387,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Equitum,Such an amazing roguelike... Can't wait to unlock every character to get the full experience!
,Recommended,248820,8407047,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,undeadpixels,One of the better rogue-likes in the recent indie onslaught of the genre.
,Recommended,248820,9140661,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,MostStrange,Check out my review onAction Points!
76561198042483554,Recommended,248820,15734530,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,wolf_26,"At the beginning of a good game, you are commando with measly health and 2 pistols.At the end, you are a missile firing, barbed-wire wearing, crowbar wielding, gasoline pouring, mortar launching, knife murdering, fireworks shooting, ukulele playing, fungus eating, bear hugging, drug using, grenade throwing, embryo using, mask wearing, glass wearing, warbanner waving madman shooting explosive, laser-firing, frost inflicting, burning bullets, with a jar containing the souls of every creature in sight which you can release to wreak havoc at your will.Yeah. It's pretty fun.Oh, did I mention the arsenal of drones? Those too.And I guess I should say the chance of you getting to the point of being completely amazing is pretty slim. But if you get there...Everything dies."
,Recommended,248820,10892296,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Zezima,"This game dumps you into a wasteland with nothing but the skin of your back. You will fight tooth and nail to cling dearly to the false concept you call life. You'll scrounge every last piece of gold, exp, and raw meat you can muster to keep going... just a little farther... maybe just enough to make it to that fabled teleporter. And then just as soon as victory is in your grasp, after overcoming all the seemingly impossible odds, the game will rip out your intestines and hang you with them like a noose. It will then insult you for your incompetence. All while you bang your head to a soundtrack fitting for your own merciless mutiliation.10/10 would die again."
,Recommended,248820,10792297,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,EagleEye,"Fantastic game, great replayability factor. Even when you die early."
,Recommended,248820,13483388,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,xangszane,♥♥♥♥ing quality.
76561198065241900,Recommended,248820,19093292,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Señor Cheshire,"I WANNA KNOOOW, HAVE YOU EVAAAAH SEEEN THE RAAAAAIN?!!"
,Recommended,248820,10974960,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,cwmartin,"Fun, repeat. Live or Die, repeat."
76561197999689997,Recommended,248820,7793454,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Ikimono,"Amazing game, friends are pretty nessisary for anything more than ""easy"" mode if you're hoping to beat it.Great replayability, fun mechanics, great art style, really a fun title."
,Recommended,248820,15228433,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Bisamråtta,"Definitely a tasty delicacy for any roguelike/openworld/randomly-generated lover fellow.I found many similarities to my favorite Binding of Isaac (and BOI: Rebirth too) but Risk of Rain provides the fun in a more aggressive way, more hardcore, if you say so. Two things I've been remembering all way through my humble time of playing (this will be fixed soon) are Terraria, from which Risk of Rain took some details and mechanics, and Rogue Legacy, which also has this extreme hardcore feeling, but lacks the flexibility.Guys did amazing job getting all the best together and Risk of Rain is a beautiful product, but pretty hardcore-ey - easy mode does not count any progress you made and is simply boring while normal mode goes way up so be prepared to have a tough start. Game is flexible and it requires you to be flexible as well. Do or die.8/10 will play moreBugs make some experience horrible."
76561197998498981,Recommended,248820,8538961,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Aldemotte,"Really fun game to play. Has great replay value with the several classes and items you unlock along the way The learning curve can be a bit steep for some but the more you play it the better you get basically. The Enforcer is a ♥♥♥♥♥ to get good at though I say that. Online play isnt all that streamlined either and the only ""lobby"" does not have many servers so it is best to just make one yourself if you dont care for the waiting. Hopfully that will change in the future."
,Recommended,248820,13490919,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Thorn the Tree,"So apparently this is another pixel-rpg kind of game.what differs this from the mass is the element of random in mob and boss spawnage.I get a terraria feeling over the entire game, except that it is incredibly hard to go far on.What i really love is the fact that you have one life only.So will yo play safe, progress fast but be more vital?Or kill mobs, level up, gain gear, but also periodically increase the games difficulty?The choices are many.This is actually one of my favourite pixel-games right now.First favourite is ""Holy Invasion of Privacy, Badman! What Did I Do To Deserve This?"" (yes, that IS an actual game.)I will second this and 3rd is terraria."
,Recommended,248820,7871197,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Dolan Duck ☯,"Really good game, could use a more intuned multiplayer menu though!"
76561198020171232,Recommended,248820,8411302,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,AuronXIII,one of the best roge like games
,Recommended,248820,7903305,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Master Scooooooo,"A very addicting game that gets harder as time goes on. It's a little difficult to start off, but once you get it you will have a hard time putting it down. Tons of unlockables done by doing challenges that range from getting killed 50 times to not getting touched at all while getting to the third level teleporter. Not enough yet? Grab up to three other friends to join the crazy action. I can hardly tell what's going on with two players, four must be insane. Get this game, it's so much fun alone and a lot better with friends."
,Recommended,248820,7767734,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Cryefer,"I love this game so much.That might seem ♥♥♥♥ing biased right at the start right? Yeah, so? ♥♥♥♥ you.START GAME>MONSOON DON'T BE A ♥♥♥♥♥. You start the game with this Commando ♥♥♥♥♥. You got 4 abilities. 1 to shoot 2 weak shots but shoots pretty fast, 2 for FMJ shoots in a line and pushes back, 3 to make a mother♥♥♥♥in roll ♥♥♥♥♥ and 4 is this matrix shoot at enemies on both side to stun. Well you don't play this guy he's♥♥♥♥♥♥ Unless you play on easy aka Drizzle like all those ♥♥♥♥ing little scrub ♥♥♥♥♥es on forums with their stupid tier lists.Anyway you start the game with Commando (I'll call him ♥♥♥♥♥ from now on.) So you walk around this desert place or grass place. Oh what do you mean Cryefer? Well there are some map variations. You might start on either of those and there are few on the way.So you see some little ♥♥♥♥♥es popping up on your screen and then you cap their♥♥♥♥♥ Easy right? Just spam some buttons, ♥♥♥♥♥ doesn't do anything else. They die and drops some g's and xp. There are some chests on the way ranging from 25-50 dolla bills. They are only like that in the first level, you see that bar on tha right? Ya that♥♥♥♥♥♥makes game harder the longer the game takes. So get shooting those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s till you got cash to unlock things. Oh what's this? 3 choices. I'm gonna leave that♥♥♥♥♥♥up to you. It's part of the fun to figure what to take.So while I'm at it. Most of the♥♥♥♥♥♥you get, you are required to do something. So you're playing as ♥♥♥♥♥ right? Well one of the things I remember is rolling and dodging killing blows, cause that's what you gonna have to do when you play as the ♥♥♥♥♥ ahahah. Right now I don't remember how you unlock Enforcer but he's the next guy, I think he comes pretty much automatically. He's ♥♥♥♥♥'s little Ho. Another worthless class.Ok back to gameplay. So you got your chests and stuff, what's this? Red altar thing. That's a ♥♥♥♥ing portal don't touch it till you think you got balls(aka items) to wipe the boss and his goons out. They keep coming till you survive 120 seconds. 120 seconds it is for men who play on Monsoon. So you might die depending on your luck and not scrubness. Magma worm? You're ♥♥♥♥ed. The others are pretty easy. Maybe you won the first map by now or on some other run. Great! You're going to die on the next. Sucks right? Time to make another run...Uh I don't think there's much more to say. I'll just spoil the rest. I'll just tell what I think about the grafix. I saw some people whine about this♥♥♥♥♥♥so I'll talk. So this game has this very pixely art. Some♥♥♥♥♥♥isn't seen like some people say. Well ya it looks very minimalistic, but I think it looks very nice for what it is, pixel art. Some people had issues differentiating their characters. Are you looking at the game from outer space? It actually really tells the scale of the game when you are this fart sized and there is this gigantic worm againts you.I really like the music just go to youtube and listen. If you bought the game (it's 9 euros or♥♥♥♥♥♥like that), the music files are right in the game folder.This game is sexy for under 10 euros. Did I already say to buy it? Buy it."
,Recommended,248820,9608587,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Garstank,It's real good. Get it.
,Recommended,248820,15283898,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Fry The Brain,The rage is real with this one.
,Recommended,248820,7957928,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Court,"An action-platformer, with rouge-lite elements. This is a polished game with a good amount of items, enemeys, levels and ect. The music and art are great! Sound effects are good too. The different characters are fun to play too! Single-player and Co-op are both a lot of fun. A heads up, you need to know how to port forward to host a co-op game and a pretty decent upload speed for others to not lag. A few bugs here and there in co-op too. When people lag out, you pretty much have to restart the game, which gets annyoing. Other than those small things this is a really great game. I highly suggest this if you are into hard games. Games like Binding of Isaac, Dark Souls, or Spelunky."
76561198054969856,Recommended,248820,27243199,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ClungeSniffer,Nice
76561198030864926,Recommended,248820,10025015,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,uty,There is no rains in this game actually. Is this some kind of ASOIAF reference?
,Recommended,248820,9178423,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Cipollone,"This game is a drug.I started it thinking ""oh it will be fun for a little while"".It is a DRUG.It's really good, responsive controls and hard as hell, very unforgiving.The music is awesome.GET IT."
,Recommended,248820,8702423,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,KDR3989,"Imagine Contra was pumping drinks into The Binding of Isaac one night at the bar and they wind up going back to Contra's place for a little late night fun. Nine months later, The Binding of Isaac gives birth to this game.Lots of fun, tons of replay value and instantly addicting. The gradual introduction of characters upon completing achievements lets you learn characters as they unlock without overwhelming you with 10 characters right out of the gate."
,Recommended,248820,7947405,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,SqueakyP,"This game has a nice mix of challenge and reward. It seems pretty enjoyable, but I wish that the multiplayer was less buggy."
,Recommended,248820,13130124,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,BEASTMAN,"Great game, but cant get the multiplayer to work and was originally bought to play with a friend"
76561198009823849,Recommended,248820,8536444,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Celtia,"While the lack of cloud saving support (and the lack of a particularly user-friendly or reliable online play option) is disappointing [though this game is more designed towards single-player anyhow], this is actually a really fun game with a very rewarding and tight feel to every element of it, as well as a nice learning curve and plenty of unlockables and things to learn.Very much an action game, part side-scrolling shooter, part side-scrawling beat-em-up (with some classes), part roguelike, but incredibly satisfying and, well, fun. Which is odd to come from me, as more of a turn-based/strategy gamer."
,Recommended,248820,10396653,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Zazz The Boy,FUN GAME NOT MUCH RAIN BUT LOTS OF RISK ITS GREAT COOL FUN
,Recommended,248820,10539163,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Josh,"Awesome rouge-like platformer with increasing difficulty and good visuals, plus a multiplayer option.  I would love to see more people playing this game"
,Recommended,248820,8566744,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Cybernetic,"I'm going to go with a Giantbomb-style review and give this 2014's 2013 Game of the Year. There are multiple classes to unlock, many items to equip, intense action, and an increasinly punishing difficultly, but when the RNG rolls in your favor you will be Death personified in no time. When that happens Risk of Rain is sure to offer some of the best moments you can ever hope for from a game."
,Recommended,248820,7796707,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,ThePhantomFapper,"Great game but can not seem to connect to my friends thru the game client, I even tried going thru hamachi but it is still not working. I will give it a great review other then the fact I can not play mulitplayer with my friends"
,Recommended,248820,27777707,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ninjamonkey52,its good
,Recommended,248820,9038916,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Whylex,"I really recommend it. Lots of content, great gameplay and controls.I recommend playing it with a gamepad with analog sticks."
,Recommended,248820,7978288,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Crazy Diamond,Like games like Metroid? Buy it.Love unlockables? Buy it.Like a game that won't hold your hand? Why haven't you bought it yet?
,Recommended,248820,8348259,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Bearbearian,"27 hours in 2 weeks says a lot, especially when time is such a precious commodity. This game turns my brain into butter; I can happily veg out while shooting alien monsters and not give a ♥♥♥♥ about anything."
,Recommended,248820,7999516,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Cae くコ:ミ,Florida physically removed itself from the earth and then became this game. This game is about escaping Florida.And all of its weirdness is out to kill you. Including the old people.8.5/8.9999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999░█▄████▄█▄█▀██▀████░░░░░░░▄███▀▀███████▄▄░░░██▄▀     ▀▀▄██████████████████████████████████████████████▀░██▀▀██▀▀▀▀██▀▀██░█▀░░█▀░░░░█▀░░█▀
,Recommended,248820,17819535,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Mom,Fantastic. You can't afford not to buy this game.
76561198042006388,Recommended,248820,7914241,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,TorenCresent,"This is one of the best Rogue-likes games, if not the best I have ever played. I already have 30 hours into the game, and I know I will easily double that. The choice of classes, and the unlockables with the many achievements make the replay value just higher than most AAA games out there right now. The co-op is awesome, and really rewards you for skillful play.A few issues with the resolution, and a few minor bugs while playing co-op sneak their way in once in a while, but I usually forget about it once the amazing soundtrack kicks in. The music, and sound effects are superb.My only gripe, is that maybe the graphics coulda been slightly upgraded from what they are. While they are servicable and work, something more along the lines of Super Meat Boy graphics would have suited it more. Overall though, I reccomend this game to anyone that loves action, randomness, and a high risk vs reward system. 9/10 for sure."
76561198070494467,Recommended,248820,13540570,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,sponge223,Fun game xP run shoot upgrade try not to die deffinately one that will wast time.  A game that wastes time is a game made right in my books xD
,Recommended,248820,27338608,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Loud Ass Sistah,it actually wont rain
,Recommended,248820,15196039,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,sv_cheats 1,My sister walked in and thought this was Donkey Kong
,Recommended,248820,8177816,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,TheKoop,"First Impression: 9/10Imagine Rouge Legacy, smashed with megaman, a tiny bit of Binding if Isaac, and a smidgen of (very beautiful) pixel art and voila! You've got Risk of Rain.This game is simple in it's mechanics, and complex in it's growth. The power-ups make you feel a sense of progress but the bad guys don't ever let you take a back seat and enjoy an ""easy ride"". It is simultaneously enjoyable and frustrating, easy and difficult. This game will no doubt capture at least 50-100 hours of my time. And is easily worth the price tag."
,Recommended,248820,18919436,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Penisní obohacování,"First of all I'm a huge fan, of Rouge-like games.Risk of Rain is one of my most liked Rouge-like games ... BUT!This game should get MORE attention of creators/developers whatever you wanna call them.THIS GAME IS BRILLIANT!So addictive in multiplayer ... so much fun with finding bugs (In last part of the game on the ship, you can actually get EVERYWHERE only with ONE jetpack) and taking some challenges like white items only etc.Me and my friend what showed me this game, had SO MUCH FUN ... BUT ...I would love to see more of content, free or even payable I won't mind.I don't exactly know, if creators are working on some other games or creating new ones... its bit of a shame.For everyone who consider buying this game... DO IT!Shia approved! Gaben loved! Most enjoyable in COOP! GAME!Tell your friend to stop yelling at Russians at CS:GO or trying to break out of Bronze in LoL!And have a great time at this piece of masterpiece! :333"
,Recommended,248820,7773935,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Azix,"I recommend this game if you are a fan of Binding of Isaac and/or you have friends that love the ""rogue-like"" idea of the gameplay. There are tons of unlockables and the game is challenging if not a bit buggy. The bugs can work for or against you, depending on how ready you are to have the same boss spawn on you infinitely...I have beat the game once and have played (and died) about 50 times or so and only have about 60% of the content unlocked. There is an abstract story line that can be paid attention to if you read the monster logs, but this isn't a game I would pick up for that reason.The classes of the game feel different enough, but there are a few that you would rather not play. This game is all about mobility and lifesteal (and all of the other buffs as well) and some of the classes are lacking in that. The first class that you get to play feels like it is the strongest so far (7 out of the 10 unlocked).This game is easily LANable for up to 4 players total. There are no public servers, you have to port forward and host yourself. I actually prefer this to the public server option as games like this are typically short-lived.PRO's:Fun, Intense, Exciting, Achieving?, Unlockables, Cheap (dollar wise)CON's:Repetitive (but, I mean...), Lack of variety/balanced classes, Bugs that make the game impossible, Difficult to set up a WAN game.82/100"
76561198079372465,Recommended,248820,9932800,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,gorantheg,Very fun with lots of replayability. Perfect for local multiplayer
,Recommended,248820,24001991,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,awsomeKnight,Best indie game ever!
,Recommended,248820,10712673,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Flutterby,There is no risk to buy this game during sale!
76561198078936811,Recommended,248820,20666310,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Kaldeeno,Hours O Fun. I promise.
76561198187703227,Recommended,248820,15297000,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Bones,"Good character variety, good item variety, good gameplay, good music. 10/10Also, award for smallest player sprite ever.10/10"
76561198037111538,Recommended,248820,26930085,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CaptainSully,I spend hours looping in this. A great and fun time killer.
,Recommended,248820,11965852,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,sox,bad
,Recommended,248820,7958181,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Rubber,"Very fun little game. Item system similar to the Binding of Isaac. Not a platformer, instead it's more combat-oriented."
,Recommended,248820,13512165,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Agrinsoni1,This game is so fun it has so many different cool little things about it. The items are all really funny or cool. The game is super hard (only beat it once). Unlocking the extra characters is challenaging yet not impossible and just the simplicty of the game makes it so addicting.
,Recommended,248820,9076272,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Reubensandwichthe1st,"This game is AMAZING so fun will not stop playing. Only problem is its hard to play on multiplayer. But the gameplay is AMAZING. Worth the money get its now when its on sale (or not, still worth $10, but hey less money worth it) If your thinking on getting it, THEN GET IT. 10/10 GAMEPLAY!"
76561198067591926,Recommended,248820,13922862,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Mr. Writer,"""reaches insanity difficulty, puts on shades and whispers in epic voice ""'this s*** just got real'""reaches for gun""+mulitplayer but bug needs fixingotherwise 10/10 if you like sidescroller shooter rpg s***storms"
76561198046723118,Recommended,248820,10739182,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,FireBandicoot,"This game is really fun, 10/10"
,Recommended,248820,9060006,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Spoons,"Taking elements from both MOBAs and sidescrolling shooters and then filling in the cracks with roguelike elements (as everything seems to do nowadays), Risk of Rain carries with it a risk... not of rain, but that you will become massively addicted.Don't stop for one second... everything is out for your blood."
,Recommended,248820,8542983,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Fez,"So much fun for hours, and very challenging also. Soon you will find yourself just looking for all the characters cause you must have them all! Very good game, with couple bugs, but nothing too serious"
,Recommended,248820,8855082,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,RhythmPixel,"A very difficult, addicting game where the scarce successful run brings the feeling of power."
,Recommended,248820,8285675,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Azujax,"Gorgeous and spectacular alone, fantastically fun with friends."
,Recommended,248820,8311667,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,CHEESECAKE,"Very addicting, Very fun, Very under priced."
76561198004889456,Recommended,248820,8557793,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,h-z,"I don't like platformes, I don't like roguelikes but this game is pretty cool. Reminds me of Dark Souls in terms of difficulty."
76561197991203828,Recommended,248820,8574285,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,baronsng1,I really can't get enough of this game.  Rogue style with many unlockables and characters.  Would recommend to anyone who enjoys action platforming with a bit of difficulty.
,Recommended,248820,8709033,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Dr Dream Reaper,Amazing side scroller worth every cent.
76561198075547394,Recommended,248820,15977648,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,swiftfatguy,awesome gamei got killed by leamruian10/10
,Recommended,248820,19720452,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,chaselikedonut,it hard
76561198075378232,Recommended,248820,19720563,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Skittles,This is an really hard game but super fun i would  recommend to people if you like hard games
76561198079075108,Recommended,248820,13537261,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,TL SimplyFox,"This game is ALMOST perfect. The variety of characters and items makes each playthrough a new experience of its own. I absolutely love the simple controls, even though playing through the game is not. Multiplayer has a few bugs though, leaving a little room for improvement.The only thing I don't like about this game is the crashing. Whenever you get far into the game, you have so many different auras and on-kill effects that fly around the screen. These can cause the game to crash, losing all your progress, records, and even unlockables.Other than that one flaw, the game is definitely worth buying, especially with friends."
,Recommended,248820,11393298,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Sirwatk1ns,"This is a great game. The game exels in every way posible from its fast pace action shooting to its beautiful art style. How ever one of the stand out features of this game is the music, it is awesome and it ties the hole game together.                I definately recomend this game"
,Recommended,248820,23790998,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,[DFS] SpookingSpooker,Pefect. Just perfect.I love the gameplay and the game itself.(P.S. It's easy to unlock stuff in co-op)
,Recommended,248820,26994639,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Orbs,"Risk of Rain is a game where you'll probably die a lot to start with. The game has you fighting through hordes of enemies, jumping from teleporter to teleporter, collecting items along the way.I'd say that this game isn't really comparable to other rogue-likes such as The Binding of Isaac because of how you get your items and progress, so if you're looking for that I'd look elsewhere. It is however an incredibly addictive time waster, with satisfying art and animation, and amazing sound design."
,Recommended,248820,8177016,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Sourdough,"If you are up for a challenge, this is a great game. Its even better if you get a few friends to play it with!"
,Recommended,248820,10119203,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Welcome To The Geese Fields,"Risk of Rain is a very solid experience that doesn't hold back its punches. While the game seemed a bit harsh when I first started playing, I found that the merciless nature of the game was actually enjoyable once I got acclimated to the game. The high difficulty makes it so that any enemy encounter could be your last and whether you survive or not could come down to simply deciding to use the right ability at the right time or knowing when its time to hunker down or run for your life. Even when the game crushes you it only makes learning how to survive and making it through the game that much more rewarding. The game is also a great experience with friends, and while setting up co-op isn't the easiest thing to do in Risk of Rain, it's definitely worth the effort. The types of synergy you can pull off between characters is fantastic, as well as the variety of builds available with the many items in the game. There's always reasons to come back such as unlocking new items, hunting for artifacts, unlocking new characters, trying out every level, going for new builds, speed-running, beating the game with each character, or beating the game with friends trying out different characters. I would recommend Risk of Rain to any co-op or indie-game enthusiasts. Definitely one of my all-time favorite indie titles."
,Recommended,248820,8219665,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,kaizzzu,THIS GAME IS AMAZINGrisk of rain is a must have for any rouge like loverand the soundtrack is amazing
,Recommended,248820,7753611,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,MiniorDebry,This game is as fun as it is hard.
,Recommended,248820,8749172,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Swag Bard,"This game is freaking fantastic!You can play with your friends to battle enemies and try to stay alive as long as possibleIt is ridiculously hard yet ridiculously fun, a very hard to accomplish comboIf you have $10 lying around BY THIS GAME"
,Recommended,248820,13113907,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Tactical Fleshlight,"Risk of Rainis an utterly infectious platformer game. Where it lacks in plot, it makes up for with crazy semi-randomized mechanics.You start out with four skills that slowly get augmented as you buy new items. Some will make your attacks faster or more powerful, some will grant new skills like the double jump, some will alter the game's aesthetic. All in all, the items (and tons of unlockables) keep the game fresh when first starting out.The game also boasts being one of the more challenging platformers. While your power level increases exponentially during your playthrough, the enemies become faster and stronger. There are no checkpoints, so if you die--you die permanently. With luck and a little bit of finesse, the game may be beaten, though.It takes a little time to get used to, but this game is really addictive to its core."
,Recommended,248820,10652974,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Illuminarchie,"When I started playing this game, I found it really enjoyable. The item collecting made it feel like the Binding of Isaac crossed with a platformer, but it soon became annoying.Tips to developer: make a way of being able to permenantly power up your character"
,Recommended,248820,13175248,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,GoodBer,"I usually don't do reviews at this point, I like to get through at least 50% of the game but heres what I have to say.Pro's- Intense PVE with a character base twitst, each one has his or her own abilities and ranges, the builds are limitless and anyway you can think you can build it, with Artifacts you can change the play style or make it difficult, some even unlock other characters! In the end you'll be happy to play this even if your not into these types of games. Just remember one thing, time is NOT your friends my friend!Con's- If you don't have a controller its going to be difficult, with one you'll really enjoy it more. Also multiplayer is only going to work with tunngle or hamachi. Hint to people stuck on the IP not changeable, dont worry about it, it DOES NOT MATTER!"
76561198071619857,Recommended,248820,20633937,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,✯Little Johnson✯,More crowbars than Half Life
,Recommended,248820,11412644,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Salamander Sal,"This game is INCREDIBLE , Tons of fun just buy it."
76561198057102894,Recommended,248820,9033863,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Tenibris,"i loved the gameplay, loved the graphics and loved the idea of the game. also if you notice in the begining sequence some of the chests are the same in starbound, which i enjoyed. but i found if you play on a laptop and you close the lid there is a chance of the game closing during a run, which can lead to some problems. for instance once i got the bandit i closed the lid and it crashed, so i have the survive for 40 mins and bandit achievement on steam, but not in game. so i dont have the items or the bandit. but all in all it is an enjoyable game to play alone and with friends.8.5-9/10"
,Recommended,248820,11410272,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Rap Jarl,"A thousand times yes. You are a little pixel person who has to fight increasingly huge mobs as time goes on. You grab power-ups that stack, so after awhile you are emitting all sorts missiles, flames, mines, and health charges, dodging things left and right while enemies explode into showers of coins and experience baubles. The most interesting part is that each character plays very differently, which is then compounded by the items that come up in a given playthrough. What this amounts to is that each time you play, you find yourself adapting to a different and shifting tactical situation as you shoot a bunch of stuff and run around.Also the graphics are nice, the music is great, and the secrets and unlockables are fun. The netcode is pretty wonky, but they are working on it, and most of my currently 18 hours has been happily spent playing alone anyway."
,Recommended,248820,7990160,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Super_chook,"This game is great, but i completely suck at it and can't unlock the other characters :("
76561198041702588,Recommended,248820,10852468,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,MyTurtle,Enough character and items to keep you involved for a long Long time. Doesn't dissapoint or get dull. Try it out for sure. Wish it was easier to link up with friends though.
76561197977550819,Recommended,248820,8584449,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,KL4nk,"Risk of Rain. This is an instant win for me, hectic 2d action with tight controls. the simple pixel graphic might stop some ppl. but who cares about graphic when gameplay is such a gem. theres are so many unlocks that you keep going back trying to find more, while trying to beat your life lasting time. ( 46 min for me).9.5/10 cuz nothin is perfect."
76561198078474313,Recommended,248820,8643805,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Zanderson,"really enjoyable, fast paced gameplay, diverse characters, well worth the price"
76561198000666609,Recommended,248820,8490904,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,DrunkRock,"Love this game! Controls are fluid, and the difficulty progression is phenomenal!"
,Recommended,248820,8492291,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,TheSunCameUp,This is very fun game with high replayability. The music is perfect and is probably one of my all time favorites. Instant classic.
,Recommended,248820,13111550,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,flb,"A hard, challenging rouge-ish platformer with a good bunch of characters and a s**t-ton of items! Hard as hell, not to mention an amazing soundtrack.9/10. :D"
,Recommended,248820,11796204,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Taek,"69/10I took the risk, and I got wet."
76561197995866600,Recommended,248820,10553630,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Megsie,"Absolutely love this game. It has the right amount of challenge and allows many new variants of gameplay with the new artifact update. If you like your games with a decent amount of challenge and are ready for crazy amounts of enemy and boss spawns then this game is for you.Only downside I see is that the game isn't really optimized well for older systems and framerate fluxuates. While this doesn't pose too much of a problem in single player, during online multiplayer experience this can cause problems. However this didn't really dull the experience for me.All in all a fun game."
76561198085465416,Recommended,248820,8265375,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Volk,"Really fun game play mixed with enough randomness and simple but beautiful grapics makes this a great game. The ability to unlock more charaters and items by doing certain ""quests"" or challenges keeps you coming back, as if the game play wasnt enough. The addition of being able to play online and local co-op with up to 4 players adds a lot also. The one thing I have to complain about is the level randomness. Most of the levels have a very simular layout with just the teleporter and items being scatered about. All in all I would give it a solid 7/10. The more friends you have the better it gets, so I would definently recomend this as a party game. But its fun (and more difficult) solo too."
,Recommended,248820,8711837,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,glennthefrogjj,"This is an very addicting game.  The gameplay is very tight.  All the unlockables in the game keep you coming back for more.  If you love action-y platformers and roguelike replayability, this is a great choice."
,Recommended,248820,8573150,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Toshioa,I freaking love this game! So simple in design and concept but unbelievably good fun and works an absolute charm. Even on single player this is a thoroughly entertaining game but get a friend involved and the hours just melt away. Highly recommended :)
,Recommended,248820,8722034,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Spoon,"This game is ADDICTIVELY fun and very rewarding. The items are uniqre and fun, and everytime you unlock or discover a new one it exciting and you cant help wanting to strive to unlock em all. All 10 of the classes are unique and effective in their own way, and neither of them are under or over powered. It has a TON of replayability and there is always something new for you to try out each run. for 10$ i absolutely reccomend this game and if you do buy it come play co-op with me :D."
,Recommended,248820,8267988,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,eloiPrime,"Surprisingly fun indie game with some simple, but unique game-play! It is a little bit difficult to set up the multiplayer, but it is worth playing with your friends!"
76561198046060953,Recommended,248820,8607366,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,legowiz,"I definitely recommend this game, since I bought it I can't stop playing it. It's a great game with many unlockables and is very replayable."
,Recommended,248820,8609855,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,dick facy,"Highly recommended. I always end up coming back to Risk of Rain for a couple of play-throughs, it's one of the few games that entices me to play again after gettting killed and losing all of my progress. Beatiful visuals, tons of awesome power ups and unlockable characters that actually change up the gameplay rather than just make you look fancy. I really enjoy the music in this game as well."
,Recommended,248820,16346036,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,tacodog,This game is so good I don't even care there's no rain in it
,Recommended,248820,7717010,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,Sgt. Chrysalis,"Just... I don't... Play it, play it now, it's well worth the 9.99"
,Recommended,248820,7813500,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Estigio Mr. Big Stuff,"la verdad qe es un juego en el cual podes jugar 5hs seguidas y no frustrarte, podes perder pero siempre divertirte, dejas de jugar y te seguis riendo de las cosas qe pasaron en la partidatiene esa magia de los viejos juegos, lindos colores, explotar cosas, items locos (en un 90% pasivos <3 )......la animacion, la estetica, los colores, la musica.... todo encajan para hacerte olvidar del tiempo transcurrido, no hay nada mas qe vos, y esos bichos q te qieren matar! felicidad aseguradaCOMPRA OBLIGADApd: en coop se multiplica la diversion10/10 ESTIGIOS"
76561198031928603,Recommended,248820,8415322,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Bakemono,Risk of rain is loads of fun and very challenging. Since every run is different it adds alot of replayability. Definitely recommend it.
,Recommended,248820,10718559,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,gibbonofdoom,"I've not had a ""one more go"" experience quite like this since Civ III.  It's painful, but brilliant"
,Recommended,248820,9056418,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Gupasaurus,"One of those games that comes along and shows you that all of the games you have already played were easy because they were designed to be. Risk of Rain is not easy (in my opinion), but it is one of the most fun games I have played in a long time. Being a roguelike every run is different, different items, different levels of win opportunity, and whether the RNG screws you over or not, you'll have fun playing and probably dying."
,Recommended,248820,9137729,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,non human,sucks to suck
,Recommended,248820,10696604,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,D Monkey,Cheaper than adoption.
,Recommended,248820,20195279,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Gativrek,"Risk of Rain is a platformer alien shooter made by Hoopoo Games. The game isn't updated so often anymore, but it's still worth buying. It has fast paced shooting with a variety of characters, beatifully made pixel graphics and a lot of items. It has simplistic controls that change with every character, having strategy involved and smart thinking during fights.The game consists on a outsider crashing into a planet, where we must use teleporters to get to a new ship that Providence guards. So you must fight through levels, finding teleporters and fighting the boss that guards it. All characters have 4 attacks, having a regular attack with no cooldown, usually a more powerful AoE, a support attack and a powerful attack with a lot of cooldown.The graphics and music aren't the best, but combined they great an amazing atmosphere. Not much more can be said about this game, it's lots of fun and easy to start playing and get into, but require learning what every enemy does, learning all the advantages for each character and learning what each item does. Just all around great game, but with it's flaws, like the few bugfixes it gets.8.5/10"
,Recommended,248820,7902946,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Variance,Grab an umbrella
,Recommended,248820,8735319,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,FLINCH,This game is awesome!
76561198035733880,Recommended,248820,8144970,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,AQUABRYDMNDGRLL,GG
76561198030608408,Recommended,248820,8191545,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Gerald,"What can I say that someone hasn't said before? Awesome game, has a really nice feel to it when you hammer away at enemies, blasting them with everything you have and then barely jumping away, plus the frequency of the upgrades is a nice touch, nothing's too rare ingame, so you'll always be finding this or that in a lucky little chest.I will say, something needs to be done as far as multiplayer goes, simple lobby browsing/matchmaking system wouldn't be bad, make it easier to compose matches. And here's a silly idea, if the online flows seamlessly: pvp?"
,Recommended,248820,8327034,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,A Person,"It's hard at first, but then when you get good... you get damn good and it feels good. If you are into skill based gameplay, and can handle the difficulty, you're going to have a good time.Run, jump, and 4 attacks.What, 10 characters to play as? Each with 4 unique abilities, having different roles and playstyles.My favorite playthrough thus far:The merc (unlocked by beating the game five times) is a full melee class. Difficult at first, leveling up gives more health and attack speed. Late game, he's got items for life leech, regen x 6, items to crit every attack while healing himself, increasing attack speed, exploding for spalsh damage, and eliminating cool downs. He attacked probably 3 times a second, and spamming his second ability, he attacked 6 times a second. He was a friggen blender by the end, out healing damage taken.Like this almost:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=196295484Killed a boss in 4 seconds, this was on Monsoon! (Hardest)This is one playthrough... Alone too, it's even better with others. I've had so many other awesome playthroughs with different characters. At least 3 more I can recall clearly.Do know, if you can't keep up the skill to survive, this game is unforgiving. You will die, many times. No respawns. You die, you start again with nothing.If you can kick♥♥♥♥♥unendingly, and take no ♥♥♥♥♥, only give; this game will kick♥♥♥♥♥ The music is good too.Worth the price, though I got it on sale. I then got multiple copies to gift to friends. I hear it's great with a controller, but I do just fine on keyboard.10/10, with great replay value."
,Recommended,248820,8605156,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,[B@D]Satzumi,Absolute great and addicting game.
76561198027408770,Recommended,248820,8715071,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Molly Meldrum,Really one of the best games i have played in years
76561198037265717,Recommended,248820,8180283,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Kubsh,shoot aliens with your gun and then you die
,Recommended,248820,8561157,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,smackdo,"My first ""rouge-like"" game and I absolutely love it! A game that very much rewards thinking and skillfull play. Very difficult at first until you learn the mechanics and how to use each class as you unlock them."
,Recommended,248820,8603755,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Deguilemin,This game is literally addicting. Try it. It'll get you to see it in a different way. I promise.
,Recommended,248820,8240260,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Chev,"OK LISTEN does the roguelike formula appeal to you? Do you enjoy mastering a game and feeling like an untouchable badass? Do you like games with simple controls and simple mechanics but lots of challenges and replay potential?RISK OF RAIN MIGHT BE FOR YOU if you said yes to the above.When you first play the game, it might be a little rough, because the enemies rip you apart until you learn their patterns and how to best utilize your hero's skills so you avoid damage, but once you do, the game gets a LOT more interesting. It also doesn't help that the first hero you get is kind of weak, but it's really easy to unlock other ones. So keep playing even if the first looks don't really appeal to you."
,Recommended,248820,8761417,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Soular,Metroid + Binding of Isaac.It's the kinda thing that gets you hooked in 5 minutes.
76561198050297387,Recommended,248820,9187932,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Shlurped,Game is Da Best!
,Recommended,248820,8596374,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Guybrush Threepwood,1st Round:     uaargh2nd Round:   puh3rd Round:    well....4th Round:    OW COME ON5th Round:    REALLY?!6th Round:    YES YES HAHAHA!!!7th Round:    Noooo NOOOOO!!8th Round:    Addicted.
76561198089171940,Recommended,248820,9065417,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,plz help,"Amazing game with beautiful world design.  The music is AMAZING. Totally worth ten dollars, plus some."
,Recommended,248820,7896507,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Pepito Bât,"A really nice rogue like. Even if graphics aren't amazing (the pixel style has nothing really special), there still is a lot of content. The game is hard, but balanced. It is obviously made for multi, so I suggest you buy it to play with friends. It's pretty good alone though. The musics are AWE-SOME : fitting perfectly to this game.Buy it, play it with some good friends, and enjoy the fun ! :)"
,Recommended,248820,9082528,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,GREENKUN,적은 용량으로 큰 재미를 주는 인디 액션 게임.아이템 파밍이냐 빠른 보스 러쉬냐 선택과 시간에 따라 난이도가 급증하는 점이 매우 독특합니다
76561198055141019,Recommended,248820,9056354,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Moomatron,On sale and fun as hell.
76561198004080234,Recommended,248820,8988417,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Mearvus,"This game is a real marvel, with less pleasing graphics at a first glance. Trying it out, it lets you know exactly how hard it is, and you'll be needing several tries just to beat the first level. And then a dozen or so more to beat the first level and get to the second level again, after it killed you the first time in 20 seconds.Playing the co-op version with a friend is an absolut blast, literally. You'll be twice as effective compared to playing single player, but the difficulty will still keep ramping up.Risk of Rain does want to rain on your parade, but it is still a definate winner in my book.Thank you so much for this game. The hours of entertainment are almost limitless."
,Recommended,248820,9201459,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,danil terci((((,"9/10 for this game. I find myself attracted to roguelikes, and i would say that this is a really well designed one. Once you get to know it well, it gets easy to win. However, there are bugs and glitches. Yes, it is an indie, and made in GameMaker Studio, so it the bugs are to be expected. However, i solely reccomend to buy this game."
,Recommended,248820,8447299,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Lemon,"Surprisingly one of my most favorite roguelikes of all time. Not entirely sure why, perhaps the replayability or the atmosphere, but there are many aspects to this game that really click with me. It manages to appeal to that collector side of me, but also, what amazes me the most is every time I die (alot), it doesn't♥♥♥♥♥♥me off like The Binding of Isaac or Dungeons of Dredmor. I just say to myself, well, I made a good run of it.I've done at least 30 run throughs and havent even gotten past the fourth level. I love it :D"
,Recommended,248820,29687438,Posted: 4 February,all,Steve,"Neat die once die forever thingy mc jingy. AND it was made before that was like, ""the thing"" to do for your indie game. Before it was cool. It's like the rogue lite hipster of Steam."
,Recommended,248820,7786221,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,DoctorAutopsy,"This game is outstanding. Every run is completely different and co-op, although a little laggy and buggy at times, makes the game way more fun."
,Recommended,248820,8446322,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Shutey,YOU'RE HUGE.THAT MEANS YOU HAVE A HUGE HEALTH BAR.SHOOT AND DODGE! SHOOT AND DODGE!
,Recommended,248820,30016432,Posted: 18 February,all,Hattori,"Risk of Rain is yet another roguelike where the main appeal is to unlock as many items you can and to see how long you can survive.And I would say it achieves those two aspects pretty well. It manages to differentiate itself from other similar games by how its gameplay mechanics work.While the overall aesthetic boils down to pretty much a 2d side scroller platformer, the combat takes its inspiration from MMORPGs, where you have to wait a few seconds before you can utilize a certain hability again. This creates a really great flow between how you deal with large numbers of enemies because at any point you have to take into consideration what attacks and habilities you can utilize.Each character you unlock is vastly different from the one you used before, and they all provide different strategies and ways of approaching the enemies.Another interesting mechanic is the difficulty. Time is always counting in Risk of Rain, and difficulty scales with it. The brilliance of the game however is that you cant simply rush to the end in an attempt to keep the difficulty low.Levels are huge and to beat them you must first find the teleporter to activate it and wait 90 seconds before you can use it, while having to fight an onslaught of enemies and a boss.Between that, you have to earn enough money by killing enemies so you can unlock treasure chests that earn you a wild variety of items that will stack up to turn you into a killing machine.Part of the fun of the game is to figure out what those items do so I wont spoil them, but the spectacle that they create as you manage to exterminate hundreds of enemies in a few shots is the highlight of the game.And its this balance that makes Risk of Rain so much fun. Should you just rush it to the end goal? Or should you waste some more time upgrading your stuff before moving on to a harder level?Risk of Rain contains some randomization as you would expect from the genre, but they are very lite, being pretty much just the order of pre-built levels, item placement, teleporter, enemies and bosses. Being that a big chunk of your time is spent exploring the level, its a good decision that they arent procedurally generated, so that way you can easily orientate yourself .""Game Feel"" is also on point, shooting enemies is incredibly satisfying and blowing 10 or 20 of them in on move never gets old.Risk of Rain however isnt what I would call perfect game design. The game has a weird case of ""dead air"" where you arent sure what to do. Let me explain:You start the level and your priorities are to find items to upgrade yourself. You need money for that, so you need to kill enemies. Enemies wont spawn until a few minutes into the level, and when they do it's in very short bursts. The best way to get money is to activate the teleporter and fight the army that ensues. But you arent prepared for that because you didnt get enough upgrades. So you wait for enemies to spawn while you explore the level in search of chests to get items. It creates a strange paradox where you are forced to wait for enemies in a game that is all about moving as fast as you can.This is the worst part of the game for me, it feels like an inbetween before the real fun of the game, especially since the levels are so big and your character moves so slowly.This doesnt make it a bad game, not at all, its just not very well designed, but luckily the good stuff about the game vastly makes up for this.Another thing I would say the game lacks is maybe quantity. Weird nitpick I know, but it really feels like the game would benefit from having more♥♥♥♥♥♥in it. Kinda like Binding of Isaac's numerous upgrades and expansions.Risk of Rain has a very short selection of levels and bosses, and enemies do become repetitive after a few hours, containing only slight variations of colour and health.Regardless, you should definitely play this game, the last level is just insane with the amount of enemies you have to deal with and the final boss is no pushover. The pixel art is gorgeous, the animations of enemies and your character are great and the soundtrack is phenomenal.All in all, I highly recommend Risk of Rain."
,Recommended,248820,11012845,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,nomad,I hope you like getting gang-banged.
,Recommended,248820,9600545,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Vardha,I became so powerful that even the gods themselves quaked in their boots. I proceeded to remove those boots.
76561198080450806,Recommended,248820,16516550,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Sinister Moose,Very challenging roguelike title with an amazing soundtrack and a charming graphic style. Very enjoyable with lots of replay value.
,Recommended,248820,9602021,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Vince's Slapchop,"Risk of Rain is a very beautiful definition of a rogue-like game that is taken from a unique perspective. The difficulty scaling based on the amount of time put into your current game really encourages you to try to find the teleporter as fast as possible, while trying to gain levels and earn enough money to open chests, item pods, and buy drones to aid you through each level. Some skills with certain characters really complimented each others skills in general, and just their own skills themselves. The only thing I had a problem with myself is being able to obtain new characters. There really is no way of telling how to get the other characters in game (which don't get me wrong, surprises are nice, just a little help would seem to be nice) through the actual game, like others, you have to search online to understand. But overall, I would absolutely recommend this game."
,Recommended,248820,8327778,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Minnerd,An excellent Rogue-lite title with fun fast paced gameplay and a lot of addictive features.  Ten classes (9 need to be unlocked) all having their own strong and weak points and none seem usless.  Well balanced and fun for hours or even just minutes.  Fun and awesome get it on sale if the price is not what you are looking for.
,Recommended,248820,13677752,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Stinky boy,10/10 does have a rainy level.
76561198046577998,Recommended,248820,13517591,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Fang Phantoms,Awesome game! some people have issues with it but it works fine for me. IT WORKS ON XP even though store page doesnt say that it does
,Recommended,248820,10638459,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,MilesManners,"This is an amazing game. Worth every penny. Replayability is just about the best of any game I've played. After many hours, it still feels just as fresh and fun to play. I will be playing this one for a long time. The best part is the co-op and online co-op. Gamepads work great. Tons of fun to play with friends. Awesome way to waste time. One game can last more than two hours and you'll still keep playing it over and over."
,Recommended,248820,13671070,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Budnick,afhl
76561198044864924,Recommended,248820,7676920,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Dragonfire973,"A great Si-Fi rogue-lite game. Moderatly difficult with many classes and items to unlock and discover. Also, it supports both online and local Co-op, so you and your friends can be horribly murdered together!! It can ocasionally be a bit finiky about running properly, though I haven't had too many issues with it."
,Recommended,248820,13336883,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,SugarFish,"Fun, difficult, and a bit twitchy. This game has the rougelike aspects of randomness and item collection down, as well as a nice set of unique characters with different playstyles. The music and art style are both great and the world feels mysterious and immersive. It's a lot of fun to play with a friend. In the end my biggest complaint is that it could use a bit more balance; due to the randomness of item drops it can feel impossile to succeed with a bad draw."
,Recommended,248820,13325023,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,dozer,"I like you and i'ma let you finish, but Risk of Rain is the best co-op indie title of all time... of all time.DEALWITHIT.jpg10/10, would buy again, do recommend. Play this game."
76561198078208516,Recommended,248820,9308714,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Thermophobia,A truly fantastic game worth the time and effort to master- lots of time and effort
,Recommended,248820,9065793,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,C♫ #twitch.tv/carlocarlone,"this is crazily amazing, music sounds so simply cool, the gameplay is totally fun, and i only used the first character, cant wait to unlock all"
76561197960988751,Recommended,248820,10717688,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Jarmustard,Very solid and fun game.  The pacing may be not perfectly balanced in my humble opinion but I still love this game.
,Recommended,248820,14298987,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,|TOM| Mægh†y-Muƒƒins©,"I was a little skeptical about this one. I finally watched someone play it in person. It looked decent, so I caught it on sale. Pretty much everything everyone says about RoR is true. Even if you don't catch it on sale, it's still worth it. Seriously, all those holiday sales games I purchased? Nope. I'm playing RoR."
,Recommended,248820,10443134,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Zenix,"Very difficult, very unforgiving, very fun!"
,Recommended,248820,7872577,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,"3,872 Orcs","I love this game. It's tough-as-nails, but replayable 100%. A fun co-op experiance and a challenging single player game. 10/10(Please excuse my horrid spelling)"
,Recommended,248820,12760637,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,naut,"play this with a friend or two, and believe me, u will never see the sunlight ever again"
,Recommended,248820,8216999,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Max,"I think that this game is a challenge, but very fun to play. The multi-player is kind of hard to set up so I just play single-player usually. It is still a very fun game to all who enjoy 2d scrollers and action rpgs!"
76561198017794519,Recommended,248820,13200358,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,ittarter,I'm still learning this game. It's a rogue-like with a randomness (hence the title) that makes it difficult to love but equally difficult to put down.Looking at guides and walkthroughs definitely helps; there are apparently a score of unlockable items that hugely help you through the game. Purists like myself definitely have a harder go at it.
,Recommended,248820,10638522,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Zeppy,"Do you like being MENTALLY TORTURED but simultaneously STILL SOMEHOW MANAGE TO HAVE FUN? Try RISK OF RAIN! This new medical advance has proven positive effects, such as GITTING GUD and PURE SUFFERING."
76561198056338666,Recommended,248820,8022019,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Chuma,real horrorshow
76561197990313493,Recommended,248820,9099235,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Sampsomonium,Loved it!
,Recommended,248820,7853341,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Switchy!,"Risk of Rain is a fantastic game, and experience.  It has features elements of rouge-like games, such as the item drops and sort of randomized levels.  The level design varies from stunning landscapes to rocky magma chambers.  However, the level design doesnt matter much when you're playing one of the many different characters and killing the many monsters that inhabit the planet you are currently stranded on.For a game made by very few people that costs little, this is definitly worth a buy with many potential hours to be clocked."
,Recommended,248820,9646058,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,ex-obeso que de uma repaginada,"oh my goodness, oh my damnoh my goodness- they goin ROGUELIKE EVERYWHERE.this is how PLATFORM is supposed to bethe MAPS, they blend so perfectlythe MOBS up in here is goin FRICKING HARD EVERYWHERE.dayum, dayum, DAYUMi wish you could fell what i'm fellinmm, mm, mmyou GET THROUGH the MAPS, the MAPS TURN back, my mandayum, dayumDAYUM, crispety crunch GAMEDAYUM, look at the ITENSDAYUM, get yourself that double ATTACK DRONEdayum, dayumDAYUM, ghetto ACTION INDIE ROGUELIKE PLATFORMDAYUM, the MOBS are oozin (you)DAYUM, let's do thisdayum, dayum, DAYUMdo you wanna know the differencebetween a weak GAMEand a GAME that has strengtha GAME that has strengtha weak GAME you can FINISH and still talka GAME with strength you FINISHAND THE ELEMENTS OF THE GAME just absorbs all the spaceand all the air possible all in your LIFEto the point that if you wanted to KEEP LIVINGnothin but mm-mm, mm-mm, mm-mm, mm-mm, mm-mmis comin outwordskimmalarinky dinky dinkskimmmalarinky dooi love youoh my damnhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DcJFdCmN98s(it may or may not be taken from that link, it is up to u, btw such great game, have good roguelike elements, such as itens and mobs and also maps, kinda hard)"
,Recommended,248820,7888001,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Infernicus,BUY IT
76561198046947961,Recommended,248820,10810118,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Superlego99,Awesome and incredably fun!
,Recommended,248820,7913797,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Tkail,"Hard but faun, liek the dryads of old"
76561198044584546,Recommended,248820,8450935,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,DatNiggaPanis,Your♥♥♥♥♥is gonna hurt
,Recommended,248820,10760473,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Mr. McSmelly,No rain in the game. Otherwise pretty good.
76561198110585285,Recommended,248820,10999062,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Jeff Goldblum,"Tied a piece of barbed wire to my chest and dove into a family of jellyfish, upon which they burst into flames. 100/10."
,Recommended,248820,7860311,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Zephrius,"If you like rogue-likes, this is a game for you. Add RPG elements to the platforming mix and you get an addictive experience. Good for co-op with up to 4."
,Recommended,248820,12701917,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Papabrr,"RIP the first 2 cores of my CPU, you will be dearly missed."
76561198140065047,Recommended,248820,15390205,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,aaronodst1,"This game will make you die. And then ALMOST succeed. And then die.And then win.And then you discover....Theres a harder difficulty setting.WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYSeriously though, this is one of my favorite games of all time. The gameplay is great, with bazillions of possibilities for your game. It has multiplayer, although it is a bit buggy, and it DOES have a story, although you will have to figure it out for yourself. Also, it has a theme of ""what is acceptable to do to survive"", although you hve to think about it and read the monster logs to realize it.All in all, a great experience, with a difficulty befitting it's title of ""rougelike""."
,Recommended,248820,11057578,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Cedarium,"One of my favourite games that I have ever played, risk of rain is an exquisitely crafted game. As long as permadeath does not deter you, go ahead and try this game. you will not regret it."
,Recommended,248820,13556426,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,mafn,fun / 10
76561198043428449,Recommended,248820,11381840,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,..,"This game is pretty darn fun Untill you get the artifact ""Glass"". In which your pretty darn op. If your a person who doesn't like it when your basicly cheating then don't use it. There is so much to accomplish in the game that using that would most likely spoil it for you. I'm still working on obtaining everything and I can say it's a super fun experience."
76561198047113866,Recommended,248820,16366171,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Say what??,"Juego adictivo.Mas tiempo jugas una partida, mas divertido se hace10/10"
,Recommended,248820,16727164,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,The Debunker,"This game is just great! I didn't see that coming when I bought it, but this is for sure the best indie game I have in my library. Soundtrack, level design, secrets, characters and all are perfect.11/10 would buy it again."
,Recommended,248820,8217258,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,DJ Paradroid,"Risk of Rain just managed to squeeze in this year in my G(s)OTY2014s. Each play is a pressure-filled rogue-like romp where every second and every decision may be what finally undoes your run. As the difficulty ramps up you must decide whether to spend more time chancing the RNG to get the gear required to continue or push through until you finally reach the end. It's like Binding of Isaac if someone had a gun to your head and kept removing keyboard keys as you play.With ten classes and three difficulties it has plenty of legs and is just hard enough. You may walk away from it but you'll keep coming back if rogue-likes are your thing. It suffers slightly from Unlock Syndrome, but it's very completable.Certainly one of the best Indie titles this year. And there's been a lot of them.Too many."
,Recommended,248820,8701414,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Hat,i recommend the game as long as you dont care about anything at all
76561198074277734,Recommended,248820,16306700,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,pidgeon13,"I love this game, right now it's probably my favourite. The game starts off very tough, but as you get into it and get a feel for the characters you start to do much better. There are small bugs where the world doesn't spawn properly (you fall through the floor) but it's rare and only seems to happen on the first level, so you can quickly restart. Great for completionists too, as the item logs, monster logs, and the artifacts will take a while to collect them all. This game is still super cheap, so it's well worth getting."
,Recommended,248820,12985677,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,[PriPara] Blushing Boo-pri,"A very nice action rougelike that increases its difficulty to force players to step it up.This sometimes results in wild goose chases if you missed to kill that one enemy to spawn the boss, but its nonetheless enjoyable with friends.Its also easier solo, to a degree, if you cant deal with the frustrations of your friends not lifting their weight and eventually leading your party to early deaths."
,Recommended,248820,13574917,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,NautilusBoss200,Very fun with 4 people #unstoppable
,Recommended,248820,16799949,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Spynapple,This game is so brilliantly amazing there is no reason not to like it. I would pay at least $30 for this masterpiece.
76561198050377103,Recommended,248820,16677134,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Commoner,"Amazing game with many different playstyles. Want to charge the army of purple raptors with your big robot hands? There's a character for that! Rather run like a ♥♥♥♥♥ dropping mines and turrets as you go? There's a character for that! With a great balance of melee, ranged and everything in between, only question is, why haven't you bought this game?(tip: This♥♥♥♥♥♥s hard. Try again. Die. Try again. Die. Try again with a friend. Watch him be mauled by robot mechs. DIe. Ect.)"
,Recommended,248820,12983943,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Jolley,A romping good time.
76561198074666628,Recommended,248820,9494339,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,♈lorax shot in thorax♈,worst game
76561198043737941,Recommended,248820,13499071,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Pretty Sly,Get this game. You won't regret it.
76561198084235502,Recommended,248820,14155620,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Exile jr,Best get kicked from the game and have your friends beat the game without you simulatorWould play again if brick wall was involved.
76561198075324448,Recommended,248820,13445387,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Polar Ninja,"While the game is an incredibly enjoyable platformer/shooter roguetype, make no mistake; you will die and die again. Risk of Rain rewards players for perserverance and adaptiveness on the fly. The random enemy generation and plethora of upgrades to build a unique character each run combined with the stellar co-op multiplayer keep the game feeling fresh even after double-digit hours played. The difficulty meter that gradually raises over the course of your run is an interesting design feature, keeping you on your toes and always moving. One issue however is the sometimes monotonous way you are forced to dispatch enemies by simply kiting them. Another somewhat questionable characteristic is the balancing, or lack thereof. It is very clear that some classes are much more powerful than others.Those who can muster the will and ability to master its cruel alien terrains will find a ton of fun in this indie title. 8.0/10"
76561198015212610,Recommended,248820,9684505,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Ascimator,"Very fun and addicting. Offers both easytime and challenge. Each of the 10 classes has a different playstyle, from relaxing run'n'shoot to managing a turret and mine supply or having to reload after each shot. There are no purely negative or useless items, and same items stack, so every treasure chest is worth opening. All of this creates a great action roguelike experience."
,Recommended,248820,13441345,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Rat Baby,"This is an really well done rogue-lite. Pretty solid platforming, great local co-op, really fun and diverse classes to play as. One complaint, however, is that the online multiplayer isn't all that great and I would like to see it improved upon. Overall I really love this game and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,248820,16148794,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,MrDrSirBio,"Well I originally purchased this game to play with my friends, I bought a four pack and a single copy. At first most of my friends didnt touch the game. Then when I first played it I get rekted. I thought I was gonna be op AF with my gaming skills but I got destroyed and the worst part is that in the top right corner it shows the current difficulty, which is directly correlated to the amount of time spent playing meaning the longer you play the harder it gets, I died due to getting gang banged by like 20 mobs on ""VERY EASY"". But I eventually started getting used to the play style and I now have about 5 of the characters unlocked and I get to the final mission with the hardest difficulty so far ""HAHAHAHA"".- Pros:- Good amount of playable characters- Lots of items and power ups- As far as I know most items are stackable so you get op on hard difficulties- Great fun with friends- Tons of mobs- A good amount of bosses- Cons:- Online Co-Op can be difficult to start off in considering there isnt a clear way to play with someone- Working servers are hard to find (atleast for a mac user like myself) so you have to make your own- Mac users CANNOT join a PC hosted server but a PC user CAN join a Mac hosted server (atleast in my personal experience)- A couple of technically difficulties like my friends crashing while we are already in game playing for no visible reason and my screen goes black and freezes when I attempt to join a PC server (happens recently after the latest update to Mac version)- NOT REALLY A CON JUST A WARNING: The volume at the beginning of the game is pretty loud, you will have to lower it. The game really isnt centered on audio so you will find that you will rarely find that you have to hear whats going on.- ANOTHER WARNING: This game starts off slow and then in seconds gets really fast paced, some players may not be able to handle itI R8 8/8 M8, WOULD MASTURB8 AGAIN :)"
,Recommended,248820,16341079,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Winter,Simple gameplay but very indepth characters and item combinations.
,Recommended,248820,9935960,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,BeastinfernoGD,10/10. Must i explain?
76561198114097500,Recommended,248820,11597272,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Mahogany & Vincent,IM PLAYING VIDEEEOOOO GAAAAAMMMES!!!-2014 10/10
,Recommended,248820,10823155,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Cool Crab,Gr8 M8 r8 8/8
,Recommended,248820,11608582,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Dumb Stupid Cunt,DONUT DUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUDE
76561197961808285,Recommended,248820,11090491,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Jigglypuff [no monitor],"You climb from the wreckage of the crash and step foot on a new world. Stars glitter in an unnatural sky, and your boots sink into loamy soil that pulses and hums with strange energy. Beneath you, the planet stirs itself awake. Its defenders are ancient and alien and fierce, and you do not belong here.Move now, quickly and with purpose. This solitude is a momentary portrait, a gentle breeze before the first raindrops fall. With every ticking second, your enemy grows stronger and more numerous. Never stop moving. Time is entirely against you.Scavenge what you can and endure it. Weapons and supplies are scattered from the crash, and alien shrines might grant the planet's natural gifts to the clever or lucky.  Run until you can fight, and then fight until you can overcome.  Survival or death are your only options.The night is still beneath a lonely, indigo sky. A storm is coming. You can feel it in the air and taste it on your tongue like copper. You wonder – will it rain?"
76561198031929030,Recommended,248820,11915073,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Kentey,Doris Game
,Recommended,248820,11716140,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Fimbulty,"Easy to pick up, hard to master. Hours and hours to unlock all character, achivements and items. Still got 3 monster logs to go, after almost 100 hours."
76561198078284714,Recommended,248820,10720575,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Flying_Mushroom,Holy crap this game is awesome! Playing coop with friend and having tons of fun! Also very challenging.
76561198054807871,Recommended,248820,11040629,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Teshko Lashur,"Completely action packed and difficult like hell type of game. If you LOVE difficult games that have A LOT of action then you SHOULD buy this game. This game is somewhat short after you get the hang of it but it WILL be worth its money. Risk of Rain has SO many items for an indie game, you'll be surprised as you seem various monsters everywhere that will be able to chop you down into smaller pieces than your eye balls. As soon as you start getting the handle of it though, you'll be able to CHOMP on their heads as they cry for mercy! The soundtrack... this is what I loved the most about this game. The soundtrack is beautifully AMAZING. You'll WANT to play it more and more if you listen to the music while playing it. Don't mute... listen... and enjoy your astonishingly awesome game."
,Recommended,248820,9938664,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Gonads,Zoober vun.
,Recommended,248820,11091539,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,ｔｒａｓｈｇｈ０ｓｔ,"Absolutely fun game. I spent I don't know how many hours playing this but everytime I do, it's more fun than the last. Item/weapon upgrades. The longer you play the harder the enemies are unless you're decked out after the first hour."
,Recommended,248820,11140035,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,avengerdalton,"Super fun, but a bit tricky to get multiplayer running.  Totally worth it though."
,Recommended,248820,11202355,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Raddishface,This is one of the best Roguelite games I have ever played in terms of gameplay and has the best difficulty increase features ever plus there is an immense satisfaction in unlocking characters and items. There are a few things to be improved as the multiplayer needs an easier way to host and search for games another improvement is that syncing your profile across computers would vastly improve your FUN
76561198069307007,Recommended,248820,10990276,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,k0nwich,"Amazing game, couldn't be better, especially for people who love infinate item games like Binding of Isaac."
,Recommended,248820,10970201,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,unknowdata,One of the best Roguelike + Platformer game I everplay.Multiplayer is using old school TCP/IP. So it's kinda annoying to do port-forward and give out IP address to your friend every play through.Difficulty curve is just about right. Each play through never feel the same unless you start the game with 'Infusion' while 500% Dmg rune is active.10/10
76561197985778488,Recommended,248820,11044495,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Edamame ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"I enjoy the rain just as much as any normal human being does, but there's no doubt about it.. YOU WILL LEARN TO FEAR THE RAIN. WHEN IT DRIPS DOWN TO YOUR VULNERABLE AREAS, YOU WILL HAVE TRUE FEAR DRIVEN INTO YOU. But really though, play this game if you want to be hot and bothered."
,Recommended,248820,10873888,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,\TG/ Crimsonfire,Really fun to play in co-op. Use Hamachi if you are having problems hosting the game with friends.
,Recommended,248820,10620934,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Konrad,"Great multiplayer coop experiance!.. every level you try to frind the teleporter to get to the next level. Monsters drop gold that you can use when you find a shop or a chest. All gold you have when useing the teleporter will be converted to XP, but it's better used on items to enhance your survivabilly..Recommended for 2-4 players"
,Recommended,248820,11046524,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,shardshunt,"A combination of charming '8bit' graphics, a very addictive loot and stacking system, randomly generated drops, strategic difficulty balancing act and a fantastic bassy sound track makes 'RoR' my favorite 2d platformer, it is simply art. Crank up the bass and enjoy!Arcade platformer[9/10] more levels mobs and difficulty levels and this game could be a tenOverall[7-1/2/10] for a fan of arcade platformers an or 8 bit art this game is a must but even if this aint ur genre Id still recomend trying it to see what you think.Improvments: possibly venturing away from the standard arcade system and having cheak points and small upgrades that are persistaint between games could improve the score + a more in depth story that instead of being"
76561198060209737,Recommended,248820,11047865,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,professorwimpy,forever times a million!
,Recommended,248820,13018318,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Arcade,"A very addictive game, that keeps you on your toes. The dilemma of deciding to try and grab those items and upgrades, or to work quickly to keep the difficulty to a minimum is very sifgnificant to the outcome. On top of that, the items I've encountered so far are nice and varied, the characters so far have a nice variety of attacks, as well as being completely different from each other. And the option for local and online co-op is VERY nice, although I'm yet to make use of it yet.definitely a game to consider buying at the very least, and also a good contender for one of the better rogue-like games out there."
,Recommended,248820,15540115,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,spasangelov,This is a great rogue like game. Would recomend it to anyone.
,Recommended,248820,10630714,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,"Shadow, Monk","One of the best indie titles ive seen in a long time. I found it amazing that after beating the story line I felt so acomplished, but my next thought was I immediatly wanted to begin anew to try out all of the new things I unlocked. The game has a huge deal of replayability that it keeps fresh through the use of acheivements, unlockables, and new characters.If you dont have this game, look! Its cheap! Its on sale right now! GET IT!"
76561198086867262,Recommended,248820,8128212,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,[SUPER-REDACTED],"This is a wonderful little treasure that blends relatively basic 2D platforming, rogue-like elements such as permadeath and loot collection, and a set of abilities reliant on cooldowns much like that of a moba. The combat is fluid with a wide range of abilities unique to each of the ten characters one can unlock through various means. The different passive and activatable abilities one can find within the levels are for the most part unique and offer many colorful ways of blowing your enemies to smithereens. That's another great point: the enemies. They are quite diverse with their many different abilities and ways of killing you, although some do feel like reskins at times. But the large focus on the combat deffinetly separates this game from other rogue-likes. But be warned, this game is not for the faint of heart. It can be brutally difficult, even on the easy difficulty. You must be prepared to die. A lot. All in all, this is one of my favourite games on steam and I've plugged hours of time into it. My one issue, and this is quite the glaring one, is that I have experienced severe instances of frame-rate drop, but that may be because of my computer. This game will certainly keep you busy and is a must have."
,Recommended,248820,8323470,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Ribo Zurai,"Risk of Rain is a game for who enjoys a good challenge, it takes a while to get used to the controls and to the intense gameplay, but once you get used to it, it becomes amazingly fun. The soundtrack also is one of the best OSTs I've ever heard, it simply blows my mind. The graphics are good; despite being pixelized, the ambient for every level is very well done. I highly recommend to give this game a shot."
,Recommended,248820,8516183,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Punished Dindins,Risk of Rain is hard to explain. It's kind of like being Goku and your just getting out of the hyperbolic time chamber for the first time. Except instead of  stepping out of the chamber into Kami's lookout with it's sweet sweet cold white tile setup you step out onto a litertal hell. The progression is damn good and you always have this sense of urgency because if you don't get the right power ups or many of them in time your going to get buttblasted into oblivion from some magma worm gang that will start shaking your car from the outside because all you did was drive past their street corner.Also providence your a dink.
,Recommended,248820,8507721,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Sleepy Sloths,One of my favorite games.
,Recommended,248820,15570768,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,SaltySelendrile,"It's like a Rogue game but better. I still haven't beaten it. I've been close, but I haven't. It's fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥You either buy this game, or you're wrong."
,Recommended,248820,15336334,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,[BLC] BurdySeagull,"Lost of Risk and lost of rain. Had a great time with friends reaching a status that all alien life should fear, and then quickly realizing I was far from the top of the food chain.Great coop and arcade action. Cheap price for a quality of game that normally asks for double that."
,Recommended,248820,10608840,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,twitch.tv/barrizzle,Not Terraria.  Way more fun!
76561198056520483,Recommended,248820,15687834,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Jjax13,Pretty good game. Great way to pass the time an be challenged.
76561198065416147,Recommended,248820,15780289,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Iamdew,great replayability
76561198055230426,Recommended,248820,14650386,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Quagon McFlagon,"This gae is a true heroes journey. You go from a little weakiling running for his/her/its life to a awesome insane force to be reconed with! The array of items and characters really makes for a crap ton of replay value as well as a fun amount of co-op possibilities. My biggest gripe is that i wish the item sharing feature in co-op could be managed better. I also praise the crazy difficulty jumps! you always gotta stay sharp in this game, so its never time to slack. another minor gripe is that i wish the monster variety had just a few more diverse types. All other complaints i have are minor to this gme for me because i just love the way this game is! i give the game a 87/100!"
76561198142249893,Recommended,248820,14642023,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,jlmthefifth,"10/10 - Amazing game, definately worth getting!"
,Recommended,248820,12269158,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Dracnea,"An absolutely beautiful game, fun to play with friends. Hours of game play and plenty to unlock. My only complaint, the ocasional glitch and the fact that mine has some audio corruption or something, nothing i cant fix eventually. Great game though still, I recommend, especially if you can play with friends."
76561198067584440,Recommended,248820,10030357,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Already A Demon,"Super fun, every playthrough is a new experience. Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,248820,10600111,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,what2do,Bery Good Game
76561198042033035,Recommended,248820,10621791,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,BOOOSHH,Pretty good.
,Recommended,248820,8277598,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Beyond the Wall of Sleep,"Risk of Rain is a great platforming action game with roguelike elements.Every game starts with a clock adding up the time spent playing and every minute gets harder and harder.You start off with one selectable character, unlocking more as you progress and preform challenges such as beating the first level under 5 minutes.The game really gets intense once you get a handle on the character you'll be playing as, my favorite being the huntress, and the amount of action going on at once is almost staggering. The game has plenty to offer for those who just need a few minutes to play a game, as the longest I've survived is about 70 minutes. Once you die, it starts all over but theres collectables and info to amass.I especailly liked the stats page which tells you how far you are from 100% as well as little tidbits of info such as favorite weapon and time played.Overall, worth the price."
,Recommended,248820,7971856,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,diggzman,"This is a good casual game but also a great cult classic and is definitely worth purchasing.  I grabbed it when it was on sale, but after playing it I believe it's worth the $10.  There is a bit of a learning curve at first which makes the game feel almost impossible on the normal difficulty but if you stick to it, you'll learn your character and begin to defeat bosses and enemies with ease.  There are lots of items and unlockables and the maps are big enough that it doesn't feel too repetitive, both attributing to this games great replay-ability.  Personally I'm a fan of the artwork but it may not be for everybody.  This game also has a great base for future updates, looking forward to them!"
,Recommended,248820,7883864,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,monkaS,"Very cool game, perfect music and game seems to adapt to a game difficulty perfectly, 8.5/10"
,Recommended,248820,10633432,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,scum,Great way to spend an hour
76561198080237046,Recommended,248820,11351253,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Call me handsome,"Risk Of Rain is clearly one the best game i bought this year it worthed every cent i payedThis is clearly the kind of game where you start playing the first time and you die die and die and then you start to become better, you reach second or third level (i can't tell you how happy i where when i reached the first time lvl 4), you unlock classes stuff, you reach higher level and finaly if you re good enough finish the game but the game doesn't stop here, you can do it in hardmode for more challenge or when you find the teleporter for the last level, you can revisit the first levels in a circle and it just becomes hard as **** so the game will always be challenging and of course with the 10 classes (melee or ranged) you can always change completely your gameplay.The soundtrack are great.The graphisme are ... forget about this pointanyway i recommand this game."
76561198070877307,Recommended,248820,11372646,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Evil Skwrl,"Literally one of the best, most intense games I have played with my friends. The game is definately more fun when played with friends although the initial set up to do so is a bit weird. But yes, I recommend buying this game and just play with friends who would also play it.8.5/10"
,Recommended,248820,11066518,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Sham Yes ap Soorap,"This game is fantastic. Downright addictive, and it, for the most part, stays satisfying. I can see myself spending many more hours pointlessly failing, because I am so bad at it."
,Recommended,248820,10858464,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,BrawlyBigPipes,"10/10 ""okay"""
,Recommended,248820,11278828,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Deostr #Hankey,"Excelent game. Defenently would suggest. Large learning curve, but once you unlock a few artifacts and players, you are going to be having a lot of fun."
,Recommended,248820,11282386,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Hymen Cholo,this game is fun
76561198006937158,Recommended,248820,11320556,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Barf,UUH HUH
76561198024578358,Recommended,248820,10967180,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,evil_genius5[ITA],"Very challeging 2D platformer/shooter. A lot of unlockable classes and items, along with a certain randomness of the levels ( although the level layouts aren't random generated ) allow for diverse play styles and much replayability. Nice soundtrack."
76561198119579817,Recommended,248820,11130201,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Blfae64,Personally I thought this was a great game with a amazing soundtrack and feel. I used to play Super Mario Bros with my older brother when I was younger and I was always hooked on 8-bit games. My friend showed me this game and i feel in love with the game mechanics and how the game feels. The charcters are an amazing crew. the bosses are so creative and cool. The only thing i do not like about it is the Sniper class. Its just show diffuclt to use and learn in my opinion. The critical hit Skill is pretty cool but in my opinion its just a bad class. I recommend this game to everybody that loves a good time with friends and a awesome Soundtrack
76561197998124687,Recommended,248820,8670366,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Shan is mad,This game is so good. Really
76561198045924391,Recommended,248820,9859264,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Rem88,"This game is AMAZING, super difficult but AMAZING.Amazing soundtrack, and pretty interesting mechanic as the longer you play the more difficult it gets to the point where normal enemies are just bosses.only thing i wished it had was randomly generated levels, the maps of the levels are static, while the item drops and loot are randomly placed.other than that point this game is damn good and it;s worth every cent."
,Recommended,248820,12781385,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Ding Dong,"This is my favourite game of the year. And with the new update with all the new items and characters. Will probably be my favourite game for the next year, and the year after that if normal updates happen."
,Recommended,248820,15088402,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,PumaLoco AND YOU KNOW,the best rogue-like ive played so farwas much fun with 1-3 friendssometimes a bit buggy after patches but still a 10/10
76561198013759985,Recommended,248820,14555446,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Too Many Legs,I had 50 icicles surrounding me11.5/10would play again
,Recommended,248820,7676056,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,"Moonterror, Heavy Weapons Squid","Personally find it fun, addicting and full if items to help you survive the volatile planet you have crashed on. Albeit it does get crazy if you manage to survive for far to long :3"
,Recommended,248820,13761588,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,oknmahsuhtton,"Highly addicting platfomer roguelike game !The attention to smalest pixel details put into this game is awesome. You see from the animation of it especially the characters.*Character OptionsThere are different options of character that you can play and unlock along with your progress in game. Different character has different style of owning the game.*LootingLoot is the main element in this game, as you progress you can unlock even more loot. More and more until you become a demi-god , or not at all and you will die is shame.You die once and you start over from zero, while actualy you only need to finish 6 level ,which you will only be able to get through by dying over and over again until you can beat the game. And you can never have enough of it. Trust me.*AtmosphereThe music is good . It suits well with the game experience and overall character. The atmosphere of foreign planet and the mood of playing space-alien like game.*DificultiesAnother main aspect of this game is also that the dificulties will increase along with the time you play the game from the begining. So if you are not fast enough to gain level or loot, and the dificulties increase , be ready to have a really hard time.*Co-opThe good thing from Co-op is that you can owned the game with your friends. As much friend as you can , but the cons is that you have to share the amount of loot you get and that means you have to share your strength that you usually get when you play SOLO (where you can greedily have your own loot). But anyway playing this game with friends is really addicting.I am really hoping to see another sequel of this game if it were to be made . And i believe everybody will feel the same too."
,Recommended,248820,14881888,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,HIDDEN MCNASTY,this game is so hard.just like my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥get on it.both.
76561198125922508,Recommended,248820,15275001,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Mousebreak,"This game is challenging ,yet easy in the the way that when you first start of you don't know what to do but when progressing it becomes easier. Give it a try if your looking for a challenging game ,its worth the $9.99/$10.00 usd."
76561198067175770,Recommended,248820,14291092,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,firebird163,"So I guess a year ago you guys were gonna put this on the Vita, why didnt you? That would be amazing"
,Recommended,248820,8950291,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Raven_CDN,"Great game, especially with friends. It can be frusturating at times. But so worth it in the end"
,Recommended,248820,14567471,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,AgreedSA,"Oh my god, this is absolutely the best game I have ever bought on Steam. Since Portal 2, for sure. The ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" reviews are totally right, this game is just fantastic. Everything about it rules. Seriously, quit reading this and buy it and play it."
,Recommended,248820,12699697,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Satrim,I just beat the game for the first time this game is amazing i love the art style the movement and pretty much everything about this game i dont really have anything bad to say...great gamebtw alot of the charcters are very different and unique i love all the charcters i have unlocked so far :)
,Recommended,248820,15356132,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Slurpreme,"While the multiplayer may not work, the games ability to keep you entertained is still a factor that I enjoy"
76561198005031541,Recommended,248820,9132538,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Bobcatlion,hell yea
,Recommended,248820,14055521,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Heantrad,"Risk of Rain, Risk of Anger, Risk of Suicide, Risk of Killing someone, Risk of don't completing THE SECOND LEVEL NEVER, I DON'T KNOW WHO MADE THIS GAME, BUT I HATE HIM.10/10 Good ship crash simulator."
,Recommended,248820,16123951,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Veledil,is very good
76561198086901008,Recommended,248820,8190049,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,chiken,Iz my game and is so good
,Recommended,248820,16395865,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Dragonwrath,"Playing this game feels like having a supermodel hammer a rusty nail into your japs-eye! It's both entertaining and ultimately painful all at the same time.You have one life, and the longer you play, the harder the game gets. This is what gaming should be about; no save points or ♥♥♥♥♥ respawn points. Just you and your skill of trying to stay alive."
76561198096768481,Recommended,248820,10016346,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,DonutShark,This game is simple in looks but extremely addicting and fun to play. Getting owned and owning space creatures has never been so fun.
,Recommended,248820,8801075,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Tactically Superior Avocado,"Weather not even involved in the game, good job devs."
,Recommended,248820,16411096,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Professional Vapeist,Need to make lan and online servers easier to setup
,Recommended,248820,15218486,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,gay ass furry,Kinda boring (and hard) to play alone. But with friends it's a blast.Amazing music.8.5/10
76561197972222879,Recommended,248820,13524639,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Crake,"Don't let the initial difficulty turn you off. There's an excellent game to be had here.Much like Binding of Issac, the more you play, the more you unlock, the better items you're likely to get. Plus you get better too.The graphics are goregous and detailed, the scale is mesmerizing, and the music is stellar.I'm a big fan of local coop, and playing together trying to survive the horde is great.Criticisms? The gamepad works, but is a bit clunky in the menus. Also, for coop it would be much easier to start with more than one character. 3 commandos running around all looking exactly a like is a great way for you to get killed.I'm no where close to completion, but this game is already beating out premium titles as my go-to."
,Recommended,248820,10741127,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Squeegee McGee,"This game is great. There's no other way to put it. Everything about this game has charm to it.The characters, the art, the music, and everything else. In fact, the art is quite possibly my favorite part. All of the pixel art is fantastic, and it all has a very distinctive style. Combine all of this great content with fluid and dynamic combat, new things to unlock, bosses to fight, characters and artifacts to find, achievments to obtain, locations to discover, and a sense that there's always something new around the corner, and you have one hell of an indie game.Now, as if ALL OF THAT wasn't enough to make you interested in purchasing this game, then here's a major point: This game has *FULL ONLINE PLAY*. You can play through this game as many times as you'd like with as many friends as you'd like. (I'm not entirely sure how many people can play at once, but I have seen groups of up to 7 people playing together at once. Beatiful chaos).If there's anything to compare this game to, it's Binding of Isaac. With all the items that you unlock through completing specific criteria, along with the rouge-like elements, it does remind me somewhat of Binding of Isaac. That may be another reason I love this game so much.The best way to explain this game in one long run on sentence would have to be...Binding of Isaac along with full online multiplayer, coupled with interesting combat, more characters, new items, lots of achievments, a ton of bosses to fight, artifacts which change gameplay drastically, fantastic music, and fantastic art.This game is a wicked ride, and I would HIGHLY recommend it to everyone! In fact, it's June 23rd right now, and this game is 50% off, selling at a dirt cheap $5 until the 30th! I'd pay $15 for this game if I had to, so $5 is practically stealing.If you've been debating whether or not to purchase Risk of Rain, STOP. The only reason I could think of to not purchase this game is the lack of money. I've enjoyed all the time I've put into it thus far, and I'm looking forward to the time I put into it in the future."
,Recommended,248820,15961032,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Booster Rooster,"Risk of Rain is an extremely tough (and fun mind you) platformer. You start the game with nothing, and by the end, you become a god. I bought this game a couple years ago, and not one day have I regretted it. At first, this game was difficult, but with practice, it becomes significantly easier. I'm not saying it become too easy, its still difficult on later stages. My brother and I used play this together every weekend (Before I showed him Warframe).Pros;Crush your enemies like the god you should be.Every game is differentInfinite hours of gameplayTonnes of unlockablesCharacter VarietyCons;Not updated frequently, it seems abandoned by the creator(s)Rage-inducingOne of the maps were broken. (After a certain point, you would fall through the floor and into the abyss) Even though I have played that exact map hundreds of times. (and I had good items too).This is one of my all-time favorite games. I am a little sad that there are little to no updates. But I still love it and would recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,248820,21557889,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Kermit tah Froggi,"I've had so much fun with this game, It doesn't matter how many times you beat the game, there is always something new to do and someone always rages from death. I always laugh while playing this game."
,Recommended,248820,7974737,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,jammie.oaks,"This game will murder you, over and over and over again but in the end you want to keep playing it. No matter how many times you die you feel proud of how far you've come and certain you can do better next time. You learn new strategies for each level and unlock new items and new characters. It all pushes you to give it a just try one more time. It's a very compelling game and I would certainly reccomend it without reservations."
,Recommended,248820,16851067,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,insertnamehere,"Risk of Rain is a fun, challenging game. You start of with only one character unlocked and play through the levels, picking up helpful items and powerups on the way. The aim of the game is to defeat all of the levels, but it's harder than you think, because if you die, you go back to level 1.Likes: I liked that there was things called artifacts that you could find on certain levels and they can be activated before a game and it alters gameplay, making it easier or harder (e.g the artifact of kin, makes it so only one type of mob spawns each map/level, making it slightly easier becase their are no bosses). I also like the variety of characters and their skils and the multiplayer.Dislikes: There are only a few things i dislike about the game, and the first one is bugs, the gliches/bugs in the game occur sometimes most often whilst in multiplayer or on certain computers. There was a bug that prevented anyone from seeing their highscores, and th game would quit unexpectedly if you tried. This bug has been fixed since then and the game is almost flawless now.Overall Risk of Rain is a very fun, interesting and challenging game, and if you have unlocked the right features the game is customisable for an even more entertaining or suitable gameplay. I'd give Risk of Rain 9/10, and HIGHLY RECOMMEND it to anyone."
,Recommended,248820,14199002,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,╭∩╮（︶︿︶）╭∩╮,"First, do NOT buy this game if you dont have game controller, it's VERY hard to play without it. Second, prepare to die a lot, and enjoy while doing it. Pick your class and rock on, but first try to unlock them all. It's indeed very challenging for starters(yes, you die once, no continue), and also very interesting. Music is above awesome, those tunes you won't forget anytime soon. Achievements are not so hard to unlock, still prepare to spend some time to do so. As for multiplayer, i did not manage to run any online mp, i see other people got it working so it probably works fine.If you never played rogue-like genre i recommend this as very good beginning!"
76561198035475848,Recommended,248820,14219783,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Twins Edge,Ive been playing Risk of Rain for a while and this game is a little piece of imperfect fun whenever i play it.while it is true some charcters are better than the others (Huntress OP) It still makes me wanna try each and every one of them from time to time.The game offers so much diversity.So much randomality. So much challenge. And so much exploration. all in a pack of the rouge-like genere.A great game all in all. was totally worth the 10 bucks. having so much fun playing it. Enjoy
76561198135442717,Recommended,248820,14241759,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,BMOinACTION,wow one of the best games i play amazing!
76561198037149630,Recommended,248820,19136359,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,NoobLunch,"I will always recommend this game a thousand times over. Amazing level of replay-ability, and is massive fun solo or with friends. My single complaint is that a couple of the classes are way too situational to ever be used on a regular basis. Luckily enough there's plenty of classes!"
76561198090660044,Recommended,248820,8076962,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,*Eclipso*,Awesome game and to me feels just like a 2D version of Binding Of Izaac which is a great game as well as this one.
76561198021077765,Recommended,248820,14194816,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,tata,Perfect
,Recommended,248820,14218912,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Sparrow,"Difficult and frustrating but very addictive. Excellent for those of that want hardcore difficult6 but have zero attention span.Edit: Finally completed the game, getting all the artifacts. There were some laughs; there were a lot of tears."
,Recommended,248820,14187841,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,HHHHMMMMMMMMMMMMMM,this game changed my life :')
76561197994692953,Recommended,248820,14207897,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Bfriberg,"Wonderful game! 24 hours on record and im not growing tired of it yet!Fast action, lots of variety and loads of fun!"
76561198083797287,Recommended,248820,16334012,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Professor Grapes,10/10 Would buy again.
,Recommended,248820,9503357,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,～[PawStar](❀^♦ ᴥ♦),"Very interesting game. Really cool items, characters, and enemies. Especially fun when you have tons of power ups mixed with a good character~ Fav is Acrid- that poison got me through the tuff times. It is a bit challenging and Ive not played with people but Im sure its even better co op.Overall this is worth the buy."
,Recommended,248820,14524756,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,「MARINA」,yes
,Recommended,248820,8158632,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Siegerhino,"The music is what makes this game great. Though the game itself is quite fun, what makes me come back so often is the music."
76561198009511289,Recommended,248820,10980547,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,ArdentBrute,Pretty Great
76561198061323571,Recommended,248820,12073788,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,webweb6,One of the best games I've ever played.
,Recommended,248820,12085777,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,/Peterbix\ >:D!,I expected it to rain in this game. It is good nevertheless
,Recommended,248820,10645318,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Whale Guy,"This is the most hardest, fun, and (somewhat) scariest game I have ever played. It gives you all the power with the items you get. And yet, so little power due to the difficulty getting harder. There are some beasts that will give you the most biggest ""HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; moments in all of gaming. One thing I do not like about this game is that it does not have mod support. (new update will hopefully allow mods to be made). Other than the mod thing, great game."
76561198089451522,Recommended,248820,10702551,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,HoonDing,Challenging and fun
,Recommended,248820,12062639,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Dohick3y,"Risk of Rain is a rogue-like platform/shooter. One of my favorite games ever to be released. You start out only able to play as a commando class with a basic rifle, grenade, and an ability to dodge roll to avoid damage. Using this character you will kill enemies to gain power-ups with various effects such as increased attack speed, damage, movement speed, and defensive effects. There are also drones that you can repair scattered around the levels which will follow you and either heal you or do damage to enemies. These drones also take damage and can be destroyed leaving them sitting on the ground needing to be repaired again. Other characters are unlockable as well by completing certain criteria shown in the game.I highly recommend picking up this title."
,Recommended,248820,7999478,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,YouKnowThatGuy,"This game is truly a blast, with friends.I've had so much fun playing this game since I bought it but I don't really enjoy playing it much on my own but that's just me. If you're into Binding of Isaac or Rogue Legacy but want a bit more Sci-Fi in your suffering then you'll adore Risk of Rain.It's fast paced, it's well designed, it's beautiful and it's unforgiving. You have to work for your win and even when you get your win you might just be ♥♥♥♥♥ slapped back into the retro era for no reason other than the game felt like it.The longer you play the harder it gets, can you get more metal than that?The combat is fluid as it could be, the characters and abilities are varied and enjoyable. Each character brings something totally unique to the game.The only downside is how difficult it is to set up multiplayer which is where the game truly shines. In multi-player with everyone playing a different character this game is a cluster fun.If you can work past that one niggling issue then you've got yourself a seriously brilliant and well worth the price of admission video game.This is a very, very firm recommendation."
,Recommended,248820,8187219,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,NATIIONAL.,"This game is hard, but that makes it fun. You should buy this and play with some friends, it'll challenge your friendship!"
,Recommended,248820,8123280,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,The Cool Lamp,"Daring yet refined, Risk of Rain brings a nostalgic feeling to a new game. To say this game is alright is an understatement. This game can provide hours on end of entertainment. With a variety of characters and items to unlock, this game exceeds in providing the player with goals and fun. 9.5/10"
76561198097708961,Recommended,248820,10856076,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Soulful-Zane,"Mmm... I love me some Risk of Rain, this is quite an addicting game and I love the sub genre mixed with roguelike, platformer... or at least it feels like it. Personally I really like this game, I love roguelikes typically, and this is certainly no exception, though I do feel the randomization of levels could be a bit more... random. Or in depth. Normally something like that would deduct from replayability for me, but it doesn't affect me much, not sure why, it's quite a fun replayable game, the fun of it is trying to unlock everything."
,Recommended,248820,10464921,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Bozzwtf,"Gameplay is solid, original minimalist storyline, music is great, multiplayer is a blast, replay value through the roof.Only downside is controller support is a joke, and with 3 players or more; late game performance is extremely demanding graphics wise, even on the lowest setting. My framerate made it impossible to play.All that aside, it's still great."
,Recommended,248820,12123255,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,MIKEDUDE,tough stuff 10/10
76561197973610898,Recommended,248820,8609145,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Dolemite,Trouble putting together online co-op without doing a lot of research.  Awesome controller support allows this game to be playable and fun for all ages and difficulties.
,Recommended,248820,10042309,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Swift,"gr8 m8, would r8 8/8"
,Recommended,248820,10928188,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Smyles,"Extremly fun game, for those who want fast paced and high skilled action."
,Recommended,248820,8486381,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Ghost_Train,"I love a good challenge and Risk of Rain hits the spot. So hard, but so frickin fun. I get my buns handed to me within minutes but I am left feeling I can do better next time. There are plenty of unlocks to make it all the more worth it. Definitely one of my favorites."
,Recommended,248820,8731185,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Ghostbear,"This game is really enjoyable. Its hard and unforgiving to begin with but once you git gud it really opens up. The different character types play  very different and you'll soon find one that you prefer. Enemies constantly spawn until you find the ""teleporter"" which spawns  the boss of that level and after 90 seconds of activating enemies will stop spawning. You must find the teleporter asap before you get overwhelmed, or you can try to farm the normal enemies for as long as possible to get money to buy items that are scattered through out the level. The challenge in the game is trying to balance this act of spawning the boss and improving your character through new  items. The game has a timer running alongside all this, that the longer the game goes on the higher the difficulty goes. So your constantly trying to juggle improving your character while fighting enemies before they become too hard. Its more enjoyable than that sounds as nearly all the items in the game stack with themselves and each other. Its not rare to have over 40 different buffs, most of which do passive things like chance on hit fire a rocket, quicker movement speed, jump jets. These things all stack so their effects get continually better. Really fun game for what you pay."
76561198067849193,Recommended,248820,7901384,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,ｔａｃｉｔ,"This is one of the simplest, most viciously difficult, yet elegant games I've played. Challenging, every wasted second will come back to make your life miserable, every item will get you just a bit further before being overwhelmed, every character class faces equally bleak chances of actually surviving.Good game IMO, brutally difficult at times but very good."
,Recommended,248820,7728037,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,Josef,Loved this game when i played a none steam alpha build.  But now that i have purchased this game on steam i have found that it does not like either Windows 8 or my Nvidia graphics card.  Frame rate starts out at 60fps and steadly drops till the game is unplayable.  Great game but terrible optimization at the moment...
,Recommended,248820,10916243,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,IceColdAdam,"Great game, bought it on sale with a couple friends and we all had a blast."
76561198067411911,Recommended,248820,21955657,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,the ting goes skraaaa,good game bro
,Recommended,248820,18052501,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,lawferran,"im not that good with computer so i have issues when trying to multiplayer but awesome game never the lessi have to add that ever since latest patch, all progress gets wiped once i exit the game and hence i have to start from scratch when playing again. Hope they fix it soon."
,Recommended,248820,12719061,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Piiavc,HOLY PASSIVES BATMAN!
,Recommended,248820,13482796,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Drianko,"An awesome Rogue-Lite/Platformer made of 8-bit goodnessRisk of Rain has the potential to become one of your favorite games if you have the stomach for its challenging gameplay and incredible difficulty. This game has been one of the harder titles I've attempted to play in recent years, and the satisfaction of having completed even a marginally successful run is immense.Graphics: 9/10Pixel art is the oldest tool for 2d games, it's great and you can tell how much effort was put to it. RoR has some pretty damn good Pixel art, with great palette choices going from gloomy colors to vibrant ones. While the backgrounds are not the best, they do not bore and thanks to the variations on the maps and the random spawn system, this game is far from tedious. The enemies on this game is where the Graphics shine though, the designs are awesome and Bosses are quite memmorable.Sound: 10/10Beautiful chip tunes and synth notes with a dark mood that perfectly adorn the atmosphere of the game. It mix-matches different genres, including prog rock, metal, drum 'n' bass and industrial, giving it a great ""psychedelic trip"" feel that helps the player become immerse in this concept of exploring a vast and hostile strange planet.Playability: 9.5/10Controls are simple and responsive, in both, the keyboard and Joypad. And thanks to the multiple playable characters, you have a ton of strategies to tackle the game with. The difficulty on this game is... Let's just say it's not for the faint of heart, but it remains fair all in all. It is also part of the unique game mechanics that it offers, being that it get's more difficult as time passes, this is relevant because you can skip the last level and keep revisiting the previous ones to farm items and XP at the cost of a higher challenge and putting all your progress at risk.Replay Value: 10/10Tons of items and a dozen of playable charaters to unlock + An insane difficulty that will foil your plans, make this game replayable to the point of addiction."
,Recommended,248820,30643282,Posted: 20 March,all,Purps™,Risk of Rain? More like *review interrupted by connection errror*
,Recommended,248820,8723458,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Ziggiizzorri,Addicting. Simple. Nostalgic. There's also a lot of rain... I mean your tears. Need I say more?
,Recommended,248820,13937606,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Rad Fox,Once they get the multiplayer to work it will be 10/10
,Recommended,248820,10719961,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Brekfast Cyborg,"If you're debating on whether or not to pick this game up, I can assuage those doubts of yours. Before buying this I spent at least 30 hours in the game going through levels over and over again, trying to unlock those last few items (and this was before artifacts were added).Risk of Rain is a skill based side-scrolling action game where your main objective is to find the teleporter in each level. Once the teleporter is found, however, a countdown starts where you must stay alive until it finishes, a task made all the more difficult due to the boss monster that spawns as soon as you activate the teleporter. The game falls into a good rhythm: find the teleporter, kill the boss/enemies, go to the next level. Of course there are mechanics that add a bit of complexity to it, such as the items that can be found for sale around the level, the ever increasing difficulty level, and the variety of levels. The game features permadeath, as no characters can keep their levels once dead. However, new items, characters, and artifacts can be unlocked for subsequent playthroughs through completing the game's challenges, which range from somewhat simple to, at times, ridiculous, and finding hidden items throughout the levels. It is in this way that Risk of Rain gives the player a feeling of progression even after the loss of all the avatar's levels after death.The items found in the game can be purchased by money dropped by defeated monsters. These items increase your survivability in a myriad of ways, but the downside is that there is no explanation of what the item does when you purchase it. Players who come across one of the game's ""Item Shops"" (which are really just three items next to each other, two of which will disappear when one of them is bought) will only have the small picture of the item to give them some clue as to what it does. While some might find it frustrating at first, I liked the fact that there is no explanation, as it immerses the player into the situation of their avatar, stumbling across some strange object in a foreign planet where nothing is familiar and hoping it helps them survive the hordes of ever-looming alien creatures. All the pictures of the items are clearly discernable, however, and on subsequent playthroughs of the game the player will become intimately familiar with the items.There are quite a few unlockable characters, and players will unlock some of them just by completing the levels in the game. A choice few, however, can be found in certain hidden spots throughout the levels. Each character has a different enough playstyle than the rest, and while some of the make the game a little too easy I believe that helps the new player learn the levels before going at another playthrough with a different character.While the player can spend as much time as they need to on a level, there is a downside to spending too much time in one place. In the top right the player can see what looks like a thermometer, which represents the current difficulty level in the game. Every few minutes the difficulty level goes up, which means that more monsters will spawn, more elite (tougher) monsters will spawn, and every item will be more expensive with each new difficulty level. While I'm not a fan of timers, this does add a new time management dimension to the experience. By not penalizing the player with death for taking more time than needed and instead increasing the difficulty, the game opens up new strategies for players to interact with the game. For example, some players spend as little time as possible on the first level, as this means the later levels will be a bit easier and (more importantly) items will be cheaper. However, some spend up to five minutes on this level, as they want to get all of the items on the level so they can be better equipped for the next levels. More monsters also means more experience and money, so if the player's skill level is high enough they can intentionally spend more time than needed in order to force more monsters to spawn and level up even more.The levels in the game are sprawling and visually attractive. Instead of forcing you to go to one level every playthrough, the game randomly picks from two levels. For example, for Level One there are two options (Worlds 1-1 and 1-2), for Level 2 there are also two options (2-1 and 2-2) and the same can be said for Level 3. Levels 4 and 5 are the same, however, but because of the variety in the first three levels it feels less grating on multiple playthroughs as the player does not know exactly what to expect.There are also collectables to get in the levels that randomly drop. One such collectable is a monster log, which has a low chance of dropping when you kill a certain monster. This collectable unlocks some art and a description of the monster in the main title screen. The more interesting collectibles (gameplay-wise at least) are the artifacts, which will randomly appear throughout the levels. On getting these artifacts, you are able to activate them on subsequent playthoughs to make the game even harder.Risk of Rain is an excellent game in all respects. The only flaws I can find in it are the soundtrack (which is good at times but not as great as others have told me it was) and the fact that getting online co-op to work is a chore (I mostly play single player though). The visual style is aesthetically pleasing (I especially liked the boss designs) and controls are tight and responsive. Definitely worth the money considering the time you can put into it."
76561198085452018,Recommended,248820,10736627,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Zabimarupy - Garena,"Uno de los mejores juegos que jugue en mi vida...  si crees que sos bueno en los juegos de Arcade ""old School"" ven y pon a prueba tus habilidades"
,Recommended,248820,12812396,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,~Lux Tenebris~,"Risk of rain is amazing! If you like the gameplay where you only live once, But try and acomplish as much as you can before death. then this game is for you! you can ulock characters, items, artifacts and such. Each character you unlock has a unique play style and keeps the game going fresh for longer.you choose either very easy, normal, or the harder difaculty. this game increases in difaculty the longer you survive giving the game at times a frantic pace of action and death!well worth the money for this! buy it if you love rogue likes and action side scrolling games!"
,Recommended,248820,15368043,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Proxemicon,"Fun, easy to get into Rogue-Like. It's very well optimized, so it'll even run on a toaster.If you have $10 lying around, I recommend throwing it this way. ;)"
,Recommended,248820,15576397,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Poopity,4.5 / 5 Fun to just jump to the game and the rain
76561198052173091,Recommended,248820,15196617,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,SHITBAGDELUXE,The Risk of Addiction should be the name of this game.
,Recommended,248820,13230236,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,B A I A N O,Very fun game to play online
76561198016426759,Recommended,248820,13479507,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Tracer,"This game is brutally difficult, but don't assume it's just for it's own sake; there's a lot of depth that other roguelikes sometimes lack. Looks great and is fun to play, I dunno what else you can really ask for."
,Recommended,248820,13115868,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,echidna,"After being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off because I bought it without looking at the minimum requirements for this game, and it no longer being able to run on WinXP systems, a forum post stated that xp users CAN play this game, you just have to go into the game files and delete gmresource.dllHope I helped anyone avoid the dreaded .exe crashes.Gameplay wise, this is fun as ♥♥♥♥, lots of things to shoot, lots of upgrades to make you a badass, this is a game you should definately pick up, especially right now seeing as it's on sale."
,Recommended,248820,8034303,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Rirefox (Belgiuss),Definately a fun game to play around whether you win or die horribly. A great example of a game that can suck away your time too. :)
,Recommended,248820,15201526,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,okangorang,Very fun and difficult.I could play for hours on end and not get bored.Multiplayer is fun although I had to use Hamachi to host a game for me and my friends.Multiplayer is not too different from the single player and does help if you can communicate.I haven't seen many other games that i can compair with Risk of Rain but I would definately reccomend that you give this game a try.
,Recommended,248820,13459941,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Rucka_Inc.,Like tears in the rain...
76561198005585328,Recommended,248820,8786430,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,alana ♥,so challenge
,Recommended,248820,8846942,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,MrTopa,Great game i have played it on siglepayer for hours and still have thigst to unlock. I can just imagine what it will be like in multiplayer
76561198003512457,Recommended,248820,8402369,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Mire,"Extremely addicting, great music, tons of replayability and has a multiplayer mode too."
,Recommended,248820,8112922,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,llamaboy,"I don't even know what to say about it. It's a game anyone can jump into, it's hard to jump out of, and it's the kind of game you take a screenshot of with your phone when you finally beat it at two in the morning to show your friend that also plays it. The randomness works well, the characters are all pretty well balanced for different play styles, and there is enough content to keep you interested for awhile. And certainly enough challenge.If you like platformers, do yourself a favor and give it a shot. If you don't like a challenge, don't bother. The game is very hard and takes a while to get into a groove to where you can blow through it.A great example of practice makes perfect."
,Recommended,248820,8587364,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,bobcatpyrak,is goof
,Recommended,248820,8159030,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Mr.Mongoose,"Great visual and sound design make a great backdrop for this fast paced permadeath platformer.It'll constantly punish you, but you'll be relishing the experience rather than resenting it. Great drops that alter the play experience everytime have kept me coming back.You're restriced to one character at the beginning and his skill set is the most generic, but it doesn't take too long to unlock some more characters that add some needed variety.This is still in early access and it shows in some aspects, for examples, multiplayer support is quite poor currently. However it does support local co-op which is great if you've got a controller and someone to play it with. Hopefully this area will be improved upon in the future.Otherwise it's one of the best games I've played this year. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,248820,8668848,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Crankyhead,"this game can be described as a hardcore sci-fy inspired action platformer. with a feature that lets the game get progressively harder the longer you play it (litteraly by time the difficulty increases) with a buttload of powerup items that will help you defeat the game. (plus an amazing soundtrack by Chris Christodoulou) Risk of rain is fun, addicting and can be unmercyful. Definitely worth your while!"
76561198043553215,Recommended,248820,17665420,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Dogureqs,"As someone who is tired of playing games he has played too much and knows too well, (Playing Halo is like going through an equation now) it's nice to play a game that is differnet every time. Sure there may be a limit to how different each level can be, (If the whole level was randomized, there would probably be lots of places you couldn't get to) but the randomness of everything else still gives the feel of a fresh game every time.In my opinion, the difficulty levels vary quite a bit. Not only are enemies tougher from the beginning on harder difficulties, but the difficulty increases faster. So the game can be pretty easy for beginners or really hard for veterans.Also, there is lots of things to unlock that further change up the game!Love the gameplay, love the 8-bit graphics style, love the music. 10/10 - wouldn't change anything (other than the random times when the ground isn't really there and I just fall to my death indefinately and have to start over)"
76561198026872065,Recommended,248820,17478248,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,DrVaughn,"Alright folks. This is an interesting one for me. Buckle up.Risk of Rain, as most of you are propably well aware, is a game that falls into the category of roguelike (or rather roguelites). You are, most of the time at least, supposed to die at some point. Although there is a clear end to a run. A run will take you on average something from 10 to 60 minutes, depending on your ability to survive. Each run is gonna be different, based on the following factors: Your starting character, the selection of levels you are gonna get, the equipment you'll receive and the bosses you encounter along the way. I say ""selection"" of levels, because in contrast to a lot of other roguelites there is no random level generator. The game has a set of different levels within a set of various settings. The selection and order of those will be random each playthrough though.Each character comes with different skills and attacks, which helps the replayability a ton. The characters feel unique and distinguished enough from each other, that you want to unlock them and try them and roll with them.Gotta push that in here: The way you unlock the characters is marvellous if you ask me and it reminds me of the times of old. Some characters you unlock through simple playthroughs, but others you unlock by literally finding them in a specific level and fighting them. Others you unlock by finding a set amount of items or doing some kind of challenge. The ways are unqiue and it made the game feel mysterious to me. Hidden characters could be anywhere at any time - and I adore this kind of design-choice!Anyway, although the characters feel different from each other, the development within a run seems very limited. As per genre your run and character will develop with the items you'll receive and most of the items don't really make you adjust your strategy all that much.You shoot missiles at times? Cool, keep holding the fire button as always and just enjoy the bonus.Got lifesteal? Same thing.More crits? No need to adjust - just enjoy.You get what I mean. But to be fair - there are active items which add to your strategic decisions and there are some passive items that will make you think.You drop a banner at leveling up, that increases your attack speed when near. Well, better stay here then.You do damage to enemies that come too close? Risky, but maybe I should use that.Still, often times to me it feels, that from stage 2 onwards you'll be doing the same routine for most of the remaining run - the most effective strategy based on your characters skillset. It's still fun and I adore the endgame (including the final boss), but I feel like there was more potential.I don't wanna elaborate to much on the presentation, because this kind of style is something you love or you hate. I love pixelart, I love the simplicity and the soundtrack to my ears is gorgeous. From a presentation standpoint I got nothing to complain about.Let's put this together and clear up why this game is a special one to me.The flaws of the game are obvious and I know which parts and designchoices I don't agree with, but I still keep coming back. Give it a month or two, but I'll be back - and I'll be enjoying it as much as I ever did. I get curious, I get excited, I get a bit frustrated at times. And although I unlocked most of the game - there is still this sense of mystery for me. There are still riddles within the levels of which I know (or seen parts of) but haven't solved yet. There are still characters I haven't quite mastered and items I haven't seen. I still feel this sense of complete accomplishment, everytime I beat the final boss. No matter how often I come back - the game, so far, did not get stale for me.There is just something in this game that caters to my gaming-needs in a special way. The genremix of platformer and roguelite, the fireworks on the screen, the art design, the difficulty. Something in between all those qualities just gets me everytime - and propably will as well in the far future."
,Recommended,248820,20607557,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Bunne,It's a fun game
76561198010858187,Recommended,248820,7905600,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Japajoy,Very fun. Highly recommended
,Recommended,248820,15110790,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Dear,RoR is pretty much the best rouge-like game I've ever played.You mustnt miss this game and YOU have to play it.
,Recommended,248820,18962792,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Robot,Amazing gameLots of fun unlockablesAwesome Soundtrack11/10
76561197991567851,Recommended,248820,15612360,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Fixxed,"Reviews are right about this 1 lol... its definetly 1 of the best rogue platformers out there.Its an ""upgrade on death"" type of game, where you play to improve your next run (ftl, magecite, roguelegacy)This game is tough, it adds time element to the scene in a simple way, unlike Magecite where if time is out, you kinda lose instantly, this game lvls up difficulty, so after a while easy gets medium, then hard... etc..You have no limit to the amount of upgrades and abilities you can get while playing, which definetly makes this game more interesting, since it poses the question, ""do i explore this level more to get upgrades and risk making the game harder? orrrr do i go straightforward to the next map in order to maintain this level of difficulty longer?""Imo tho, i enjoy the graphics that gives you this idea of emptiness, of the huge size of the planet and how fragile yet strong you are. But since its a matter of taste, i do prefer other graphics, maybe like terraria.On the same page, i prefer Magecite over this game. Magecite is extremely similar to this game, even with time concept, i just prefer magecite due to its simplicity, better graphics (to me...) and toughness since stacking abilities kinda unscale after a while.Anyway this game is great, it is a must try to platformer fans, but wouldnt go for it headson, if you are new to the genre."
76561198071920935,Recommended,248820,11126760,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Doctor Dinklweed,"This game is great with much contnent... EXCEPT THE FACT THAT I CANNOT PLAY MULTIPLAYER!!!!! This multiplayer was greatly advertised in the trailer. BIg Letdown. I've tried hamachi, ive tried LAN, and everything else with gateways and such -_-'Waste of my time. Fun game tho :)"
,Recommended,248820,10721206,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Octavyus,This game is so addicting with it's secrets and many items to collect. Great game if you're into platformers with increasing difficulty the longer you play.
76561198078213827,Recommended,248820,10672374,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Spooky Boo,goooooooooooooooooooooooooood game
,Recommended,248820,10502557,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,..::Brotacul::..,A very good co-op game. It is best played eith a controller.
,Recommended,248820,8554258,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,KidLambda,Risk of RAAAAAGE !
76561198047723175,Recommended,248820,10569660,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,sovietucker,Overall this has to be one of my favorite games
,Recommended,248820,10576944,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Avansi,"If I hadn't already bought this, I would buy it again. Very challenging but fun. If you enjoy games similar to the Binding of Isaac, you'll enjoy this game."
,Recommended,248820,10679209,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,qoafosho,"I can't fathom why this is fun, but it is."
76561198087696292,Recommended,248820,10679608,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,─=≡Σ((( つ✖ω✖)つ,Fun and wild but without multiplayer it gets a bit stale. Lotsa items and replayability :D 69/10
,Recommended,248820,10680153,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,LiquidKelios,Definately a game you want all your friends to play with. But The solo play is by far still challenging and rewarding.
,Recommended,248820,10717831,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Lukeybo,"I can't recommend this game enough! Fast paced, challenging and rewarding gameplay, a great visual style (If a bit small) and an awesome soundtrack. If you like rogue likes or platformers, grab this straight away! Great as a single-player game, but the co-op element makes it that much more value for money!"
,Recommended,248820,10867115,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ghosty,"An excellent platformer, great environments, satisfying gameplay and enjoyable music."
,Recommended,248820,11513317,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Caseis,"One of my all-time favorite games. RoR was the singular game that really got me into the rogue-like genre, and made me try other amazing games like FTL. The singleplayer is fun, but the multiplayer is really what makes this game shine. I love the addition of the artifacts to an already amazing game."
,Recommended,248820,10859707,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Mr Meep,Sit comfortably and leave your browser open
,Recommended,248820,11511785,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Sandoitchi,I was a dude with an assault rifle. Killed by child. 10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,248820,11584806,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,LennyW0W,Best game if you have no internet
,Recommended,248820,7697380,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,Cowgod,Dat nestalgia. The old school platformer taken to the next level. The character detail and the music is just fenominal.  Multplayer is just amazing to bring your friends andjust break the game with. Anyone who has a love for 8 bit and platforming should at least try this game.
76561198101247881,Recommended,248820,13279406,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,GoblinSix,"Really fun, solo or with friends.must play if you enjoy rogue-like"
,Recommended,248820,12468577,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Blinda Bengtzing,It feels better than eating bacon when you have 30 stacks of powerups and you crush everything in your path. Multiplayer is great. Engineer class feels overpowered and clearing the last 2 monsters can be tedious. Most definately worth a try if you are into rogue-like-like games.
,Recommended,248820,8598810,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,MrWillemann,"I loved the game. It's just a great way for me to make time pass quicker, and I don't feel sad for dying, because I'll just restart and do all over againg with joy. Although, the in-game stats menu is kinda buggy, every time I open the game it counts different numbers for games played, deaths, bosses killed, etc... I don't know, if possible it would be pretty cool to see that fixed. Anyway, regardless of that little detail, it's by far one of the best games I've ever played. From the hardish moneyless start to the far end where you are just dealing tons of damage, Risk of Rain is an awesome game."
,Recommended,248820,17283046,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,me,"Risk of Rain is, I have to say, my favorite game of all time. There is so much to this game, because it is a very challenging game that takes time to get good at. It is very rewarding once you beat the game for your first time, but once you do, there is PLENTY more to do. Getting all the characters, getting all the artifacts, aheivments, and more and more. It is also very mysterious in a way that you don't really know how many people survived the crash, why the final boss did what he did, etc. It may seem like a simple game from the outside, but when you play more and more you can start to come up with theories about what happened in the story based on monster logs and the description of the items you unlock. It doesn't tell you of a story, nor is there even a story part of the game, but once you look at the whole picture of the game, there is, and that's what makes this cool. Not to mention the beautiful soundtrack, pixel graphics that make it perfect, and more. I would reccomend this game to anyone who likes rogue-like games. Risk of Rain is a very wonderful game, that I again have to say is my favorite game of all time."
76561198056202286,Recommended,248820,8788589,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Filthy_Ham,"Great rogue like, that you can play over and over again and still get frustrated! It really is fun to kick some aliens to the point where they are no longer recognizable."
76561198004702101,Recommended,248820,8408398,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Highwaycopbaker,"Roguelike good, roguelike hard"
,Recommended,248820,13203134,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Mushroom,i want a friend. its a good.
,Recommended,248820,12610943,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Popcioslav,"This game....This holy game.I've never seen better way to handle game difficulty since SGT games. But this is perfect on almost every aspect. Amazing design, beautiful sci-fi atmosphere, great characters (even if Bandit is pretty easy), one of the best soundtracks I've ever heard, just everything about it is a pure epicness.My favorite game of 2013 and maybe even one of the most favorite games of all time?"
,Recommended,248820,15428223,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Path to Decay,Oh my <3
76561198117286152,Recommended,248820,10022349,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,scoobert doobert,Snape kills Dumbledore
,Recommended,248820,7890184,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,HG | Sizzle the Cat,Epic fast paced game that you have to get used to playing. Really hard if you take too long to teleport to the next few levels.
76561198109078825,Recommended,248820,8626115,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,supermegacutie,"Very fun game. Hard at first, yes, But well worth the 6 bucks i payed for it."
,Recommended,248820,7739213,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,MagicDuckling_,Great paltformer with rouge-like elements. 100% fun.
76561197966532130,Recommended,248820,7924521,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,foo,gnadenlos gut. super sound.
76561198027147920,Recommended,248820,7796018,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,fucko,Lovely game with a lot of content. For $10 it offers an incredible amount of gameplay. It also has an amazing soundtrack that I listen to even when I'm not playing it. Definetly worth the money.
76561197988417773,Recommended,248820,7946000,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,DangerDong,"Epic♥♥♥♥♥kicking awaits... the question is, whos?"
,Recommended,248820,19341935,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,literatemax,"The fact that you're a tiny dude on a massive screen makes this game have a lot more appeal than other roguelikes. This game doesn't lie: these dudes are huge, the odds are against you."
,Recommended,248820,7795472,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,premeditated,"Risk of Rain is a pretty interesting little game, it has its bugs and issues here and there but let's be honest after the BF4 silencer, muting the whole server bug, what game doesn't these days. Let's talk about the issue at hand, Risk of Rain; there's a lot of different ways to tackle this monstrosity of a planet.The longer you take the harder the game gets and it takes this part very seriously, if you doddle or farm items for too long it can make things extremely difficult. Time equating to difficulty sure can make things interesting, as a farmer at heart it can sure make it hard to want to actually move on and continue through the stages but things can escalate extremely quickly. Items are similar to Binding of Isaac in how they unlock by completing certain feats/achievements. They also act similarly in function in that you can acquire one active use item and a number of(more than you can believe) passive stat and effect items.The game features several characters(10) to adventure through this wasteland with. You start with the commando which allows you to get quite a lot done for a base character almost to a point where sometimes I think it is better than a good few of the characters which is a bit of a con for me. The rest of the roster unlocks just like the items do, finding certain things in the world or unlocking specific achievements. The pool feels varied and interesting and if you enjoy the gameplay you will probably find yourself wanting to play the others through the game to unlock more items and any characters you need.The art style, music, and sound effects all feel very good to me but they fit my tastes and may not appeal as much to someone else. The game is primarily a singleplayer game but it also features up to 4 player local and online co-op which I have found to be a great time, the only real issue with the online is that you might have to do some network work to be able to host(open ports mainly, or turn off firewall).PROS:Flavour(art direction, music, sounds, etc.) is top notch in my opinion.Great replayability (At 20+ hours myself with about 64.5% game completion).Exciting number filled combat(Can turn off the numbers/combat text ingame if that isn't your thing).4 player co-op is great fun and classes function together in interesting ways.Has gamepad support.CONS:Port forwarding required to host.A tad buggy at times, weird issues and strict&limited graphic options.Can finish a playthrough in about 25 minutes on the easiest setting, if you don't count many many playthroughs to a game's total playtime, Risk of Rain is not for you.Some characters feel too weak or too strong.Keyboard controls can make it into Carpal Tunnel Simulator 2013 after too long of a sitting.All in all I would give Risk of Rain an 8.5/10, a quality game for $10, would like to see it get a few updates but I'm not positive on what the developer plans on doing at this point."
,Recommended,248820,7811622,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Shrike,"Pixelated platforming monster-laden roguelike-like goodness.  The key defining features are:1. The pixel aesthetic; it's like Sword and Sworcery, only SMALLER.2. The excellent soundtrack, very much evocative of crash landing on an alien planet.3. The time-based difficulty.  Don't dawdle, or soon the enemies will be too strong for you to handle.4. The diverse classes, each of which specializes in a different playstyle.It's designed to be played again and again and again.  And you'll want to play it again and again, trying to get that one sweet run that gets you all the items you need until you reach that glorious state that the community dubbed ""God Mode.""  I've only gotten there once.  I hunger to get there again."
,Recommended,248820,7805308,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,LD.Pig,"Really good game but after a while less than 6hours of gameplay and it loses interest with less and less items and charecters to unlock, but yea its a great game."
,Recommended,248820,7709438,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,Slosh,"Great game to kill time with when you dont have much to do, takes some skills though."
,Recommended,248820,7798328,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,J J El Tigre,"A very good hectit Rougue-like game, Risk of Rain is highly skill and (of course) a bit luck based. It is challanging and none of the deaths are cheap. Each Character plays completly differently and has their own unique style, from the Brawler-esque to the long range sniper classes. While some of the classes are not the well balanced for the single player, they all fit their own unique niche and play style and are feasable (though some are much more sucepible to item drops and luck). Risk of Rain is graphicly very good and the enemy design is fantastic. It has a very diverse range of Enemies and Bosses that you encounter at the end of each level. The Level viarity is not the best and it is sort of repetitive once you learn the main combonations. This however, is lessend by the random placement of chasts and shrines. Lastly, the item variety is fantastic, they have their own unique hilarious backgrounds that you can read about and they do many diverse things. If you are into getting horribly murdered over and over but slowly getting more skilled and getting farther, Risk of Rain is definatly a game for you. 98/100"
,Recommended,248820,7900657,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Obstinate,"This game is about as good as it gets. Extremely visceral, fun combat. An absolute steal at this price."
,Recommended,248820,16347202,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,░,"Risk of Rain is a great game. Really hard, but a great game"
76561198029478659,Recommended,248820,7940744,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,samster01,"Risk of Rain ReviewPlaytime = 20 hours (As of when I started writing the review).Characters Unlocked = 4 out of 10Longest Time Survived = 44 MinutesRisk of rain is a 2D side-scrolling rouge-like-like shooter where the player is tasked with defeating monsters, and reaching the teleporter to advance to the next level, so they can ultimately escape the planet.They do this by using 4 main skills bound to the Z, X, C, V keys.Z - typically your characters main attack move.	  (No Cooldown).X -  Some form of stun.					          (3-4 seconds).C -  Mobility or protection.					  (3-8 seconds).V -  Heavy damage.						          ( 8-15 seconds).Now I say ""typically main attack"" since the game features 10 different characters, all with their own unique skillsets. As of this review I have only unlocked 3 new characters, but they each play completely differently. The starting character the Commando, relies on his speed, range and dodge roll (C) to survive. The next character players will likely unlock is the slow, shotgun wielding, Enforcer. His playstyle involves hunkering down in a quiet corner using his riot-shield to block damage from one side (C).Your characters skillset, however, is only half of the games combat. As you kill monsters you'll be awarded coins and exp. Exp levels up your character, increasing your health and base damage. Pretty standard.Coins can be spent to unlock Item Chests and repair damaged Drones around the environment. Item variety is huge, some items heal you when out of combat, others cause electricity to arc from your character, give you more gold when killing enemies, infect your character with a transmissible disease that is passed on when touched, and literally hundreds of other effects.Now you might think the logical way to progress through the game is to farm the monsters, slowly gaining more gold so you can open all the Item Chests in each level?This strategy is complicated by RoR's difficulty bar. The bar starts on very easy and ramps up one notch every minute of time survived, eventually reaching ludicrous levels of difficulty.This means that in every run of the game the player is forced to make a meaningful choice:Do I stay in the level longer collecting more items, becoming more powerful, whilst my enemies do the same?OrDo I collect a few cheap items before quickly fighting the Boss, risking being under-levelled and under-powered for the following levels?Often a balance of the two approaches works best. The player needs items to compete with the tougher, more damaging monsters from later levels, but staying in a level for more than 10 minutes is usually dangerous.In conclusion RoR has plenty of replayability. The game features comprehensive item and monster logs which gradually get filled in as you play the game. The items in particular are described in a darkly comic fashion.Certain characters have to be found by exploring specific levels, others are unlocked by beating the game multiple times. Plenty of content to keep the player coming back for more.RoR = 9-10Note: I haven't touched the co-op portion of the game yet but I understand that it requires port forwarding in order to work correctly.EDIT: Forgot to mention that the game has a fantastic soundtrack that really helps sell the games tone and atmosphere."
,Recommended,248820,9484250,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,MettaMatt,"TThis game is very appealing for many reasons. It perfectly fits the rogue-like tags it is associated with and the difficulty is exrtreme all the time. The best part of the whole thing, however, is the infinite replayability. Every playthrough is different. Not just in the level design and order, which has many variations. The way the enemies spawn and where is always different, and they grow more difficult as you play, on and on for about 45 minutes until max difficulty. This game is worth a look at, and definitely a purchase. Buy it, ladies and gentleman."
76561198084269816,Recommended,248820,7875578,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Reapfield YOU LAZY CAT,"Risk of Rain is an interesting concept for an interesting genre. Surprisingly though, it pulls it off almost perfectly. The items are varied and interesting: Some providing simple stat increasements while others provide more interesting benefits.For example, the item ""Tough times"" provides a bonus to defense, but the item ""Headstompers"" deals damage to enemies you land on. Risk of Rain also has an interesting character system, which has quickly become a staple of the rougelike genre. And with the staple ""Rougelike"" comes the unforgiving difficulty. This game is hard, and don't let anybody tell you otherwise. I also like this game's progression system. Each run, no matter how bad it is, has a  chance of unlocking a character. Of course, there are some characters that are unlocked in other ways, like beating certain bosses, or just simply winning the game, but it's amazing when your otherwise pointless run nets you a new character. Overall, Risk of Rain is a great buy for fans of hard games, 2d shooters, and rougelikes, but if you're just looking for a casual game that let's you sit back and relax, Risk of Rain might not be for you."
,Recommended,248820,7838705,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Lazy Shell,"As a fan of Rogue-lite platforming/action games such as Spelunky, Paranautical Activity and the Binding of Isaac, Risk of Rain fills my niche perfectly. Between tight controls, an interesting and varied selection of characters with very distinctive abilities, a good selection of enemy types and variants, and consistently dynamite writing for item and enemy flavortext in the log entries, this one is a keeper.The only real downside is a few balance issues with some of the characters, mainly due to abilities being too situational or underpowered to be broadly effective, or in a few cases being too geared toward co-op play to really work as a solo character, but these can always be tweaked, and when the base game itself is this solid there's a lot of room to forgive. Easily the most addictive game I've played this year, hands down."
76561197995518118,Recommended,248820,7900069,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,C̝̰͝ò̠v̻̫̲̳̞f̪͠e̼͉̗̙̯f̩̟̺̙̝ḛ̶̥,"Absolutely hooked!Haven't really played rougelikes before but this caught my eye (in a  TotalBiscuits video) and what a blast it is! There's a good variety of items that random drop - though sometimes this randomness can end up screwing the run. Athmosphere and sound track are great, though a friend of mine found the tracks that play later in the game quite disagreeable. The 10 heroes are very varied and some feel inferior to others, but that might just me being ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with i.e. the enforcer."
,Recommended,248820,7896764,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Deammer,"What's great:- Skill-based gameplay: grinding levels will get you killed, so keep moving!- Items stack for crazy effects...- ...and there are tons of them to unlock- 8 classes with very different mechanics- Tens of hours of replayability- Co-op is extremely cool, especially when figuring out what classes to combineWhat needs improvement:- Some performance issues on lower-end hardware- No cloud save- Internet-based co-op is painful to setup- Controllers are not completely supported in menus"
76561198099033008,Recommended,248820,7927352,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,squerc,"prepare to get addicted like u never did before.not much more to say u must like this kind of games, around 8 10 different levels, 10 chars available and all very different from each other, a all bunch of items available, around 90.last but not least the best part of the game, other then the multiplayer which is really awesome, is the way u progress, slowly but steadly, unlocking chars and items that make u get better and better.a must buy"
,Recommended,248820,7798310,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,ito,"Game is pretty freaking awesome. Starts of a litle slow, but when it picks up, IT WILL KICK YOUR @$$"
76561197990287175,Recommended,248820,7672160,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Azure,Risk of Pain is a pretty decent title with solid gameplay to boot.When you buy this game you must understand one thing this brings as a key feature...It's hard very very hard.BUT once you get used to the controls and the Commando class you'll find the game very enjoyable as you painfully climb up the levels gathering lovely powerups and finally unlocking the new classes.Lets talk graphics its nice plain simple and does its job for this arcade like game.Gameplay the objective is the level up gather passives to enhance your survivability / damage and it is challenging enough not that it will frustrate you but give you a feeling of accomplishing something.The music and general sound of the game is also great which keeps you hooked while getting your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you when you first play.But lets talk downsides the other characters that you can unlock maybe a little too hard to unlock (took me nearly 3 hours to unlock the first character) and the optional characters I find are no where near as good as the comando. Each character fills a specific role while the commando can pretty much do everything as he has a decent cc effect a roll that makes you immune and decent damage.But other than that this is a great game and well worth your money!
,Recommended,248820,14077828,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,BloodBidet313,"A roguelike 2D platformer focusing on acquiring powerups.  A succesful run requires you to amass enough powerups to survive more and more difficult monsters, balanced by a steadily increasing difficulty.  The wealth of powerups, combined with the unique classes, adds plenty of replayability.  I wish there were more levels/monsters and a bit more randomness to the maps, but still a stellar game."
,Recommended,248820,7890960,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Ste'ampunk,"Absolutely amazing, fast-paced, tight-controlling, and hard as ♥♥♥♥. The single and multiplayer are both great with their own challening aspects. The game is fairly balanced and you will find that every death will be a fair death. You can run from enemies, dodge them with immunity, block their attacks, or just sit there and shoot at them. There is no instant-death for as far as I've played.It's an amazing title and I would recommend it if you love games such as Rogue Legacy, Spelunky, or other rogue-like games."
76561198021067719,Recommended,248820,19483850,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,MadbeinG,"This game is so hard, It gave me a hard on."
,Recommended,248820,13124682,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,sny,"Behind Risk of Rain's simple premise and oldschool graphics is an edge-of-your-seat exciting masterpiece in game design that's hard as nails to get the hang of, but thoroughly satisfying once you do. And then you try a different character and the cycle begins anew.The basic concept is simple: get strongerfasterthan your enemies do. This is easier said than done, of course - the levels, enemies and loot are randomized and there are numerous chance-based decisions and events at play, but after a few deaths you'll slowly learn how to ride the difficulty wave with your chosen character.The game challenges you to challenge yourself: you can only unlock some of the stronger items (that can give you an edge in subsequent games) by completing hard tasks on different levels or using different characters. Because of this system, striving for certain achievements - albeit still arbitrarily established by the developers - has tangible, noticable benefits on your progress. Plus, the excitement of unlocking something new to play with and the enjoyment you get when you complete the feat is much stronger.The fact that there is a very thin line between being overwhelmed easily and being an unstoppable killing machine makes the game all the more exhilarating to play - even when you're doing well, you know you can't slack or take your time, or the enemies will catch up to you in strength and/or numbers.The controls are fluid and the simplistic graphics help you make sense of the chaos that will inevitably ensue once you've progressed far enough. The music is indescribably brilliant and goes perfectly with the visuals and the action-packed nature of the game.If you can't take being given the short straw by the RNG gods from time to time, if you're frustrated when a game is punishingly difficult after an hour of play, if you can't stand looking at graphics that evoke those of games on Commodore 64, move along, this game is not for you. If these traits don't bother you, you'll get some of the most adrenaline-pumping and rewarding gameplay available in a non-PvP game, wishing other games were as brave with their learning curves as this."
,Recommended,248820,22308945,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,[-=TRF=-] Omega,"Great game, played many hours in the first month of getting it and unlocked almost all of the characters and artifacts. Will definately rate 11/10"
76561198049427761,Recommended,248820,13315217,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Help.,'Risk of Rain is sooooo bad' - Yala 2014
76561198047776935,Recommended,248820,9069098,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,glasspaper,"such cewl, must 100%"
,Recommended,248820,23998604,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Ryobi,Appropriate soundtrack for this mess. Quite entertaining.
,Recommended,248820,20635619,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,sps96,10/10 would place multiple teddy bears on scrotum again10/10 sanic the hedgeheg simulator 2016
76561198043477825,Recommended,248820,7767913,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,TheOnlyOrk,"A very fun sidecrolling roguelike, with a massive variety in items and enemies (like The Binding of Isaac). Its not easy though, but if you want a challenge, I highly recommend."
,Recommended,248820,7776468,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Optic_Aoba_Chan,This game is challenging and dont forget that as you travel your way through levels with new characters and unlocks that happen frequently.
,Recommended,248820,7963402,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,WoefulMe,One of the most enjoyable and challenging experiences that I have had playing a game.  10/10 will play again.
76561197984308746,Recommended,248820,8904866,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Sickle,"A masterpiece hidden in the game list. A blast alone and even moreso with friends over skype, but get ready for a challenge!"
,Recommended,248820,10024792,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Lick My Balls™,"An exciting and challenging roguelike with psuedo random levels and a multitude of items, drones and classes to find and unlock. RIsk of Rain has high replayablility and is fun to play."
,Recommended,248820,9202250,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Jake would be Awesome,I strongly recommend you purchase this game or send wads of cash to the developers.
76561198007042760,Recommended,248820,7907885,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,KevAegis,"After dumping a load of hours into this game, I can safely say that this is the best game I've ever played (and I've played some great ones!).What this game has:1) Classes: You unlock different characters that play very differently from one another. Experiment and find your favourite play style!2) Loot: You unlock items to go into the game's randomizer, so gameplay gets more in depth as you go. Chance (risk!?) is involved, but skills are absolutely required!3) Atmosphere: Featuring some of the best music around, the soundtrack is to die for, rinse and repeat pl0x!4) Replayability: Wanna see how far you can go? The game is punishing, but it's not impossible to reach the 'end-game' where loot is abundant and effects slow down your pc so much that you wanna cry Q_Q10/10, easily ;)"
76561198087601516,Recommended,248820,18325959,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,DagoliirHC,Rage quit is always a good idea.
,Recommended,248820,11777093,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Rylis,"Very good game, play with my friends for awhile and ended up breaking it so hard I could no longer play or even see what I was doing anymore.http://i.imgur.com/cntmegQ.png13.7/10Would Buy again."
,Recommended,248820,13134801,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,𝓦𝓲𝓵𝓫𝓮𝓻𝓽 𝓜𝓲𝓭𝓷𝓲𝓰𝓱𝓽,risk of PAIN
,Recommended,248820,7948797,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Druidlogic,"Love this game, so much fun."
,Recommended,248820,13451863,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,O2K,"This game is a game you can casually pick up for a few minutes and have fun in, but damn if it's not challenging aswell. I would like to see some additional level designs but never mind that; buy the game! Totally worth it yo"
,Recommended,248820,12609199,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,pulsnar,"If you like games like Rogue Legacy and Binding of Isaac, those kind of games that screw up your♥♥♥♥♥to the limit. you'll like Risk of Rain.also, the Soundtrack is a plus."
76561198079250695,Recommended,248820,10899638,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Romp62,Probably the best game ever!
76561197988682099,Recommended,248820,13520759,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Grusi~Is~Ju1cy,"The following table of figures is sponsored by VegetaWhat you will have when u play this game well:--- Over 9000 HP ------ Over 9000 DPS ------ Over 9000 Kills ------ Over 9000 Seconds/Run ------ Over 9000 Items (No, really, you can) ---What you will have when u play this game bad:--- <Over 9000 HP ------ <Over 9000 DPS ------ <Over 9000 Kills ------ <Over 9000 Items ------ <Over 9000 broken Gamepads/Keyboards (But still, quite a few) ------ <Over 9000 Deaths/second (But still, quite a lot of deaths in overall = losing, you know) ---Vegeta isnotresponsible for any Single Player/Online-Interaction experience whichmightmaybeprobablymost likelydefinetelywill drastically change your own impression about this table of figures and its...well...figures."
,Recommended,248820,9150147,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,[82:DI] Nemo,I've probably put as many hours into this game as I have put into the last three AAA titles i bought combined.
,Recommended,248820,13620307,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,minetmajster,"Kind of like Binding of Isaac, with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of enemies and items. Dark Souls compared to this is ♥♥♥♥ing heaven."
,Recommended,248820,14875494,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Obvious,"Sorta rogue-like platforming, with (character dependant) intense kiting, combos and hoard-demolishing.Dangerous potential to fast forward in time while playing. Better with friends."
,Recommended,248820,12200884,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,zanzaKlaus,"While I haven't played it more than say Civilization V, this is probably the most fun I've ever had in a video game. The items are all cool, the game is harder than a brick wall, and there are hours upon hours of content. I played the early alpha build, and trust me, it has come a long way since then. The bosses are all fun and diverse, combat is hectic, and the game seems to always slap you in the face when you're getting too comfortable. While playing, I feel my skill naturally progressing. By that I mean at the start of the game, I couldn't even activate the teleporter, but soon it became my average to activate the teleporter, and then it became my average to get to the second floor, so on and so forth. It's really hard to make a steady learning curve in a game about insane difficulty, but it's true. After five hours of playing you'll already be going to stage two and regularly finding the teleporter until you finally get to the third stage, and you get your♥♥♥♥♥whooped, but you play again, and soon you keep going to that third stage, getting better and better ever so slowly. Compare this to a game like ""The Binding of Isaac"", where i found the game was less skill based and more luck based. I would reccommend this to anyone.10/10Edit: Now I've played this game three times as much as Civilization 5. Seriously, why haven't you bought this yet?"
76561198138291397,Recommended,248820,14383492,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,mariovevo,Tough yet enjoyable game.
,Recommended,248820,15761331,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,| GHOST |,"Crashes harder than Paul Walker, and has more bugs than his rotting corpse. However when it works, it's great fun. Grab a friend, use voice chat, then laugh at the chaotic mess that is this game.There's many bosses, tons of items & weapon upgrades, with some jamming ost. It all makes for a great coop time, with many things to shoot, die from, and many classes to unlock. Along with collectables that can change gameplay, some that make things even more chaotic.It can be fun playing solo, but the game really shines in coop with a good friend."
,Recommended,248820,21227910,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Eviper,"Alot of fun solo, about 20 hours of fun"
,Recommended,248820,10768157,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Doug Dimmadome™,Yes
,Recommended,248820,12907220,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,hey it me game man,I thought the addition of space to skyrim added the next gen feel of far cry 3 - 10/10
76561197968680597,Recommended,248820,19023103,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,AtheistPrime,I'v been here a while. Own 136 games. First review.I prolly have 10+ hours searching the web for a game similar to this.GL with your purchase.
,Recommended,248820,20668783,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Mathatguy,its one of the few pixel games in my library
,Recommended,248820,17117401,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,George Burley Mucho,"Risk of Rain is a Rogue-like with heavy itemisation and alternate skill sets for every class.This game does a really good job of making each character feel totally different, as a result each playthrough (or attempt) is very refreshing, even after completion.It also does a good job of being punishing but fair. You will die a lot, but each time you die you get rewarded with monster logs, new stat records or items that will make it just that little bit easier each time, so there ends up being a steady progression if you stick to it, and obviously you'll get better at the game as you go along.And oh my god, the MUSIC. This has got one of the best original soundtracks from any game, ever. Period.For the relatively low price of 6.99, couldn't recommend this enough. The OST alone is covered by that price imo.22.5/10"
,Recommended,248820,12885099,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,shadowcody47,"Have had a lot of fun with this game. Soundtrack is out of this world, and the game is punishing, but not artificially difficult. If you die, it's your fault.Artifacts let you add modifiers to your game, such as Glass, which gives you a 500% damage boost, but only 10% of your regular health. This, in addition to numerous character classes and items, makes the game have a lot of replay value, with each run being slightly different. Until you get the Command artifact, that is.My favourite element of the game is the difficulty slider. You genuinely feel rushed, as every few minutes the game gets harder, to the point where in later levels you will find yourself facing randomly spawned bosses from the first few levels. Or maybe that's a bug. I don't actually know :P But playing can become a real hassle later on, where you basically have to get a good ratio of items to time spent, and move on.You will not beat this game on your first try. That is a given. It is ball-crushingly hard, but in a way where if you play enough, the game becomes much more simple.Unlocking stuff is fun. Items are fun. Characters are fun.This review is a bit all over the place, I know, but I'd give this game a solid 9/10. It's the kind of game where I like to hop in, attempt a run or two, and go back to whatever I was doing.Just get someone to monitor your twitch chat. Standing still often will = death."
,Recommended,248820,12629406,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Absolutely Vulpine,"This game is amazing, It's fun to just replay over and over in one playthrough and get to the point you instakill everything and have a swarm of around 50 drones."
,Recommended,248820,7792273,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,EvilAsh110[ATC!],"Good game.  Kept an eye on it while watching the development progress of Starbound and when it was available on Steam I bought it.  Definitely worth the $9.99 and if I had had more scratch in my pocket I would have sprung for the four pack, still might.  Good game by yourself, probably even better with friends (or strangers)."
76561198137828097,Recommended,248820,21623220,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,El Red,BUY this game!It FUN10/10
,Recommended,248820,22034036,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,ZOMBOdead hellcase.com,"Great GameBarely any bugs, and those said bugs don't affect the game in any way.Fun gameplay with some difficult challenges and some easy challenges.Love playing this game, and the joy of winning a won is intense"
76561198044024393,Recommended,248820,21820620,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,❃ #DatFishOffishial_,"Risk of Rain is genuinely one of my favourite games on Steam. Through the suprising lack of rain there is an masterfully crafted rouge-like that doesn't shy away from mutilating your very soul on multiple occasions. It's frustrating as hell but in genius way, every death making you want to do it all again and prove the mocking death message wrong. There is no sort of proper story like some other rouge-likes, but it doesn't need one when you are gunning the heck down avian bird thingys with the much needed help of an electric ukelele - the story is that you're a rather small pixelated guy person, just go shoot some things without worrying about why you are doing it. As mentioned before this game is frustrating, which goes hand in hand with it's pretty steep learning curve, but every death along this curve seems constructive towards you as a player. Every time a robot guy smacks you in the face you still feel a peculiar sense of accomplishment, and every time you unlock a new character you may even find yourself shedding a tear  - which is something most games can't say they do. If you just want to play the video game equivalent of frolicking in a field then this game might not be for you, but if you are one of the two people in the world looking for a frustrating way to pass the time on a rainy day (hue hue) then maybe consider giving Risk of Rain a go. You never know, you might even enjoy yourself."
76561198068867420,Recommended,248820,8863914,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,dagutski,"What a great game, at first it is was hard but then you get the hang of it and if becomes so much better, Love It!!!!"
,Recommended,248820,22130325,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Bulwark,"IT'S HAAAAARD. Even on the lowest difficulty, Risk of Rain is a challenge. I'm not saying this is a bad thing, the game is great. The difficulty is understandable however and makes the replay-ability high. It has a kind of turn-based vibe, as your attacks have a cooldown time, thus making you manage what attacks you use and when. I'm a little irritated with the fact that when you switch levels, you lose ALL the items and gold your previously had, so you have to grind away to get more stuff. But that doesn't make the game bad. Just challenging."
,Recommended,248820,7685988,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Booty Wizard,"One of the most entertaining roguelikes I've played. If you have over 200 hours on Binding of Isaac like I do, you will sink another 200 hours into this game."
76561198069128241,Recommended,248820,15714259,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Ticko,Fun to play with your homies but the character unlocking is not easy for new players.
,Recommended,248820,8035601,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Ryzaria,"This game will drive you insane, but in a good way. It's fun, randomized with tons of items at your disposal, and ten unlockable classes to pick from. The difficulty increases the more time spent on the game. It's a rogue-lite game, and highly replayable. You'll die. And die. And die some more. But it's fun. It's even got multiplayer. Suck it, Rogue Legacy, there's a new game in town."
,Recommended,248820,12977599,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Quoth,YES. RISK THE RAIN. YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT. EVER.
,Recommended,248820,20644738,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Do you like traps? | On holiday,I rather enjoy this game but controls are anoying
76561198094896490,Recommended,248820,20024515,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,burlapbee,"Risk of Rain is a shooter's paradise. Mow through tons of enemies, get crazy power-ups, and play as odd-ball characters. Its intense and enjoyable- more so if you have multiple people playing.The music deserves a special note as the progressive chip-tune sound track compliments the game perfectly.Another note is one of the artifacts, an option that impacts how the game is played, called Glass. Glass decreases your health to the point you'll die in one hit but you'll kill most standard mooks with a single shot. I feel like this is how the game should be played- brutal and evasive. It does make some item completely over powered, but if you play enough your character will eventually get that way.The game is short, sweet, and worth that 10 USD price tag."
76561198042749699,Recommended,248820,17240425,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Hitman Average Joe,"difficulty said ""HAHAHHAHAHAHA""myself and a friend agreed.....we were overun by worms, monsters, golems, and other various jellyfish monsterswe died 1 hr and 30 min in just because we could play that long......107/10would play this game for 9 hrs straight with a friend again"
,Recommended,248820,9310581,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,ickybodclay05,Risk of Rain is an action-packed addicting time sink. I highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys fun.
76561198299866652,Recommended,248820,24099690,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,sueddude the mouse,worth the monyfeals like a clasicgood game
,Recommended,248820,21155935,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Isolophiliac,"This is by far one of the best games on Steam. A great game to get a group of friends together (though you will neeed Hamachi or something like it) and just have a great time. Not too expensive and with low requirements, anyone with a laptop can play. Has incredible elements and great replayability value."
,Recommended,248820,9934694,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Zartorg,because it doesn't come with 5 trampolines!
,Recommended,248820,15713615,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Enel,Like Dota arcade fun game
,Recommended,248820,7691833,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,B1gMoneyPuss777,It's fun and I like it.
,Recommended,248820,20925423,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Oid,"I haven’t felt this good about a game in a long time.Risk of Rain has a familiar dungeon crawler format with fantastic gameplay, great music, and endless replay value!I only wish I discovered this gem earlier."
,Recommended,248820,14173604,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Wumbopulos Prime,A very fun and entertaining game.
76561198083279534,Recommended,248820,20669753,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,andrenorat,"This game is awesome! very challenging, lots of unlockables, interesting characters mechanics, AMAZING soundtrack.. be prepared to frequently get rekt too loljust buy it and have fun!"
,Recommended,248820,20678040,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,jbot00,"""Its like dark souls and terraria made dirty love."" -ign 11/10 would play again"
,Recommended,248820,20644504,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Veijotin,Fun platformer shooter with good gameplay.  At least gives a good challenge.
,Recommended,248820,8041432,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Jeff Cogan,"yum, edible with friends"
76561198027672360,Recommended,248820,7910867,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Satna Claus,"One of the few games I got for multiplayer but still enjoy on singleplayer. Very fun, challenging but in a way that's rewarding to conquer. There's characters to unlock but the majority of the replay value comes from trying to beat the higher difficulties and playing with friends. I got it on sale but I would not regret the decision of buying it even if it were 10 dollars."
,Recommended,248820,10945499,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,TheDarkSoul1o1o,Good game lots of replay value
76561198010969228,Recommended,248820,17361270,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Jeffrey_Bagels,"Awesome game. All of the playable characters play differently giving the game high replayability. Not so much in the way of enemies or level design, but that's ok because there are a lot of items to unlock (as well as characters), the gameplay is fun/addicting, and multiplayer is really fun. Also its got a pretty cool art style for a pixelated game."
,Recommended,248820,8922668,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,purplemode,"More people need to get this gameIts an epic, 2D platformer with a action packed twist.PLAY IT NAO"
,Recommended,248820,7913801,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,LordRoyalMan,Fun and addictive with hours of gameplay
,Recommended,248820,9401287,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Winial,"Those screenshots and trailler are fake. why? It's much better than that.If you like good 2D Platform game, you will love this. And if you also love Roguelike game like me, it's your game. Because that is what I feel about this.The music is great, art style is so pretty. Most of all, game play itself so satisfying.Have some bug a little bit, but that is not bother anyway and even help to play. Hard enough to get challenge. So, consider this and have a good time with this game :)"
76561198089144504,Recommended,248820,13615180,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,TalkingBarrel,"Fantastic game, I love it!"
76561198046276004,Recommended,248820,9365507,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,WulfgarVikingThunder,"Had this game for some time and had kinda figured out the ropes to it. The game has a suprising hard curve of difficulty, but a very rewarding and fun sense of constantly losing and starting over. The characters feel distinct, the story is surprising detailed for being mostly focused on the action, and there are enough unlockable items and challenges to continue playing it for a long time. I definitely think it warrants a place in your gaming library for 10 bucks and it seems to be on sale frequently as of late. Two thumbs way up!"
,Recommended,248820,10720660,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,PasstheBunt,Addicting game that takes skill and logical thinking. Definately something worth your while.
,Recommended,248820,8447453,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,ϟϟ CptAssCheeks,"One of the better roguelikes, has a ton of items/powerups for the addictive quality, butwhen youre buying them they dont what what they actually do, so theres a but of memory and doing non-serious runs to learn what things do.It gets challenging which adds more of an addivtive qualityI think there are 10 characters you can choose from, but at least 6 are too♥♥♥♥♥♥to use, Good ones areCommando, Bandit/cowboy, Huntress and sniper, I've seen really good snipers but I can't play him very well"
,Recommended,248820,13906709,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Father Friendship,mamma mia pappa cheese!!
76561198015698900,Recommended,248820,23633343,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Greasy_Burritoes,"If this is not already in your steam library, it needs to be. There's nothing else that I can say that hasn't already been said about this game."
76561198008431954,Recommended,248820,26168368,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,#PlzStopSuck,There is nothing to say. I love it.
76561198065331494,Recommended,248820,13116663,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Not Bowiespoon,"Beautiful, Dark, intense, hard, witty, difficult, fun, replayable, BUY IT"
,Recommended,248820,23645136,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Father Figure,"Holy crap,I can say that I actually enjoy this game for what it is. It's a simple yet complex game that is extremely challenging agrevating and a lot of a fun to play. I would recommend this game to anyone and your dog. It's a fun game, try it."
,Recommended,248820,7760205,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,sc,"""moe assassin is turk stink. jollyfish."" - sasso"
,Recommended,248820,10772255,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,King Stink,it ruined my life in record time
,Recommended,248820,23736816,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,ListerTheFister,I absolutely love the game but for some reason I can't do online co-op. I've even googled how to host a game successfully but it doesn't work.
,Recommended,248820,23945221,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,spaceslug,"This game is hard.Unforgivingly hard.This game will punish you for breathing.In Risk of Rain, Difficulty affects not just the enemies HP, but also affects their damage dealt, the starting cash, starting health, it even affects the number Bosses that may spawn during a wave.On Drizzle difficulty, the difficulty rises one level per every 9 or so minutes. On Rainstorm, it's around 4 minutes. I don't even want to think about what may be in store on Monsoon difficulty(Difficulty rises every 3 minutes, Blighted enemies might spawn,you start with 15 gold, and the Teleporter takes 120 seconds to spawn, compared to Rainstorm and Drizzles's 90 seconds).  Progress isn't saved on Drizzle, so think of it as more of a training difficulty.Artifacts can either be a blessing or a curse, allowing you to only spawn one type of enemy per map(Kin, which is on the Dried Lake Map), to only spawning Elite class monsters(Honor, which is on the Desolate Forest Map). Ultimately, it's up to you to go for the artifacts or not, they're entirely optional and unnecessary to actually beating the game. Unless you're a Completionist. In that case, go for it. Have fun with the Map Variants.Each character has their own special usages, from the beginning class Commando, who implements his gun to move quickly and shoot just as fast, to the defense-focused Enforcer, who uses his Shield to withstand powerful attacks and can shoot faster with the Shield up with his Shotgun and Concussion Grenade.Items are vital to your survival, as you can carry any amount of items, excluding Use-Items. The Items in Risk of Rain are as numerous as they are diverse, from the simple Crowbar, which allows you to deal 50% more damage to enemies above 80% HP, to the Infusion, which gives you +1 max HP for every kill you get.In my honest opinion, this game is fantastic. I love it, it's addictive and I can't get enough of it. But be warned. It's not easy. Providence will never be your friend. To anybody who has this game or is buying/considering buying it: Kudos to you.Everybody else can suck a lemon."
,Recommended,248820,11456418,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,cburgle,four stars. two enthusiastic thumbs up!
76561198114285939,Recommended,248820,23997224,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,TehSpaceCat,Greatest game of all time
76561198028212295,Recommended,248820,24037034,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Sigma SIX,"A good action rpg with rogue-like elements.Great cooperative gameplay with different roles player can fill out.Expect dying and restarting a fair amount as every character has different playstyles.10 classes to unlock and play as, but some classes need a buff/nerf.Certain runs can be very difficult due to random item drops.Rating: 7/10"
76561198036436356,Recommended,248820,24029159,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Blizzard-Angel of Ice,"This game is amazing, hundreds of items, each with their own little story behind them. Not to mention each one helps you get one step closer to completely destroying any unfortunate baddy that happens to get in your way."
76561198029263093,Recommended,248820,11627932,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,WWlad(CZ),Grabs you and never let's go!
,Recommended,248820,10736153,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Spurty,"OMG, scratches an ich from the 80s"
,Recommended,248820,10957086,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,GA. Luigi,"Honestly, this is one of the best modern platformer games I've ever played. I don't like too many modern platformer games, like Terraria, but this one is very good. It's straightforward and full of action, and those are the kind of games I prefer. I rate this game 8/10."
,Recommended,248820,19935259,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,BlackTyrone101,"It is a really fun game, but I was so excited because I got super far into the game (past level 30), and just as I was fighting a new boss, the game just crashed. I lost around 4 new characters, many new items, and all the progress from that run. I wish there was a way to get my progress back"
,Recommended,248820,9755257,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Duane Dibbley,"An easy recommendation. This game is incredibly addictive, fun and difficult. The game is a side-scrolling rogue-like semi-RPG type of game. You have several classes to play, though you start with only one and must unlock the rest by playing. Each of the classes play wildly different to each other, such as the slow crowd-shredding enforcer or the Acrid which relies on stacking status effects to rapidly kill its foes. Each class has four abilities in the style of MOBA games, and you must collect item found throughout each level to help you survive. There is also a wide variety of enemies and bosses in the game. Both items you have found and enemies/bosses you have killed are added to an encyclopedia in the main menu, which gives a lot of back story to the game and contains many easter eggs. This adds a lot of replay value to the game. The objective of the game is to survive each level by killing enemies, collecting items and finding the teleporter to get to the next level. This can can be very difficult, especially as many of the enemies have abilities which makes the game very interesting to play. The music is also excellent."
76561198117146088,Recommended,248820,9394956,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,LightningBacon,"Definitly worth 10 bucks! This game reminds me of Issac's or something? Anyway, This game is very interesting and difficult at the same. I merely survived at least 6 to 8 minutes max.. on normal but very high replayability :PI really cannot describe it, too much♥♥♥♥♥♥happened at the same time so yeah buy it and see it for yourself"
76561198036391052,Recommended,248820,19990723,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Phanpy,I only came here to commend the soundtrack/background music. I will often launch the game just to listen to it- excellent!
,Recommended,248820,13592737,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,=7Cav=SPC.Beyer.C,Runs at 60fps and never drops a single frame... But that is probibly not saying much. What realy matters is that the combat is incredibly satisfying and keeps me coming back for more. Ive played over 60 hours and Im not bored yet.
76561198080219665,Recommended,248820,20055485,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,meow,awesome adictive game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!perfect! will rate this strait. 5/7.
,Recommended,248820,10162950,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,wcharliew,"My friends and I love this game, I bought it for a couple of them and my self and we couldn't stop playing. Theres so many unlockables such as characters and different items to get throughout the game. I recommend everyone to try this out."
,Recommended,248820,27275351,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ICouldBeYourNemesis,Beautifull game. Great atmosphere and vibe with interesting mechanics that will have you on the edge of your seat while making you want to try again and again and again and again.... someone send help pls
,Recommended,248820,10108872,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,gucci belt,"This is possibly my favourite game. Ever.I absolutely recommend this game to any one who enjoys any rogue-like games, Has a fettish for weather orloves to stack different and awesome items and become a beast. Don't forget artifacts, those are cool.Also, this game has good strats such as Boar Beach.Get. this. game.That is all."
76561198044559385,Recommended,248820,31944259,Posted: 24 May,all,Elysium's Veil,"This game had my up all night. I wish there was more, but still a very replayable game. I played by myself and a few times with others, better with other people but still great alone. Then again, I don't really have freinds to play it with, so I could be wrong. Buy it on sale if you can then you get an amazing game for an amazing price. problem with online, you have to connect the computers with Hamachi or something. you can also play local a good perk. Overall? 9.7/10 would die and lose everything again."
76561198022788835,Recommended,248820,27868430,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Drink-Drank-Drunk,This is a great game! Love it. Needs DLC or a sequel!
,Recommended,248820,10015583,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Zirico,"Amazing game, a must buy if you like killing things with guns, rockets, mortars etc. Great gameplay with roguelike elements and a surprisingly deep storyline. There are a variety of interesting bosses, items (including achievement unlocked ones), enemies and even characters to play as."
,Recommended,248820,32070572,Posted: 30 May,all,Marxon,Very very very hard game to play until you learn the mechanics. You will die a LOT.Which only makes that one run out of 30 that you manage to ascend to Godhood so much sweeter.
,Recommended,248820,32067205,Posted: 30 May,all,Mobster112,"My friend and I were searching for a game we could play together and kill time with. We came across Risk of Rain right when it was for sale. We quiclky bought it and gave it a shot. The game blew our minds. Although it has a bit of a learning curve we quickly managed to master the game within a few hours and are now running consistant and fun playthroughs.PROS:Art styleMusicCharactersCo-opAchievement HuntingCONS:CharactersItemsA couple of bugs - Couldn't unlock the bandit, even though I beat the 3rd stage 10 times.The characters, while plentiful, can be boiled down to two types: Meele and Ranged. Although each character features its own unique skill set, their playstyles and item preferences utimately come down to the same item builds/playstyles. That's where the items come in. There is just not enough item build variety (as far as I can see). Actually, I take that back, there is build variety. However, all the buildsfeelthe same in the end.All that being said, this is a really good game that you can just fire up and enjoy. There is no pressure to win, to play flawlessly. There are no screaming 11 year olds who ""swear on me ded mums grev"" that they'll report me just because I play the game for fun. If you like Isaac and Nuclear Throne, give this game a chance. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,248820,11330771,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,barefootguy88,Reeeeally cool game.Controls are a little uncomfortable when you want to run in a direction and shoot in the other (and you can just do this with a controller) and the early phases of grinding might discourage you from starting a new playthrough since they're (obviously) pretty slow.But this game is inspired and very rewarding.How badass are you after destroying an army of t-rex-like-beasts?! HOW!!?!A lot.
76561198079608432,Recommended,248820,32082915,Posted: 31 May,all,Giuseppe,Hard but funwould buy again. atleast like 3 times.
,Recommended,248820,15192488,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Daddy,"101/10 my friend carried me to victory, still had fun."
,Recommended,248820,27963338,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Cap of Weird,"Risk of Rain starts out with your character crash-landing on a hostile planet. You then have to fend off lizards, lave worms, giant rock monsters, and more while gathering items to power yourself up in a futile attempt to survive. (Hint: You will die. Painfully.)Pros:12 different charactersTons of original itemsRandom lay-outs for each runMultiplayerCons:High difficulty (But it's a fun hard. Only a con if you like easy games)Possible chance to rage-quit"
76561197992422460,Recommended,248820,15313696,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,FuSoYa,"Not easy in the least, but very well made. Great levels and enemy variety. Very well done sprites. Classes and abilities are perfect and feel powerful.Really large cache of items... that Stack! (like if you get an item that randomly shoots missiles when you fire, you can get it again and it stacks the effects)My first win was last night and took me 85min. (I got confused on the last level for ~25min. lol) Even so, it was VERY satisfying and i was proud. (even on so called 'easy')Great game, highly recommended.*EDIT*Forgot to mention the killer soundtrack! It's so perfect for this game."
,Recommended,248820,32100191,Posted: 31 May,all,Covfefe,"This game is too simple to be this much fun.  Buy four copies, give three to your friends, play together and thank me later."
76561198066241654,Recommended,248820,31759815,Posted: 14 May,all,Kakos,"Fun game.Good platformer, amazing rogue-lite.There are a fair number of playable characters, with their own abilities, and a good deal of enemies.The single player is amazing. There is an immense amount of replayability.Local multiplayer is good, but players share a single screen, so people need to choose characters roughly around the same speed levels & divvy up speed items fairly when they drop....that can be annoying for obvious reasons.Online multiplayer is amazing, just as great as single player, but it can be a little weird to set up. It isn't a premade/matchmaking system like a lot of games. The host needs to port forward and possibly allow for the use of certain ports in firewall settings. There are several good, easy guides on how to do this, but if you know you aren't any good with computers.....it's gonna suck. Please do not get the game for online multiplayer if you or one of your friends is not comfortable with this type of setup.With that being said, I highly recommend it for its simplistic, yet detailed and high skill-cap gameplay.P.S. If you get it, look up how to get the COMMAND artifact and GLASS artifact. Makes unlocking a lot of the characters and other artifacts way easier. Also, if you don't like a character in single player and then decide to play with a bud....it might be worth it to try that character again. A lot of them get immensely better because they play more of a supporting role, or need someone to support them a little to set up some massive damage nukes *cough* sniper *cough*"
,Recommended,248820,21243268,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Sperctical,spam like the end of the world will slap you if you dont
,Recommended,248820,22233842,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,wow azir lowkey thicc,"A nice little game to play if you want to kill time. Collecting all the characters is fun and the game has some pretty solid replayability. All the items to collect and use and enemies to fight are quite interesting, too."
,Recommended,248820,22742967,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Mighty Lucky Goat,"Hello, i have recently found a bug as you can see in a linkhttps://youtu.be/6uCFM-0O820This game has some Binding of isaac and some+sort of bullet hellwith the wide range of characters with different abilities, a huge section of weapons and items, different stratergies for different characters, trying to manage a huge crowd of rushing unique enemies, The art is really nice, the soundtrack is really relaxed,but this isnt for noob you gotta know what your doing or youre boned unless u have a good strat but lets be honest have you ever seen a noob with a good strategy?"
,Recommended,248820,8861283,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,jpallstar,"I would suggest this game to anyone who loves to challenge themselve. This game makes you think abit more in a strategic way. You have to make sure that you dont spend too much time on one level but also sacrifice the time to look for items and powerups. The only bad thing is that in order to play online  you need a server :O. But other than that, its an awesome game."
,Recommended,248820,22570204,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,TZero,"Risk of Rain, alongside Spelunky, the Binding of Isaac and FTL were singlehandedly the reason why roguelites became popular in mainstream video gaming.Risk of Rain offers a lot more than just it's legacy though:Beautiful pixel art,diverse and varied characters,tons of items and synergies,a timer that increases difficulty over time,online and local co-op,and an amazing soundtrack.It does however suffer from a high entry difficulty ( like the Souls games) which is easily over come but it might discourage those who it catches unaware."
,Recommended,248820,23849489,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,snep(機械),"This game is officially Peemstar ™ approved.Peemstar says that this game was an official bomb for himand his fellow mates. He thoroughly enjoyed every bitof this splendid cluster♥♥♥♥ of gun bullets shooting everywhere.He also says that if part 2 gets released with pepsi cola upgrades,he will be most delighted.Peemstar approved 10/10"
,Recommended,248820,8069963,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Rush,"Risk of Rain is a 2d action platformer and has some resemblence to binding of isaac item wise. Where all the levels are the same everytime you play but the items are random. What seperates risk of rain to other 2d action platformers and makes it unique is the difficulty scale. How it works is there is no easy, medium or hard it is based on time at the start the game will start of easy but once you play more it will get difficult. This is a really great feature which stops people going back to easy levels to get more gold. There are many challenges to complete to unlock new characters with there own special features which makes each of the characters unique to play as and make you have to change you game style to suit the character your playing which adds a lot of fun to the game. What I think this game wants you to do is not just rush to complete it but see how long you surive and how much money you get at the end. I would diffently recommend this to play price is a bit steep for a game like this at £6.99 but I can look pass it due to the play back value which wants me to beat my last highscore. I rate this 7/10 would recommend if you want to try something new."
,Recommended,248820,14165591,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,dibbsGG,Don't normally like roguelikes but this has me hooked.10/10
76561198053492396,Recommended,248820,8358177,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,ѕριcувυllfrog,"Risk of rain is one of those games where you can play it 400 times and still have a different experience. however i was slightly dissapointed that the levels themselves are almost always the same. i really like the music and the gameplay, but i have not been able to do the multiplayer. bummer. anyways there are tons of items to unlock and over 9 classes to unlock. i'd say 7/10"
76561198071295510,Recommended,248820,16970485,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,790,200 hours and I'm still doing a weekly run of this game - and it's still fun.
,Recommended,248820,16981537,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Dr Zicter,"Makes you feel like you're taking on an impossible task, but that makes the feeling all the better when you win"
,Recommended,248820,10163348,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Ulric,Great game if you like roguilikes. Lots of replayability with the large amount of characters and hidden items there are to find.
,Recommended,248820,22894377,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Noedell,"Replayability 10Music 10Powerups 10Enemies 10Action 10Bosses 9Gameplay 9There are a few bugs here and there. Today I got stuck INSIDE a wall on the map ""Sunken Tomb"" with the Huntress after sinking to the bottom of the map. I got teleported inside the walls and couldn't escape (blinking didn't work as you cannot blink trough walls) so I had to cancel my run :( Some other run earlier one entire map was just NO CLIP. I kept falling trough the map. This was stage 1 starting a fresh run. bugs like these are annoying. Minor bugs like floating chests are uncommon. This happend May 2016. Overall still a very VERY nice game!"
76561198032754371,Recommended,248820,10928475,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Prof. Hoots,"Well what can I say, Here is a miniture action hero game that has its own little touches that really kicks you in the face. Thsi game bring beauty to low resolution games. Pixel art never looked better. and to top it off the gameplay and random item variety really give this game an edge for excitment and difficlty. I am proud to say that this is one of the few games that I would take the time to type this out for because I really enjoyed singleplayer and  co-op because they both have some differenced to bring to the table. Overall I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,248820,7905891,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,HALCYON DAYS,Spend 40+ minutes of your free time walking left and right picking♥♥♥♥♥♥up and zapping aliens becoming the ultimate badass alien slayer and dying at the drop of a dime when the Overloading Magma Worm spawns.9/10
76561198050290421,Recommended,248820,14270242,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Neanderthales,"I looked at this game and tried the demo (its availabel on their site), i tought it would be a little game that i would spend a bit of time and go on, or a roguelike that I would eventually get mad at my deaths and then stop playing.I was wrong...This game is as fun as it is addicting, each game is different, if you eventually get bored with a character there are others you just unlucked to play, the timer gives you a huge sense of urgency (due to the game dificulty getting higher and higher with it) making every game exciting, as soon as you start to get the moves of the mobs an elite spawn and makes your life a hell (maybe even ending it) and even if there are not that many types of bosses they are enough to pain you even more when they begin to spawn even if you did not trigger the teleporter.And, if all that isnt enough, there are artifacts that change the gameplay, making the game a lot diferent: one makes ALL mobs spawn as elite, one that makes mobs drop items and removes chests, another that gives you 5x damage but divide your health by 10 and another that makes mobs explode on death (bringing fear of melee, to your melee character.I really enjoy this game (yes, not enjoyed, im not done playing this game just yet!) and wish the developers continue to expand it and make it more and more versatile."
76561198031955391,Recommended,248820,8200828,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Zescase,"Risk of Rain is a fun game that will occupy your time for a good half hour minimum; when playing with friends in co-op you'll spend even more time on it.Definitely recommended, perhaps not at full price though. Get it while it's on sale."
76561198030123832,Recommended,248820,15841030,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,bloodmancer,"Risk of Rain is a passable addition to what I like to think of as the 'randomized indie' pantheon of games, joining titles like Binding of Isaac, Dungeons of Dredmor and Cave Story (the latter of which RoR totally feels like, down to the eerie music and exotic weaponry). The player progresses through a series of semi-randomly generated maps, mowing down all enemies in their path until they reach the titutar spaceship and escape the hazardous planet they have literally been dropped on.Pros: Each playable character feels unique, which can be a tall order in games like this. The Bandit and Commando are similar, but one has AoE and the other has knockback; HAND-E and the Merc are similar, but one has evasion and the other has healing (and nothing is really like Acrid or CHEF at all). The in-game monsters are adorable and intimidating all in one., supplemented by a gloriously presented bestiary and item log. The items combo spectacularly and there is a real sense of satisfaction as you learn the various combos and modes that the game allows you to overlay onto your experience. Games can last as long or be as short as you like. CO-OP MODE. WITH CONTROLLERS. THAT ISN'T FINICKY TO SET UP.Cons: After a few games, replaying the first levels are like pulling teeth, and it is totally possible to reach what I like to think of as the Point of Owning: for Drizzle difficulty, it's a row of items; for Rainstorm, it's two, and for Monsoon it's three rows. Once you've reached that point, the game becomes a little more trivial for the experienced platformer. The game is not even remotely balanced around Artifact of Glass or drones, even if both are insanely entertaining. Drones are also the usual culprit for screen tearing or lag, which this game has a ton of once you get a heap of items (the last possible time you'd want to lag after all that investment). The Steam achievements are very buggy and pointblank refuse to update; nor are they very reflective of the actual achievements the game offers.I give this game a 8/10 for solo controller play. If you have somebody to play with who's close to you in skill level, I'd bump that up to a 9. Simply fun."
76561198055579125,Recommended,248820,15243717,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Klassy Kat,I love this game randomly generated rouge like with a very unique play style. Punishing and hard. Lots of unlockable characters that completely change the game.  Great for local and online multi player.
76561198156603504,Recommended,248820,15775432,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Fr1ZeR,this game is fun ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t9/11
,Recommended,248820,7692047,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,Mystifier,"Surviavlist-style roguelike/platformer mix. Excellent game, with enough replayability and variety, with random worlds and spawns. Work to get to the teleporter and beat the boss, but be careful, every 5 minutes you waste makes the game more difficult!"
,Recommended,248820,9931236,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,generalanders,This game is awesome :) Especially after you unlock a few guys and play multi.
,Recommended,248820,9794908,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Gilly Star,Honestly my fav game of all time. I have had this game for over a year and i find my self going back and playing this game all the time. I has brought me hours of fun alone and with friends! i highly recomend this game to anyone! it is easy to play and extreamly fun. IGN 666/666
76561198027862989,Recommended,248820,10805144,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,CheesMainSqueezVonVeez,Fun with friends.
76561198054807451,Recommended,248820,7822886,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,TheBadEnd,"Really cool 2d shooting platform randomized game, I'd give it a play or two, or ten"
76561197994208181,Recommended,248820,7809620,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,jameswillpwnz,One of the most Fun indie games i have ever played :P
,Recommended,248820,7812525,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Tarxan,so good
,Recommended,248820,7804076,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Wazuzu,"The game is brilliant. The most pleasant gaming experience I ever had in 2013.The music is extremely pleasing, the graphics are very stylish and pretty, the gameplay is moderately difficult (with an option of being even harder), lots of unlocks, lots of randomness involved - one of the best time-killers ever!"
76561198067942547,Recommended,248820,7806349,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Ebravs,GAME IZ FUN
,Recommended,248820,7806912,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,clouy,Truely the hardest and one of the best games I have ever played. Amazing and intense gameplay. Great art style. 10/10 I LOVE THIS GAME!
,Recommended,248820,7766984,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,YSEByy,Great game.Great Character synergy.Great replay options.Great level difficulty.Nice visuals.10/10 Game. What could i add more.
76561197974965249,Recommended,248820,8118776,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Annihilism,"If you like roguelike action platformers than this is the game for you!You start out as a commando on an alien planet where your ship has crashed. You are the sole survivor and your goal is to defeat the final boss. The game features stages in which you have to progress to meet the final boss. You look for a teleporter in each stage and defeat the boss that spawns from it, while you are doing this multiple mobs spawn untill the timer runs out from the portal. When all the minions and the boss are dead you can go on to the next stage and fight more spawning enemies and a boss. There is a catch to all this however, the longer you take to complete a level the harder it gets. You can choose for either finding every last item in the level and try to become as powerfull as possible or to rush everything and hope you can keep up with the difficulty. If you die however you need to start from scratch.During the time you take to complete a level you earn lots of credits which you can spend on loot shrines, chests or gambling machines. Some levels also have loot spawners on which you can spend health (which can be really dangerous if you are squishy). In these loot containers you will find many great items like rocket launchers, bazookas, extra health etc. which all work passively. You can also find use items that have a very powerfull ability with a cooldown.I really like this game, the replay value is incredible and as you progress through stages and playthroughs you unluck more and more items and characters. My latest unlock was the sniper which is a very tough but fun class to play. I can definitely reccomend this game to anyone who likes roguelike platformers. This game is also very nice to play with a gamepad that has a decent D-Pad (like one of the many SNES like controller on ebay).The game can be extremely difficult (though there are some classes wich are really easy to play like the huntress) but very rewarding and does not get boring even after finishing it. It really feels like an old school 8-bit platformer.I wrote this review about a year ago and still play the game to this day. No matter how often I play it, each playthrough feels unique because of the items you find and that is really strong point of this game.Definitely one of the beste roguelike games I have ever played!"
76561198041816891,Recommended,248820,8098516,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Azure Shadow,A very fun rogue-like with a very decent amount of replay ability. Definatly reccomend this to anyone thats not Devin... (Someone who absolutely hates platformers and perma death)
,Recommended,248820,8165852,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,wedge,Que plataformer sensacional!
76561198065097897,Recommended,248820,8206147,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,grimmyboi,"Risk of Rain is just great. Its VERY hard on singleplayer but a little easier on multiplayer. music is great! I highly reccomend it because its fun, challenging, etc etc etc!"
76561197983904398,Recommended,248820,8201050,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Lilith Aensland,"Whoooooooooooooooooooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa etc. This game ain't playing around, son. You want to shoot weird things? Check. You want a game that gets harder as you play it? Check number two. You want to get random item drops that strongly affect the flow of the game and your chances at surviving a long time? CHECK MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING PLUS MINUS TRIPLE, DAWG. Risk of Rain is awesome and I probably already bought it for you lol SO WHY AREN'T YOU PLAYING IT?!"
76561197968675805,Recommended,248820,8240284,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,MMZ>Slim,Super good game! Especially for the price. Awesome pixel graphics and creative use of color and animation to give the minimal graphics life.
,Recommended,248820,8243797,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Betis,"Really well done! Fun, challenging, and very replayable! Can't wait to try it with friends."
,Recommended,248820,8253107,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,BlueFuel,"I am truly enjoying this little gem.  It looks a lot like Terreria, but instead of building and landscaping, you are out to survive.  I have not played with friends yet and can only guess that having friends enhances the fun factor of this game.  Definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,248820,8048126,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Wear,Absolutly amazingNo doubt a must-buy
76561198263505728,Recommended,248820,27462983,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,isjusgeme,i want THIS game but a new story because it is so good that i died inside when i finish the game
,Recommended,248820,27348390,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Koiran,THE ♥♥♥♥ING JELLYFISH
,Recommended,248820,14889875,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,rafl,So how about that blighted clay-man?
,Recommended,248820,20634095,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Herobotic,"I spent a lot of time dying in this. Then I won! Once or twice. Then I stopped playing. And now I've gone back to dying in this, and I still enjoy dying in this."
,Recommended,248820,20168677,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Beastlinator,"honestly sad this game doesn't have DLC as I'd buy the hell out of it!This is one of my favourite game on Steam and would recommend it to anyone, Can produce an infinite amount of playtime single-player with a good rewards system and being a rogue-like and all, however where the game shines is with friends, fighting over items and trying to build an almost ""team-comp"" with what items are given you. then the artifacts(?) act as a combination of Halo Skulls and new game modes and can produce another infinite amount of fun.The controls are tight and feel nice with a keyboard or controller which is needed for such fast-paced gameplay.10/10let me buy a sequel or DLC please!"
76561198001171439,Recommended,248820,20641425,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Torg,Worth it.
,Recommended,248820,20642976,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,rival,4/5 - high quality
,Recommended,248820,20659226,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Solid Mansouri,Risk of Rain ? what rain ?-0/10 not even a drop of watar
,Recommended,248820,20677264,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,ImTwister,This game is worth the time and money.
,Recommended,248820,21886644,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,robovelcrow,"This game is bloody hard to begin with, but as you get used to/unlock more characters, and gradually build up your skill and getting new characters, it gets a bit easier.Then you unlock the Command artifact and now you actually have a chance at comlpeting the game.But at no point, even when it was bloody hard, did it ever stop being fun.Worth every penny/cent/whatever you pay for this."
76561198035416679,Recommended,248820,7855559,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Riphphraphph Phish,So so so fun
,Recommended,248820,19701100,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Swallow that Log,"For anyone looking for a game thats fun with friends and can run pretty well on any lower end PCs, Risk of Rain is a fantastic choice, especially for those who enjoy brutal rogue-likes.Set in a science-fiction scenario, you play as one of the plentiful characters and fight off waves of monstrous alien creatures with unique fight patterns and stats. There are many secrets and collectibles to unlock and alter gameplay. Controls are cohesive and easy to figure out and remember, and the graphical style of the game is unique and pleasant.My only criticism is that unfortunately there are a few too many bugs for this game to be completely polished.In summary, Risk of Rain is an enjoyable game with great visuals that perfect to pick up and play with a group of buddies."
,Recommended,248820,19884879,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,yoda,jellyfish simulator
,Recommended,248820,19885193,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Welpwhynot,I'm bad at video games but gosh dang do I love getting 'owned' in this one
,Recommended,248820,20020470,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Ranger,How to collect the rain.Step 1: Tape plastic cups right under your eyes.Step 2: Play the game.And in no time you will have lots of rain.
,Recommended,248820,20042436,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Hazmatt,This game is hard.  Good podcast activity though!
76561198150180495,Recommended,248820,20113049,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,ainaki 7,"This game has awesome soundtrack, and I love it. Its much like Nuclear Throne and Binding Of Isaac. And its great how it goes harder every second. I recommend this game to guys who like good sound tracks, challenges and shooting. Buy it now!"
,Recommended,248820,19457439,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Profilowy,Nice and hard game
,Recommended,248820,19296938,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,nitiramen,"I was already conquered while watching the trailer. I had some hard time to be used to the gameplay but now I completly like that game. Simple but yet fluid and addictive. The pixel graphisms make the game more digest. If you want to have some fun, I definitely recommend you to play that game. #nitiReview#"
,Recommended,248820,19368281,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Stella Mira,"I love you too, Magma Worms."
,Recommended,248820,15231377,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,aglassop,Became a god that shot rockets out a lot and my bullets always exploded. Was killed by a Jellyfish. 10/10
,Recommended,248820,11403325,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,ave,I don't even think it ends up raining.This game is lies.
76561198136516138,Recommended,248820,11265315,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Sohwagi,Such a fun game. Made it to the boss three times in a row on monsoon. COuldn't beat him.
,Recommended,248820,10720792,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Crimson Style,"It rained blood, title is not a sham."
76561198065581117,Recommended,248820,15765003,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,StompOnYourFace!!!!,a rouglike 2d si fi themed tourture device10/10
,Recommended,248820,11346233,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Arkeo,"Has a lot more variety when it comes to combat compared to many other entries in the rogue-lite genre. However far more luck-based and has a lot of issues that will drive you crazy, such as-Bad framerates at high-end gfx cards-Port-forward requirement-People who can't play as a team-Separate character restrictions on multi-player-Extreme lag-fests on later levels-Controller issues"
76561198052904117,Recommended,248820,12990841,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Firezappy,"This game is great, it makes me purr with content. I have a good time playing it with my fellow felines."
76561197993353283,Recommended,248820,10144100,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,TurtleFishGuy,Very fun
,Recommended,248820,13346195,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Bar4911,"This is a fantastic game! i was in love with it before, then there were 2 updates adding more content i didn't even know about! this game has tons of replay value"
,Recommended,248820,14315911,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Face,"This is the dopest game to play with your friends. Although you have to port forward, its great. Multiple characters and an excellent amount of enemys makes this game entertaining and fun. I would reccomend this game when it goes on sale duuuudes"
,Recommended,248820,12254892,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Zenex Azure,"Risk of Rain... oh boy what a game this is. You're ship is attacked by this stange figure and you crash land on this hostile planet. You play as one of the survivors of this crash to fight off the opposition and escape the planet.I'll say this right now, you're first few times playing this will result in painful deaths. The difficulty is mostly based on how long the game progresses. The longer you play, the harder it gets. It goes from Very Easy to HAHAHAHAHA.Seriously, it does, and it still humors me.There will be a bunch of chests you will find to upgrade your character, and there's a lot in this one. There are also quite a few to unlock. Unlocking the other characters is quite satisfying, and using them is a fun experience, having to go with a completely different playstyle just to adapt. There are also artifacts you can find to change up the rules of the game. Don't want to fight alone? You can play couch co-op or go online with three othere friends. Just be prepared to bring out your IP if you want to host.In conclusion, I give this the thumbs up of greatness and recommend it to anyone looking for a challenge. Just don't be surprised if you get swarmed."
76561198043433136,Recommended,248820,12210445,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,UristMcNuggies,I hope you're not a lonely loser cause you need to play this with friends.
76561198092990785,Recommended,248820,15684183,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Oompa Loompa,I find this game very emotional for some reason.
,Recommended,248820,15701752,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Jupac,there is a maplestory reference in the game. 11/10
76561198106035237,Recommended,248820,10161090,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Savage,"This game has an amazing OST, nice visuals, basic platforming added into the mix, very vague but slightly intriguing lore.Risk of Rain is one of those Rogue-likes that's hard to get mad at, it is a mercilessly punishing game, Rainstorm or Monsoon can destroy you before you get going but reward you well with unlocks and relics.The characters are fun and varied with some nice item combinations and abilities, each with perks over the other. Items are pretty fun to use, unless it's spikestrip, the worst item in the game, which is a fact.Overall, a good game to try out if you like Rogue-like games, if not, might still be worth having a go."
76561198066406355,Recommended,248820,10965037,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,bongog,Hai and balls ♥♥♥♥ing suck at thisrain/10
76561197964731194,Recommended,248820,15004084,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,CriBz**,So addictive after my first five deaths i put my controller down cursed the game and vowed never to return. Ten minutes later i was back playing and making progress all be it slowly.Stick your AAA games with 5 hours of gameplay back on the shelf and purchase risk of rain you won't regret it.
76561198010786164,Recommended,248820,8350613,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Trapper Keeper,"This game is incredibly excellent.Class diversity, a rich, full setting, lots of cooperative fun, and a difficulty curve that empowers the player rather than punishing needlessly.A really great game.Also only terrorists hate this game. They have too much dichonomy"
76561197985131433,Recommended,248820,7637815,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,msd,"Upon a first runthrough, I'm really digging it! Good pace of action, and the game doesn't hold your hand. Definitely a co-op experience first and foremost."
76561198032095974,Recommended,248820,7755620,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Xavier Hevertop,Man I never get tired by playing this game. Its fun and difficult as hell. the first 4 - 6 houres of game time you will have a hard time playing this game seeing that you are missing alot of items. but after some time you will unlock new characters and amazing Items. every character Is Way different then the other. monsters are wierd and fun. bosses are sometimes to easy to defeat after you played the game for a while. i haven't personly completed the game but i sure as hell have tried to.I would give it a  8 out of 10!
,Recommended,248820,7724393,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,SpookySurprise,"Best $9.99 spent ever.Great gameplay, decent challenge, and an amazing soundtrack.Oh, it also has co-op.Basically GotY."
76561198054617656,Recommended,248820,7726815,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,kid Charlamagne,2d roguelike that offers fun action and beautiful pixel art graphics
,Recommended,248820,7701514,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,Urzzza,You will die!
76561198021317115,Recommended,248820,7707731,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,Entoma,"Risk of Rain is absolutely amazing, the soundtrack is incredibly compelling, the humour of the game is funny but doesn't get stale and the gameplay is brilliant, I'd certainly recommend this game to others."
,Recommended,248820,7714222,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,Smorc the Orc,"Risk of Rain (RoR) is all about having fun. You could cheat everything or play and earn it. i would suggest playing it because you will enjoy it. Seriously you won't regret it. it just has all these details and it looks so simple which makes the game so much fun to play. You need to unlock new characters, items, and unlock achievements. which takes quite a while. Also you can play online up to 4 players, really fun but the only thing when you play online is that you won't unlock any characters in a map. MY rating of Risk of Rain so far is an 8/10 -Noko"
76561198064285079,Recommended,248820,7653848,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Ken Waifu,"Honestly one of the most enjoyable games I have played in a long while. Essentially a 2 dimensional platforming The Binding of Isaac. Great value, great game."
,Recommended,248820,7684229,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Captain Frankincense,no rain? 10/10
,Recommended,248820,7890194,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Exxion,"I don't even understand how you can stop playing this.EDIT: OK, while the new update added tons of cool new content, it also added bugs. Bad bugs.First, if you accidentally tab out, you have to use Alt+Tab to get back in, as the window doesn't show up otherwise. Minor bug, but still annoying.Much worse is the sudden and inexplicable inability to jump. Sometimes when you land on a platform, you will be rendered unable to jump until you fall and land again.Oh, and the game is horrendously optimized, but as the graphics are simple, it's not too laggy.Despite its (now numerous) flaws, it is still a great game."
,Recommended,248820,9274873,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Arisonas,there isnt even a single speck of rain in this game why even bother playing 0/10
,Recommended,248820,9109980,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Alastair,"This game is absolutely amazing! Awesome pixel graphics, fantastic soundtrack, combat is fast and intense. Lots of replay value. It's a lot of fun!Setting up an online multiplayer game is a pain at the moment, hope it will get it's own dedicated lobby in the future. Full controller support would have been nice.8/10"
,Recommended,248820,9113834,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Noah,"One of the best Rougelikes out there, if you don't already have it, get it."
,Recommended,248820,9069819,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Ring,"""You have died.""""This planet has killed you.""""They will surely feast on your flesh.""""Your family will never know how you died.""Get used to reading these over and over and over."
,Recommended,248820,14952553,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Horny Thot,:D
,Recommended,248820,11116954,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,asap Peakdaddy,wot a cool guy
,Recommended,248820,11045474,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,ass,"It's like DOTA, the Binding of Isaac and Metroid had a threesome on the NES and used the Mario franchise as birth control10/10"
,Recommended,248820,10690810,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,R2dTom,"Challenging and at times a brutal.But a fair game, as I never felt cheated when I failed miserably...because it was from my own mistakes.If you are willing to give it time and hone your skills getting past that one stage you cnnot pass can be incredibly satisfying and rewarding.Definitely more fun with friends, as you feel like a small army through long runs and mixing up classes can give the game that much more depth and dynamics.If you aren't put off by the rogue-like permadeath elements you will become entralled with the beautiful visual style, fantastic soundtrack and oh so addictive gameplayJust buy it."
,Recommended,248820,10624510,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,AlexHöbbes#GeorgeBushCowBoyMan,can't get off level 1. 9 out of 11 great game
,Recommended,248820,13742300,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Waifu,"Extremely addictive. You'll find yourself playing this game for hours on end.First of all, Risk of Rain is a platformer with roguelike elements that never gets old. Every new game you start will be different from the last one you played.Now, Personally I really loved this game because of its genre: survival-esque combined with perk-gathering. Your goal is to survive for as long as possible through levels while opening chests containing perks (items that will 'boost' your character, whether it be a goat hoof that increases your movement speed to a flask of liquid that boosts your health regen, there are just a ton of different items with different abilities).As for gameplay, the game itself isn't that hard. It only takes about 90 minutes, give or take, to beat the game, solo. But what makes you come back to it are all the unlockable items, classes and artifacts that completely change a game that you think would be unchangable.This the perfect game for fans of survival/scavenging/platformer -esque games10/10 do recommendDamn I suck at writing stuff"
,Recommended,248820,10027636,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,TheAimGames,"One of the best 8-bit games I've played out there. Risk of Rain is addictive, yet challenging. The difficulty of the game increases the longer you're playing it. I managed to beat the game with my 2 friends and it was awesome! I recommend this game to those who are up for the challenge!"
,Recommended,248820,16109953,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,🎃Okami_Oppop🎃,"11/10 I cri and rage everytime.Love this game SO great, the it fricking sends in triple 3000 heath magma worms early second level on easy. WHY CRUEL GAMEMAKERS!?!?!?"
,Recommended,248820,15796065,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,orca_thekilleR,Literally stole the game for $2.00. Would've bought for $9.99.
76561198113873822,Recommended,248820,15554157,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,meep,bit rainy out.
76561198069152762,Recommended,248820,10011870,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,MidxNite,"Hard, addictive and fun"
76561198119478966,Recommended,248820,15499435,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Yeah,"Great game but never hit ""X"" instead of ""Y"""
,Recommended,248820,15966855,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,MasterPenguin5,"There's honestly only 3 things anyone needs to know about this game:1. Only 5 levels2. Infinite replay value3. The ""Rain"" is actually your tearsI could quite literally play this game for hours."
,Recommended,248820,15860514,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,SeasAndTheQuote,"I actually paid money to fail couple of exams, would buy again"
,Recommended,248820,15257565,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,★Rayniku,"I'm having a difficult time trying to find any negatives about this amazing, Rogue-Like arcade style game.ANYWAYSRisk of Rain is a breathe of fresh air amongst the Rogue-Like games out. It's art style is absolutely crazy good, I've never seen any other pixelated game manipulate particles like I've seen in this. The statistics that exist in this add that this isn't just your every-day arcade game, it's in-game difficulty, characters, secrets, enemies and weapons/items just make it inevitibly impossible to NOT play.====================================To summarize, The positives;+Amazing pixel graphics & art style+Intriguing control & attack system+Unlockable characters & items/weapons+Annoying enemies fun to kill+Full of exploration and secrets, unique difficulty clock & levels with a money system involved+Rogue-Like game, addictive in the end+It's always different, every playthrough you make====================================And the negatives;-Very difficult at first, which usually turns people off unless they're unwilling to be challenged.-Some parts of the game seem very difficult, unless you try your hardest.-It takes a LOT of time to get through levels/areas, which is sometimes not really a negative.-It gets crazy near the end & it'll take a lot to survive, which actually may not be a negative.====================================Overall, do yourself a favour and buy this game. I promise you will not regret the decision. Absolutely everything is perfectly made in this, making it a must-buy."
,Recommended,248820,10570793,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Alpha_Cookie,"One of the best rougelikes out there right now. It appears hard, but once you get going and learn your characters moves, it's easy to get into the flow of things and before you realize it there's 30 magma worms. 20 Scavengers, you're bringing the engine to the point of crashing, and it's the most fun you'll have all week."
,Recommended,248820,16148163,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Your Royal Spookiness,"Playing this game, there is one boss that I have consistent trouble with.The Magma Worm.In the stats screen, it shows that the Magma Worm is my nemesis.  The game knows that the Magma Worm is the bane of my existence.Near the end of one of my runs, it sends four Magma Worms at me.At once.And one of them was electric.I have officially concluded that Risk of Rain has become sentient and has realized how much it truly despises me.10/10"
,Recommended,248820,14830776,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,God Dammit Nanako,"Games rarely cause me physical pain. Sometimes I may get mad at a glitch or a hard boss fight, but even dark souls never really made my mind concave and break a nearby window. Risk of Rain is like a grandma serial killer. The outside looks serene and peaceful while as soon as you get to know them it's already too late. After 5 minutes the game took a 180 degree turn into chaos filled fight for my life as high level enemies horded me from all directions. Pause for a second and you're dead, think about pausing and you're dead, dont pause and well you're still dead. The game constantly climbs in difficulty and offers little to no padding in tough situations, I.E. fighting 8 bosses at once. But the feeling you get when you annihilate 80+ enemies in seconds is euphoric. The challenge is real and the combat is addictive. When dying I feel like breaking a nearby sofa in half, but instead the anger reels me right back into the game for another round of abuse. I love it, and if you want to feel challenged drink some bleach. If you want a challenge play this game.DED/10 Would Play Again"
,Recommended,248820,14930651,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Quaxton_Hale,it's ok
76561198121522458,Recommended,248820,15207717,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Salih von Stroheim,So i just got the game at the discount is is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing i love it already. But my only problem is that i cant seem to acces multiplayer when you try to join a game it freezes and then a black screen appears with a option: Force item sharing.I think its annoying cuz the main reason i bought the game was to play multiplayer. i even bought my friend the game not that i regret it but its annoying.
,Recommended,248820,15212011,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,BoundlessCombat,GG
,Recommended,248820,20911807,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Blumog,"Once you are heavily armed and upgraded this little game becomes very addictive!A lot of different weapons, items, enemies, giant bosses and playable characters guarantees the long-term motivation of this fun platform shooter. The soundtrack fits in perfectly. Gamepad recommended!I really like this indie pearl... it is a great little game and so far I only played SP = wasn't able to try the co-op mode until now. Thumbs up for Risk of Rain! :)"
76561198124923875,Recommended,248820,16627735,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,DropFox,it good
76561198102127830,Recommended,248820,16624871,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,GemV,Rain so hard even the thirstiest Pearl could be quenched by it. 10/10
,Recommended,248820,16559265,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,404HattyNotFound,"Step 1: Get MissilesStep 2: MISSILES MISSILES MISSILES MISSILESStep 3: Oh it's been 3 hours already okStep 4: Kill Final Boss with all your missilesStep 5: ""I've Got 20 mins let's play a game""Step 6: Go Back To step 1  and Repeat9001/42 Would Over Play a this game again"
,Recommended,248820,16554015,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Ziv,5/5I love this game!
,Recommended,248820,8158466,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,southoftheborder,Risk of addiction. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,248820,8776467,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,J0HN_L0CKE,"Decent game to play for spurts of 10 mins... but the ""rouglelike"" genre might just not be my cup of tea. earl grey. hot."
76561198064520024,Recommended,248820,11467366,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,H377,The Edge of Tomorrow: The Video GameYou will die a lot.
,Recommended,248820,13628027,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,pish,"This game is pretty fun for killing time. It's also pretty entertaining to gather all of the collectables. I reccomend this game for those who enjoy permadeath games. One fall of this game is that it's hard to learn and a bit easy to master: it took me about 10-15 games to learn and figure out what I was actually doing, but once I did that the rest was easy. All in all 4/5."
76561198106025226,Recommended,248820,14110617,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,13Eb37,"I love this game and will never stop playing it.I have beaten this game many time but not every time I try it and thats was I really enjoy it. I have only been playing it solo and me and my friend just started playing together :). This was one of the game I got when I first made a steam account and I still play it like it is brand new. I high reccomend this game because:1) There is lots of Items to find and unlock2) The maps change up so you want always see the same thing (note I said always)3) There are different playable characters to chose from, with there own abilities.4) I keep saying ""ONE MORE TRY"" xD5) I can play solo and still have fun6) Its a never ending game (If you chose it that way)7) Very Very challegingThere is only one thing I don't like about this game that dose make me mad:1) YOU NEED TO OPEN A PORT TO PLAY ONLINE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,248820,15522175,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,FrankPie,"Really good game, however the multiplayer is difficult to set up and it would be a lot easier if you could just use Steam join game. Needs improvements but a great game otherwise."
,Recommended,248820,16506649,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,wtf,"If you think Dark Souls is difficult, try RoR."
,Recommended,248820,15032919,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Matty G,"Risk of Rain is a game somewhat comparable to The Binding of Isaac in that you collect mostly passive items and activated ones to kill things while finding your way to the next stage, and the only thing you can get out of a failed run are more unlocked items and characters you may have earned. It also features online co-op as well as local play.Without the use of the in-game artifacts you can discover during gameplay, the game feels slow as ♥♥♥♥ as you and your friends will most likely end up kiting enemies all the time. However, the Glass artifact makes the players' damage output actually tolerable and lowers starting health enough for a fair compromise, and therefore makes the game much more enjoyable by making both the player and every enemy able to die much faster.By default players have to improvise by finding randomized items because enemies get (slightly) tougher every passing minute on the game clock, and money found from containers and dead enemies is required to open chests containing these, though it may also be spent on reactivating any heal/attack drones around that might be of use or trying your luck at shrines. For such an important mechanic of the base game's gameplay, it is interesting thatthe use of artifacts can gut all of this out completely;Command allows players to cherrypick items they want (even supposedly locked items!), and chests/shrines/drones can be removed in favor for enemies having a chance of dropping items with Sacrifice, and Honor can force most enemies to spawn as Elites...that have a bigger chance of dropping items if a certain item is picked up. The result is that a large chunk of randomization can be exchanged for consistency if one so desires, with players spending less time finding items and rushing find the teleporter out.Perhaps the biggest problem I have is that the game certainly wasn't balanced around Glass, especially with Honor activated. This means the first two or so levels have a chance to spawn an elite version of a boss that now spews electricity, called the Overloading Magma Worm, which very easily insta-kills players using a character without any real means of dodging or negating the damage and thus quickly turns the run into a waste of time if they haven't found a good enough environment or ideal items to take them on with. It does not mean those characters are entirely useless, they just have bad odds very early on unless playing with friends that can take out the boss much faster. Thankfully, the odds for seeing a even more cruel boss that fires electricity orbs on the first few levels are lower.The game has considerable replay value, but there may not be enough variation for some. I can definitely recommend Risk of Rain to BoI fans and those who like games with similar gameplay structures."
76561198056060369,Recommended,248820,8870186,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,OG Lil Pretty Thug,That good good
,Recommended,248820,8825588,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Danny Dorito,"To be honest, I wasn't quite sure what I was getting into when I bought this game. I kind of blindly bought it when it went on sale. That being said, I love this game. I know I haven't put too much time into it, but it's still a really fun game regardless. Every time you play it, the environment is different enough where you know it's the same place, but there are obvious changes. Enemies randomly spawn so you never know when and where they're going to show up. The classes have enough variety where each one is a completely different experience. Don't even get me started on how great the soundtrack is. This game is a must have."
76561198092262858,Recommended,248820,8804072,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Sir Remington Sponge,Good ol' arcade survival fun thats challenging and a little crazy.
,Recommended,248820,8820874,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Mr. Match,"Instrustions unclear,♥♥♥♥♥♥stuck in teleporter.  Please advise. :("
,Recommended,248820,9367857,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,[TSC] Miles,Totally worth playing!
,Recommended,248820,9084371,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,The abominable snow-Rin,"I love how you don't only have one attack in it. There are ten different characters and each of them have four different abilities, 3 of which have a cooldown (there is at least one exception) while the fourth is a ""standard"" attack. They all have different ranges, damage and stuff like penetration. Every character really feels unique and not just a few statistical tweaks which really helps to make it feel varied.Another nifty detail is that the items you get stack, which means that there aren't an extreme amount of items but there are no redundant ones.I find it a bit annoying how for most characters, you always attack in the direction that you're walking but that's my only real problem with it. Otherwise, it's incredibly fun and addictive."
,Recommended,248820,9087247,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Speedwagon,"This game can be ubsurdly hard, Even on the first level and you may think to yourself ""Well if it's that hard then why even bother playing it?"" You may be right if you hate having a constant challange but for those of you who dont mind to lose orRISKripping your hair out than this game is one you shouldnt lightly pass by. The game wants you to win in the worst way and will give you the tools to do that but it will not just let you walk to the end without even a scratch. You have to make your way through the game with your character, your wits, your skill, and whatever you pickup along the way. At times this game can be terrifyingly hard or even unfair but thats what makes you want to play it even more, And when youFINALLYreach the next stage there is a sigh of relief knowing that you just made it through hell and are that much closer to victory!"
,Recommended,248820,9063421,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,GuruLou,Sweet merciful flying spaghetti monster this game is the greatest.  If you do not like this game it reflects poorly on you as a human.
76561198053772435,Recommended,248820,9056792,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Piga,This game is good and you should buy it :3
,Recommended,248820,9050479,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Ahnexia,"To start off, this game offers a lot of replay value, especially if you play with friends. It's challenging, but not to the point of complete aggravation where it doesn't become fun anymore. Despite being heavily pixel-based for the art style, it looks incredible and they went out of their way to make it interesting to look at and appreciate. There are so many items in the game that each run through could be different from the last, and each item has a completely different and impressively unique ability that makes you want to get ALL of them! It's randomized in not only items but stages too, and the variety of characters offers everyone a chance to find their destined survivor. All in all, this is an enjoyable game."
76561198099622054,Recommended,248820,8641530,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,KcJTrickster,"Risk of Rain is a game well worth the ten dollars. For this price you will recieve a game that has an interesting story, countless hours of gameplay, and something you can play with friends (without even having to buy a second copy of the game!). This game uses graphics that bring back memories of the classics, with both epic and soothing music. For those of you familiar, it gives the feel of something like an improved Dark Void game, in which the levels are more open and more powerups for you to have fun with, along with more baddies to bash. Ultimately Risk of Rain is an amazing game."
76561198047779015,Recommended,248820,8670193,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,BetaM1,"Really fun game, its always the less expensive Indie games that seem to hit the spot with high replayability factors. Theres character classes you can unlock, item unlocks, in-game and steam achievements. This game also has a badge you can obtain through the steam TCG. Ive got over 100+ hours logged so far and im not quite finished unlocking everything. Multiplayer is really competitive, a bit of a hassle to set up but its worth it. I highly recommend, especially purchasing with a friend or 2."
,Recommended,248820,8688519,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Shark Dad,"Ridiculously fun especially in multiplayer. Worth checking out if you like Spelunky, Rogue Legacy, or any other rogue-like game!"
,Recommended,248820,9134018,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Ref0rm3d,"Amazingly fun with friends. Decent amount of fun and playability alone. Love the music, it's glorious. Seriously will make you rush every single thing you do."
,Recommended,248820,9143344,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Henryo,"In short, Risk of Rain is a pixelated, permadeath, fairly difficult sci-fi shooter, but there's a lot more to it than that. First off, there are many characters to unlock and explore, each with their own unique set of abilities. There is also a massive set of weapons and perks, which will take a lot of time to find. There is even an actual campaign, which is something seemingly new to permadeath games that I haven't seen before. The fact that you are actually completing a 6 level story instead of leveling up your character until you die makes permadeath seem less punishing. Overall, this game is one of my favorite 2D permadeath games, and that's why I recommend it."
,Recommended,248820,9172534,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Joszanarky,Dont get gang♥♥♥♥♥♥♥the game.
,Recommended,248820,9169257,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Rugi,A world of challenge begins as you land onto the planet as the time ticks your death only draws nearer in a orgy of death explosions and fun  9/10.P.S Controller is not necessary but makes the gameplay far more enjoyable
,Recommended,248820,12606331,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,⸎peth,"An amazingly thought-out and very difficult game. Becomes an absolute blast when you really understand your characters playstyle. Not to mention.. THE SOUNDTRACKVERY FUN to play co-op, few games are this epic.Holy **** I finally drowned 20 whorls!Give this game a chance, highly recommended!"
,Recommended,248820,13106449,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Garish,"With all honesty,This game is hard as hell on your first run. But thats just the start of it. It makes you think ""Alright, that went wrong, but I know if I do it -enter some way here-, I can beat it!""Overall, this game is a lot of fun. The maps are randomly generated, the items can give you crazy combos, and there are artifacts you can collect to give you a whole different game experience.CO-OP also gives you a advantage against your enemies and a even crazier time with all of the sh*t that can go down.Unlockable characters also give you the sensation of, even though you probably farmed to get the character, a whole new experience.I highly recommend this game for someone who wants a challenge and variable expierence."
,Recommended,248820,15118106,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Beardingo,"Great addictive gameplay, amazing artwork, phenomenal soundtrack."
,Recommended,248820,15132831,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,spongeboy me bob,chance of precipitation
,Recommended,248820,9983989,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,The Root Of All Evil,"Rarely has a game perfected the ""one more try"" better than this. It's a steep learning curve, but it feels all the better because of it.My one criticism is that there's a doorbell sound in one of the soundtracks and it always makes me want to check if someone is there. That's probably the worst I can say about this gem.If you want an analogy...Imagine Chuckie Egg or Lode-Runner with Quake's loadout."
,Recommended,248820,7676863,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,5ean,Pretty fun game. Randomly generated levels with a good atmosphere and pace... hard as hell too
,Recommended,248820,13859071,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,fin150,i don't know why i havent already written a review for this. This game is the greatest thing ever. A bit expensive and $10 but i highly recomend it. It usually goes on sale around the winter seasons and during the steam summer sale. HIGHLY HIGHLY recomend this game. love this game to its very core!
,Recommended,248820,9440139,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,refD,"Fun, random (sometime a little too much so) and at times RSI inducing.The two things that distuinguish the game is the insane quantity of power ups and randomness, and the fundamentally different experiences provided by the 8 playable character classes.The classes each have 4 abilities, and all play fundamentally different to each other, each providing with a completely fresh experience, leading to a heap of replayability, especially combined with basically every aspect of the game having elements of randomness.My only complaint is that the randomness does come at a cost, there's *huge* variation between a good/lucky run, and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ run, that's completely out of your control and down to item drops."
76561198169373025,Recommended,248820,15260193,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Triplecrisp,This a great game just to unwind with your friends!PROS:- It has full controller support- If you get deep into the game you can get easy rewards from artifacts- Even if you have no friends you can play online- It's adictive- Gameplay goes for ages- High FPS no matter how bad your PCCONS:- There arent any i can think of.
76561198090103853,Recommended,248820,18600136,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,FrøHopperen,One of the better game i have played this year :)but the multiplayer is harder than the singleplayer which is pretty stupid
,Recommended,248820,19398966,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Ash1lord,"Interesting rogue-like, thought I personally think it would have a better style if it was top down. That said, it is worth playing."
,Recommended,248820,19380352,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,╔♠Captain♠╗,"Just, buy it"
,Recommended,248820,19096712,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,kie24,whenever im bored i play and it makes my day
,Recommended,248820,18633498,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,majofps,"Risk of Rain is a great game, it's a must have for any fan of rogue-likes. RoR is a very combat focused game, with many different enemies and power ups, it makes for a very fun experience. Recently, one of the major bugs has been fixed, so I'd definetly recommend the game.RoR - 8.5/10"
76561198040960248,Recommended,248820,18646813,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Hurley,Got crushed by a man the size of a small city. 10/10
,Recommended,248820,8044598,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,BurritoBison,"General Checklist:1.) MusicThe music was composed by a single person, and each soundtrack is different for every stage. They are all beautifully well made, with a sort of techno-vibe to them. Some very good listening to my had.2.) GameplayOverall great. Fluid and easy to master. I had to change the controls to my liking, and there are a couple bugs that need to be worked out, but it's generally a easy to play game.3.) DifficultyWhile I stated earlier this was easy to play, this does not mean it is an easy game. If you do a speed run through it, you will still encounter difficulties. If, however, you crave the challenge of setting personal records, then you will go well beyond an hour on one life, as I have done many times. Many times I have made a stupid error that cost me my life.4.) ReplayabilityVery high. I'm expecting to play it even more once they release the new added content."
,Recommended,248820,13604970,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Pretend,Best♥♥♥♥♥♥♥You Will Ever Play In Your Life. Worth my money!
,Recommended,248820,9200268,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Mrhelloman,"One of my most favorite games! If you like plaforming games, looting ones, or games that just get more awesome as you play, then this is the game for you. With different caracters to play as and many items to find, it is a game that is very addicting."
76561198079448032,Recommended,248820,17077373,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,SaltySpeedwagon,"Do you like roguelikes?Do you lots of unlockables?Do you like fast, horde-mode based gameplay?Do you like never finding an online game because the creators can't be arsed to fix multiplayer?Aside from that, great game."
,Recommended,248820,17115782,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Lil Gaggly,didnt work on my computer. recommended fo sure
,Recommended,248820,17132266,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,kvallning,Thanks to this game I now truly understand what it means to hate yourself.10/10
,Recommended,248820,17393097,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,jamoone,just so hard maaaan!
,Recommended,248820,17786732,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Captain Dingus,"...aaaaaand today's forecast is; a chance of explosions, with a side dish of pain, a little bit of agony, a whole lot of fun, and a Risk of Rain.I love this game; it is a true gem and a fantastic game worthy of playing. Every run is a thrill, and every moment is hectic and overall a blast.This is a superb roguelike game, with great progression and class variety; the only issue I can see ios that, with the right items, you can stomp so hard the ighest difficulty is still next to no trouble, especially if you collect the Artefact which lets you choose what item you get from chests.Upon beating the final boss, Providence, and reading his Monster Log entry it leaves a lot of unanswered questions... It makes you question whether your arrival on the planet was an accident or not, as the game pointws out your ship has a teleporter to the planets surface.Almost all of the bosses aside from maybe 2 or 3 are described as ""protector"" or ""guardian"", which really makes you think.Even Providence themselves are called ""The Bulwark of the Weak"", presenting them as more of a hero than villain.It isn't the story of a valiant human survivor of a sabotaged ship; it's the story of an ignorant mass murderer.9/10. I hope there's more updates or content from these developers. This game was made by 2 guys. They deserve all the credit they get."
,Recommended,248820,17981514,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Dolpd,Absolutely entrancing.
,Recommended,248820,17902449,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,MOGGO,check the weather
,Recommended,248820,25452925,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Battlebreakerz,"I have to say, Risk of Rain is my favorite game. The music is awesome, the gameplay is enjoyable, and the lore is fun to delve in to. I recommend using a controller. The difficulty increase meter is a cool to play against because you could either try to get all of the items in a level, or try to beat it so it doesn't get astronomically hard. I own this game on PC and PS4; you should try the game for yourself.10/10 would die again."
76561197999129710,Recommended,248820,21928911,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,t.tv/Sivicks,Risk of rain?More like risk of your controller not being detected half way into a gameplay or risk of severe frame rate drop during the final level.Still fun when it works7/10
,Recommended,248820,22261298,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Cptn,"Good game. Just needs a save so we can pick off where we left off... spent 3 hours straight and got loads of♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it- but then I attacked an unimaginably huge horde of mobs. Froze the game and then a ""Fatal Error"" occured saying that ""memory is full"". I cried."
,Recommended,248820,23812304,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Jim Halpert,"I purchased this fine piece of work and was very satisfied. It offers a wide variety of characters all with unique ablities and play styles. Although it take many hours of grinding and learning the game to unlock these characters, it was very worth it. Risk of Rain is a Rogue RPG meaning that once you die you start all over. This makes prgressing to the next level very intense knowing that your next move may kill you and make you loose all progress. The game gives gold for killing enemies found on this very strange planet. This gold can be used to open chests found in game. Inside these chests you'll find a massive variety of items which will buff your character for the duration of the world. This gives the player the chance to get a massive amount of items at once if many chests are opened allowing your character to become a monster killing machine. Although the game can be beat in maybe 40 minutes it will take lots of practice to master the skills of your character and make it to this point. at the end of every level there is a massive boss for you to take on which offers some crazy gameplay, because while the bossfight is going on there are still tons of enemies trying to kick your butt. My only complaint is that the co-op is very hard to set up and i have yet to have a chance to play this with my friends. I wish they would add easy to join co-op but besides that this game is a great pick up."
,Recommended,248820,24084350,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,PathologicalPup,Simple and Brilliant!
,Recommended,248820,24046943,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,TheGumpSquad,"Risk of Rain is a fantastic game. Its soundtrack is intense and captivating, its controls tight, and its atmosphere is absolutely fantastic. This game combines several things that I normally would have a hard time grasping, as it brings platforming, roguelike elements, and Metroidvania-style gameplay together into an experience that I just can't get enough of. It's been a long time since I've enjoyed a game as much as Risk of Rain. Its multiplayer is just as strong (if not stronger) as its single player gameplay. There have been many tense moments in Risk of Rain where I was outnumbered by dozens of enemies and I was forced to flee while I slowly dodged and shot in order to pick of whatever I could.  The game manages to find ways to make you feel like a killing machine or a petty bug that could be killed by anything. I can't tell you enough how much I recommend this game!"
,Recommended,248820,22202998,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,W☣rld ☮™,Very very ugly.
,Recommended,248820,25667788,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,vb,"I can't say enough good things about this game. It's deep, varied, rewarding, addictive and looks and sounds great. It's challenging, which some people might think is a bad thing, and to begin with it can seem a little too difficult, but it's never unfair and as long as you're willing to learn from your mistakes and keep practising you'll soon get better. Beating the final boss for the first time is a great feeling."
,Recommended,248820,25795025,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Doppelganchor,"Risk of Rain is a wonderful roguelike platformer with so very much to offer. When it was released in 2013 I had no idea how many hours I'd eventually sink into this little gem with my friends, as well as on my own. My friends and I would get together every weekend and attempt to take on the challenge of ""Monsoon"" difficulty. We'd get further and further into each randomly selected level each time and fail. We'd all beaten Rainstorm together and individually, and Monsoon gave us a challenge we all found to be a driving force. We'd all regroup weekend after next talking about the characters we'd unlocked and how we got them, what achievements and items we'd unlocked, and our plans for our next Monsoon run. We'd share the loot from each level, sometimes we'd call every item first come first serve, but no matter how we played we always had a good time. We'd play late into the evenings, run to the nearest 24/7 grocery store for snacks in the middle of the night, and return to do it all over again until the sun rose. This game is among many other fond memories I have of gaming growing up. At this point, it may only be three years since we started playing, but so much can happen in three years time and it has felt like Risk of Rain has always been a game I could return to with or without friends. Singleplayer is even more of a challenge and I for one am always itching to see how far I can get through Monsoon on my own. I highly recommend this game to others who are in search of a game that's challenging, quirky, unforgiving, and extremely rewarding. Going through the bestiary entries and item descriptions in the menu reminds me of how much I've put into the game and how many memories it gave me in return (not to mention the super rad item drops that come with unlocking new items and use-items). The lore is absolutely enticing and the longer you play the more you're immersed in the world, as well as with your character. Good luck, bring an umbrella."
,Recommended,248820,21742875,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Goat Ghost,"This game starts off simple and easy. You do well, killing monsters as you jump above them, shooting/slashing/bombing them into a new level of hell. The time ticks on, you think, nay, believe that you are doing well. The big boss comes after the first level. You leveled up, you're decked out with new gear. You feel invulnerable.The boss crashes into the soft ground, body parts everywhere. You are triumphant. You move on to the next level. Yes.Then it starts to go to hell. You explored to long, you took to long to find the portal to get to the next level, you didn't get the right gear. Looking at the timer, it has changed.Everything starts to change, things are faster. More monsters pop into existence, they are bigger, badder, hungrier for your naive flesh. Bodies piling, you are struggling to keep up against the onslaught. Soon you're no longer shooting, you are jumping, running.You see the portal, activate it, then hold your breath for a minute and a half. Then you only hear the sound of a few dozen monsters coming down on you.You died.You start the game again. It's simple and easy...."
,Recommended,248820,24301594,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,tonothehero,Rouge-somekind of game where you play one life until you die or win. Find new characters during your runs. The game forces you to find OP combos or race against the clock as the enemies gain in strength as time passes regardless of if you are powering up as well.
76561198167842954,Recommended,248820,23814092,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Zombie,This game may seem very frustating at first but in the end it is worth it 9/10
,Recommended,248820,21724937,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Mobiteq,Grab the umbrella.And bring extra magazines
,Recommended,248820,26740350,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,SlapNuts,"Honestly one of the most fun games I've played in a while. It's pretty hard and I'm not good at it whatsoever, but I respect that it doesn't hold your hand throughout the levels. It throws you in and you're expected to fight for your life, making you improve over time and not just staying mediocre. The concept of the difficulty increasing overtime is unique (to my knowledge) and works very well, as it intices you to go fast but if you rush you won't be prepared in later levels. The pixel art is beatiful, I love the minimalistic style that the devs went for. The controls are fluent (some movement things can be annoying, but you just have to learn to use them), the characters all have their unique attributes along with the items. Artifacts add a lot of replayability as some can challenge you while others make it fun to run through.Not to mention it was made in GameMaker. Would love to see a new game by Hopoo.9.5/10"
76561198026455399,Recommended,248820,8542053,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Tame Coffin Must Set Sail,"It's like a mix of The Binding of Issac and Cave Story, frankly, I don't know how that couldn't be a good game...oh yeah, I have never played Cave Story before, so don't trust my opinion."
,Recommended,248820,16271197,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,captainskelebones,"The music is amazing. i listen to it even when im not playing.i have neglected to play this game and left it in my libary until now, and man even thought the hype is gone this game is still fantastic"
76561198093704861,Recommended,248820,12869554,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,STK,"Look at my playtime, I think that will tell you how good it is, The latest patch kinda made the game even more buggy, other than that, The game is all around amazing,Worth the $10, If you wanna play Feel free to shoot me a message."
,Recommended,248820,11693694,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Pixel,"And so he left with everything but his humanity...Those are the last words spoken in this game.After a few playthroughs, you'll know why.PROS:A load of fun to play.Tons of items, enemies, characters and bosses.Co-op and Multiplayer.CONS:It's kind of buggy.It will get quite boring after about 20-30 hours if you do not play the multiplayer.The multiplayer is hard to set up.Conclusion:A must buy if you like roguelikes, and can deal with no multiplayer/multiplayer that is hard to set up, along with some slightly random elements."
,Recommended,248820,19506984,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,i am cuck,yes
,Recommended,248820,10815886,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Wet water!,"If you are playing Binding of Isaac , this is game for you,its more addicting then Isaac :D"
,Recommended,248820,7662036,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,ESD,"First off, this is not a roguelike, nor can it be said to have ""roguelike elements"" either. So stop calling it one.It is a pure action game with randomly distributed items and premade levels that have semi-randomized structures. It is close to arcade design philosophy, but not quite. Luck plays too much of a factor in item generation, which can and will make or break runs (unless you play Huntress, because, regardless of what anyone may think or say on the matter, the ability to move while attacking puts her above everyone else in the cast) Yes, it is very possible to extend past the upper limit of the difficulty timer and become an absurd missile-spewing, marathon-running, never-dying asshat. But at that point you're more or less ruining whatever is left of the experience for yourself.What puts me off most of all is the idea of unlockables, or first and foremost, the idea that you cannot experience the game at its best until you fulfill all sorts of weird ""achievements"". It puts me off partly because I know some of you are going to BAWW at me for downloading a complete save, when the fact is I just cannot be bothered to deal with this♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's a lame excuse to wring more playtime out of the player, and the less we see of it the better. I'd rather everything be unlocked from the start and the upper difficulty limit to mean certain death, even for stupidly powerful characters, but what can I do? People are just too satisfied.I only grudgingly recommend. Play it with others."
76561198135010770,Recommended,248820,26993449,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Grey_Moment,"Played the game, stacked items like there was no tomorrow. Reached a point where I felt like my character was beyond all normal limitations. Looked at the screenshots section, and felt like a noob. This game will keep you coming back, trying new things, facing new challenges, winning in some truly spectacular way one time, and dying pitifully while being cleverly mocked by the game itself the next. When you're facing four electrified magma worms that are each easily over 50 times the size of your character, you know a game's got it in for you. And then you survive anyway."
,Recommended,248820,26882346,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,im gay,sicc
,Recommended,248820,26919371,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,blupiac,"The pixel art is great, soundtrack is also amazing.Can be a little hard in the beggining until you find a character that fits you.One neat thing about it is that you can clearly see your progression over time, maybe not in the first few hours, but it surely comes.All in all a great game to kill an hour or two whenever you can or feel like it."
,Recommended,248820,27808505,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dimitri,"Really great game, always seem to come back to it, although it doesn't seem to recive anymore updates, it's still great fun to just sit down and play a round or two with friends."
,Recommended,248820,27894613,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Snow,Amazing. I wish I could play this game for the first time all over again.
76561198131921008,Recommended,248820,29043279,Posted: 5 January,all,Westwool,"Risk of Rain - A great game considering the small price you have to pay and especially cheap in the steam sales. Fantastic game to play with and spend hours shredding up bosses. The game's graphics are brilliantly detailed and I love the neat pixel graphics and environment in which you play the game. Landscapes and bosses are so well made and beautifuly designed even if it is pixelated. The OST (sound track) is equally as good with some nice tracks and the sound effects are again, great.The one flaw I have with this game would be the fatal errors in coding making the game crash. This can be irritating if it crashes at the end levels.... Extremely annoying- Please fix this error as it happens quite frequently."
76561197985514981,Recommended,248820,26934104,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PicklO,Fun Challenging Fast Paced Game
76561198140205903,Recommended,248820,29242615,Posted: 14 January,all,SheN,"This game is awesome! It will be even better if you find a friend with you. This game pushes you to explore more and more with different characters and items. Hope developer will add more maps or more endings. But looks like it is impossible... But it worth the price, buy it."
,Recommended,248820,27771588,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Eckinshtubal,A crazy addictive and challenging platformer with a fantastic soundtrack from Chris Christodoulou. An absolute must have for any rogue-like fan.
76561198006996125,Recommended,248820,27693042,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mourt,"Great game with tons of replayability and customization with the artifacts, difficulty levels, characters, etc. A ton of fun with a friend or two, we keep going back to this one."
76561198053297634,Recommended,248820,27529537,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rega,"Risk of Rain is one of those games that you pick up on a sale after a long day of trying to decide what you want from the Steam Sale this season. You figure it will be a decent little game that offers an average amount of fun, although Risk of Rain offers so much more. This game is the combination of multiple genres, a beautiful soundtrack, and endless replayability all bound together into a singular product. The atmosphere is phenomenal and the story, yet faint, is very interesting. This game is a true masterpiece in my book, and it is a shame to not pick Risk of Rain up if you have the opportunity to do so. Please do yourself a favor and buy this game! :)"
,Recommended,248820,8745270,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Funny Valentine,"Really fun and adictive game, Only flaws are the limited content and the artificial difficultyover than that its totally worth it."
76561198135508538,Recommended,248820,15694558,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Brass_Monster,"This game is extremely hard at first. It forces you to balance speed running and being cautious. At first there is only one playstyle available to you, but every single character you can play as has a unique skill set that makes them perfect for a particular playstyle. Each character is perfectly balanced in my opinion, and even the OP characters are given a reality check in the late game. Each playthrough is different than the previous one due to the different characters you can use, multiple stages each with multiple layouts, and the in-game items that you can buy. Seriously, your life may depend on what stage you land in, and what items are available to you. Not to mention the fantastic soundtrack. Go on spotify and earch Risk of Rain. If you aren't blown away, then you will not like the game. I realize that not everyone who plays this game will fall in love, but everyone should try it, and see if there is a gaming niche that needs to be filled by Risk of Rain. Good luck and stay mobile"
76561198048630964,Recommended,248820,22816085,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Devilock,Pretty good (and hard) rogue-like 2D platformer
,Recommended,248820,13118763,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,BigT333,"Everyone should buy this game.its got rely tight gameplay, great character diffrences and so much replayability.and now there are artifacts that totaly let you change how you play.I give this game 10/10"
,Recommended,248820,13124329,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,heckinabucket,"A bit of a steep learning curve at the beginning, but otherwise fun, engaging, and great in multiplayer."
,Recommended,248820,22825114,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,GrhmCrackers,10/10 would Chef again
,Recommended,248820,26493922,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Epsilon,"About two years ago, a friend got the game for me and our other friends, because it was on sale for $8 for 4. Having played it for over 300 hours, I can say that it's worth far more than it's $10 list price.This is an amazing game and while some reviewers say it gets boring playing single player, I have to disagree. If I was stuck on an island, I would be happy playing this game forever. It's that good.The soundtrack makes it what it is, obviously the gameplay is amazing as well. But the soundtrack is so perfect that you get lost in it, it's immersive and deep and fitting to the game."
,Recommended,248820,26882896,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Skele-Tim,"This is the type of game that you get because you're like ""I bet I can play better than what is shown in the trailer"". You open up the game and choose the hardest difficulty because most games nowadays say they're ""challenging"", but they end up being the easiest♥♥♥♥♥♥on earth. The cold truth for being a new player and choosing the highest difficulty for this game is you'll end up dying. A lot.So basically you arrive on some foreign planet as an astronaut who can roll/dodge like there is no tomorrow. This eventually leads to you gaining all the power items that are available at the beginning of the game. As you play more rounds, more items become unlocked for the next run. After unlocking all the extra items you essentially can become a god. By this I mean you can play as many levels and gain as many power-ups as you want until you're so powerful it lags the heck out of your computer.10/10 would get so overpowered it causes me to die again."
,Recommended,248820,24523453,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Sans,"it's raining gold coins; i suspectchangein the weather!risk of rain is an interesting 2D survival game that is set on a foreign planet as you play as the crew of a stranded spaceship. the game design is wonderful, the music is captivating and the gameplay is absolutely addicting. my one and only complaint is that it's a bit difficult to connect to friends to play online. the best way we've found so far is to use hamachi to bypass some of the weird connectivity issues. but it's really not that big of a deal, seeing as it didn't take us long to remedy the problem. however, this game is best played with friends. it's difficult to beat the campaign withno bodyto back you up!anyway, i've only done a total of three runs with my friends so far, but i can't wait to try out the other playable characters. i recommend this game to anyone who's even remotely into survival games."
,Recommended,248820,23827174,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,DrippingInk,"Difficult, hard, intense, but the most fun I've had. :P"
,Recommended,248820,30706933,Posted: 24 March,all,SilentGTX,One of those games where you can get infinitely more powerful until your frame rate drops to zero and game crashes.Recommended for anyone who enjoy's Rogue-Like platformers
76561198054728801,Recommended,248820,27853709,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Unknoob,Just a review with nothing for a good game :v
,Recommended,248820,27604907,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,n00bninja,Great Game Dude. Play As Many Characters! There Are At Least 3 Of Them. Wow!
76561198066308330,Recommended,248820,16337746,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Squilliam Fancyson,"Definitely worth a buy, always new things to explore, NEVER A DULL MOMENT."
76561198064329656,Recommended,248820,23992382,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Patstion,"I heard alot of good things about this game. I'm loving this game. Mixes thing in Issac, Gungeon and Contra, This game will test your reactions as tons of enemies fill the screen. Get this game. It even has co-op so you can play with 4 freinds and watch them die as your run of with a good passive."
,Recommended,248820,11040677,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,paos,this fun
,Recommended,248820,7791117,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,year199X,Pretty much Binding of Isaac mixed with Metal Slug.
,Recommended,248820,20926339,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Ψ | Psi-Lapse,This game plays best on a gamepad an I would reccomend using oneThis review comes from someone who hates rougelikes: I love this game so so much I don't even know why.The items you get here carry a serious value and you'll want to have them. It also makes fun of you. A lot.This game makes me hate jellyfish. Its still hard but for the right reasons this time and isn't the Binding of Issac so there's not nearly the idiotic following. What you get here is a fine rougelike that I personally enjoy.But seriously; bring an umbrella.
,Recommended,248820,20651969,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,truth,I love this game so much i wish i would play it more
76561198146782001,Recommended,248820,20652030,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Bitch Hold On,"You gotta take risks to make it rain.Asthetically pleasing.GREAT soundtrack.Only downside is multiplayer is much more difficult than solo, but that's what makes it fun anyway!Wide variety of items and stackable perks.This is a GG guys."
,Recommended,248820,8640029,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,{RS-L} Fire-Wired,i find this game horribly addicting because i always want to see how long i can last
76561198059282088,Recommended,248820,14564776,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,McSchlabberDong,Risk of Rain macht extrem süchtig und ist echt geil. Es macht einfach meega Spaß und motiviert den Spieler an jeder Stelle. Auch das Freispielen der anderen Chars macht sehr spaß
76561197997590328,Recommended,248820,10769846,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Ricence,The bestest game I am ever play'd
76561197980231581,Recommended,248820,7754105,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,StankyWang,Great roguelike. Definitely worth the pick up.
76561198051800941,Recommended,248820,16830043,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Legiix,It never actually rains in this game.
,Recommended,248820,21656791,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,YzXmpWROdZ3AHsuZ,✔
,Recommended,248820,14427255,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,skurleton,How I start the Game: pow...pow...blam...How I end it: BLAMO! HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ COLORS!? FLASHING LIGHTS?! YAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!best cluster♥♥♥♥ i've been in
,Recommended,248820,8845154,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,TRITACOS,musics pretty alright
76561198069456510,Recommended,248820,10799564,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,tel151,"Excellent, Highly addictive. Works well on pad."
,Recommended,248820,20134113,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,langis,LIKE BINDING OF ISAAC WITH GUNS
,Recommended,248820,10728522,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Sub,"Really good, challenging and hard game! Took me 1h:25min to fully finish the game as commando in just normal (alot of kiting!!), final boss has like 135413513541 lives!"
76561198028122017,Recommended,248820,10258318,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,SSKoss,"Kill baddies, get money, get addons, blow up more baddies.  Basic sounding but done well.  This is like a splash of Contra, rogue-like, and several 70s 80s scifi films rolled into a neat little pixilated package.  It rolls you in hard but when you get the hang of it there is something fantastic about feeling tough enough that even Clint Eastwood wouldnt stand a chance."
,Recommended,248820,9887931,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Saucy,really fun rouge like.
76561198040852556,Recommended,248820,8674178,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Split Knuckle,"Very enjoyable game. I am a big fan of the feel of the game and the mechanics of it. I couple little things that are probably still being worked out, but overall, great game, excellent sound track. Did not disappoint"
76561198088598107,Recommended,248820,31944604,Posted: 24 May,all,SolarLunarBandana,Incredible Game. Makes you want to play over and over again to unlock more. Multiple characters for any playstyle. Gameplay isnt repetitive because of random perks you get during each playthrough. Would 100% recommend.
,Recommended,248820,17395203,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Schmooble,Absolutely superlative.Action packedAwesome sound trackSimple yet elegant interface and game play.
76561198160596369,Recommended,248820,15221905,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,hankymueller13,I love this game and it makes me want to cry at the same time... :D
,Recommended,248820,31693261,Posted: 11 May,all,DrawingForSpace,"I had fun playing this game, it was fun just battling all the monsters and the bosses were hard and the monsters as wellI liked how the monsters were competely unique and all had a different way of attacking same with the characters you play as unique and different attacks, (I personally liked bandit the most,) I found Risk Of Rain to be visally appealing something I always love in games(looking through the monster logs and the item logs was really interesting and fun just a small detail i liked, adding logs for items and monsters I mean)that's all I can think of to say overall it was just a really fun game."
,Recommended,248820,32885496,Posted: 27 June,all,frostneedle,Great game worth every cent when it's on  90% sale
76561198037814967,Recommended,248820,32865400,Posted: 27 June,all,Noodle,fun game
76561197985502086,Recommended,248820,9987512,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Zapher,"Let me just start by saying that this game is unforgivably HARD! BUT don't worry, that's fine because it's also frigging amazing! For a game with such a seemingly simple design it's very easy to completely lose track of time while playing it for hours and hours. Not only that, but this game has tons of Re-playability  with different maps and randomized loot. Top that off with an awesome soundtrack and you have yourself a game that is well worth the asking price! However, there is one major complaint I have and that is that the multi-player is incredibly hard to configure to play with your friends; and every time I tried to join a random game I could not connect. Other then that, this game is just straight up FUN!"
,Recommended,248820,32913724,Posted: 27 June,all,HellScythe,Git Gud
,Recommended,248820,18213051,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,ana boosted lucio,"A solid roguelike with a very simple premise - get items to get stronger, then fight the final boss. It doesn't have a terribly large amount of replay value after you've unlocked everything, but the ride there is a lot of fun."
,Recommended,248820,10724921,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,"AYE, SIWMAE",Robot janitor is best.
76561198028039160,Recommended,248820,32904365,Posted: 27 June,all,Thatoneguybunchanumbers,fun
,Recommended,248820,32619642,Posted: 21 June,all,Jucrispy,very fun time killer fun with friend (also hard to play with friends) very replayable
,Recommended,248820,32906743,Posted: 27 June,all,WorgenDeath,"One of the most enjoyable games I've ever played, tough at first but getting good at the game feels very rewarding, would definately recommend to anyone, it's worth every penny."
,Recommended,248820,32914803,Posted: 27 June,all,asslee,fun game. at the same time no clue what's going on.
,Recommended,248820,27654742,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ReverendRyu,"Not a game for the slow of thumb, Risk of Rain is a real treat when played with friends. As a small, almost tiny cluster of humanoid pixels, you must run and gun your way to the teleporter as quickly as you can, grabbing powerups as you go; and then defend the teleporter from enemy attack until you can leave. Sounds simple, no?Love it for its soundtrack, its gorgeous pixel art, its instant replayability thanks to PLD, for its creativity and zest. Hate it for the sheer controller-bending frustration you will feel just clearing the first level. Love a good platformer? Like a great schmup? Love generally amazing things? Breathe Oxygen? This game is for you."
,Recommended,248820,17806078,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Howl J. Pendragon,"One problem I've had with many roguelites would be the combat. Sometimes they didn't offer the weight and impact that make attacking and killing things feel good.Risk of Rainis one roguelite that gets that right. Attacks and explosions come with appropriate recoil and visceral feedback. The game gets this and many other things right.Each character has four abilities, giving unique flavor and utility to their gameplay. The character diversity gives great incentive for replayability since it'll be necessary to unlock everything. Furthermore, there are TONS of items that all bring creative, diverse effects to your attacks. Some items just buff your stats, but others have more interesting effects such as turning the enemies you kill into temporary ghost allies.The flow of the game works well, too. You need to kill enemies, get money, power up, and find the exit as soon as possible. The longer you take, the higher the difficulty goes. You'll die a lot, but it's part of the fun and you'll be eager to return.If there's one complaint I have with the game, it would be the ambiguity with some of the item descriptions. While you can view more detailed effects through the main menu, some of the flavor text can make understanding your items more difficult than it needs to be.Interesting items, beefy combat effects, and clear risk come together for a great experience. It's definitely one of the best roguelites around."
,Recommended,248820,27269526,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,General Jorgé,"It's honestly amazing if you like a good challenge in a rouge-like indie game, kinda like the feeling of Binding of Isaac. There's also multiplayer, but singleplayer is much more fun. It's cheap and have great replayability, what more can you ask for?"
76561198076514263,Recommended,248820,12029820,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,thewebb414,"Risk of Rain simply put is a rougelike game that is fun to play over and over again.The game uses simple controls to put you in the shoes of one of 10 classes (all but 1 must be unlocked through gameplay) that have found themselves stranded on a strange planet full of creatures bent on killing them. Your goal is to find a teleporter hidden somewhere that will allow you to progress further and find your crashed ship and leave the planet.The game is rougelike so Perma-death is a MAJOR feature. every time you die you lose all progress from that playthrough (bar certain things unlocked from achievments) and have to start again the next go around. This doesn't turn out to be a big deal though as every time you load the game the stages and their layouts will have changed.Every Class in the game has there own unique style of combat from meele to ranged to hybrids of the two allowing for varying styles of gameplay and many ways to fight the same enemies in a new and challenging way, and the dozens of enemy types will make each stage a diffrent experience from the last.The best part of this game though in my opinion is the multiplayer. The ability to play online or localy with up to 4 players makes the game even more interesting to beat because of the added ability to combo the diffrent classes together and finding things you wouldn't have alone.Overall if you enjoy games with LOTS of replayablity and LOTS of random challenges this is a must grab that will have you playing for hours on end."
,Recommended,248820,13979480,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Spooky Ghost,Got High fived to death by huge teleporting crabs. 10/10
76561198100606283,Recommended,248820,10065116,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Smitty Werbanjagermanjensen,Infinite goat hoof is the reason why I still play this game time to time.
,Recommended,248820,19325802,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,McCree from Gamecube,Yes.
,Recommended,248820,13136549,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,A-Mac,"No multiplayer via steam. must use hamachi or mess with your ports for multiplayer. blehKickass music though, and relatively fun to play over and over solo.would recomend for a few hours of fun for a single player.Update: this game is baller"
76561198063616669,Recommended,248820,8450635,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Buternam,yes
,Recommended,248820,8000776,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,GCDarkSideRob,"What starts off as relatively easy rogue-like side scrolling shooter eventually turns into one of the most frenetic, chaotic, frustrating, and enjoyable times I've had all year. You will scream at your computer screen when things go poorly, but shout a battle cry like none other when victory is achieved. Moments like those are what make good games great. And Risk of Rain is a great game."
76561198042211169,Recommended,248820,9313551,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,jLassSynaptik,"Ninety seconds.... I was in ninety seconds before I met my first demise at the hands of seven-foot-tall lemur men in Risk of Rain. Now, one would anticipate that I would shelf this game and curse balefully in the corner of my room about this game's punishment.... But I proceeded to play three more times before killing my first boss and passing the first level, only to get curbstomped by the introduction of energy-giants in the second level, which took ten seconds......Risk of Rain is a roguelike that DOES NOT pull its punches and that's what makes it so wonderful.Character progession is based on gaining exp and item-finding in likeness of Binding of Isaac and the world adapts to your achievements. Over time, a clock counts the amount of time taken in a single run, and when it hits a specific marker, the difficulty amps up, and the fauna around you gets stronger and less tolerant of your existance on the planet.Rage will ensue. Good rage."
,Recommended,248820,7898916,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,SovereignDark,"Finally, a rogue like game that is focus around combat. Don't get me wrong I love Binding of Isaac, Spelunkey, and Rogue Legacy, but Risk of Rain is all about the action and it is awesome.There are plenty of secret characters to unlock as a well as interesting achievements to keep you interested in the game play. The game is very difficult on the normal setting, but if you are looking for a more casual experience (or are new to the genre) easy provides a fun experience that doesn't seem as daunting as the higher difficulties.I haven't had the chance to try out multi-player yet, but I am sure it is interesting. At just ten dollars this game is an absolute steal and a must buy for people that are into the rogue genre."
,Recommended,248820,8501303,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Proto,"Despite actual rain never making an appearance in this game, it is still a pretty decent game. It has multiplayer, so why notbuy it now?"
,Recommended,248820,10708203,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,rybo,ya def
,Recommended,248820,17124178,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,cobs,Fun
,Recommended,248820,7924764,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,M.C.,Простецкий rogue-like с годной графикой и высокой степенью залипания в игре.
,Recommended,248820,33196255,Posted: 3 July,all,ElbowRocket,ALL ITEM AFFECTS STACK & STACK & STACK & STACK UNTIL YOU RUN OUT OF RAMBut on a serious note if your PC slows down during combat make sure y-
,Recommended,248820,10851824,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Gossip Girls,"Great game, if you like rogue like games then this is for you.  Best played with a friend though!"
,Recommended,248820,24023985,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Sunfire,"Really fun fast-paced roguelike game with lots of replay value.Has a nice atmosphere,and the soundtrack is really awesome(seriously look it up)Can be really challenging,even frustrating,but my deaths do not feel cheap.(Even the game mocks you lol)It can be really addictive,played 14 hrs already,and its just the second day I have it.Can definietly recommend this game,if you are into a nice challenge,and lots of variety thanks to the 12 different classes."
,Recommended,248820,20039421,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Pimbirthon,"Game is good, but gets boring a little fast..."
76561198203913299,Recommended,248820,23533955,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,blurraay,"Although it has many imbalances within it, Risk of rain is a generally enjoyable rogue-like with a savage difficulty curve at first. It has a lot of replayability due to the immense amount of items and randomization of those items, creating an infinite number of different runs. The game rewards long-term players as as you get better it makes the game much more fun as you are able to explore new ways of playing he game, from challenge runs where you can only collect certain items to only being able to use one attack. The pixel art style i very endearing in contrast to the dark underlying plot of the game which although is interesting at first, becomes irrelevant after you finish the games a couple times."
76561198070811325,Recommended,248820,21333825,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Bustin without the Bustin + Alex,This game's really good.Thx Augean
76561198075563105,Recommended,248820,21577728,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,resq2,"I really like this game Its challenging yet fun. One problemb, it often crashes if i go back and revisit levels after the 2nd to final level and the error says something about a missing texture for the magma worm. also it dosn't save what i unlocked and this one run i unlocked like 4 new things one of them being an artifact then this crash happens and i lose it all plus i was doing really goo on the run"
76561198015991068,Recommended,248820,9163260,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,turntechGodhead,Addictive cross of binding of isaac and a RPG you will be playing for hours and still just barely win
,Recommended,248820,9496485,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Life is Ruff,you'll get your money's worth and more
,Recommended,248820,16624892,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Raxo,"Hardcore, you should buy it right naow"
,Recommended,248820,9068392,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,redspacebeast,"With so many indie developers of late, it’s getting easier to find fun boutique experiences like Risk of Rain. By this point, if one wanted to be academic about it, perhaps we should start referring to the indie scene as the “alternative” scene. At the core, Risk of Rain is a side-scrolling action platformer with a heavy emphasis on unlockables, randomization and getting just a little bit further each time. As you progress, you unlock items that might spawn the next time you play, not unlike Binding of Isaac. This ensures that even if things don’t go well, you usually walk away with something worthwhile.As you play, a bar starts filling up based on time - the more the bar fills, the tougher the enemies that appear. It’s a balancing act between killing enemies for money with which to purchase items you find in the level, and heading for the exit because things are getting serious. Each character you unlock plays very differently, some easier than others. Multiplayer is a riot, things can get really crazy with four players on screen. If you kill enough monsters of the same type, you unlock a charming little bestiary entry for it. There isn’t a whole lot going on in Risk of Rain, it’s a very focused experience. But it does it well."
76561198259082154,Recommended,248820,33724639,Posted: 22 July,all,ThatStanceGuy,a good game in most of the circumstances sometimes its kinda hard but when you get the hang of it you never let it go a few bugs and glitches can happen be aware of that the black screen problem(one of the biggest problems) can be solved really easy by using the magical tool GOOGLE SEARCH for the price its a really good rougelike playing with a contraller gives you more control when you first start the game i definitly suggest you to play this with a friend it gets harder but thats the fun partpros+good game+fun multiplayer+challenging bossescons-needs a 3rd party tool for multiplayer (evolve or hamachi)-hard to get used to it with a keyboardverdictgreat game but kinda problematicrating75/100i hope you will find this useful
76561198049496369,Recommended,248820,13351072,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Arkanno,"The best ""rogue"" game ever made10/10"
,Recommended,248820,9925299,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,TBBle,"For something to play when you don't want to dedicate an afternoon to something, this is spot-on. You jump in, round around, shoot things and die. A bit like Rouge Legacy with guns and no RPG elements.And like Rogue Legacy, I can enjoy it even though I'm apparently terrible at it. There's a screen shot up there with 92 minutes on it, my personal best is probably less than 15 minutes due to very very lucky item drops making me nigh-unkillable. (""nigh-"" being the operative word there. There's always a way...)But that's okay. Death is expected, and it's very easy to just hit ""play again"" and charge straight back in.The only downside is lack of Steam Cloud support, so I can't have this installed everywhere for a five-minute blasting-things fest as the whim takes me."
76561197980503707,Recommended,248820,12331303,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Zaimad,"Risk of Rain, where to even begin...? The ship you were on was damaged greatly by an unknown assailant and you crash-landed on a planet with lots of incredibly very hostile lifeforms... and you got stranded incredibly far from the wreck. Luckily, the ship you were on was a cargo ship: everything in it was ""unfortunately"" also stranded, and you can bet your life on the fact that those now-misplaced goods will be the most valuable things you'll need in order to attempt to leave the planet.Risk of Rain (RoR from now on) features preset stages with some randomization, where monsters litterally pop from the ground every now and then, boxes have to be properly paid for (with the spoils of popping monsters) in order to get your hands on their sweet contents and portals have to be found in order to traverse the hostile world as you try to get back to your damaged ship. But be ready: once you activate a portal and wait for it to ""charge up"", a powerful monster boss appears. After a set amount of time charging the portal, no more monsters appear and you must eliminate all the threats remaining in order to move on with your quest for safety.In RoR you can have up to 10 different character choices when you start the game. The default and starting one, the Commando, is pretty well balanced and intersting to play, but the other 9 are more specific in their gameplay as to what you should be doing and what you'd favour getting boosted by the various items you can find. Some are more challenging to play with than others, most definitely, and some are much harder to unlock than others. Also to keep in mind is the fact that you can collect throughout the different stages game-changing artefacts that WILL make or break the experience of some of the characters.I can confidently say that I had the least fun time of my life playing the Enforcer, a human-riots-specialized shield-wall with some area-of-effect options and side-defined damage mitigation skill, and loved playing the Mercenary, a ninja-like sword-wielding blur of speed that can avoid damage with two of its skills. Noteworthy mentions are the easy-mode Engineer, the run-and-gun Huntress and the only-with-item-choosing-artefact Sniper that can litterally one-shot the final boss (or make you run into a bug where you make the final boss nigh-invulnerable, and doing 2 damage per attack for more than 15k hp can take well over 30 minutes with the wrong items). Acrid and H4NDY (or with an A, don't remember) are also interesting in their own way, and the Miner is incredibly complex in terms of mobility and self-preservation. And there's also the Bandit, which feels a little underwhelming if you get it after you unlock the Huntress; just saying.The items you can find on your journey to the ship are also very much unique in their functions, or in certain cases there's a relation between a more common white item and a not-as-common green one (such as critical hit chance), but each and every item has a purpose and an ideal synergetic relation to each of the characters (or a broad spectrum of characters, such as happens with Paul's Goat's Leg, which increases move speed: everyone should have it). Items' effects stack, some with better results than others (you can't have more than 100% chance of a critical hit, for example), and some items are not really worth stacking unless you have no choice on the matter (I'm looking at you, Golden Gun). Bosses also drop unique items on rare occasion that might be just the extra edge you needed to stay alive or kill something better. And every enemy type, all the bosses included, have a chance to drop a monster log that will let you get some insight as to the world you've crash-landed on... and perhaps even the reason behind the attack on the ship, spoilers which I won't reveal.Naturally, RoR has a major flaw: it's inherent quality is that you will benefit the most of it the more you play it and replay it, but at some point you will have unlocked everything and found out the strategy that best fits you or your playstyle with whichever character you chose. And by that point, you will have seen pretty much all that the game has to offer, barring unlockables that you might not even need or will end up not really picking up once unlocked. You'll still have fun playing the game, but you will feel like you need to forget about it for a while to make it worth booting it up again; this is especially true once you reach a point where you've been alive for over 2 hours stacking items to the point of glitchyness and automatic downscaling of settings just to let the game run properly... Fun fact: I once became so overpowered that I just left my character unattended on a level and had a heavy lunch, only to find out an hour later that I was not only still alive but with tons of new crap uncollected to make me even more overpowered. Of course, I went for the final boss afterwards, since I had ""taken the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it"" and any sense of challenge with it.You may be pleased to know the game has online multiplayer, as well as local multiplayer, and you can choose repeated characters (which is a good thing, considering a group of 4 people playing without anything unlocked would render the option moot). Playing online with your friends is fun, but one thing that happened significantly often with even someone on the same LAN as myself was a slight desynchronization of the game, including enemies that existed for one of us and not the other and, most annoyingly, the position or even the existence of items. This is more frequent the more items you start stacking up, of course, since more things have to be synchronized to begin with, and especially with area-calculated things happening (such as high amounts of Barbed Wire). In short, online is FUN, but only if you accept that really bad/annoying things may happen as part of the experience.I do have to say that there are some reallyannoyingbugs. I, for one, hate with a passion just how unclickable the difficulty can get to be with overlapping texts and whatnot. There should also be a back button on the multiplayer screen, forcing you to instead use the escape-key menu, or at the very least a ""no, wait, I've selected a character but I really changed my mind and want to select another one"" button in that menu. Textboxes may and will innevitably get stuck, be it trying to read how a skill is scaling or hovering some other annoying thing while in-game. And I find it so anti-climatic, the lines that the final boss spews, for their oh-so-annoyingly consistent typo all across the game (can't remember which it is, but I know it also happens on the descriptions and flavour texts of some of the items, since it is actually an English rule that is being broken); I can say that it's one of the reasons that every time I clear the game again I feel like I need to cool down and not play it for another week.Having mentioned all the relevant things, how much do I recommend it?Very much, that's for sure. RoR certainly feels unique enough in the sense that I know no other game that makes me feel good about commiting genocide on some lizard people, allows me to essentially fly with a continuously executed jump-slash as a ninja and invariably laugh at seeing over 1 million damage per shot when playing the sniper as it should always be played.The price seems fair for what it is, but ideally you should try to get it at a 50% discount. I also recommend a 4-pack if you think at least two people you know would enjoy playing the game with you, even if you only play with one of them at a time."
76561198091651883,Recommended,248820,23895500,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Triplejy2k,GIT GUD is the message of this game.
76561198070466930,Recommended,248820,20369295,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,♦Quantum♦,"Great game, 10/10!"
,Recommended,248820,29864920,Posted: 11 February,all,Vortex,"I love Risk of Rain! I first found risk of rain as I was scrolling down the list of games I had, installed the game and just could not get off of it. I have been playing off and on for a year and a half now and also got 4 other friends in to it over time. 10/10 you need to try it!"
,Recommended,248820,20636566,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Chez Dudle,Good roguelike sidescroller. Awesome co-op with friends. Challenging.One problem though:Multiple chargefield generators and frost relics + magma worm = CRASH
,Recommended,248820,23988943,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,iSpook,"Let me start this review by saying I love this game. But it isn't without its faults either.Since I'm not good at writing reviews I'll go with the classic ""pros/cons"" format and follow it up with suggestions how to improve on negative points. Also there are some points which can be considered pros and cons at the same time, depending on how you play games.Pros:-Price (even at 10 bucks its worth it, at a sale even more so)-Replayability (potentially infinite levels to go through)-Challenging, the intensity slowly ramps up and you gives you just enough time to gather enough power ups-Beautiful-Almost no power up feels useless and they're all useful in their own regards-Character diversity-End Boss battle is actually pretty hard if you do it before getting too powerful-Unlocking stuff can be hard to achieve but is very rewarding although some secrets like the Miner can be hard to find-Rounds can go on for as long as you likeCons:-I guess it's hard to play multiplayer since you need something like Hamachi for it and it can be a pain for some people to set that up-You can actually become too powerful. If you play long enough you can't be killed at a certain point anymore because of the lifesteal/hp/armor power up and the fact that they stack.-Some characters feel useless and by that I mean you find yourself thinking:""Why would I play this one when I can play the Archer""-If your friend dies in co-op the xp and item loss is ridiculous for them to the point where they might as well leave the game (then again, if you die once playing solo the game is over too)-Rounds can be longConclusion:I fell in love with this game the first time I played it and every friend I recommended it to liked it aswell. Seeing it on the sale moved me to write a review and made me wish they made some DLC. I might have forgotten some points since I haven't played it for some time but I have only good memories of it. Get it (if the genre speaks to you) and you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,248820,28063501,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Felloroar,Excellent
,Recommended,248820,10894478,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Prominency,"This game is not was i expected. Instead, it was AWESOME. Great game if you like where you stay alive as long as you can. With co-op there is even more fun. Recommended."
,Recommended,248820,13744482,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Sham,"This is the sort of game you play when you have hours available, so you can try again repeatedly to see how many more Fedex containers you can hijack before the government lizards chase you down and interrogate you for cargo theft."
,Recommended,248820,21918548,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,panic,w
,Recommended,248820,20854350,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Cancer,"This game makes me want to kill myself. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥it's so good. It's like Binding of Isaac and 8-bit action-adventure games gave each other a loving hug and adopted this game. It has a right amount of intensity and items, albeit stacking items does nothing.I'd buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥again."
76561198070176504,Recommended,248820,9156539,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,NaixNosam,This game is awesome there are sevral different classes and level variants and enemies constantly trying to rip your face of with teeth and lazers and bombs its great!
76561198042460721,Recommended,248820,7985230,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,15ShadowDude,"Risk of Rain is a very exciting and fun action-platforming rogue-like adventure game. Yes it does deserve all those genres. It has unlockable items, achievements, collectables, unlockable characters, 4-player Co-Op, Online and Local, and has three difficulty ranges. 8.75. Very good game, a nice little gem."
,Recommended,248820,8182544,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,wizard,"its a different kind of ""roguelike"". it's a sidescrolling action game that's similar to the binding of isaac except it's way more fast paced and becomes unrelentingly difficult as time goes on. to get the most enjoyment out of it you should play with friends although the netcode is really bad once the difficult reaches max"
76561198031565864,Recommended,248820,8471968,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Stedms,"Great game. I love the aesthetic and feel of the worlds, they are simple and interesting enough to keep me playing. The controls and mechanics of the items are awesome and make each character and play through feel unique in their own way. I'd recommend this game to anyone who enjoys rougelikes or platformers alike."
76561198104807979,Recommended,248820,12613075,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Dallasflett,"One of the Hardest, Funnest, Replayablest games I have. Risk of Rain is a roguelike game (Randomly generate levels, Level ups, and permanent death),The Graphics are 16 bit based (or something like that) and it looks really great, The Characters you play as, the monsters you fight, the items you pick up, the environments you battle in, they all look amazing and have fluent animations.The music is top notch, It's the perfect soundtrack to listen to while trying to survive.The Gameplay is awesome, all characters have different abilities and you should be able to find one who suits your playstyle. The goal of the game is to find a portal, activate it, wait out the timer, and teleport to the next level. While looking for the portal, you earn coins by killing the enemies who are trying to stop you and using those coins to unlock chests that have powerups. Powerups are great, they give you certain abilities to make you stronger and defensive. and they all have stack up to become even more powerful.the Local multiplayer is also Chaotic and fun, so many bosses.the game does get a bit old after playing for 3 or 4 hours, but Everynow and then I play a game a two.Verdict: An Awesome Game and great for the price. 8/10"
,Recommended,248820,12662733,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Jayowobo,WHOOOOOOOOO
,Recommended,248820,7890563,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Notelok,"Risk of Rain is such an addicting game. The random loots and the slight progression with a whole ton of unlockables makes Risk of Rain a perfect 10$ game. I played about 4 or 5 hours single-player before jumping in a game with some friends and it was the best 10$ I've spent yet. The game is a little glitchy in a few places and Local Co-Op could be greatly improved upon, but the charm it has certainly makes up for the few mistakes it has."
,Recommended,248820,8799130,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Nick Applesauce,"This game is a piece of art. It is astounding, from the visuals, to the audio, and it just feels like a huge adventure, especially if you are playing with friends. This game can do such a good job of making you feel like a total badass one minute, and a coward the next, probably because its difficulty raises over time.Numerous enemy types and beautiful character designs make this game a must-buy. My only real complaint is that the multiplayer isn't super, as me and my friends were lagging a lot. However, despite that, we had a kick♥♥♥♥♥time with this game anyway. GET IT!"
,Recommended,248820,9746094,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,a blender,One of the best. It's simply amazing.
76561198048295216,Recommended,248820,9067114,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Genesis,Its a platformer version of Binding of Isaac. But harder. And pixel art. it's awesome
76561198073331407,Recommended,248820,12634936,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Spunky Beefcake,"This game has officially improved so much! My friends and I enjoy this game still since it was released back last year. Love it so much, amazing game and definitely recommended! :D"
76561198096722430,Recommended,248820,17409877,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Geoeg,"Absolutely love this game, still cant get enough."
,Recommended,248820,11385312,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Smifelton,"Tons of fun with 4 players, super hard with 4+. Use voice comm and stick together, but dont forget to also work together!"
,Recommended,248820,8001510,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Orz,"Needs a bit of technical polish/balancing, but otherwise it's IMO the contender for Indie GOTY 2013, it's got really pure gameplay and despite being unlike anything in recent times, it's actually fairly simple. Amazing game pacing and constant 'gamble'-style Roguelike thrills."
,Recommended,248820,20630986,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Looftwaffle,I aboslutely adore this game. Lots of fun single player or multi. Progressivly gets harder the longer your in a game so its a balance of finding items and moving through levels. Takes a bit of skill to master each character and find the ones that work with how you like to play. Overall 10/10 Eat. Sleep. Rain. Repeat.
,Recommended,248820,7916809,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Nikopol,"Brilliant roguelike with fun classes, great combat and challenging levels. Thanks Cab for playing this with me <3"
,Recommended,248820,13411159,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Revolver Ocelot,12/10
,Recommended,248820,13157296,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,mag,Very addictive 2d platformer. Unlocking new characters is so satisfying though damn.
,Recommended,248820,8489877,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Armok God of Blood,"Great game, but having to install Microsoft VC and restart my computer everytime I want audio is annoying as ♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,248820,19035751,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Vanilla Thrilla,"Incredible! Super fun, all the different things you can unlock in addition to the infinite combonations of powerups makes this the most unique game I have in my library! Sometimes you just don't get the right kinda powerups and you die but when it's just right, nothing can stop you! I reccommend this to anyone who likes to have fun."
,Recommended,248820,20880757,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Dankfury,"Risk of Rain? More like Risk of lots of fun or potentially almost ruin your day.Seriouly though, this game is a heck of a lot of fun. The only reason I say ruin your day is because there is a heavy amount of RNG involved. Items from chests and drops from enemies are all random and if you're lucky, you'll end up with a lot of great items fit for your class. If not, you aren't going to have a good time.However, this is actually what makes the game so fun because you never know what the next playthrough will be like,giving the game a lot of replayability.And oh man the music in this game is phenomenal. There isn't a single track in this game that I didn't enjoy. Each track sounds very similar to each other, but also very different from each other. They flow together extremely well.I cannot recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,248820,7906232,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Clousdis,"I highly recommend this title. The music is excellent, controls are solid on keyboard and Xbox360 controllers, difficulty is on par with the best rogue like games. The graphics are not for everyone but I am a fan of this art style. One of only shortcoming of this game is sometimes when you are playing with others it might start to lag. I am running a Gforce 660 and it happens to me. All around its a good game. I think that I am going to have more then 50hours into this game."
,Recommended,248820,17151618,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Mag3steir💀,"Enjoyable everytime,everyday"
,Recommended,248820,10023460,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,inverlock̥,very good yes
76561198123223523,Recommended,248820,20673371,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Foxguy0,YES YES YES......Tis game is tops blubie
,Recommended,248820,7972237,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,"gui fiery, mayor of flavortown","This game is damn good. It really is beautiful in its simplicity. The rules are simple, yet every new game feels incredibly fresh. When you die - and you will die a lot; I have yet to make it past the second level - you won't ever feel like it was the game's fault, or that you were cheated of your fate. The selection of items is plentiful and well thought-out,  and gaining each new one is rewarding in more than just ""do a different percent of damage than you did before.""Oh, and the soundtrack is downright amazing - something you won't mind listening to on repeat throughout your many playthroughs of this game."
76561198050981036,Recommended,248820,15583852,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Pităr,"It is a great game, a hard game that makes you want try again until you succeed. In order to do so, you must have a balanced gameplay style or just skill and luck. The game is not impossible, it's just very hard. 10/10"
,Recommended,248820,10894760,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,KRAZL ⇒⇓⇘Ⓟ,"Very chaotic run n gun action with plenty of secrets to find, especially fun with coop!"
,Recommended,248820,15578713,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Sancho Balancho,THIS GAME IS AMAZING -10/10 WORTH EVERY ONE OF MY MONIES!!!! IGN APPROVES ILLUMANATI CONFIRMED.... the game never loaded for me and wouldent even launch >: (
,Recommended,248820,7809750,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Mellow Bordello,"Risk of rain is a fantastic Rougelike. It features randomized level (To some extend) which greatly extends gameplay. The progrssion in the game is very slow, so expect to spend countless hours in the risk of rain to unlock all the characters. This keeps the game from becoming dull when shooting becomes too much. This is also a fantastic addition to the games multiplayer component, which is a 2-4 player co-op mode. In this mode the players cooperates with up to 3 friends to complete the games levels. The players share both XP and money.The game has a fantastic loot system, that adds both random effects and buffs to your character. These upgrades keeps the game fresh and fast paced, since every game is different. No other games seems to do exactly what this game does, and if they do, they are probably not as good.The other interesting component to the game is the timer. The game features a leveling system wich power you up as you play through and kill monsters. This backside of this leveling is the timer, which keep you moving. As time goes on, the game becomes significantly harder if you stay in a place and farm money, XP and drops. This tactic is therefore ill advised."
76561198007904108,Recommended,248820,8857879,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,[SkrubQ]BadBunny07,This is a great game to waste some time on. It is challenging enough to keep you wanting more and with enough unlocks to keep you playing for hours on end.
76561198034708729,Recommended,248820,10623114,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Beeper,I've spent way more time playing this game than I ever thought I would.  Playing with friends is a blast.  Playing solo to try to unlock new characters/items is just as fun--doesnt feel like grinding like in other games.
,Recommended,248820,22058988,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Blank.Cactus,A beautiful game with a beautiful soundrack.Best played together with friends :D
,Recommended,248820,9061326,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Duck Of Doom,"Great game for those of you who like rogue-like games and platformers.Great replayability due to a lot of different classes and randomly generated levels.Also, freakin' awesome music."
,Recommended,248820,27019058,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Innov8,"This game is awesome, solo, local or online multiplayer is amazing and I can only say I wish there was more. Worth $10, nuff said"
,Recommended,248820,27574644,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Vintro,"Great with friends, family, your dog, Jesus, and a cow"
76561197981949227,Recommended,248820,23266558,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Beanie,"Really fun side-scroller. Tension ramps up quickly between the choice of spending time to find upgrades versus playing quickly as difficulty rises as the time passes. 10/10 would get REKT again, and again and again."
76561198098822582,Recommended,248820,10466117,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,i have a bart simpson watch,It never rained. 10/10
76561198075787025,Recommended,248820,8452501,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,SheepamongWolves,Definitely a Best of the Year contender for Indie 2013.
,Recommended,248820,11865897,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Ketchup Boy 666,Not really that risky
76561197999609990,Recommended,248820,29065899,Posted: 6 January,all,el bombo santiago apostol,bestest
,Recommended,248820,8352913,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,rob,"This is one of the best indie game I've played.  It's a relief too because I'm tired of 9/10 indie games being god damn puzzle platformers.  Seriously it's getting ridiculous.RoR is, according to the devs, an ""action platformer/adventure game with randomized elements.""  Your goal is to make it through 5 stages, wading through hundreds, thousands of enemies in the meantime.  When you start stage one the timer begins and counts up.  The timer carries over across levels and the game's difficulty increases non-stop as the timer reaches certain checkpoints.What helps you survive the hordes of enemies as you journey to each stage's teleporter to reach the next stage are dozens and dozens of powerups, health boosts, and activated items that make you pretty much a one man army yourself.PROS:The game is brutally difficult and progression is extremely rewarding.  The items are really fun, varied, and make you FEEL powerful.  You'll eventually become basically the Terminator, but that power is balanced out by the fact that you'll be facing hundreds of enemies and you can die at almost any moment.The music is fantastic and is sometimes fast-paced, sometimes slow and eerie.  It always fits with the game's alien world settings perfectly.You'll be able to unlock tons of new characters and new powerups that aren't just cosmetically different; they offer cool changes to gameplay that keep RoR fresh.And you have to try local and online co-op modes.  The game begs to be played with friends.CONS:The menus are a bit wonky sometimes and gamepad support for the menus is lacking.  At times you can navigate menus with the gamepad and other times you'll have to set it down to use the mouse for a sec.  Kind of weird and hopefully it'll eventually get smoothed out.Also, using a gamepad (I use a PS3 controller via MotionInJoy) is almost a necessity; using the keyboard is a bit awkward and will give you carpal tunnel syndrome within 5 minutes.  That said, your character's responsiveness to the gamepad is sometimes lacking.  When changing directions to fire at enemies behind you, you have to change directions a bit slow and deliberately, otherwise the game won't read the direction change and you'll just fire in the direction you were originally facing.  This can be a big problem, especially at higher difficulties when you can die quickly.  But once you get acclimated to it you can work around it.  Still, needs to be addressed.OVERALL:Totally recommend.  Buy it, even at full price."
76561198013364990,Recommended,248820,8472979,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Moegy,Much great! Such Amaze! Indeed and yes we buy. Go play good.
,Recommended,248820,8601527,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Bagera,It's like skyrim but with pixels
,Recommended,248820,15203245,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,flaiR,One of the best Indie games I've ever played! It's full of great game play mixed with an element of difficulty that makes you want to continue playing for as long as you can last without raging that you lost to the easiest boss for the 100th time.10/10.P.S: I think Enforcer is one of the best characters. ♥
,Recommended,248820,7711405,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,Infern,"If you enjoy terraria... and the boss battles this game might actually Pique your interest... Imagine a game where time affects difficulty and spawn rates of enemies... Items are the only way to increase your survival. From Damage, Healing and Life increasing items.This is my opinion. Some people will dislike the game due to certain elements for grinding...Characters are unlocked by completing achievements.Example: Engineer collect 40 Drones (One of the most OP characters).Just try the game for fun. If you're the type of people to give up easily don't buy the game...People who played Binding of Isaac, Spelunky or games with Items that increase you're stats.I will not score this... Since Scores are opinionated."
,Not Recommended,248820,20675434,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Asriel Dreamypants,This game would be great if not for the fact that randomly in the middle of a stage the game would crash. So here I am getting worked up and feeling awesome about almost beating the game and all of the sudden I crash lose all my data and not get any characters I worked hard for.
,Recommended,248820,10899055,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Risk,How Much Crap Can You Put in Your Pockets: The Movie: The Game
,Recommended,248820,10141068,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Green Tea,"Great game, although I have yet to see the promised rain."
,Recommended,248820,13887240,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,des onoeiganogin,Over all this is a really fun game to play to pass time. The fact that I got it for less than $3 during a Steam sale makes it that much more awesome!But there is one thing that has bugged me about it... and that the Online Co-Op! I'm finding it really difficult to get it to work. Its not like other games where you just click on Multiplayer and find a match with no problem.If someone could tell me how to get it working that would be GREAT!
76561198151828811,Recommended,248820,20465708,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Mr420DoABong69,"I got to run around as a chef robot and throw cleavers [at aliens] that boomerang back to me, cover the aliens in oil and set them on fire.....Had a great time.  10/10Would chef robot again!It also has an amazing soundtrack!!soundtrack 9/10Would soundtrack again"
,Recommended,248820,19130527,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Unpageable,"For every death you suffer, you’ll learn something you previously didn’t. You’ll surely rage at every failure, but you’ll be just as tempted to give it “just another go”. Then when you are least expecting it, the atmosphere and lore will suck you in, teaching you how best to survive against the elements, how best to utilise the relics, how best to maximise your skills’ potential, how best to buff up your character in the least amount of time.You’ll realise your understanding of “calculated risk” was wrong all along.Then and only then, it will be the time for your enemies to die.When you have finally exhausted every possible danger the planet was kin on throwing at you, and you stand triumphant at the very end of the world. You’ll want to begin the cycle anew with a different character.“To live is to suffer, to survive is to find some meaning in the suffering.”Friedrich Nietzsche"
,Recommended,248820,8064679,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Godsend,"Time flies when playing Risk of Rain, you can't just stop because you're constantly trying to get more and more overpowered. Ridiculously fun and addictive, and definitely one of my favorite games of 2013. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,248820,14360393,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Fospunk,"I tell ya, stacking up 30 items, all giving you a specific ability, you will feel like a god, and feel awesome doing it, the message it sends at the end makes this game even more amazing than it already was, the final boss is very satisfying, and it's just plain satisfying to mow down enemies with a barage of bullets, if you want a fast paced action game with plenty of play time to get every character collected. plus, since you focus so much on the game play and where enemies are, you'll never loose track of time, especially since there is a clock. a full playthrough may take you 40 minutes to an hour.basically, just buy the ♥♥♥♥ing game. highly reccomended"
,Recommended,248820,8685811,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Chayse,Havn't had this much fun with a 10$ title in a very long time
76561198082773646,Recommended,248820,32190219,Posted: 4 June,all,Shandamon,This is one of those games I can play over and over again even after beating it. Risk of Rain is about surviving and getting stronger as you progress. The monsters get stronger as the time progresses until it reaches a point where you can spend upto 30 minutes on a level. There are 12 characters you can play as and you only get to play as 1 at first (you have to unlock the other 11). Each of these characters have different skills and playstyles. My favorite is theHuntress. The way you get stronger to take on harder enemies is to level up (increasing stats) and to get items that do helpful things.Pros:+ 4 Player co-op+ Nostalgic music+ Variety of characters to choose from+ Randomised spawns to add replayabilityCons:- Some characters can have very little chance to survive on higher difficulties (*cough*Enforcer).- Some characters can be super OP with the right items.- Can be frustrating for some people?
76561198064326873,Recommended,248820,11583271,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Darth Vaper,difficulty so stupid hard that it laughs at you11/10
,Recommended,248820,11586294,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,happykillin,gud gaem
,Recommended,248820,8369414,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Iroquois,"This game gets action, pixel art, coop and replayability right. If you like any of those, I highly suggest checking it out. Gaming aesthetics that this will appeal to include: Sensation, Challenge, Fellowship (Small group/coop), Discovery. For more on understanding Aesthetics and how they apply to the games you enjoy (understanding of why you enjoy them) see:http://8kindsoffun.com/(This link is super simple HTML and requires no plugins nor will shove adverts or obnoxious-ware in your face)"
76561198042504155,Recommended,248820,17082123,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Urso,"It is one of the few rogue likes, that I can simply pick up and play.Also the difficulty is such that if you take your time you will be overwhelmed, but going fast means you are underleveled."
,Recommended,248820,16271132,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,IQstorm,This game is a hole new perspective to games. Bringing challange but joy without frustration is a hard job for many programmers as they usually skip the part of making stuff fit togheter. This game is completely fair and have brought me many hours of wonderfullness! I bought this for my friend cause he needed this joy and has brought us togheter with BroShip!
,Recommended,248820,32543707,Posted: 18 June,all,Saul_Myers,Risk of Rain 2 when.
76561198142099129,Recommended,248820,24105928,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,[2.Han.IR]Goldmania™,Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die!Die?10/10 Die.
,Recommended,248820,15634871,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Kodyd194,"Risk of Rain was a pleasant surprise. It was recommended to me by a friend and I have been having a blast in it ever since! The art, the music, the gameplay its all great fun.  There are so many game changing items and characters to unlock, to top it of with variable levels and multiplayer, its just a great game to play with friends."
76561198088689997,Recommended,248820,9844410,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,iskander1989,"I'm trully amazed with this game. It gives you a hard challenge, but nothing impossible (in normal mode). Items are very interesting and achievements makes you proud to reach them."
,Recommended,248820,8403436,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,dropoutoflife,buy this game.
,Recommended,248820,11649141,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,GunterGunts,"This is honestly worth the simple 10 bucks. Plenty of classes, items, areas, enemies and bosses, and random spawns. Most of all, plenty of challenge. For me, its style and execution worked surprisingly well together, sprite-art [best art :3] with random spawned everything on a difficulty that increased every 5 minutes? It works extremely well. On the difficulty, it stops at nice little level labled ""HAHAHAHA"", but the difficulty doesn't there. Even after filling the bar, the clock is still agaisnt you. As for the enemies, each one is diverse and usually match the area. From Bighorn Bison charging short distances to deal massive damage, to a giant frackin turtle that shoots artillary in a volcano. Each class requires a different style, and none of them come close another. You have ranged classes and melee classes, each with different base stats and scaling, excluding items. The items...well...are a whole different review. Seriously. Just...look at the screenshot to see how many there are. Then each one is different. The runes may be taken as cheats....but you work for them. You work really...really....REALLY hard for them, and they are well earned bonuses. Either adding extra challenge or extra control of what you get. All and all, great game for those who appreciate sprite-art and getting fairly angry at a small window that repeatedly kills you, and then tells you what you do after death or that it's your fault. Get. The. Game. 10 bucks, come on. Just. Do it."
,Recommended,248820,24730942,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Sotto,"Best game to play with your buddies, still havent unlocked everything and it's pretty hard to!"
76561198037629050,Recommended,248820,7906155,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,The Seakipper,It's a great game tons of fun.
,Recommended,248820,8617500,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Seph,"Charming platformer, with random levels and different items spamming on each run, and you can unlock more by performing ingame-achievements. It also has quite a few different characters that completely change how you should approach playing the game.It's super hard too, which makes it very satisfying to finally learn how to play.Playing it coop is great."
,Recommended,248820,8708944,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Hero,"Why is this game called risk of rain? There is no rain, thus there is no risk of rain. I'm confused. 8/10"
76561198023404140,Recommended,248820,7918356,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Gary Coleman,"Quite Literally, if you think of it, this game has something like that. Want a Raging Marauder that has an army of drones, it has it."
,Recommended,248820,9097628,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,wade the brain mcclain,should be called risk of pain am i right fellas
,Recommended,248820,7756214,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,mark,"Mindblowing amounts of fun, with a great difficulty curve. Love it."
,Recommended,248820,9940087,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Zukasa,"Amazing game, very interesting from the point of view of gameplay that is not obvious in fact quite complex and fun. Attractive graphics (8 bits), scores well-aimed.It promises a long-lived enough game that will offer many hours of gameplay and more than a few challenges.Recommended in Co-Op._____________________________________________Gioco stupendo, molto interessante dal punto di vista del gameplay che non risulta scontato anzi abbastanza complesso e divertente. Grafica accattivante (8 bit), colonne sonore azzeccate.Si prospetta un gioco abbastanza longevo che offrirà parecchie ore di gioco e non poche sfide.Consigliato in modalità Co-Op."
,Recommended,248820,9967605,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,`Zphyr-HACKERMAN,"Wow. Originally when I first saw the release of this on steam, I was skeptical, but once I did end up getting it, I haven't regretted it since. There are tons of levels, tons of monsters, and tons of powerups (levels and items are randomly chosen each time to mix it up). A bunch of classes, AND there's co-op! This has an extremely low learning curve, so anyone can really pick it up and play decently within 5 minutes. The graphics combined with the amazing but fantastically themed music and smooth gameplay make this an all around great game.Yes, this IS a one-life thing. If you aren't into this, then this really isn't for you. As you progress, things get harder in the form of harder and more mosters, but also get much more fun with the increased item amounts (I got to the point once in which I was shooting auto-aiming missiles very frequently just because I was hitting monsters).The co-op and different combinations of characters you can use, on top of coordination, can really help you get far, and you'll have an incerdibly good time at it. Get some friends together, and play through a few attempts (I love the fact that if one player dies in the co-op and another player progresses onto the next level, the dead player revives. Great way to not get people bored at the game).Haven't played a game like this in a while, or a game this good in a while, for that matter. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,248820,9097179,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Sheriff Ace,"some boners need explaining. The one you get when you play this, does not."
,Recommended,248820,11645993,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Nathan (Neon),It's kinda hard... on easy mode... But still incredibly fun! 9/10
76561198084255596,Recommended,248820,24624098,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Domino's Pan Pizza $8.99,"Do you enjoy being terrible at a difficult game that passive-agressively mocks you whenever you die?Do you want to find unique items that either do nothing or make you basically ♥♥♥♥ing invincible?Do you like excellent music?Do you absolutely dispise rain?If you answered yes to any of these questions, this is the game for you!Also if you answered no to any of these questions you need to buy it.Just buy it."
76561198079412388,Recommended,248820,9308600,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Zlaf,"When I firsrt saw this game, I had a feeling that it would be a good one. I seriously enjoy the roguelike element of this game and i find the mechanics to be well fleshed out and enjoyable. I have yet to play co-op yet, but i think that this game could be quite enjoyable with a friend. The game in general is a good one and I can see how you could spend hours and hours playing this game. The one criticism I have is that at times the game feels tedious but that is more me being lazy than it is any fault of the game."
,Recommended,248820,9259037,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Neato Nito,And i was all like pew pew Merica
,Recommended,248820,30088834,Posted: 21 February,all,トゴスミ,its like binding of isaac or gungeon but platformer and better!
,Recommended,248820,15992839,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,pride,"Pretty nice game. You have four skills, you kill♥♥♥♥♥♥ Theres some evil guy that you have to kill I guess. I don't know, I beat the game a few times, theres like aliens and stuff. cool. buy this if you like, that. 8.1/10"
76561198086693090,Recommended,248820,28962447,Posted: 2 January,all,Mefala,fast. hard. perfect.
76561198069224643,Recommended,248820,28175544,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ａｙｙ 니빠,"-Picked up an item that looks like a mushroom-Called Bustling Fungus-Heals when standing still-About to die over twenty times in the same run-Run away, stand still, go in.-Rinse Repeat-Last Boss beats the everloving♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me-Starts a new run-First Item-Bustling Fungus5/7 would Bustling Fungus again."
,Recommended,248820,10891579,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ＤａＮｙａｎ,"It is a broken game, the classes are unbalanced. The mobs spawning algorithm is hideous and the curve progression is terrible. The story is weak and cliche, the hordes are limited and predictable.All these negatives sides are forgotten as the game begins!The first thing you'll notice about this game is that _survival_ is more important._survive_ the curiosity of the end of the game._survive_ and try to change the course of the story._survive_ to be the strongest.Excellent game, highly recommended!"
,Recommended,248820,9022632,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,KingSpudtato,"Incredibly addictive. fast paced 8-bit game. Your gonna think you have so much time played but then you look and 100 matches only took 5 hours. Watch out, move fast, attack smart."
,Recommended,248820,14235082,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Fullmaple,"(Note: This is my first review so don't expect some quality information i guess.)(Score at the bottom of the review)(Quick reminder that English isn't my primary language but French is. so tell me if i did any mistakes in my sentences.)Oh boy... im gonna tell you right away, i'v never been so happy to have a run (or game) full of items and just feel like a badass when playing Risk Of Rain. (In my life)Alright, you want to know what's Risk Of Rain (AKA RoR)?If you missed the description of the game, here it is."" Risk of Rain is an action platformer with roguelike elements. With permanent death as a primary feature and over 100 items to collect to help you survive your foes.""(That's all you need to know)That means that you're probably gonna die alot. anywait,This game is very ""Pixelish"" but dosen't mean that its gonna look bad. in fact the scenary and graphic are beautiful really.The soundtrack of this game is stunning, (IF you want, go listen to the soundtrack of the game on youtube, you'l like it.)Upon checking the menu, you see:-Fairly basic menu and options.-Stats-Monster Log-Item Log-Information and Backstory-Unlocks and Challenges-PLAY (Co-op or Solo)(You know, a usual menu screen.)When you'l click play, you'l notice that there is black characters that you can't choosetherefore, meaning you'l need to unlock them while playing.There is also 3 difficulties to choose from (Drizzle, normal (can't remmeber the name of it) And Monsoon)also, there's Artefacts. They are secrets that you'l unlock whensearching espacially for them. (These secrets can only appears in only one certain level and layout so be expecting some restarting)Note: these artefacts will change some game mechanics when activated thru the menu character screen, once an artefact unlocked, they are unlocked forerver! :DThe gameplay is very great! i never had a problem with my controller and keyboard! and the controls are pettry simple making it very easy to learn but hard to master. the game revolve's around ""Kitting"" (meaning being able to shoot without getting hit)-Controls are very good-Different classes to unlock and choose from. All with special mechanics and abillities-MONEY!-you have 4 abilities for every classes-items and chests-many levels with many designs-challengeing ennemies (and gameplay)-Level up mechanic-Ramdomly spawning ennemies-Ramdom level with random layout-Insane final boss-Dying garanted-Fun!Note: I want to mention that the longer you play, the more the difficulty increases. (so stuck up on items while you can!)these difficulty's escalates to-very easy-easy-medium-hard-very hard-insane-impossible-I SEE YOU-I'M COMMING FOR YOU-HAHAHAHAHAYou can play this game not only solo but IN CO-OP! isn't it awesome?!You can play in local co-op or in Online Co-op.and everybody gets to play there character, meaning that if you unlocked a character in your saves, you can choose this character in multiplayer! (Tho the other's who don't have that character can't choose it, :c )And if you are host, you can put artefacts if you have any (of course)Altough, every game comes with bugs, BUT! These bugs can be quite literally a game breaker if they are really occuring often. Lucky for me, i had no trouble with any bugs at all. (I must be playing the game too well)(BTW if you get a glitch where you character falls thru the level non-stop, restart it, fortunetly it only happens on a begining of a run so no problems there.)I'v also heard that the multiplayer is quite buggy, which i got to say is kinda true, i don't get TRUE LAG or anything like that but just some wierd glitches that did not affected my gameplay at all.Setting-up a server can be confusing at first but with the help of tutorials and Hamachi maybe, its really simple.Also don't worry about frequent update, they aren't that many update and to be straight, when there is an update, its like a gift to me. (and you guys should also take it as a gift :P)Well, for the overall, i can give this game a 9/10why not ten? well because of the bugs really, if other people can't properly play the game then its just sucks and makes unsatisfied users.At first i was gonna put 8.5 but you know what? the soundtrack, gameplay and graphics are making it for it, and i can really see the hard work put on this game.so good job dev's! even tho you release an update every month or so, we are very happy for your hard work, time and money spend on this unique game.Edit: So i heard that they fixed the multiplayer, so i guess no more occuring crashes on multiplayer? great!"
76561198074808906,Recommended,248820,9931476,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,FrOyxx,"Risk of Rain is absolutely excellent!This game was responsible for sparking my new found love for roguelikes/platformers. The soundtrack and art style make it very easy to spend long periods of time fighting for your life in this erie space world. Additionally,  the difficulty, randomized levels, and number/diversity of power-ups give allows Risk of Rain to give a whole new meaning to the ""one more try"" syndrome.If you are a gamer this game needs to be purchased!This game is worth far more than the recent prices."
76561198062468264,Recommended,248820,7817316,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,SuperBadJuJu,Brutally tough but highly addictive and a blast to play.  Some technical issues but nothing major.
76561198080216437,Recommended,248820,24272026,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,PoliticsOfStarving,"Risk of Rain is a game you can come home and play after work every day and never get sick of it, kind of like Frostbite on the Atari vcs when I was in school.There's a lot to collect, a bunch of characters to unlock. It's difficult.Because of the timed nature of the game it's easy to manage your time with it too.Great with a keyboard or a controller. Just turn off the click requirement on your left touch pad and turn up the haptics, better than any d-pad (unless you have a Saturn).The music is just awesome.The only game I've played more than this on steam is Skyrim. And if you know me (and nobody does because my friends aren't computer game nerds) that's saying a lot.I definitely recommend this game."
76561198148303964,Recommended,248820,22016750,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,hey migeual,0/10 no boobs
,Recommended,248820,24230050,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,GEPRNKAED,"Risk of Rain is an incredible roguelike game featuring permanent death and a diverse item system that sets it apart from other similar games.PROS:-Procedurally generated worlds-Around 10 unlockable characters-Multiplayer, single player and local coop- 100+ Items obtainable within games-A Relic system, where you can unlock 'relics' that change the game in some ways-Lots of replayabilityCONS:-There are a few bugs that need to be ironed out still-Multiplayer requires you to host servers, meaning giving out your IP or having to portforward.-Local co-op does not feature dynamic splitscreen, so if you move off the screen from your friends you disappear.-Dead community-A little thin on plotHowever, the pros easily outweight the cons as the only true con is the multiplayer issues. So anyday I'd reccomend this."
76561198025674228,Recommended,248820,10952431,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Kasselite,I would absolutely recommend this for anybody who finds replaying games multiple times to unlock things addictive. I can't stop playing it until I have everything!
,Recommended,248820,22598735,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Twisty,"This game will make you feel like a god. This planet will bow down to you. Missiles will block out the sun. Lasers will obliterate anything that stands in your way. You will set fire to this world and everything within it. Every jetpack-powered jump will send you to the edge of the universe and back. Your character becomes a blur as he kills everything in a steroid-fueled frenzy.You will kill God.But first, you will die. Countless times. The planet will show you no mercy. You will have your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you. You must work hard to become legendary. But when you look back and see how far you've come, you'll see that every death was worth it. It was worth getting clapped to death by a golem a million times. Every time that the Magma Worm crashed into you, it was worth it. It was even worth enduring the insults that the game itself throws at you-""That was absolutely your fault"",""Sucks to suck"", and even""ur dead LOL get rekt"".But if you keep at it, filled with DETERMINATION, you will avenge your many deaths and show the game who is the boss. You will become god.Play this game!"
,Recommended,248820,11836999,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,CaptainSiscold,"Started a new game""Oh, this looks nice""Kills some enemies""Man, this is a fun little platformer!""*five minutes later*""AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!""*dies by Magma Worm*10/10 would die again...and again...and again..."
,Recommended,248820,14459240,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Cheg,risk of rain is literally more terrifying then any other game you can play right now satan comes out of the ground and takes the souls of the innocent as a dark sacrifice to our lord and dictator obama sin laden jesus christ this game gave me wang bang shiggity bop10/10 would bang
,Recommended,248820,13094524,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Doomed Scum,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is amazing.Unlock characters, get gold, loop through rounds and last for a LONG time.Fight bosses and tons of mobs.Get loads of power-ups and become OP.Only problem is that they need to fix the FATAL ERRORS for Co-op and Final Boss.Give it a go. Still fun overall even with the errors."
,Recommended,248820,14411334,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,dandrea,Simple. Awesome.
,Recommended,248820,13971068,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Trisket,"​I'll preface this review by saying it is one of the best video games I have ever played.This is a game where game-play is king. The mechanics are simple, with each class having four basic attacks, however the nature of game ensures that no playthrough is the same. As you progress you unlock new classes, all of whom have a unique play style, and new drops which are crucial to the variety in the experience you'll have during each of your playthroughs. Marooned on an alien planet you fight your way through each level in search of a teleport, which when activated releases a boss, or in many cases in the late game bosses. The longer you take to find the teleport and collect items the harder the game becomes, as indicated by an ever increasing difficulty meter. This introduces the dilemma of either speeding through everything with minimal gear against an easier game or stockpiling against a harder one. The basic layout of each respective level is the same with every playthrough, but the placement of the teleport and chests is random. Which levels you traverse are also random, with the exception of the last two (the second to last being my personal favorite) which are always the same. You can do an entire playthrough in about 45 minutes or less, or you can play for 3 or more hours continuously looping through the game again and again as the difficulty continuously ramps. While graphically simplistic, the stylized nature lends itself quite well to the melancholy atmosphere. Performance wise this game will run on anything more powerful than a TI-84, it runs smoothly even on my measly E5500 Dell work laptop with its 2.8 ghz Core 2 Duo, 4gb ram, and 400mhz integrated graphics; my gaming PC barely registers its existence. There is some slowdown when things get absurd (my weak laptop bottomed out at a still playable 28 fps while I was fighting against 3 magma worms and had more than 80 enemies spawned) which I'm guessing is engine related because I've seen improvements as the game has been updated. To be honest the slowdown was and still is rather helpful, like with certain NES games the drop in frame-rate gives you time to assess the chaotic situation you've gotten yourself into. The controls are tight and perfectly suited for the difficulty; I recommend playing with a controller. This leads into the challenge, which in this game is perfect. Never have I died and had it been the fault of the game or some cheap trick, each death is the result of my own mistakes which makes the game both humbling and satisfying.I'm a fanboy, genuine 10/10.Also: I got this game on sale for $2.49, and it is well worth the $9.99."
,Recommended,248820,7998894,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,"poop, not blood",Edit save.ini ::[Achievement]achievement0=2achievement1=2achievement2=2achievement3=2achievement4=2achievement5=2achievement6=2achievement7=2achievement8=2achievement9=2achievement10=2achievement11=2achievement12=2achievement13=2achievement14=2achievement15=2achievement16=2achievement17=2achievement18=2achievement19=2achievement20=2achievement21=2achievement22=2achievement23=2achievement24=2achievement25=2achievement26=2achievement27=2achievement28=2achievement29=2achievement30=2achievement31=2achievement32=2achievement33=2achievement34=2achievement35=2achievement36=2achievement37=2achievement38=2achievement39=2achievement40=2achievement41=2achievement42=2achievement43=2achievement44=2achievement45=2achievement46=2achievement47=2achievement48=2[Record]achievement_number_unlocked=49﻿
,Recommended,248820,7906416,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Zobby,Really good game for fans of games such as Binding of Isaac and other rogue-like games!
,Recommended,248820,8552450,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Squire Grooktook,"FIRST IMPRESSION:Kind of like Binding of Isaac in that it's not too hot as either an action game or a rogue like, but is a bit more interesting and entertaining as a hybrid of these two gameplay styles. Still though, I'd have to recommend Rogue Legacy or Spelunky over this, as they have much more intrinsically satisfying gameplay despite not being as close to ""true"" roguelikes (in my opinion).I think it's decent fun, but not quite deserving of a spot in my ""real man games for real men"" steam library category. That's just a first impression though, will stick with it to see if it gets better."
76561198044048082,Recommended,248820,8571284,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Killroy,"Clocking about an entire day into this game, i feel that i should write atleast an opinion on this game and let me say. pretty badass...For an action platformer with a relatively easy combat system to get into (4 buttons do stuff, kill things to get money) and simple yet appealing art style, Risk of Rain is a pretty good game with a very decieving difficulty curve. i will not lie to you, there is no shame in playing in Drizzle mode (Easy mode) to atleast gain access to all the charecters and some of the items.With a good amount of replayability with all the different items and different classes to pick, Risk of rain is a game i would very much recomend to anyone. Obvously from the screenshots you can see that its not exactly ""graphically intensive"" but i can say without a shadow of the doubt that this game delivers in gameplay and a very gripping atmosphere through music, stage design and enemy design. it is very much worth the 10 dollars (or youre regional price) i put in it and im sure it can be worth your money and time too"
,Recommended,248820,19206858,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Traumatic Reverse Childbirth,"Defeated the final boss for the 5th time and got a moster log from him, then during the credits the game crashed.500,000,000/10 Would be soul crushingly disapointed again"
,Recommended,248820,10639132,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Lil Booben,This game is difficult. But please don't let that stop you from this gorgeous game! For 5$ this game is a steal right now. The ammount of content is decent and the enemies never stop suprising me! Please pick this title up!
76561198083384258,Recommended,248820,13694330,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Hasp,Too good of a game. Think Terraria with fighting versus building.10/10
,Recommended,248820,24454925,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Glorious Rose,One of the best games I've played.Pros:+Replay value.+Cool mechanics.+Great soundtrack.+Suits different playstyles.+Long-term goals (for rogue)+Fun achievements.Con:-Multiplayer needs some tweaking (matchmaking and easier connection with a friend)
,Recommended,248820,20750746,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Necaffeine,"A++This game.It really shocked me how much I found myself enjoying it.It's easy to pick up right away, get the hang of, and its replayability is earnestly addictive.Even when the runs stretch over the hour the intuitive yet simplistic design choices ensure that they do not get tiring.I just really love this game, well worth the price tag.- Pros -Replay value.Pleasing artstyle.Twelve unique classesLots of items, lots and lots of items.Satisfying every time, Even in death.-Cons-There's one bug when changing from windowed mode to fullscreen that causes a crash.That's really all I could find wrong with it."
76561198007096935,Recommended,248820,10248369,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,IxIIIxIIIxVII,"best game of 2013 IMO.  Love the art. Love the music. Love the gameplay. Fresh, new and innovative."
,Recommended,248820,9461320,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Boneless Rice,"An Extremely Challenging Game, With Permanent Death as a Primary Feature.Each Game Is Certainly Different, As you Get Randomized Items And as Time goes on, Enemies are Harder.Balancing Completion and Luck is Totally In the Game's Hands."
76561198102221975,Recommended,248820,13638819,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Spaghetti Knight Gael,"This is good, but the book is better 7/10."
76561198002696085,Recommended,248820,7720398,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,Paleblue,"This game has a number of similarities to others in its genre (Roguelike), but expands in a number of areas which really makes this a worthwhile game. Notably the characters which you unlock have multiple abilities, meaning the combat is faster paced and more varied. On top of that the various characters and items are all quite unique and unlocked at a steady pace, meaning its easy to keep coming back for more. Great music and the overall aesthetics are fine.Multiplayer coop is great BUT can be a little tricky to set up, lucky there is a handy guide to get it working;http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=193316279Overall if you like games such as Spelunky or Rogue Legacy with the fairly unique factor of a sci fi setting then I definitely recommend Risk of Rain."
76561197962820946,Recommended,248820,7795395,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Rego,"You crash land on a planet full of creatures that want you dead!The games difficulty starts on ""very easy"" and progresses to ""HAHAHAHAH!""(The Difficulty increases with time)The game plays like this:Kill mobs, Aquire wealth, Open chests, Gain items, Get enraged when shrines won't drop items, Keep Killing, Keep moving, Find portal, Survive onslaught, Next levelThe items are what make the game interesting, the whole thing is a ""rouge-lite"", meaning sometimes you will find useful items, often you will not.10 playable classes each with their own unique challenges which add extra drops into the loot tables5 Stages that are randomly generated (not totally sure how many different stages there are, there are more than 5 though)3 Different difficulty settingsSo really good replayability!Playing with other people is a lot of fun, sharing the item drops with them is not, especially when they are getting really nice drops and you have 4 stacks of ""barbed wire""The Game supports both local and online co-op (you will have to forward a port and share your ip for the online part)"
,Recommended,248820,10788389,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Paradox McFly,Game is good. Make sure you poop first before playing though.
,Recommended,248820,8448777,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,4th,"Played 3 hours (that felt like 30 minutes,) and this is by far one of the best games I've played this year. I am not even a fan of platformers. 10/10, would suggest, surprised it isn't being sold for more than 10 bucks and 33% off of that should almost be considered theft."
76561198070220734,Recommended,248820,14382090,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Sir'osaurus-Rex,"At first it is pretty difficult and you might not be able to get past the first stage, but once you get some artifacts the game can get really hard or easy. So it be good"
,Recommended,248820,7683361,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,ThorAxe,This game is so damn awesome. EASILY worth 10 bucks. The replay value is incredible.
,Recommended,248820,10236974,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,IcePotato,This is a brutally hardcore run-n-gun and as such it is only for people who want to intensely learn the ins and outs of this specific game and do nothing else for like ten hours.
,Recommended,248820,11323574,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,tullece,"Risk of Rain it's a platformer retro style game that offers great challenge. The goal it's to finish the game as fast as possible, cause the difficult increases as time goes by. The game features local and online coop.It features 6 stages that needs to be completed in order to finish the game. And that's where the real challenge are. There are 10 characters in total, but only 1 is playable at the start of the game, the others needs unique requirements to be unlocked.You can also find artifacts throughout the game that helps on your way.In a general review I can say that Risk of Rain offers great fun and addictive gameplay, and it's a must have for retro style games and platformers enthusiastics."
,Recommended,248820,7755935,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,The Dick Wrangler,"A very very fun rogue-lite (permadeath, randomly generated-stuff) that I highly recommend to people who like a challenging games. It's very similar to Binding of Isaac in that there are many items you can acquire with interesting bonuses, like leeching bullets, bombs that do more damage the more money you have, and a mask that turns all the enemies you kill into vengeful spirits at your command. Add this to multiplayer, a great aesthetic style, ten distinct characters with fun skills to play with, and swarms of angry monsters and you've got a bit of an idea of what Risk of Rain is."
,Recommended,248820,7771365,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Buskskytt,"It never rains, it pours of awesome from this game!"
,Recommended,248820,7794108,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Jonno,"Rogue-like elements, pixel art and a kick♥♥♥♥♥soundtrack."
,Recommended,248820,7829099,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,＠ｐｉｒｓ,Fun as ♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,248820,7835002,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Chrl,"This game is really fun to play(especially with friends!), has a wonderful style, and really groovin' tunes. <3"
,Recommended,248820,12805616,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,AblazedLlama,one of my fav 2d games loads of fun and tons of items to collect and a good character selection evrey time you play it will be diffrent and now with the artifacts added its even better
,Recommended,248820,14411315,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,TreaHugger,10/10 Almost beat Providence for the first time at my gfs house on my first run on her computer and died as commando when ___ much health was showingWould play again
,Recommended,248820,8402760,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,5upportive mother,"it's a shame to get something for a price that drops down just the next day. if you're really thinking about getting this then don't be me, get it now. you wouldn't regret it. at least i don't."
,Recommended,248820,8240541,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,zandramaS,"Great game, hours of fun and so many unlocks!"
76561198139006148,Recommended,248820,19839622,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Dr. Ambiguous,"Quick Breakdown:A thrilling roguelike action platformer with multiple classes to play as, and a unique way to handle the game’s difficulty.Length:14-16 hours (Main game), 1-2 hours (Single run)Genre:Platformer / Action / RoguelikeScore:8/10Note:Controller recommended.Full Review:Risk of Rainis a strong action platform, it has some roguelike elements that give it some interesting qualities, as well as some unique quirks too.The game features 12 different classes to play as, though you only begin with one, the Commando. While it’s not my favourite class to play as, it’s thankfully a good one to begin the game with. The other classes are unlocked by completing various tasks in the game.Each class has its own unique attacks and qualities. You have 4 attacks or abilities with each class, 3 of which require a cooldown period before they can be used again, the duration of which varies by character and attack. The final attack is just a basic attack that can be used as often as you like with no cool down (essentially it’s your basic attack). The cooldown on some attacks and abilities gives the combat an interesting twist, as you can’t just use any attack at any time. This means that sometimes you must think before using an attack so you don’t screw yourself over in case you need itjustafter, or to prioritize the order of your attacks so that the one with the longer cooldown is used first.For the Commando you have a basic shot, a shotgun attack that pierces through enemies, a rapid shooting attack in both directions, and finally a dodge roll. My favourite class to play is the Huntress, as she’s the best for kiting (running back and forth while shooting, and causing enemies to follow you in a way that groups them together); she auto-targets when firing, and one of her attacks even hits multiple enemies too.The game features a total of 7 levels per play-through, with most levels having 2 different stages to play, and each stage having more than one possible layout. Being a roguelike, the randomized elements don’t end there; scattered throughout each level are various chests and shrines that give you items to augment your character. The pickup items are randomized through each play-through and their effects range from improving your attack by increasing damage, attack speed, or adding an electrical shock that targets enemies near the enemy you hit. Other augmentations improve your health regeneration abilities, increase your movement speed, or even give you a use item of some sort (with varying cooldown rates). One must purchase chests to be able to get the item inside; as the difficulty level increases, so does the price of the chest, in general, the more expensive the chest (relative to the others on the level), the better the item. Money is earned simply by killing enemies.One of the unique aspects of the game is the way the difficulty scales. For every 5 minutes you spend during a play-through, the game’s difficulty goes up one level. There’s a bar in the upper right corner showing you both the time and difficulty level, such as Easy, Hard, Nightmare, Impossible, etc. After 10 levels the text will cease to change, though the difficulty level still increments every 5 minutes. For each level of difficulty increase, more enemies will spawn, they’ll have more health and do more damage, and tougher enemies will also spawn. Eventually the difficulty will increment to the point where bosses will spawn along with the normal enemies. This forces one to balance how much time they spend farming on a level before progressing to the next one, as they risk increasing the difficulty at a rate disproportionate to the reward.  The game itself has some difficult, but it’s not terribly high. However the combat system does have some unique quarks (as discussed earlier), and combined with the difficulty scaling, it does take some getting used to.The game took me somewhere in the neighborhood of 14 hours before I completed my first successful run. Each run will only take about 60-120 minutes to play all the way through (obviously less if you die early).If you play with a keyboard then the controls default to moving with the arrow keys, jumping with space, and using zxcv to attack or use abilities. I found this set up awkward, and while remapping the attacks to qwer did make things easier, I still greatly preferred playing with a controller. A friend of mine mentioned that this control set up was similar to DOTA 2 or other MOBAs, though I haven’t ever played any, so I can’t comment. However, I mention it just in case those used to that sort of game find the keyboard controls more functional than I did.The game has some UI issues, for one I can’t scroll through the menus with the arrow keys, I instead need to use the mouse. It’s a minor thing that should be added, and it’s quite an annoyance at times. Furthermore, the game does offer controller support, but it must be toggled on/off in the sub-menu for the game controller setup. Toggling this on will also disable the keyboard controls in-game until it’s toggled off again. This is counter-intuitive in two ways, both in that the controller needs to be turned on, and in that it renders the keyboard unusable until it’s turned off again. Finally, and the biggest one for me personally, is you are not able to use the Steam overlay to take screenshots or upload them to Steam. This meant I had to use ctrl print screen to take pictures, pause the game, paste them in a Word doc, and then eventually upload them to Imgur.So in the end,Risk of Rainis a very strong action platformer, with roguelike elements to help spice the game up; its combat system and difficulty scaling help keep it interesting, while the different classes help extend its longevity."
,Recommended,248820,19860613,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Croy,"Risked some rain with a friend. The online play wasn't perfect, but when it worked it was a blast."
76561198146868406,Recommended,248820,20416814,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Benny,Serious Review: It is such a great game. I find the mechanics just perfect and unlocking a character is just so fullfilling. (Even if i have only 4 charcters in total lol)Not Serious Review: You kill monsters to level up and get coins then you use coins to get items to kill more monsters in more ways then you kill the final monster boss then you do it again and again. And then you realise there is no rain.....
,Recommended,248820,20701880,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,SickDuckGaming,"noice RPG, i really like it  11/10"
,Recommended,248820,20710445,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Wacka Packa,This is BY FAR the COOLEST perma death 2d game i've ever played. It has so much action and it is so intense in the later levels!+ Cool music+ Cool bosses+ Leveling system+ 2D and pixelated :P+ Many Items and Monsters to find----------------------------(For me)- Sound sometimes bug out- Multiplayer is hard to set up
,Recommended,248820,20641138,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,EGO DEATH,This game is fantastic!
,Recommended,248820,21312746,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,CoronaKing,"Great game!  100% awesome, my ONLY complaint, is that I have a completion OCD, and from what I've read on several forums, the game is broken, and doesn't allow 100%.  I guess the global unlock (that you see in the unlocks section) for the Fireman's Boots, doesn't show up.  You can still get them, and see them in the item log, but since the global achieve doesn't show in the game, you can't get 100%, without some editing of some game files.  i hope this is fixed at some point, looking at that 99% drives me nuts!"
,Recommended,248820,21223384,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Viceroy Phoenix,I had hopes and dreams once. This game was the cold fish-slap of reality.11/10 would Risk the Rain again.
,Recommended,248820,12881366,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Wefflez,"Best purchase on steam without a doubt. An intensely immersive game that I could not stop playing. It started out as just another rogue-like game with a little twist made by a couple of guys who just wanted to make a game. It turned into a game that drives in not only intense difficult gameplay, but fast paced decision making and a strangely immersive plot. The gameplay, made by people who have obviously played or at least heard of Dota 2 and LoL, is like combining a sidescrolling platformer with a moba and a rogue-like. The game stays completely unique with a vast number of items, enemies, and characters. The longer you play the game, the harder it gets.....literally.....the difficulty increases the longer the run. The game feels to work like a rogue-like where the enemies are super overpowered after the first level, but the items you get are even more overpowered. It's like fighting over power on a much larger scale than I have ever seen before in a rogue-like game. The makers of this game put so much time into it that I feel like I'm still not doing the game justice by completing 89% of it. I can't stress how much this game can play with you emotionally (the music writer is a goddamn genius on the last stage). I'm stopping this review here because there is too much to say and I have already said enough, but I highly recommend purchasing this game. It is, and will remain, in my top games list. I am never changing my magma worm background, no matter how poorly the JPG is compressed and scaled ;D."
,Recommended,248820,23260761,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,BOOrkie,"a curious little game that ventures you into a mysterious land to tread cautiously among eerie creatures.it offers a super cool cosmic ambience paired with an awesome soundtrack that truly makes you feel like you're on an alien planet.  playing this game was a great pleasure- thanks, devs. ♥"
76561198055451010,Recommended,248820,23474970,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Supersnowleopard,"I don't know but I keep coming back to this game and after playing it tonight again I decided to do a review of it.Well I first came into contact after watching a Youtube recommending it, and I thought ""why not"" and bought it, and I haven't since regretted it.I want to talk about the mechanics of this game that makes it pretty unique. You play a rogue lite 2d sidescroller  with one of many different  and interesting characters. Even the standard Commado soldier character you start with feels really good he is still one of my favorite dudes together with acrid (a disease riddled seamonster). All the characters starts with four different abilities and the hav very different playstyles, so you can play characters that specializes in long range for example the sniper with his insanely long range and precision tactics or you can jump around like a crazy person with a pickaxe with another character.  Also you pick up different powerups during the level and you often have a ridiculous amount of  stuff like most other  ""rogue lites"" which is always fun in my eyes.Also the implemented a cool type of modifier that makes the enemies tougher the longer your run is. So it is in most cases worth to stick around in a level to get all stuff because if you keep doing that the first enemies on the next level will be so strong that they will immediately kick your♥♥♥♥♥so fast that you will have no idea what just happened.I will also talk a little bit about the level design that is in most cases levels that are pre made but have some different random elements as spawn and portals that will activate the next level.Some issues I have to inform you about is that there is some levels that if you get them in a run you will mostly loose because that they are so much harder than the rest which feels pretty sad when you think about how good most maps are.To summarize this review I Can recommend this game to people  that loves ""rogue lite"" games and people that need to just occupy their hands and mind for some time when there are listening to some great music or the fantastic soundtrack of this game."
,Recommended,248820,28719681,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,LOL Belouzo,The game is simple and addictive.Highly recommend it to people who like Rogue-like/Rogue-Lite games.
76561198042068983,Recommended,248820,28783179,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Araknos,A very fun game to play with friends. The increasing difficulty sets the pace very well.
76561198219237143,Recommended,248820,32911888,Posted: 27 June,all,Bladem0n,"Great game, best played with friends"
,Recommended,248820,27444802,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ugyuu ウギュー,"Want a game that can kill you in the very first minute of gameplay? This challenging classic-themed game definetely has that for everyone. This game has alot of features and even different classes that i absolutely love.Don't forget about the different artifacts that can make the game easier (the artifact of Command) or significantly harder (the artifact of Sacrifice) This game has an incredible amount of replayability for such a limited game, only having about 6 stages, where 4 of these can be an entirely different stage design!I am still playing more of this game even after writing this review. I have gotten used to it's difficulty but i still love every second of the challenge. Definetely recommending this one, even if it's from 2013.8/10"
,Recommended,248820,27020436,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Roh42,"One of the best games i have ever played. It has a very simple premisse, the longer you play the harder it gets, making you balance time and startegy, and probably diying anyway. Amazing Athmosphere, caused by the beautiful art connected with strong and powerful music.Risk of Rain is an awesome game you shouldn't miss"
,Recommended,248820,28296635,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,DarkRainer,"This game will go down as one of the most underrated indie games in history. The gameplay is solid and is always different due to the game being a rogue like, the soundtrack is amazing and if you like difficult games, you're going to love this piece of art."
,Recommended,248820,28403434,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,BluDemon,"I've played this both alone and with friends, the achives in game and on steam are fun to get, and I've had fun finding the artifacts and grabbing all the characters. Its a great play with friends too, picking out the best loot and slowly learnign what is best for you to be picking up.   Great game overall!"
,Recommended,248820,28459497,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,내 구멍은 내 삼촌을위한거야,It's a great game that will most likely become greater when the Special Delivery mod comes out.
,Recommended,248820,28631582,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,MrWizard,"One of my favorite games of all time, definitely would recommend. Have probably around 100+ offline hours and don't regret a single one. This game is fun for casual players and for people seeking a challenge ;). My only issue is online multiplayer is a real task to get running. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,248820,7857018,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,labtob,hooray!
,Recommended,248820,34453395,Posted: 23 August,all,Dot,the best thing about this game is when you are too overpowered and crash the game
,Recommended,248820,8493819,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Strawberry,"Very good game. Tight controls. lots of action, totally addictive. Highly Reccommend."
,Recommended,248820,8773613,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Prolak,THAT GAME THO!
,Recommended,248820,9059173,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,CAUTION-R-WTF-1,hell yes
76561198079883422,Recommended,248820,8490162,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Punchlines,This game is iconic.
,Recommended,248820,8594708,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,siddeus,play this!
,Recommended,248820,9149340,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Kalƒin,Get.
,Recommended,248820,34025190,Posted: 4 August,all,James,Risk of Ultimate Frustration is actually a better name tho.
76561197961093613,Recommended,248820,7799314,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Snaptroll,Glory
,Recommended,248820,7631700,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,The Bacon Deity,"Fantastic roguelike. Difficult, but rewarding. Great art style, always discovering new things every playthrough. It's almost scary how much crap can happen in the game."
,Recommended,248820,20652942,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,The Disciple,Good game with nice levels and challenge ! 9/10
,Recommended,248820,12316166,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Cancer,It' my fabourite game ever !!
,Recommended,248820,7771847,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Ore,"Very Enjoyable game, as you can see from my play time, I have played it for hours!Though the game is kind've hard (very hard) everytime I die I want to play again! Every death feels like you fault, not the games, so it makes you want to try harder when you play again.The game has online co-op local co-op, and a singleplayer. The local co-op requires wireless controllers and a reciever that you can pick up on amazon for about $16.I personally reccomend playing with a controller, but the keyboard support is good.I hope you find this review helpful!PS: I just made it to the third level! Skill right?"
76561198057504509,Recommended,248820,7849031,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,hawky105,"A rouge-Like/Lite with a difference, I'm addicted! Fast, Frantic, Chaotic and above all very, very, very FUN! :P"
,Recommended,248820,8112086,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,The 4th Triumvir,"Do you like lasers!? Do you like bears!? Do you like bears with lasers!? Do you like bears with lasers that explode and shoot lightning from their paws!? Do you like bears with lasers that explode, shoot lightning from their paws and spit acid in your face!?CAN YOU NAME ONE OTHER GAME THAT HAS ALL OF THESE THINGS AND TRUCKLOADS BESIDES? DIDN'T THINK SO!!!This ARPG roguelike has none of those things. Except for lasers. It definitely has lasers. Oh, and explosions. LOTS of explosions and lightning and fire and death and blood and bullets and... wait, I'm getting ahead of myself here.Risk of Rain is a 2D Action RPG with light platforming elements. Your cargo ship crashes into an unknown planet filled with creatures that want nothing more than to see your bloody corpse sprawled on the ground. So you know what you do? You kill them to survive and because they explode with money and XP. You use the money to unlock crates from the crash which contain anything from a mortar, to a tesla coil, to some weird regenerating egg thing which frankly kind of creeps me out, but it regenerates your heath so it's cool. These Items will help you survive through the levels which increase in difficulty as time passes. Also, there's co-op.Seriously, buy this game. It's great."
,Recommended,248820,8200740,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Wombo-Combo,"Action packed, thrilling and action packed! The side scrolling ""Binding of Isaac"" - Risk of Rain is totaly worth the ten bucks, I would recommend it to everyone who likes rougelikes with alot of action."
,Recommended,248820,8079321,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Paulie,"Great game. After purchasing it was relatively difficult to pick up any other game, I kept wanting me some RoR. There's a nice random element involved in each playthrough, you never know which items you're gonna roll. Item variety is pretty nice and you unlock even more of them as you go. Class balance is pretty poor, so you might struggle with some of them while playing solo - while on the other hand, it makes for a hard challenge, if you're into that. Gameplay aside - soundtrack by Chris Christodoulou is PHENOMENAL. If you like the genre, you won't be disappointed. Also, highly recommended if you've friends to co-op with."
,Recommended,248820,7771789,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Garrbage,"An excellent game for anyone that likes Mega Man, Cave Story, Metroid and the like. The use of roguelike elements--procedural enemy spawns, random goal position, random goodies found throughout the level, random selection of pre-set levels-- is very tight and very well-done and reminiscent of the other very well-crafted nontraditional roguelike ""The Binding of Isaac"".That said, it still has heavy roguelike elements, and if those turn you off, this game will only make you hate them more.Great price, though with the bugs it contains, it's a YMMV sort of deal.Oh, and it is absolutely gorgeous."
,Recommended,248820,7827406,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Cheezegami,"This game is amazing, if you liked Binding of Isaac, Spelunky, Rogue Legacy, Cave Story, Terraria, Metroid, Castlevania, Etc. You'll enjoy this game. This game is a roguelite, in the same aspect as Binding of Isaac, which means you have permadeath with unlockables. This game is in the style of a 2d platformer. You unlock various classes for every playstyle and every new playthrough feels unique. The replayability is immerse and for 9 euro's you can never go wrong with this game. IT IS A MUST PLAY. So play it already.Ps. I forgot to mention, IT IS HARD, like TOUGH hard. So brace yourselves for a tough time ahead."
,Recommended,248820,7842773,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,BrokeBroker,le wowvery
76561197971912013,Recommended,248820,7904248,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Masamune,Amazing game. Totally recommend it. Randomly generated RPG where you lose your exp and level on death. Gets harder as time goes on. Epic and has CO-OP!
,Recommended,248820,8008615,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Air Raider,Addictive and beautiful even though it is a heavy sprite based game it still flows well. The game is hard and the last level always lags hard because the amount of enemys on the screen but you just know you are that much closer to demolishing the final boss.
,Recommended,248820,8436313,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,s0meday,If you like games like this then you will play again and again in this MAD AWESOME GAAAAAMEASDFGHGC!
76561198080774407,Recommended,248820,8461461,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Slamduncd,Well worth the price of 2 drinks at the barit's worth the price of bottle service at the barDefinite VIP action up in hurr
,Recommended,248820,8368175,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,✪ Vagaboondy,This game is great!
,Recommended,248820,8473883,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Bean Sheen the Kinky Queen,"so good, buy it now"
,Recommended,248820,8548914,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Clegg Buvins,"Insanely awesome, random platforming action. Four basic skills and a roulette of perks to be found or bought each playthrough. Perfection of the ""easy to learn, difficult to master"" style of simplicity, buy it."
76561198019965013,Recommended,248820,8634262,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Dedmoth,"You can read all the info above regarding the storyline of the game.What I really enjoyed about it was the sheer madness the game turns into by the last levels.  I sttarted off playing very slowly through levels and it took a while before I was able to get passed level 3.  While the game CAN start slow, it picks up momentum pretty fast throwing the player into increasingly difficult levels wiuth massive amounts of enemies.  Since you are playing with the 'only one life' mechanic, each move and upgrade you take needs to be part of a game-long plan.  I've had hours of fun with this title, and with Hamachi multiplayer makes it that much better.  Definetely worth $10."
,Recommended,248820,7789747,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Erics,"A solid action rogue-like that reminds you how kickstarter can really help quality games succeed.Plays like a side-scrolling shoot-em-up. You are dropped into a semi-random level that throws hordes of enemies at you as you level up, buy items with the cash you gain from killing enemies, and ultimately searching for a portal to advance to the next level.A neat feature is that the game's difficulty ramps up the longer you play, so you need to balance the time you spend on each level with how much you need to collect items and level up.The developer of the game has claimed that they are still 100% supporting the game, and already have many planned features for the future. Considering the current state of the game (really fun), and even more great stuff heading for it, I'd definitely say this is worth your money."
,Recommended,248820,8169635,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Peanut,"This game is insanely fun and perfect for short or single playing sessions (although sometimes it can drag on if you know what you're doing and purposefully replaying levels).It features a very simple control scheme that is easy to handle but changing your playstyle based on your chosen character and the randomised item pickups (which are absolutely essential in order for you to survive) grants the game a lot of depth and replayability.The game is built to be played more than once (naturally; being touted as a rogue-like) with no explanation on how things work after being dumped into the first level except for the control scheme briefly being displayed and your current (very simple) objective. You're supposed to figure the rest of it out yourself.You learn how everything works rather quickly (thanks to the intuitive nature of the game and the simple control scheme) and the effects and threats of various enemies, you also unlock new characters and items to access as you progress with achievements in the game, giving you more reason to replay the game over simply beating your previous your score or mauling another 2000 aliens before dying.The difficulty of the game increases as time passes, so a sense of urgency is given to the player to continue forward and finish a level instead of wasting time, which may seem harsh to newer players to begin with but when you start to get into the flow of the game it feels natural and forces you to be on the move constantly even while not under immediate threat.Last of all the game features an incredible soundtrack that essentially makes half of the game by itself, it is truly spectacular and great example to all developers that audio for a game (particularly the soundtrack) should never be neglected."
76561198042467719,Recommended,248820,8577420,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Noahwn,"This game has a high skill cap initiallly and it can feel as if you aren't truely progressing, but... Risk of Rain will become your new insatiable addiction if you get over the learning curve. Recommend especially if you have a group of people to play with!"
76561197998585223,Recommended,248820,8585913,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Vegantichrist,"Great game. Excellent combat, fluid platforming and serious addictive qualities. And the music is phenomenal."
,Recommended,248820,8615325,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Isaac,"Fun, challenging indie roguelike.  Fantastic music, great art style, and good gameplay (although there isn't much new here).  A must-play for fans of games with roguelike elements."
76561197975567178,Recommended,248820,8755146,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Lord Mortimi,"Heartbreak, the game. You will spend close to an hour evading hoards of enemies, running and slowly killing hundreds, if not thousands of them only to die just short of the final boss.Fun, but sometimes rather unfair and extremely unforgiving. Spend too long getting to a teleporter? Enjoy a painful death. Getting nothing but terrible items? Bam, you're ♥♥♥♥ed. Once you figure out how to best navigate levels it feels a lot less luck based. It's also rather well balanced, with most charecters and items being viable and useful.If you can deal with the frustration then this game is rather enjoyable, it also becomes fairly easier with coop (if you can get that working)."
,Recommended,248820,8801848,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,zelderan,"Risk of Rain may be my most favourite indie game of all of the 2013-2014 gaming season. I say this because Risk of Rain has not only exciting, fast paced gameplay with amazing visuals, not because of the interesting lore and killer soundtrack, but because of its replayability.In any game, what ends up being the factor that most affects whether or not you are going to buy is it saying to yourself, ""Will I play this game over and over again, and still love it like I first did when the first level loaded?"" The simple answer to this question is yes, a thousand times yes.Risk of Rain has not only brought in a simple platformer shoot-'em-up, but it combines it with the RNG-oriented style of the Rouguelike. One of the best aspects of RoR is its unbelievable way of bringing you back to play again and again, trying your hardest to nail that achievement, or unlock that character.Risk of Rain has not only expanded on a fantastic style of game, but they created their very own genre as well.I most definitely recommend this game to anyone who loves to sit back and just enjoy filling monsters with lead, watching those oh-so-sweet pixels fly across the screen.10/10"
,Recommended,248820,9294214,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,DonRagout,"i tried a few rogue-likes before. this is the first one that really got me hooked. a lot of items (manyt hat stack), huge monster waves and explosion. a very nice sountrack."
,Recommended,248820,8568544,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,PolyCount,Probably my favorite rogue-like. The combat feels impactful and the controls are tight. Whats different about this game from games like the binding of isaac or rogue legacy or any other rogue-like that I know of is the implement of urgency. There is a meter that increases  the spawn rate and difficulty of monsters as time goes on which in turn gives the player motivation to be effiecent with their time. Do I try and look for the remaining crates in order to get better upgrades? Or should I just go to the next level so I have a better chance of survival? That is the risk of Risk of Rain
,Recommended,248820,9066579,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,~flippy10,"Extremely fun team game. Could spend hours just killing monsters and fighting off hordes. Wish the scaling could adequately support more than four players, but it's wicked fun anyway. Highly recommended!! Huntress4Lyfe."
,Recommended,248820,9054148,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,KonjikiNoYami,THIS is a Great Game
,Recommended,248820,8804074,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Rook,If you like fun you'll like this game trust me I'm an expert in this matter
76561198054387451,Recommended,248820,8818666,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Kuolema,Great Rogue-like with a fantastic soundtrack and beautiful pixel arts.Challenging!
,Recommended,248820,8852744,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,AndyJ,"If this game was meth, I would be addicted to meth."
76561198292753644,Recommended,248820,32266625,Posted: 8 June,all,umaruu doma,Great game. I'm happy I got it !
,Recommended,248820,32364690,Posted: 12 June,all,Frowardesque,"Super fun, probably even more fun if you have friends! Lots of fun little unique gamplay mechanics with each item."
,Recommended,248820,16426021,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Jonzuz,"This game combines roguelike and platformer genres into an epic mess. The thrill that Risk of Rain gives you is unbelievable, first few levels might be frustrating at first but the end game makes it really good. Risk of Rain's artstyle is impressive and the mechanics are even more impressive. Excellent game for a good price. Pick it up,now.Don't forget to buy drones"
,Recommended,248820,17622546,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,ebole,got 120 of the firework itemwent to risk of rainhad explorers keywent to cargo baypressed gcrashed the game10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥my friend off again
,Recommended,248820,8149503,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,no,Fun
76561198085760685,Recommended,248820,10001850,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Deus Ex Mundus,Stacked Soldier Syringes. The attack speed was so high it crashed the server.10/10
76561198037584410,Recommended,248820,7719365,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,Mr. Chelnoque,НУ ЭТО♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Я ПЛАКАЛ ДОЖДЬ КУПИ СЕБЕ В КАРМАН ПОЛОЖЬ
,Recommended,248820,23243405,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Icky,"Great game, great premise and allow you to tailor your runs a bit by waiting for time to build, thus increasing difficulty, or breeze through and get less loot.It's hard to find and capture all the characters and the progression but I love it.  I just wish it ran a bit better in latter levels because due to the possible amount of enemies and particles/effects on the screen at one time; it does bog down a bit even on my fairly large rig.Regardless, love this game and the gene of bullet-hell, shmup and others and have quite a collection going.  Love them all."
,Recommended,248820,10603075,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Spooky Zepsy,"Risk of Rain is an interactive drama action-adventure video game developed by Quantic Dream and published by Sony Computer Entertainment exclusively for the PlayStation 3 in 2010.Risk of Rain is an adventure game, requiring the player to move the character and have him or her interact with the objects or other non-player characters on the scene to progress the story. The game is divided into several scenes, each centering on one of four playable characters. The choices the player makes or the actions performed or not performed will affect later scenes in the game. For example, it is possible that a character dies or becomes detained, and will not be present in a later scene. There is no immediate ""game over"" in Risk of Rain; the game will progress to a number of different endings depending on the sum of the player's performance even if all the characters become incapacitated in some manner. Once the game is complete, the player can return to earlier scenes and replay them, possibly altering the events as they play through other chapters.Within most scenes, the player can control the main character by moving them around the environment; they can also hold down a button to see what thoughts are going through the character's mind, and trigger them to hear an internal monologue on that thought. When the player is near an object or another character they can interact with, they will be presented with a context sensitive icon that represents what control they need to do. These controls include pressing a button on the DualShock controller, moving the analogue sticks in a specific manner, or rotating the motion-sensitive controller in a specific way; in the version with PlayStation Move support, further actions based on the Move controllers are also present. These actions may lead to additional actions to fully complete the interaction. Some scenes impose a timer on the player, requiring them to complete the necessary actions in time to avoid the death or incapacitation of that character. In other scenes, the player does not have full control of the character but must instead be prepared to respond to these icons in the manner of Quick Time Events, such as during a hand-to-hand fight or while driving frantically on the wrong side of the road; the player does not receive a game over if these events are completed incorrectly, but may possibly alter how future scenes play out.Additionally, the game includes a difficulty level functionality that the user can change through the menu at any point during the game. While adjusting the level will not alter the storyline of the game directly, a higher difficulty will influence the prompts, for example, requiring more inputs during sequences in order to avoid a failed act.Risk of Rain was critically acclaimed. The UK Official PlayStation Magazine reviewer Tim Clark wrote, ""I'm convinced it's one of the freshest, most exciting, and even important games on PS3 so far."" Clark praised the effective controls of the game, as well as the pacing of the story, which the reviewer described as key, and perfectly designed to create an ""exhausting, exhilarating, and, crucially, involving"" experience. He concluded by saying that, ""Certainly there's nothing quite like it on PS3, or indeed any other system. Put gaming conventions aside, go in with no expectations other than this is something new and massively good-looking, and you'll be rewarded with a unique experience that lurches between genius and madness, manages to be genuinely emotional, and that you'll be bursting to talk about with your friends."" GamesMaster complimented Risk of Rain for being ""incredibly original and compelling,"" as ""the atmosphere is incredible – full of driving rain (which becomes central to the plot), fizzing neon lights, dank apartments and warehouses. It's a dark noir game, not a bright adventure."" The game was given a GamesMaster Gold Award.Overall, I give this game a solid Edgy/10"
76561198076875045,Recommended,248820,24833706,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,COOPer,This game literally broke the keyboard of my last computer.10/10
,Recommended,248820,11593829,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Luxury,"Created by ChuckleFish, Risk of rain is one of the most impressive, yet simple games I've played this year...dispite the fact that I'm a bit late to the party. It treats the player like the smart person he/she is, and just gives them a simple lay out of the controls, then says, ""Yeah umm...find this teleporter, and yeah."" Risk of rain is great, I recommend it."
,Recommended,248820,8163144,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Queso,A great combination of persistant progression and short-burst permadeath action. Awesome music to boot.
,Recommended,248820,13610635,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Victorvwier,"""Let's loop this run""10/10 would do again"
,Recommended,248820,7879753,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,jetta,"Soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission.  However, the game itself is extremely fun, and difficult.  Easily up there on my list of favorite games this year.  Even better if you have friends to play with, so do yourself and buy a 4pack and spread the love around."
,Recommended,248820,35435943,Posted: 2 October,all,∞ P O Y ii N G 5 5 ∞,AMAZING game.Your friends will leave you alone fighting the final boss.I would only recommend this if you have a good set of friends willing to slog through hell with you.
,Recommended,248820,23025837,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,10Marshmallows,10/10 would inject myself with Syringe's again.(awesome game go buy it)
,Recommended,248820,22849971,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Potatoe,Its an amazing game!
76561198160695575,Recommended,248820,22883981,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Romp-A-Stomp,"Think Binding Of Isaac, but as a sidescrolling hardcore shooter. The music is absolutely awesome, and the fact that your character is a tiny assortment of pixels really brings a sense of a larger than life planet, making the massive bosses even grander!The objectives and random layout are what make the game though. The goal is simple: get through all the levels. However, you need to fight lots of enemies in order to level up and become stronger, but time is imperetive as the longer you take, the higher the difficulty will raise, making your life harder, which sort of encourages speedrunning.Overall, Risk of Rain is for people that like a challenge and a sense of accomplishment. 9/10P.S there are secret characters to unlock."
,Recommended,248820,7879757,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Bugsie,Its ♥♥♥♥in good mang get it and u wil have fun trust me i promise
,Recommended,248820,28597340,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Dankinator,"Risk of Rain. a god send of a game. for the time of it's release it was legendary (2013). even to this day it is a joy to play. explaining risk of rain is very simple. 1: starting. for my first time, it was pretty confusing and hard. I mostly died a lot, but once I started to understand what was going on and what some of my goals were, it became much clearer of what to do and where to go. 2: building momentum. once you start to pick up items, you start to become stronger, and some item's effects stack unlimitedly. but the game will start to scale with you, making the game much harder for the entire game. 2.5: difficulty. diffculty in this game is amazing and I'll explain why. the hardest diffculty will make the game scale faster while the easiest diffculty will make the game scale slower. 3: endless. you can do so much in risk of rain and still feel like you only scratched the surface. with the mod, risk of rain special delivery being worked on (not currently avaliabe for the public) there is still much to do to wittle down the wait. they come in the form of artifacts. artifacts are game mutators that can be found in a run in secret areas of certain areas. some artifacts require certain characters to unlock so you can't unlock them all in one run. so since the winter sales are upon us (note: this was made in 2016 of december) go get this game. happy killing everyone!"
,Recommended,248820,12710979,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,B3bz,"Brilliant game, stupid amounts of fun customising your builds to see which works best and which are most fun to play as. Co-op is only ever a plus, had too much fun playing this. More than worth £7!"
,Recommended,248820,7860385,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Ultric,"Let me just start with this: Get this game.Risk of Rain is a roguelike, which I've basically learned to mean a game where you have one life and it plays differently every time. This crazy awesome little game has a fantastic mix of powerups, ranging from Barbed Wire which does a little bit of damage to people around you to the Ceremonial Dagger which rewards each kill with several ridiculously powerful bolts that will more than likely kill something else on the map, close or far. Or maybe you'd be more interested being able to trail fire everywhere you walk. Heck, do all three!The game includes a bunch of bosses that require different ways of dealing with them. The Wandering Vagrant may seem easy to avoid, but wait until you've got 8 of them bearing down on you with 4 health bars each. The longer you play the game, the harder it gets. If you stick around too long in any stage, the next one may start by politely spawning about 8 bosses for you to fight even before you activate the escape timer. Seriously, 8 Magma Worms aren't easy to kill.There's a multitude of unlockable characters, each with their own unique and enjoyable playstyle. Want to skillfully one-shot bosses? Be the Sniper. Want to poison and slaughter hordes of enemies using poison that happens to boost your speed like a cheerful child being pushed in a shopping cart? Bring Acrid along. Want to be the ultimate Rock-em Sock-em Robot? HAN-D will happily beep and boop to create a soundtrack for your warpath.Want to know the best part? I've beaten the game 5 times and I'm still seeing new things for the first time that keep coming around and kicking my butt.Buy it. Play it. Love it."
,Recommended,248820,8405149,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,goteman,holla holla get £
,Recommended,248820,8567502,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,LockwoodMaku,"A game of many names, and growing reputation. Fun, challenging, strategic, and clever, Risk of Rain (or Risk of Pain as I like to call it), is a Dark Souls-like game, in 2D and more swarm tactics related. Now when I say Dark Souls-Like, I mean it in a non-ironic way. This game will punish you for errors. If you remain around for too long, it will spawn more monsters, with even tougher effects. At one point, I had bosses spawning on me randomly, mind you not more than one at a time. Sure it has the fairly exausted retro (if you can even call it that anymore) graphics, but it sports them well, in a cosmetic way. Its not a set generation too, randomly generated boss and randomly generated items. Mind you from a list, but its still full of surprises. Its a worth while buy from Chucklefish."
,Recommended,248820,9035269,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Mortdog247,"It's not for everyone, but if you can enjoy a ""Contra meets Binding of Isaac"" that's a little rough around the edges, then this game is worth your time."
,Recommended,248820,9137880,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Lynchy the Spooky Ghost,"One of the best indie games I have ever played. It has a wonderful art style that fits in with everything around. In my opinion the soundtrack is the best thing about this game, perfectly composed with songs that will play with your emotions the whole way through the game. My favourite songs have to be Precipitation and Coalescence.I completely recommend this game as you will have amazing fun, maybe with 3 friends because of it 4 player mode, all the way through.Risk of Rain - 9.5/10"
,Recommended,248820,9183852,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Technobreaker,"A great roguelike game with a fast-paced gameplay! It can be difficult if you're playing alone but once you unlock the Huntress or the Chef, it will be amazing. Other character are decent too but most of them are designed for coop(?) and difficult to play solo."
,Recommended,248820,15959023,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,garfieldcfc,Love it.
,Recommended,248820,20552505,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,AGStanley,"Very easy to get into. Hard to stop. Tons of replay value with randomness and all of the collectibles. It's very rewarding to discover the many secrets in this game, but keep that Wiki handy. Totally recommend dropping $10 on this and grabbing a friend to play with."
76561198015015741,Recommended,248820,20491004,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,evil_paris,"Despite its simple graphics, Risk of Rain is a wickedly good roguelike and you should own it.The game features an assortment of classes, which gradually unlock as you default challenges within the game.   The classes change how you interact with the levels, and provide additional replayability on top of what is already a compelling game.Basic gameplay involves simple combat, exploration, and tradeoff choices in how to spend your resources.  There are boatloads of upgrades of various rarities, many of which are stackable which can be anything from a minor boost, to a hugely impacting laser sweep or exploding enemies.There's a constant time pressure, as the random encounter difficulty scales up the longer you play.  So while you may find yourself tempted to just park and farm on a particular low level, even that will eventually become uncomfortable, and the next level will be brutal because of it.  You either rush forward, and content yourself with fewer items but a better your level : monster level ratio, or take it slow and fight better equipped against harder foes.  It is well balanced and makes for a good tradeoff.Each level type contains a distinct set of enemies, with randomized placement and individual feature tweaks.  The game has lots of challenges which unlock new dropped items, gameplay modifiers (usually tradeoffs that you can decide to play with), and classes.I admit I'm one of those people who generally feels a game is complete when I've unlocked every achievement for the game.  Risk of Rain is one of those games that even after I have long since done this, I still find myself picking it up to play randomly regardless."
,Recommended,248820,10611806,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Rafael M.,So tiny pixels.So much fun!
,Recommended,248820,34722699,Posted: 3 September,all,SidTheSadBe∆n,I don't like this game because flying jelly fish are stupid.
,Recommended,248820,12418398,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Shakiki Rakiki,This is an incredibly fun game. It feels different every time despite having the  same level structures. It's fast paced and nail biting at times. Haven't had a chance to try out co-op yet but and definitely looking forward to it.
,Recommended,248820,34778786,Posted: 6 September,all,Nep Bot,not sure what the risk of rain actually was.... the weather looked fine to me
,Recommended,248820,17939967,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Ching Chong Chonney,"I honestly love this game. Risk of Rain is a rogue-like, action platformer game with a bunch of content. Risk of Rain has over 40 monsters (or enemies) including the elite ones, with 15 bosses that will constantly keep spawning and attacking you. The spawn rate of enemies will increase as you continue your adventure in the foreign planet. The game itself is really challenging and difficult to play, and that's good to see as I like to challenge myself in rogue-like games.Multiplayer is great. I had a lot of fun with one of my friend who apparently broke the game by continously getting an item that decreases the cooldown of use items by 25% everytime he saw a red chest.Singleplayer is a bit meh to me. Singleplayer is honestly just boring for me and there is no fun to it in my opinion. I honestly would prefer to have friends with you to play this game, as it makes the game a lot more easier and exciting to play.This game is really buggy. Sometimes, I randomly crash for no reason or when a lot of things are happening on my screen that causes me to lag like hell, but it honestly doesn't ruin the gameplay for me.Great game. Would recommend to anyone. 69/10."
,Recommended,248820,24967888,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,ElectricPigeon,This review is short.This game is good.
,Recommended,248820,24437746,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,EntrybotJS,"Just play it. Low ressources, I play it mostly offline, explaining why I got so few hours..."
,Recommended,248820,13982715,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Bakaloid.,"Genre: Hectic 2-D action platformer with roguelike RPG elementsGame Time: 4~10+ hours""The game is set in the distant future, where space transportation is common. Space trains carry passengers and goods all across space. A particular space train, however, had some very special cargo. Through a series of unfortunate events, this space train gets shot out of orbit and crash lands on a mysterious planet.. with one survivor.""-From Risk of Rain WikiaAn Interesting NoteInitially the title ""Risk of Rain"" implies different origins. It could imply the pain from its roguelike elements or the loose plot where the cargo, which is potentially dangerous, falling onto the planet like meteor showers. However according to an e-mail response from the developers, ""…it came around as an idiom of chance, because the game was very chance-based… It also coincides with the chests 'raining' from the sky, and our hometown Seattle.""Initial impressionRoguelike games has never been my cup of tea when it comes to entertainment. Sure they're alot cheaper and are easier to purchase, but that's pretty much the only reason why I would risk spending even dollar on. Risk of Rain (as RoR) on the contrary made me thirst for more. I saw myself clicking the ""play"" button repeatedly and despite the length of the game, I had a great time shooting down critters and getting plummeted by Magma Worms.""Visuals!""Assuming you have viewed the trailer, RoR is without doubt, pixel-based. This is the point where a surprising amount of customers have their opinion's divided. I personally agree with what Totalbiscuit said that there could have been more done with the visuals, but since the game can't get more visually neat than now, I see this as an reasonable compromise. We're talking about an Indie game here after all.In summary, the visuals are clean and are easily understandable. The colors don't feel dull especially when each one of the maps are distinct. The effects are flashy, and although you'll get to the point where everything goes fubar, the game is fair from what you expect. Oh, but them infinitely spawning Wandering Vagrants in the last level, they were a massive pain in the butt. Even if you're picky in-terms of graphics, getting frustrated and confused from how you died, or how you're being hurt will be the least of your concerns.Mechanics(Contents)Now in RoR you have plentiful numbers of passive items as well as interesting active items and drones you'll find throughout each randomized level. However what makes RoR so addictive aside from it's procedurally generated worlds, are its twelve characters that create a basis of your gameplay.You begin with the Commando, the standard shoot & dodge character, to the Acrid, a beast equipped with poison potentially lethal to even the hulking bosses of the game. Of course you will quickly create a preference on each character, but you'll be inclined to come back to for a refreshing gameplay, especially for Co-Op. The point that has to emphasized here is that to say the characters in this game define RoR, isn't even the slightest understatement. Experiment, and enjoy the variety. Most of all, have fun taking down hoards of those monsters. Before you get utterly destroyed, though.What the game offersOver a hundred items that are categorized with rarity, aside from a few, there are no two items that have the same effects.Interesting artifacts that mostly make the game hard, but more interesting. For example the Hive Cluster artifact makes the randomized loot, choosable. The Origin artifact on the otherhand, spawns Imps and a Imp boss every 10 minutes.Very limited, but unique maps that provide flavor and decreases boredem to the game."
76561198082377558,Recommended,248820,26451737,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,God King Screaming,"I've only played this a little, but it's fun so far."
,Recommended,248820,31848139,Posted: 19 May,all,daarky,im so bad i actually need friends to play this with me
,Not Recommended,248820,29883289,Posted: 12 February,all,蛙,"I hope people actually find this. Dont mind the negative review.  I just wanted to say, this game is gold. There is no denying that. The only thing i find annoying is that, I have to actually have Ports open or Hamachi in order to play multiplayer. If only the devs would enable multiplayer like Starbound/Terraria or any other game that allows Steam Multiplayer, this would be a definite YES. I really wanted to play this game with my girl and my friends, but Online multiplayer isn't a thing in this situation."
76561198079530646,Not Recommended,248820,29481613,Posted: 25 January,all,Bou,"Activate the teleporter and hop in to proceed to the next level. A timer will be shown once you have activated it and need to survive spawning enemy waves for 90 seconds before the teleporter can be used. Defeat enemies, farm their gold and open chests with it for items.Items will give you perks. The problem I have with this game is the lack of balance. There a 2 scenarios possible. You are lucky and farm good items and become godlike or unlucky with item spawns in that you are unable to proceed further.When you have farmed good items and become godlike (there is no item cap) it involves zero skill and all you do is kiting and let perks do their job of killing mobs. The game throws so many enemies at you later on that it turns into a kite fest and most characters and their abilities become useless. There is no mechanism that prevents you from getting overpowered and still able to tackle enemy mobs without kiting.The game clearly lacks any balancing from mid to late game. You are also unable to play this with two controllers in local coop which doesn't make sense. Great concept and potential but ultimately falls short by design issues."
,Not Recommended,248820,13556826,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,TheAntiQrist,"Buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥in multiplayer and practically impossible to beat the first stage with friends, not sure how this can be passed as out of its alpha stage, fun none-the-less but only if you like ten minutes of game time because it likes to run out of memory, crash, or give you another fatal error."
,Recommended,248820,15309601,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,"✅Wigi Pratama~Buka Jam 09-21WIB""","★★★★★★★★ Review Time ★★★★★★★★★★Risk of Rain atau dalam bahasa indonesia berarti Hujan Beresiko XD. Salah satu game Indie yang mantap dan masuk list saya. Hanya 89.999 (Saya membeli nya pas discount kena 22.499) kita bakal memainkan sebuah game survive dengan tingkat kesulitan yang ADUHAI SEKALI. Iya, disini itu kita bakal mati , mati dan mati lagi. Jangan sepele ama tampilan pixel nya, atau harga murahnya, ini masih 11:12 ama Dark Souls  XD.*StoryAnda berperan sebagai Astronot yang terdampar ke Planet karena kecelakan pesawat, dimana Planet yang ada injaki memiliki berbagai macam makhluk yang siap mengintai dan menerkam langkah anda. Tugas anda sangat sederhana , mencari Teleporter , dan survive dari serangan makhluk yang ada di planet tersebut. Sederhana bukan? Tapi percaya deh, tulisan ""Death"" bakal mewarnai layar anda kok :D*GameplayGameplay nya gampang dan mudah kok, untuk bergerak cuma menekan tombol  Up, Down, Right Left di Keyboard, tombol Space untuk lompat, tombol ZXCV untuk aktifkan Abilities kamu. Oh iya, Abilities nya yakni Z untuk Double Tab (Menembak dengan pistol mu 2 kali dengan damage 2x60 % dan gk ada Cooldown nya), X untuk Full Metal Jacket (Menembakkan peluru dengan damage 230% dan mampu mendorong tubuh lawan kebelakang, cooldown 3 detik), C untuk Tactical Dive (Melakukan Roll  dengan jarak terbatas ke depan dan kebelakang , berguna untuk  menghindari serangan musuh atau lari dari serbuan musuh yang berjumlah banyak dan memiliki cooldown 4 detik)  dan V untuk Suppressive Dive (Menembak peluru dengan beruntun, damage nya 6 x 60% untuk musuh yang satu arah , dan dapat berganti mode ke mode dual gun , yang bisa menembak musuh sekaligus di depan dan belakang dengan damage 3x60%, cooldown 5 detik) dan G untuk memakai item seperti Bom , ranjau, dan lain lain.Di game ini , setelah membunuh musuh, anda mendapatkan exp dan cash. Exp untuk naik level, sedangkan Cash untuk membeli item di Container yang sudah tertera harga nya. Berbagai macam item yang anda beli  amat sangat berguna dalam petualangan Anda.Layak nya Game RPG, item nya memiliki berbagai macam fungsi, ada yang melipat gandakan Attack , meng-Heal dalam hitungan waktu, sebagai perisai, melipatgandakan jumlah Gold, dan lain lain.Di game ini juga ada Spot untuk Super Jump, jadi dengan Spot ini anda dapat melakukan Super Jump dan berpindah dari tempat satu ke tempat yang lain dengan mudahBakalan ada timer waktu yang dapat menaikkan tingkat kesulitan game. Jadi jangan berleha leha XDSetelah anda menemukan Teleporter, maka Teleporter bakalan hidup dalam waktu 90 detik. Nah dalam waktu 90 detik ini anda bakal survive besar besaran karena di bagian ini anda menghadapi Boss dari Planet yang anda injaki dan Musuh yang muncul dalam jumlah banyak*Tips dari Saya1. Lakukan Fast Attack dalam menit pertama, kumpulin exp dan gold sebanyak banyak nya2. Kenali musuh , gerak, daya serang dan tipe serang dari musuh tersebut3. Jika sudah memiliki Gold yang cukup, beli lah item di Container terdekat,4. Musuh melakukan Gangbang? Cukup hindari dan Kabur XD4. Segera pergi ke Teleporter , dan hadapi Boss nya, jadi dengan cara ini anda tidak membuang waktu dan tingkat kesulitan juga tidak bakal naik XD*Plus1. Cocok buat pengemar game yang memiliki tingkat kesulitan Tinggi.2. Musik nya Ciamik3. Harga murah,4. Size dan Spesifikasi sangat gampang5. Kombinasi item yang jadi pemicu semangat di game ini*Minus1. Gak bisa Online Coop, selalu error2. Story yang masih minim3. Masih kurang Playable jika dimainkan dengan KeyboardNilai: 9.5 / 10Buy it and feel your rage !"
,Recommended,248820,19107917,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Trevord70,God rain ruined my shoes. They were flips.
,Recommended,248820,8405424,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Vincent,"This game is so much fun, espescially if you like a challange. Give it a go!"
,Recommended,248820,9833334,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Skwirlgnitals,WOW Amazing game!
,Recommended,248820,8867961,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Squidnir,yo dog. this is like a swag♥♥♥♥♥game. u like are in space or something idk. ummm then u like ummmmm shot stuff or whatever
,Recommended,248820,7853325,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Gullible Shuckle,very good
,Recommended,248820,7896662,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Mikozouzou,"Very pleasant to play, especially when you play with friends. The growing difficulty provides good feelings, but don't be afraid if you die a lot during your first tries ! Works well with Hamachi for LAN games"
,Recommended,248820,9039138,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,pengy,
,Recommended,248820,9843628,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,nana,"Such a great game I would seriously recommend it! It's very fun and relatively simple however does get incredibly hard! It's well done, I love the styling and all the little features and perks to collect. I think anybody can get the hang of it, possibly some mods and add-ons would be nice but I shouldn't moan really? All in all really great game, £7 well spent!"
76561198066230851,Recommended,248820,8600329,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,PleaseCheese,yea but dat game doe
,Recommended,248820,7853358,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,SadFlares,Its a game
,Recommended,248820,11753098,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Tallen,Gun through the levels too quickly - die because you lack strong items.Wait too long - enemies brutally murder you 'cause they scale faster than your items in the level.Gotta love this game.
,Recommended,248820,9036804,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,owlet,"Didn't manage to get it to play online with a friend without Tunngle help. If you're planning to play online - beware, you should know what port forwarding is, and it still might not help if you do. Other than that, great game! You will die."
,Recommended,248820,7865159,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,ThisIsDex,Great Rogue-like game!
,Recommended,248820,8529433,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Legitchicken,A good game
,Recommended,248820,11597853,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,HELIOCENTRIC DEMISE,♥♥♥♥
76561198074377102,Recommended,248820,7828308,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Alonush SpacePanda,one of the hardest and most challenging game ive played eververy fun and amazing gameplay! BUY IT
,Recommended,248820,9175296,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,LAUNDRY DAY,This game turns me into a ♥♥♥♥ing spaz.Mother♥♥♥♥ing dinosaurs.
,Recommended,248820,23384448,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Viable_Golem4375,"In risk of rain you land on an unmarked planet while guarding the life savings of billy where you fight big lizards, jellyfish, and sentient rocks. As you power up you advance through very conviently placed teleporters until you make your way back to your ship and fight the galaxies most powerful animal rights activist where your destroyed ship miraculously works and you escape.10/10 would fight PETA again."
76561198008641335,Recommended,248820,15782624,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,AvariceJelly,Game gets increasingly harder? Cool. New characters unlock when killing stuff or collecting their drops? Awesome. Playing the chef and butchering all bosses in sight with a shiny meatcleaver of doom? Priceless.
,Recommended,248820,8058340,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,mikey d,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t♥♥♥♥♥hole game of♥♥♥♥♥♥5 stars
76561198105354179,Recommended,248820,30093427,Posted: 21 February,all,penguini0,"Probably one of the best roguelike games i've ever played. Honestly, it deserves much more attention than it got. If the devs were still here it would probably even better."
76561198043015630,Recommended,248820,10802958,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Raggnork™,A very elusive game that provides me with great experinces and happy times.
,Recommended,248820,12855280,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,uɐɯɟooʍH,Risk of Rain is HARD as balls
76561198159911734,Recommended,248820,24513849,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Flux General Waste,this game is by far the best game i have played
,Recommended,248820,24731567,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Killa_Maaki,10/10 Played on Rain Storm difficulty with a friend. By the end of the game we were both veritable walking artillery factories and couldn't even see the final boss behind all of the missiles.
76561198002625552,Recommended,248820,7745269,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Sepuku_LV,Yet another proof that great gameplay is the MOST IMPORTANT aspect of a game.
,Recommended,248820,20028795,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,PhantomJelly,The only time rain is good. 10/10
,Recommended,248820,7753231,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,CharlieWoo,"Fun little roguelike platformer.Kill enemies to get coins and exp. Level up and buy chests for random loot with often times for crazy effects. The longer you take the stronger enemies get. Die and start over with nothing. Multiple classes and lots of items with randomized drops keep this game interesting. Play with your friends and you need to manage items between you and them to maximize your character's effectiveness in your group while also not leaving yourself or your friends too weak without items to survive or help deal damage late game.The game escalates in difficulty pretty quickly so the first 10-15minutes of your characters play is cruical for its post game survivability. My only gripe with this game is once you DO get the items you need it becomes pretty easy. But getting to that point takes some experience in learning how the ai works, how the difficulty scales, and how to manage your time in the most efficient manner.I've had this game for about four days and I've put twenty hours in to it. I feel like I have gotten my ten dollars worth already and will keep playing to unlock new items and characters so it's only going to get better.  Go get it!"
,Recommended,248820,7754519,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Toucan Man,Much game. Wow. Very good. 1/1.2 gomps
76561198028217192,Recommended,248820,14937096,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Wangster,Endless hours of fun.
,Recommended,248820,9353695,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Slights,This game is amazing.Easily a favourite.
76561198144088100,Recommended,248820,15288510,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Farman Daniel DOG,"Ahhh... Risk of Rain.This game in my opinion is a work of art. Its artstyle is unique, incorporating pixels into even smaller stansas, and there is so much to do within the game. You could even play it with friends to dominate, unless you have item sharing off. That could mess you up if you couldn't get to any items in time.Pros -- FPS stays between 55 - 60 for the most part- Tons of items, secrets, and chracters to get for the game to last a long time- Multiplayer- Many more which I cannot explain and you have to play for yourselfCons -- Multiplayer is kind of broken. You need skills to open a server, unless all of your firewall stuff is down, and that could also be dangerous.But yeah, in my opinion for a Rouge-like RPG, I would say 9/10 in my book."
,Recommended,248820,8455149,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,IMMORTAL,you are in no where figting no oneso simple this one of the best game ever on steam
,Recommended,248820,7990133,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Mortz,I give it a yes out of no
76561198005343232,Recommended,248820,9904634,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,The Wolf You Feed,"Why I love Risk of Rain, it's hard, I can make it to level 4 now.why I hate Risk of Rain, it's hard, it laughs at me.Simple design, real challengeunique characters with their own play stylesScaling Difficulty over time < a great idea that more games should use, the game just keeps getting tougher.Risk of Rain is a great pick up and play Rouge arcade game.Might not be for those with short tempers, or controller throwing tendencies."
,Recommended,248820,8081964,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Dokvald,"Very enjoyable combat that scales really well the longer you play, excellent pacing, great music, fantastic pixel art, Tight controls mean when you fail it's your fault, metagame mechanics that will have you replaying for a long time. Tons of unlocks (Items, classes, beastiary) Well designed bosses, co-op (local and online). Stats page and highscores. Definately recommend this game. Easily worth the $9.99 Price point!"
76561198105435327,Recommended,248820,11459027,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,BadKarma,"if you enjoy games, this is a game!"
,Recommended,248820,20533469,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Yoink,11/10 Risk hours of your life
76561198043982426,Recommended,248820,9946879,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,TepidSuffix,Yes
,Recommended,248820,9946267,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Dejiko,"Challenging game.For its price, the playthrough is worth it. The concept that the more time you spend on a level, the harder it gets is something I haven't played in a while. It forces you to keep moving lest you be overwhelmed. In this regard you get a good rush to do your best. My only complaint is that you don't stop to smell the roses."
,Recommended,248820,9966844,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Sacklustersoldier,"A very clever use of the MAPLESTORY formula for an audience not familiar with it. I suggest playing in short bursts. The game is well worth it, easily a 10-15 hour game for casual audience and 100+ for people who develop a sincere interest in it. Great party game,"
76561198019617936,Recommended,248820,9954242,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Sklegy,A wonderfully soul-crushing game.
76561198097194143,Recommended,248820,16284165,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,SuperSlinky: The Next Generation,This game makes Dark Souls look like a PB&J sandwich.
,Recommended,248820,20640717,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,T-Virus сладкий как PAPIRUS,Best. Indie. Game. EVER!!!
,Recommended,248820,7746515,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Pink Shark,"Simple, fun to play in your free time. Also fun to play with your friends!"
,Recommended,248820,7870335,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,NotJasp,Doge approves.
,Recommended,248820,9943660,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,IceSnakeChicken,10/10 must play gaem naow
,Recommended,248820,9947745,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Stryky,Buy it and buy it now
,Recommended,248820,9284978,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Fishy Noodle,It starts slowly but it gets so flippin' intense! I even popped a modest boner with all these projectiles exploding in the mass of ennemies!The coop is better than gey sax.Kinda based on luck sometimes but if you handle your money wisely you'll do great.
,Recommended,248820,13511104,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Whazdee,"This game is so much fun! Amazing rogue-like gameplay, superb music, endless replayablility, and multiplayer!The game is super atmospheric, and proves difficult even on the easy mode. There are many characters, items, and moster bios to unlock. Lots of challenge around every achievment!I totally reccomend this game. Go, buy it. Now!"
,Recommended,248820,11062502,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,DesertEAgle1236,"If you are in the market for a rogue lite game this is for you. If you don't want permadeath then this isn't for you. If you don't want to get killed this isn't for you. First the game is filled with action and you see it from a 2 dimensional perspective. (2D)With the addition of characters you can experiment too learn what playstyle fits you. The music is good at the very least.The game is about challenge so don't get angry. There are stores which allow you to purchese one item out of three.Gold is required to buy items, chests, and sometimes even shrines. With that being said try this game if you want a 2 dimensional rogue like game with permadeath which is at the very least fun and challenging."
,Recommended,248820,9127224,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,mark-henry,1/10 was not a weather forecasting app
76561198080854980,Recommended,248820,9939656,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,blastoise,good game
,Recommended,248820,7916745,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,CultClassic,I would pay $30.00 for this game and it is only $10.00. BUY IT AND YOU WILL HAVE AN ♥♥♥♥♥♥ LIKE NEVER BEFORE.
,Recommended,248820,10380187,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Kygrot,11/2
76561198002543565,Recommended,248820,19320538,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,,"This game is good, alot of replay. 10/10"
76561198056754829,Recommended,248820,7781169,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Life is a Marketing Ploy,bumbie
76561198097458877,Recommended,248820,10810762,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Sotik,"Addicting, but frustrating! I recommend."
,Recommended,248820,10645607,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,hello i'm chin,Ya'll bring in umbrella cause' it's gonna get wet up in here!
,Recommended,248820,8310247,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,swoohn,the shooting is like wep
,Recommended,248820,10465253,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Chair,This game is awesome!
,Recommended,248820,10228045,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,pc is for casuals,"there is no rain. refund, game is ripoff false advertizements"
,Recommended,248820,32760475,Posted: 25 June,all,"Aurielle, Cat-eared Angel",Starts 10th run : Hope I won't get the Wandering Vagrant boss>gets Wandering Vagrant>Alt + F4>Petrol on computer>Match stick>Computer burned10/10 would burn my computer again
76561198041985801,Recommended,248820,7747456,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,[T Fur 2] Pizzarugi,"A casual game, but the extreme difficulty of it keeps you wanting to come back for more."
,Recommended,248820,14174517,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Burn,"Risk of Rain might appeal to gamers who thrill over the challenge set forth by games like Demon’s Souls or FTL: Faster Than Light, but the uninitiated will find Risk of Rain hard to approach. It is a solid rogue-like game under platforming scenario. Bunch of funny buff items and solid game-play. Some time frustrating, but it's in the game's nature to be so.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=429032560http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=615654754Unlocked all achievements!"
,Recommended,248820,27314155,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,a glass four halves empty,"I would definitely recommend this game for quite a few reasons, most of which I feel are completely subjective, but still.it can be a really rewarding experience with all the unlockable characters and items, good luck completionists.it has solid ability based and very fluid gameplay.the pixel art looks really really nice.intruiging story and logs for enemies along with characterisation of the protagonist through the monster logs.arbitrary number out of 10 would be 8.5/10."
,Recommended,248820,15552283,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Kawaii E Girl,╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ╰( ⁰ ਊ ⁰ )━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ
76561198076006007,Recommended,248820,10473877,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,,Not a lawn mowing application.
,Recommended,248820,15198107,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,ChocolateExpert,I give it a 5 out of 5 russian babes.
,Recommended,248820,8503519,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Snake,Very fun and addicting would recemend this to any one XD
76561198169699593,Recommended,248820,31962416,Posted: 25 May,all,Memechael,A good meme
,Recommended,248820,28668172,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,noblekale,"Dear gods, yes."
76561198119548188,Recommended,248820,28998708,Posted: 3 January,all,Technith,Good rogue-like with plenty of items along with a plethora amount of characters to choose from.
,Recommended,248820,7907343,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,jc helmet,"Risk of Rain is a horribly morbid game.Don’t get me wrong. I say this in the nicest possible way. This rogue-like shooter essentially drops you into a random area, with nothing but your arsenal and item boxes to prevent you from being mauled alive by reptilians, jellyfish, and tiny little Shadow of the Colossus looking things.Your task in every level you’re placed in is to “find the teleporter”. On finding the teleporter, a prompt appears, giving you 90 seconds to ‘stay alive’. Funnily enough, that is quite literally the entire premise of a game, not just an objective to be fulfilled.Risk of Rain uses a particularly cool mechanic in its gameplay - the longer you play, the more powerful the enemy spawns become. And that’s where the morbidity of it lies - your fate doesn’t lie in being speared to death by a boss, or failing to save the princess, you’re quite literally overcome in a battle you’re pretty much destined to lose.Nonetheless, you continue anyway - as with all rogue-likes, one run is going to be absolute dogshit, where as the other is going to be the luckiest you’ve ever been, like, ever. (Insert your own appropriate “luckiest day” metaphor).But with the timer mechanic, save scumming can’t save you - for the uninitiated, using numerous save files to generate the best possible outcome - because you’re playing in short, ten to twenty minute chunks. It’s a neat little trick to keep you hoping that you’ll get the run that’ll grant you just ten more seconds before you’re finally overcome by aliens.The game’s graphics are delightfully lo-res, with a beautiful muted palette. The weird scenery of wherever the hell you are is alluringly bleak, ranging from a dried up salt lake, or a weird mushroom forest. The feeling of desolation really sets in from the get-go, as the environments are so large, and your character is so small.Admittedly, the size of your player character does become a bit annoying when trying to track where you are in the midst of a gunfight, and losing friends in co-op mode is an annoyingly frequent occurrence, but on the other hand, it really does give an incredibly foreboding feel regardless.Much like Dark Souls, a similarly “morbid” game, a lot of the game’s lore is told in the logs and the item descriptions. The monster’s designs especially are surprisingly well detailed, to the point of unsettling in some cases. Although no amount of interesting detail will make me hate the fireball things any less - the game even lists the enemy that most kills you as your “nemesis” in the stats, and I think I’ve given away what my “nemesis” is.Risk of Rain is a game that’s quite literally about conquering the odds stacked against you. And even when you do manage it, it’s ready to deliver a sucker punch that you never even saw coming - hence why I call it morbid. This is how rogue-likes should be made.9/10"
,Recommended,248820,20684592,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Sketch`s Sushi Roll,"Is this game worth to Buy?Obviosly yes.But! Only if you love Such games like Hotline Miami,Binding of Isaac,Dark souls.And here Reasons why i said That.Hotline Miami and Risk Of Rain- This game both have hardcore Action and if you dont control Full situation...You are Probably Dead.(Same Thing about Dark Souls >.<)Binding of Isaac and Risk Of Rain- Welp...Items and lvl Uping your character while playing.Items Bring new Ideas for Gameplay.Lvl up Gives Hp and stuff.Ya get it right?Well....This Review is awful but still.This game is hard,and I like it.9.5/10 Gonna wait outside for rain."
76561198096456105,Recommended,248820,10361224,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,TRUMP IS THE CAPITALIST MASSIAH,"Bought Risk Of Rain, and died of its sexiness."
76561198060249747,Recommended,248820,9953584,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Arcusynn,Really fun game. Not as punishing at FTL and more reliant on skill.
76561198197235670,Recommended,248820,31731847,Posted: 13 May,all,DarkMagolor,"This game will keep you entertained for a long time. At first, it may seem discouraging when you continuously die over and over until you unlock better items and characters, but once you do, and you learn how to play, you will find yourself steamrolling the main difficulty, Rainstorm. But, there's Monsoon for when that happens, to make you feel like you're bad at the game again. Once you learn to steamroll Monsoon, the devs have the artifacts that you can find for an even greater challenge, and when all of them are active, the game becomes a nightmare to complete. If you're looking for a challenge, this game is definitely where you should look. (Also you can play with friends if you want to rage at the game's impossibility with others.)"
76561198049509690,Recommended,248820,12271200,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Coryak98,"Want another difficult rouge like game to play? This is your game. Risk of Rain can both be fun and infuriating with it's mechanic of the game becoming more difficult time goes on. If you stay in a level too long then it will be more difficult to continue since you will be underleveled and undergeard. But besides that, it is challenging but fun."
76561198123237428,Recommended,248820,15752730,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Tektus,Has got to be one of my favourite games
,Recommended,248820,15223343,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Summerwind,"i had 10 drones once. in the final battle, i just walked around until my drones killed him.tent/10 ign like skyrim with guns"
,Recommended,248820,7835976,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Tsuki,I give it a 7/10That's the best I can do
,Recommended,248820,8405140,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,golex,♥♥♥♥ing snake eyes
,Recommended,248820,9066773,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Captain James,"probably one of the best purchases I've made of a game, been playing it for 8 months. Also the best rogue-lite that I own"
,Recommended,248820,9095531,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,peace,"For the 72  minutes playing, I have noticed 2 things. One, the music is AMAZING. And two, the game is very hard when it needs to be. I like this game and I suggest you buy it and experience the fast-paced wonder that isRisk of Rain.UPDATE: For the now 30 hours I have put into this game, still fun as ever."
76561198124424462,Recommended,248820,8896004,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Iron Booty,This game gud. Good game this is. Very much so a good game. I like game more tahn fam e. Really buy this game for so much fuin.
,Recommended,248820,8755707,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,ShinyHobo,Words cannot describe how much I love this game.
,Recommended,248820,8667515,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Akarinata,"First of all, let me just say that I haven't writtien a review since the the required review for the Pillar of Community Steam badge. I've always planned to write more, but I wanted to make my next one way more meaningful than the first. So, here I am.  This should already say something about how great this game is.Risk of Rain is one of the best games I've ever played (And I've played on every platform, and over thousands of games). It blends co-op, roguelike elements, challenge, and good old fun in one, amazing, already low-priced package. The soundtrack is great; so much so that I was always stuck listening to it in my head, until I eventually took the files from within the game itself and copied them to my phone to listen to them when away from my pc.Whether you like playing solo or going through games with a friend, you'll find there's challenge in both, no matter the skill. The game's difficulty slowly increases with time...after the 40 minute mark, you've just about hit the highest difficulty. However, if being challenged isn't your thing, you can always just choose the 'Easy' difficulty at the character screen, and difficulty will climb slower, but you won't be able to earn achievements this way. The challenge is to get farther than you did your last attempt, and to collect as many loot items along the way, to fill your logbook, which in itself I've spent many hours just reading the hidden and not-so-hidden references in the backstory of Risk of Rain. Each item has a unique effect, and different descriptions. Some items can only be found within the game after completing certain parameters shown in the logbook. New classes can also be unlocked this way.Even if you don't like reading, and prefer just going in and shooting things, Risk of Rain will sate you. After 5 mintues into the game, you're already guarenteed to be running for your life, blasting what you can as you try and evade everything trying to kill you. Each class in the game has unique abilities, and offers different playstyles, suitable for different types of players. Personally, I like being a gunslinger, and sneaking, so naturally, I love Bandit and Commando. Commando is your basic, starting class, and is actually arguably the best class of the game, if you know how to use him to his full extent. However, that doesn't mean that your class can't be the best in your hands. Commando is only the most balanced, and a good starting point for every type of player. But as you get into the unlockable classes, you'll eventually find one that suits you, if the first few aren't your style.The art in this game was also really outstanding, and inspiring. Pixel art isn't easy to pull off well; yet Risk of Rain's dev team did an amazing job of spinning a story within the art itself. Personally, it inspired me to do more art, and more writing. I don't think the game will ever look dated...This game could easily look as something from the 90's, yet something from any future generation with its fast gameplay, and creativity. If you appreciate any kind of digital art, you'll be lost and immersed in the game's visuals itself. This may be a little unrelated, but the soundtrack just added onto the ambience so well when enjoying this game, and the art.All in all, the game is easily worth the money invested into it. Every game is different, no two playthroughs are the same, and your luck can be all good or all bad in any playthrough, but ultimately, you can control your destiny in the game with your skills. The game really reminded me of Dark Souls with the challenge it gives you, and the gameplay itself feels like a classic sidescroller, yet with more magic and originality than most. The game is easily a classic of its own, and I believe will withstand the test of time in this coming generation of games, and even afterwards."
,Recommended,248820,9417401,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Torn,Epic!
76561198067554990,Recommended,248820,13646667,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Mc Fancy Pants,"a nice combination of survival with plataformer, tons of items/upgrades to collect, many classes to select to. The difficulty starts scaling with time so you have to keep focused on the main goal that is finishing each level. Haven't tried the multiplayer so far, but the single player is very funny as it is."
,Recommended,248820,15235910,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Scarpovski,"Bought this on a steam sale, it's totally worth it'd regular price.Hours and hours of fun to be had here."
,Recommended,248820,17156272,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Skye,"13hrs isn't a lot of time, but done monsoon and it was ♥♥♥♥ing amazing!"
76561198061243714,Recommended,248820,17242826,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,i have unlimited data on my psp,"if i play this game, will i be professional weather man????////one day, i will rocket to space to study meteor to be a legendary esport meteorologist###333professionalkerbalspaceprogram"
,Recommended,248820,20064548,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Felix,"Risk of rain is a great roguelike with a fair amount of replayability.It's a good challenging game in general, but there are a few things I dislike about the game:-You need open ports to play (or something like hamachi)-The levels barely change, just a few small parts of each map does-You can get items so good that standing AFK will kill everything, no matter how much time passes (even though that takes some work)But those three cons still aren't enough to stop me from enjoyng the game."
76561198106290494,Recommended,248820,20302981,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Squarebox64,If you like binding of issac type games get this game
76561198039230634,Recommended,248820,22824299,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Sexy Pachinko,Great Game. Lots of fun and replay value. Worth every cent.
,Recommended,248820,13283049,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Dragonlord3344,"Great side scroller with local and online multiplayer, tons of fun and if you dont have it you dont know what your missin out on."
76561198127617104,Recommended,248820,29832389,Posted: 10 February,all,Bart4huis,amazing yet kinda very ♥♥♥♥ing hard and unforgiving if you make a mistake as tiny as starting to play it you'll never stop
,Recommended,248820,29628862,Posted: 1 February,all,Keep Fresh Gondola,You can be anything you want to beJust turn yourself into anythingYou think that you could ever be
,Recommended,248820,28497236,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Wolf God,Astonishing
,Recommended,248820,8403451,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,๖Jarek,"Really good - and thats an understatement. The music is epic, and the gameplay is unlike anything ive seen."
,Recommended,248820,9801234,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Valk 93,"Let me start this off by saying that this game is amazing fun and a definite must have.Now for a real review.Risk of Rain is a mix of a platformer, a rogue-lite and action. The player is dropped off on a strange and hostile planet after a crash with their spaceship. You set out as one of 10 characters that made an emergency landing far from the ship to make your way back to that very ship. Your goal is to survive the journey there, taking you through at least 5 levels (with 10 different ones) on the way. Reaching the ship will take quick thinking, combat capabilities and guts. Without these, you will not survive.Risk of Rain plays through (mostly) randomly generated levels where death means death. No quickloading, no respawn points, nothing. You die you start over. On your way through the levels your character gains experience and money from killing enemies. Experience levels your character up and boosts it's stats (like health, damage output, HP regen etc). Money is spent on either chests for random items, vending stations to pick from 3 items, or on shrines to try your luck for an item. Items are either passive or 'use' items, and will prove valueable on your journey. Every item has it's own unique trait, and gathering as much as you can will definitly aid your survival.Every level is filled with different enemies, from rock golems to big-horners (I hate these) to robot Temple Guardians. Each with their own attacks and strategy to approach. At the end of every level a teleporter awaits, setting in motion the final stage of a level. During 90 seconds the entire place fills up with enemies as well as a boss. Once are all defeated, the player can look around some more to pick up any items they might've forgotten (or couldn't afford yet) or progress to the next level.The beauty about the game is how every playthrough is different. Every character has their own 4 unique moves and playstyle. Every enemy has their own unique attack and traits. Every boss requires a different strategy to take down. And in the end it's all about that final encounter with the very being that destroyed your ship. Will you defeat him, or fall before him?Risk of Rain is amazing and I love it. 9/10"
,Recommended,248820,21680084,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Ocean Bacon,"Stunningly Beautiful Soundtrack, Great Overall Gameplay, Tons Of Replayability, Fun To Try Many things, Many Challenges Or Achivements To keep you going, And Tons Of Fun Enemies with great back story"
,Recommended,248820,23676277,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,S Z A,j0LL level: gaping
,Recommended,248820,23523012,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,G#0S+ R0BO+,"This game is amazing. Hard as hell but still feels fair when you've died the 1000th time.  Tells the story of it's universe through items, enemies and maps so even when you've died for the 1000th time you have quite the collection of favoured power up combos and stacks. Did i mention you'll die alot?"
,Not Recommended,248820,21989460,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Aglapiz1,"Graphics are okay, but the rest of the game is really dull. Levels are very repetitive, with them playing out mostly the same until the last level. Controls are weird, albeit intentionally so that items and other classes offer improved control/mobility to what they SHOULD be. Combat relies heavily on running away and nipping away health at monsters with WAY too much health, which gets tedious.  That or you ""cheese"" by standing in a spot where monsters can't get you and just spamming attacks until they die. There's so many items that the feeling of getting an item doesn't have nearly as much impact that it does in a game like Binding of Isaac. Bosses aren't that fun to fight. There are so many monsters that killing mobs starts to feel unrewarding after awhile. Binding of Isaac is similiar rogue type game, but its much more fun. Cave Story has simliar shooting aspects and its more fun. FTL is a similiar RNG based game and its more fun. This is just my opinion, I know I'm in the minority as alot of other people seem to like it. Just not a fan of the design choices at all1.5/5"
76561198146580905,Recommended,248820,24882494,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,ScrubsallOva,Where did my life go?3120301203102/10
76561197976222615,Recommended,248820,8601915,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,InstableMonster,simply awesome
,Recommended,248820,11427869,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,満開,Rhode Island will never be the same
,Recommended,248820,13022068,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,solhesten,"One of my favourite games for quite a while. I'm not even sure where to start.Its a very challenging and engaging game. You'll die again and again, and learn from it.Every playable character (about 10 of them, and will be unlocked as you progress through the game and do achievements) have 4 ""basic"" abilites, which I always kind of related to moba games, altho mostly in how the abilities are presented.The first one is a basic, low cooldown attack which you can spam.The rest of them can vary between different kinds of dashes, blinks, aoe abilities and I could keep going. The point is that every kit fits the character extremely well, and despite it might seem simple at first glance, you'll eventually have (and will) master the kit if you want to survive long enough to win the game.There is three difficulties to choose between, and when you get into the game, there is another difficulty bar - which will progressively be harder as time goes by and will eventually lead to bosses and elite creeps  spawning.This means you'll have to maximize the amount of gold you receive per level, so you can get as many items as you can on one level, while finishing the level as fast as possible so you wont waste time, and end up at a hard difficulty with few items (which are essential to survival).Speaking of items, there is a huge arsenal of different passive items, which have varying degrees of usefullness depending on what character you play as. Getting basic attack speed buffs, wont do you much good on a bolt sniper, but it might be good on others that are more dps focused. In that way, your build can vary in many ways (There are artifacts you can find, which among others, will make you able to specifically pick items, rather than getting random drops everytime - which is the norm).Other than passive items, there are also a bunch of different actives, with a world of different uses - and works a lot like of your 4 basic abilities, but with a much longer cooldown.It is very much worth mentioning it has both local and online coop available - although I havent found that to be very balanced, mostly due to its hard splitting items up, as you wont get much more gold despite being two or more people. Its still very fun however.I personally love the ""simplifed"" pixel artstyle the game has, and has a lot of charm to it.Lastly, but almost most importantly, the soundtrack by Chris Christodoulou, is insanely good. I've played for 50+ hours I think, and listened to the soundtrack outside of the game as well, and I'm still not bored of it.(Chanson d'Automne will always have a special place in my heartAlso, you can beat giant magma worms up as a guy with huge fists. So satisfying.Updated with artifacts that change the gameplay, adds even more content to the game. Possible to local/online coop as well."
76561197960686181,Recommended,248820,15210481,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Adam,"What a great game.  So many items to buff you up and so many awesome characters and abilities to choose from! I'd pay 20$ for this game, but it's only 2.74! Get it while it's hot!!"
76561198060688760,Recommended,248820,9401419,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Leo,10/10 it's ok.-IGN
76561198084525211,Recommended,248820,24549835,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Your host killer memestar,"This game is like a drug.It's the equivalent of Purple Drank, some drops of THC, and some Cocaine.Now take that and inhale it with your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.The feeling when you wake up with your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ the size of your fully open mouthole with ""Haha Gay"" written with Sharpie on your left asscheek and you say:""♥♥♥♥, I wanna do that again.""That's the feeling this game gave me. Although challenging at first, when you get into it, you ♥♥♥♥ing get into it. This game turned me from a non-believer to a believer, an edgy♥♥♥♥♥normie to a memelord, from straight to gay ( <3 <3 ) and I didn't and will not regret the hours I spend on playing this♥♥♥♥♥♥TL;DR : Challenging at first but offering ton of replay material, definitely get this game."
,Recommended,248820,22771111,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,i love chara,"this game is legitimately the only reason i even wake up in the morning anymore. every day i see that mutants and degenerates are tearing the world apart more and more. but at least there is still risk of rain. they haven't taken that from me yet. in ten or twenty years, when the profligates and sybarites have burned all of civilization to the ground, and i am the last clean and morally righteous individual left on the planet, i will still be here, playing risk of rain."
,Recommended,248820,30345810,Posted: 5 March,all,Pvt. Leonard Church,Although I only have 30- hours of this game; it's one of my favorites and it deserves more updates; maybe a DLC or a sequel.
,Recommended,248820,30182871,Posted: 25 February,all,AsCii_exe,tfw when the tanks form an indie singleplayer videogame are actually more balanced than the ones from most of the online games I'm recently playing
,Recommended,248820,7836300,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Eregon,Wiked Crazy game! Worth a GREAT look. :D
,Recommended,248820,12393802,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Nannerpus1223,"This game is awesome and if you don't have this game, why don't you have this game?"
,Recommended,248820,12664951,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,daldo,"Thick, tight, and solid."
,Recommended,248820,12467925,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Rhodin,"I had an Atari 2600 and loved it. This game makes me think of an alternate future where Atari 2600-style graphics still rule, and gameplay supercedes eyecandy.In terms of playability, this game runs the gamut from fun to frustrating. It can bebrutal, and yet I have come back a number of times to try again. When my nephew was home sick, I brought down my laptop and we played together. It was just as punishing, but absolutely hilarious too, so the local co-op feature isawesome.Is it all good? No. For novices and those seeking more fun than fury, it's a bittootough. And while the controls with the Xbox 360 gamepad are great, using the keyboard isn't, which can make local co-op rough if you don't have multiple 360 controllers. Additionally, and this may change, I've been having issues with the game crashing once I complete a level. I understand bugs can be tough to squish, but it does tarnish an otherwise good experience.Overall, this game is worth the money. I got the four-pack on sale, which made it even better. If you enjoy retro action games, particularly if you prefer local to online co-op, give this one a go.Graphics: 8/10Audio: 9/10Gameplay: 8/10Replayability: 7/10Overall: 7.5/10"
,Recommended,248820,12795884,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,A  X  I  D  I  U  S,100% risk of GAINS.
,Recommended,248820,12637140,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,❆Frozelar,"Honestly, I found Risk of Rain to get kind of dull after a little while, but I'm aware that a lot of people have spent huge amounts of time with it and haven't gotten bored of it yet.  Overall, if it's your type of game, I would definitely recommend Risk of Rain."
,Recommended,248820,12690908,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Adam Brewskie,DA BESS GAEM
76561198094301556,Not Recommended,248820,15387553,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Foxen,"Waited for quite a while to catch this one on sale, gotta say I was a bit disappointed. The general game and mechanics are really fun, all the characters I've played so far feel really unique. The different characters feel particularly nice whenever you play with friends and put together a team. The music is pretty nice, but I was stuck on the first level long enough to get sick of the song and turn on my own music(This never happened with Wings of Vi, where I was definitely stuck listening to certain tracks for 10x as long)My biggest problem with the game is that it seems riddled with arbitrary difficulty. All of the enemy animation reads (that I have experienced by reaching level 6) are fine, and can be learned with a little time and effort. The problem is, they are just far too tanky for it to be reasonable, this leads to some really terrible cheesing tactics. For example, standing on the other side of a platform gap and nuking a large crowd. I hate to have to cheese things in general, but it's almost like the game is built around cheesing large groups of enemies, they are just far too tanky for the amount of damage you put out, even with a stellar powerup lineup. No, I haven't unlocked all of the powerups yet, but I doubt that will change the level of vitality that these enemies possess. You either stand out of range and spam the shoot key, or you jump into a crowd and risk getting your health chunked away (this situation is especially true in later levels) When you eventually end up having to cheese it, it just feels cheap, it's honestly one of the most disappointing aspects of the game, to me. I'm a huge fan of difficulty, I've worked through tough titles such as Spelunky, 1001 Spikes, and Wings of Vi, and this game just doesn't present an enjoyable difficulty where you can learn little nuances in the mechanics to further your skills. It's all about blasting a huge crowd of enemies that should have been dead 30 shots ago.(This is my first review, so if it's♥♥♥♥♥ sorry)tl;dr - Mechanics are fun, but the enemy balancing seems poorly done to the point of ruining the experience for me. Don't buy at full price, but if you have friends to play with, catch it on sale.Edit: Also, about half of my hours on this game are AFK. When I close the game, steam doesn't realize it's closed, so to fully close out of it I have to shut steam down. It's weird"
,Not Recommended,248820,14941087,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Mastier,"First off i freaking love(d) this Game, i played it when it came out and wasnt even available in Steam, i had Hours of fun with this Game i even beat the freaking End Boss over and Over.So why do i not recommend it? Thats easy.... or should i say hard?Because thats what this Game truly is, or atleast it gotten so hard that its gotten freaking Impossible for any non-Hardcore Risk of Rain player.I wouldnt go as far as saying im a casual seeing how ""good"" i once was but its not fun to me anymore. (Ill probably continue playing this Game though, trying to get better because i want to Love it again as it can be really fun if you have a good run)The Items you get in this Game which make it Interesting are almost always Random and even though some Combinations of Items can be Overpowered later on it depends extremely on Luck.If you get the wrong items at the start you cant deal with the Enemys that come and as the Games difficulty increases with the Time you play per run by the time you might get a few decent Items the Enemys have already become unkillable for you.Since the Positives of this Game can be found in any of the mostly Positive Feedbacks im not going into detail about those... It does have a bunch of Positives so read a good Feedback for that but i will concentrate on the bad stuff.- If you dont have Luck with the Items the game becomes nearly Impossible and this takes the fun- Leveling Up gives you rea-eaally low Bonuses compared to how fast the Enemys get stronger- Even with an Item that increases your Max life for Kills you cant tank anything and even if there are items that reduce damage give armor and Health Regeneration they dont help much, in fact even if you'd only get Tanky Items a Mobgroup takes you down in almost an Instant unless you are lucky enough to get the ""Health on Hit""-Item which doesnt help you much if you dont continue getting it as the effect is not percentual but 2 HP/Per Hit/Per Item- Because of the rapidly increasing Strenght of Mobs and the more Powefull Versions of Mobs that exist, youll find yourself Kiting most of the Time which leads to wasting Time making the Mobs even more Powerfull, because you need to be moving most of the Time Melee Classes are at a Heavy Disadvantage and almost unplayable (Though there is one that can Block all damage coming from one directions youll get too slow and mobs start moving around you and once you are in a group disabling that Ability will almost always kill you instantanously)- Since Levelup bonus doesnt give you the Power to fight back youll find that most of your Damage is depending on your Items, since those are Random and the Activation aswell you need to bash at even a single Mob for quite some time with all your skills before it eventually dies.""Hey theres a Casual difficulty Option"" I hear you say, but since that doenst save your Progress you cant unlock any Characters or Items with it and most people arent very fond of playing the One Character you can play in the beginning with just a handfull of Items to Collect.As much as i want to Love this Game its gotten so hard for me that its not fun to play anymore and because its so incredibly Luck based there are few rounds that i can actually collect some stuff before i get overwhelmed by the Enemies that not only have like 10 Times my Health but also Spawn so fast that they form a Group that bursts me down in an Instant.If you can play this Game, and dont have trouble with the Difficulty and Random Items as much as I do than i totally recommend this Game for you but this is not a Game everyone can have fun with (anymore)"
76561198052497903,Recommended,248820,7788802,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Brimir,"For those fans of the old challenging and hardcore games back in the day, this game might be for you.  You WILL die. You will die quite a lot. However, losing is fun. There are some rogueish elements to the game that lets it shine. There is a large arsenal of common and rare items you'll find and unlock on your journey to survive as long as possible in the harsh planet riddled with monsters. As time progresses you'll find that even boss spawns will become commonplace.  There will be various styles of play through unlockable characters and the difficulty will ramp up in a short amount of time.  This game can be played in short bursts but it'll be hard to put this one down. This game isn't without its problems, though.Pros:-Unlockable characters for diverse playing styles.-Good scale of difficulty via three gaming modes.-Can be played in a short bursts with a satisfying amount of content to unlock.-Pixel art done right. The game is beautiful.-A good variety of mobs and bosses.-A great price for the amount of hours you will lose on this game.-Wonderful music.Cons:-Clunky co-op. You may need to port forward or use a program like hamachi to play co-op. This might be an issue for some.-Some classes are a bit under powered. (I'm looking at you, Sniper.)-Frame rate will dip quite often towards the end of the game or during co-op.-Some mobs may glitch out making it impossible to advance to the next level.I do not believe in ever giving a rating for a game on steam. These 'reviews' are merely subjective. I think this is a very good game considering some of the technical issues it has. I enjoy it. That's just my opinion of this game, nothing more.This game is fun.  :)"
,Recommended,248820,7678192,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,<TVB>altabiscuit,"This game is relentlessly difficult and fun, even more so with friends."
,Recommended,248820,7690101,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,The Sandman,"A bloody good game that is balls to the wall hard. And, better yet, it gets harder as you play! A SMASHING show of enjoyment! Everything requires skill and timing to survive untill you make a fatal misstake.Actual Review: The game starts you out with one character, the commando, who can evade attacks with a dodge. This character is FAR from being terrible. It's like Isaac from The Binding of Isaac. Every character has a play style to learn and master, each with different forms of strengths and weaknesses.For the gameplay, it is very enjoyable. The longer you take, the harder it gets! This means that when you're at endgame you will still be faced with a challenge. Definitely worth the 10 dollars.10/10 would ban- um play."
,Recommended,248820,7752352,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Petry an den Herd!,"Risk of Rain ist a addictiv, fast paced and funny Game. Yes you will die. Often. But thats the meaning, playing a a Rogue-like. For  the first time, you will face more than Knights, Sword, Demons and Zombies. Now you are in Space, shooting with Guns, Launching Rockets and detonating Mortars. Its Cheap. Its Fun. One of the Best of his Genre on Steam :) Buy!"
76561197989834698,Recommended,248820,7772701,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Makakai,"If you like brutal platformers that only get harder, facing waves of bosses by the end, this is your game.Great fun singleplayer or coop :)"
,Recommended,248820,7780103,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Dew,An amazing game that I have sunk way to much time into. Chalanging and fun at the same time with varied gameplay with its class system and crazy items with passive buffs that just makes the game more interesting.
,Recommended,248820,7809974,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,RevSirkirby,"Highly addictive game, loads of fun,must buy!"
,Recommended,248820,7709831,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,『Lyh Flare』 - FΛLLΞИ,"Jump directly into some intense action but be cautious for every minute counts, no it aint no fancy time limit that counts downwards but the longer you stay, the harder it gets! but do not fear, on your journey you will be able to recover scrapped bots for your companions, and upgrades along the way.I am in love with the graphics I have rarely been that pleased of a game like this, actiually the first round made me ragequit, and i just sta there browsed around for some time and reentered to complete the story mode!The soundtrack is so lovely, and fits the different worlds you visit! This is one of the few games that has been perfected, the difficulty is what YOU do it to, your main goal is to activate a teleporter (to proceed) and wait a certain amount of times as monters respawn faster and a boss apears, you will repeat the process until you reach the final stage, a somewhat maze like factory or ship.I would without doubt reccomend this to the gamer who is looking for a real challenge, beause the difficulty level of the game is hard to place as time passes on.There is also a large variety of playable characters with unique combat abilities so the replay ability is also put into the game!I am happy to give this game a 10/10"
,Recommended,248820,7789580,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Divisor,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing solid. It's challenging, fast-paced, incredibly addictive, and an awesome way to kill time. It plays like any standard action platformer—arrow keys to move, Z X C V to use abilities (unless you're playing with a controller, which I do), and revolves around careful positioning between you and your enemies as well as knowing the right time to chain your attacks together to be as effective as possible. At first this is easy; the starter class ""Commando"" is very good at maintaining distance from monsters, but after enough time has passed the game gets exceedingly difficult, to the point where it is nigh impossible if you aren't prepared.You'll be spending most of your time scouring your environment for item upgrades, killing monsters and picking up cash along the way in order to purchase them. Each upgrade is fairly unique from each other—some will regenerate your health more quickly, some give you a chance to freeze, knock back, or incite fear in any enemies you attack, and others will even cause your abilities to explode on impact. Not to mention the fact that you can find small drones to assist you along the way, whether they heal you periodically or help shoot stuff. While some upgrades might not be so useful on their own, with enough time you can stock up on dozens at once and completely wreck♥♥♥♥♥♥because you're so beefed up.Now, since this is a roguelike, there are such features as permadeath, random world generation, and chance. Of course, dying is by no means the end of the game, and in fact it's almost necessary to unlock any upgrades or characters you've received as a reward for completing achievements, but at the same time, survival is one of the most enjoyable parts of the game. I can't tell you how good it feels to watch a wave of giant♥♥♥♥♥monsters charging you only to completely wreck them because you have a significant arsenal at your disposal and you're smart enough to know how to use it.The random world generation and chance go hand in hand, though, and if you've played a roguelike before, you should be expecting that going in. Since the layout of the world and the monsters and items that populate it are all randomized, it is entirely possible that your world either doesn't have very many items in it, or the ones that it -does- have aren't the best. It can also be mildly frustrating to be going after a specific achievement only to find that you can't get it because your world doesn't have the right stuff in it. For example, there's an achievement that requires you to pass 4 shrines in a row (shrines offer you a chance at getting upgrades), and if the world you're in simply doesn't have 4 shrines, you're♥♥♥♥♥♥outta luck. Restart, try again, and cross your fingers. There's a handful of other similar instances in the game, but it certainly doesn't bog down the game as a whole. Random or procedural generation makes up almost half of the roguelike genre entirely.Difficulty is also one of the main reasons I enjoy this game so much. There's a timer on the HUD that tells you what difficulty you're currently on, starting at Very Easy and going up I think 8 levels from there. Over time, the timer ticks up and up and the game gets harder and harder. At first, I didn't like this idea because I felt that if I wasn't playing fast enough, the game would simply get too hard and I'd have no chance at survival. But that's the point. Play efficiently, think quickly, and the game rewards you continuously everytime you overcome a boss or mob of monsters. Once you start to get a feel for how the game progresses, you'll find that the game's difficulty scales pretty evenly with how often you're picking up upgrades. You'll only feel overwhelmed by the sheer number and force of your enemies if you lag behind or don't utilize the tools at your disposal correctly. And let me note real quick that I've only gotten to the hardest difficulty once by sort of cheating at the game, abusing a specific area in the world to stay mostly safe from harm. If I had strayed from that ""cheat"" for more than ten seconds, I would be dead. This game does not ♥♥♥♥ around if you make it far enough. It will keep coming at you and hammering you until you're dead and there's nothing you can do except survive for as long as possible. It's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.---Entirely unrelated from everything else, but I will note one more issue that applies to anybody who has a multiple-monitor setup and is using stuff like Nvidia Surround or AMD Eyefinity (I don't, so I can't speak with 100% accuracy here, I'm just telling you what I know). The way the game handles scaling and resolution is wonky, to say the least. It's basically stuck to a 16:9 aspect ratio and won't go any smaller. You can't change the size of the window in windowed mode and if your resolution is bigger than 1920x1080, it will stretch to fit across all of your monitors and will be basically unplayable. If you have multiple monitors on your setup, you -can- still play, but it'll take some googling to find a workaround to make the game display properly. I recommend doing some research before you go and buy the game if this applies to you. Other than that, great ♥♥♥♥ing game."
,Recommended,248820,7890658,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Alice,"An unusual breed of platformer roguelike that has cut away elements of the MOBA genre and absorbed them into its fleshy exterior to create a hideously enjoyable game. Much like in a MOBA you are racing an inevitable snowball of difficulty. As the game slowly increases the amount of variety of monsters spawning in your game the longer you survive. You survive through a combination of leveling up and acquiring items. Acquiring items is both random and a pick and mix. And aiming for certain builds adds additional depth to the game. All of the equipable items can stack for additional effect, with a few exceptions to prevent you from attaining god mode too easily. ( It can be done, but it takes a lot of dead bosses. )The game is also oozing replayability with challenges and achievements which unlock new items for you to find. 10 totally unique classes, 9 of which have unique challenges to unlock them. And a bonus score attack mode which appears before the final level that allows you to reroll through the maps from stage one again but with the monster spawn difficulty set to scale to infinity, how high can you go and survive? Bring an umbrella though, it might rain."
,Recommended,248820,7748296,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Гопник Евген,"Awesome soundtrack. Difficulty seems to be a logarithmic graph, whereas player power is linear. thus, at some point your character is so strong, that it doesnt matter what the game throws at you. (this counts for the normal difficulty mode)"
,Recommended,248820,7826052,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Spektrum,"A Scifi oriented roguelike game where the focus is more on the combat than on the platforming. Game is rewarding, in sense that when you eventually die you still feel that your death was justified and you progressed farther than last time. Several classes to unlock with different play styles, great combat system which rewards planning ahead and timid explicit execution.Oh and awesome soundtrack."
,Recommended,248820,7826557,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,"Xhamu, the Raccunt","valio la pena juntar $9.99 para jugar esto, 11/10 mu weno"
,Recommended,248820,24864538,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,GeneralCockPuncher,>Guys want to play risk of rain>server set up>we all join and play>we have fun>i choose tank build>i do little damage>friends die>spends 30 minutes on a level>friends wait>friends start reading shakespeare>i beat the level11/10 would buy again
,Recommended,248820,12701327,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Nascu,"Quite the meme, you should check it out."
76561198105557587,Recommended,248820,9935765,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Demonic,This game is absolutely amazing. Only downsight is you have to host a game on a server
,Recommended,248820,7743106,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,empty_graves,Be sure to pack your umbrella.
,Recommended,248820,9900186,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Metamorphic,Dis game is awesomes!
76561198040428034,Recommended,248820,9094251,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Nobody died at Sandy Hook,fun farst sexy
,Recommended,248820,29765496,Posted: 7 February,all,PS3Overlord,"Great, fun, action, fast paced game!"
,Recommended,248820,14173677,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Lunarisk,Eh
,Recommended,248820,15343776,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,emz,"Fun, challenging, simple to understand, good idea of the increasing difficulty over time instead of levels, wide variety of characters and unlockables in-game.Co-op worked well, a slight lag, this may have been due to location issues though.Game cost about a pound on sale, even at full price it is a good buy if its your type of game."
76561198015255309,Recommended,248820,8884120,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,dynamohare,"Helluva lot of fun, even if it is a rogue-like game.  What's best about this game, is that it lets you learn and grow in skill, and takes that skill into account with its difficulty.  Yes, it gets harder as you play, but it doesn't jerk you around like a lot of rogue like games do where they base 'difficulty' off of pure luck.  Here, luck factors in just as much as skill and judgement."
,Recommended,248820,8636584,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,finalfunk,"Great game.This is a (difficult!) side-scrolling, action platformer with randomly generated scenarios / drops and permanent death. There is also a series of unlockable objects and character classes (10!), but unlike another popular rogue-lite of late (Rogue Legacy), there is no persistent 'leveling' from one run to the next. Each run starts a new character at base stats (for their class) and survival is a function of (mostly) skill and (less, but still significant) luck (i.e. what enemies / bosses spawn, where the objectives land, what items are dropped).There's another interesting mechanic at play: difficulty increases over time. You can pick your 'starting difficulty', but there is a timer that kicks up the difficulty a notch every few minutes, so that you have to make careful choices about chasing upgrades vs. progressing to the next level.For timeline reference, I almost beat the game this morning in an hour-long run, but by then the difficulty was up in the ""Insane"" thresholds. I had been going slow, collecting lots of power-ups, so I was well equipped for the toughness, but not well enough, in the end. If I had skipped just a few minor upgrades (in the form of items collected) or powered through some of the level bosses a bit faster, I probably could have beaten it. (I've been told that you can beat it in 25 minutes, but 40-60 is more likely. If you are willing to let the difficulty max out, you can spend hours in game before finishing)Since I'm comparing it to Rogue Legacy now, other differences include the older, pixel-art style. (Don't take this as an insult. The pixel art and animations are beautiful!). There is also local and online co-op, but I haven't tried those out, yet. (They can only add value to this positive recommendation at this point).Overall: Highly recommended (Probably well-suited to people that liked Rogue Legacy and also like the pixel-art aesthetic.)"
,Recommended,248820,21498774,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Caprice,"You would think it was just another one of them: old-school looking, pixelated, platforming, roguelike games... (There aren't really that many, now that I think about it) ...However! What makes this game differ from other games of it's type, is that it's crammed full of -RANDOM Content- and the challenges you face ARE hard and only get harder based on the time you take to progress and your own level scaling, no matter what difficulty you play, which can be a problem if you are in the habit of grinding and three bosses come out of nowhere and eat you alive.The world is different every time you play (and when you progress), which can be a mix of both a good and a bad thing as certain items can spawn in unreachable places. The elements of the game are probably the best I have seen possible for a game as simple as this (which sounds kind of like an insult when you put it that way) and it just get's better when you play with friends, in terms of having fun running around and levelling up together.However, the multiplayer (even on a Local Connection - LAN) can be a bit buggy, i've gotten numerous unlockables online and have not actually collected them in my Item/Monster Log(s), because of these issues. Other than those flaws, I do hope the developers continue making games. 85/100."
,Recommended,248820,33160451,Posted: 2 July,all,Odin,"Great rogue-lite action platformer game, with multiple character and items to unlock, also the soundtracks are awesome. Be prepared to die. A LOT."
76561198003544853,Recommended,248820,12249090,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Kapetinha,Amazing and addictive game! Many different and fun-to-play characters!
,Recommended,248820,7787285,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Toottootpants,Quite a good game and worth your time and money.
,Recommended,248820,8766516,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Greeny3ny,"Ready for some fast paced, side scrolling action? Buy this. One thing though - permadeath"
,Recommended,248820,9058662,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Qwonze,"The Binding of Issac + League of Legends, it's great!"
,Recommended,248820,24370743,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Burribro,"Risk of Rain: The Ideal RoguelikeTo start, I call this game the ""ideal roguelike"" because unlike many other games in the genre, Risk of Rain relies far more on your personal skill & knowledge rather than how lucky you get. How well you do in this game isn't about getting lucky and rolling some amazing item on the first stage that'll let you easily blow through otherwise annoyingly difficult areas (looking at you, Binding of Isaac) - instead, how well your runs go in Risk of Rain focus almost entirely on how well you know your character's abilities and the enemies you fight, as well as knowing how to properly pick your fights so your health isn't melted in seconds. Even with the best items in the game, you can easily still get wiped by getting cocky with crowds of enemies. This game is brutally difficult and expects a lot from the player, but it never once feels unfair or improperly balanced - every death could have been avoided with some more skill and it becomes a learning experience. I personally find that this game hits that skill > luck chord of a good roguelike perfectly, and dare I say it's the absolute best game I've played in the genre.To sum it up, Risk of Rain is an immensely fun and addictive game that has eaten over 100 hours of my life despite the average run typically lasting only 40 - 90 minutes.  The wide variety of characters encourages learning various interesting playstyles while randomized levels, enemies, bosses, item drops, and the added thrill of game-changing artifacts keep things feeling fresh and fun. Like frosting on a cake, the amazing soundtrack from Chris Christodoulou tops the experience off perfectly and makes Risk of Rain a satisfying game both audibly and visually. It is simply an amazing game that I'd recommend to just about anyone. I do wish it still received content updates, but the devs are busy enough with university already.Note: The multiplayer component has steadily gotten better over time and is fairly reliable these days, although you do have to connect to a host by IP rather than through the Steam network so it can get iffy if you don't know how to forward ports. It can easily support a large amount of people playing at once (5+), but watch out for network instability issues."
,Recommended,248820,16769421,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Ursula,"Want something you won't get bored of anytime soon? Want a real challenge? This is a game for you, then, pal.The amount of variety and different scenarios you can get in this game makes this so much fun, especially when played in co-op mode. Its pace seems rather sluggish at first, but after some time the excitement levels reach the peak with the constantly rising difficulty. It's rather unforgiving, so it might not be suited for everyone, though.There is always something to do with unlockable items, characters and artifacts, and even after you catch 'em all it's still hella good. With many characters you can surely find someone for yourself. The loads of items you can get in the adventure make every run unique and make you decide the way you play it.The graphical style of the game is just beautiful, especially the backgrounds, tilesets and bigger enemies. And the music, holy magmaworms, it's a masterpiece. What you'll hear when you mercilessly decimate squads of Lemurians will stay in your head for a long time. The lore is shrouded in mystery, but for the curious it's also another neat thing to dig into.Summing up, Risk of Rain is an exceptionally well-made roguelike game. Even if there's no actual ""rain"", there is loads of ""risk"" in it. Definitely worth its price."
,Recommended,248820,7736670,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,Aldrenean,"One of the best Rogueish platformers.  Very hard, though lucky runs can make you nigh-invincible.  Tons of item variety, online MP support... the biggest downside is how difficult the character unlocks are, it will probably take you at least 20 runs to unlock your first character if you're playing solo and not spoiling yourself.  Highly recommended."
76561198042720649,Recommended,248820,9940632,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Kwapplecrasher,"Amazing music and solid gameplay make this an undoubtedly fun game on their own, but it really shines when you get multiplayer set up!The random properties of the game make for a perfect blend of the lone wolf, divide and conquer mentality, and actual strength-in-numbers co-operation."
,Recommended,248820,20670643,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,jim bob,Great game for playing with friends. Me and my pal enjoy this game together. It may require hamachi if you can't portforward.
,Recommended,248820,11001578,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,RunFast McChunky,wanna get that pillar of community badge
,Recommended,248820,14858518,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Doodle,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,248820,7896272,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,»°Pear,If you're looking for a binding of isaac concept without the trollengine here's the game for ya
76561197973300271,Recommended,248820,7707204,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,Ginseng Hitler Beepollen,"Absolutely phenominal.  You wouldnt expect an 8 bit side scroller to have the depth, tightness, and skilled gameplay that this game acheives but man its fun, rewarding and thoroughly challenging.  A rogule like so if thats your bag, do buy."
76561198101534053,Recommended,248820,33353665,Posted: 7 July,all,Pageel,A very fun rouge-like game. Both multiplayer and single player are extremely enjoyable. I love the sound track and the monster animations. 10/10 worth the price.
76561198045185454,Recommended,248820,18288396,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Cpt.Buggy,"""I'm not locked in here with you.You're locked in here with ME."" [cit.]"
,Recommended,248820,18600155,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,BlueberryBlues,"Providence looks cool. Hell the entire game does. It's not local coop friendly, sadly. So grab friends."
76561198075249328,Recommended,248820,18827186,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Point Blank Lexicon,"Action Roguelike that's more addicting than most FPS. Interesting level design, easter eggs aplenty, and items that modify gameplay so as to be able to add even more playability. Basically 2D Dark Souls, with less second chances and more losing absolutely everything that you ever loved within 2 hours or less. Satisfaction of beating the game is sometimes nullified by one line of text that is so absolutely evil that you'll be dejected by this game for months, 10/10!"
76561198141389633,Recommended,248820,18803955,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Mush,"At first the game didn’t appeal to me until I started to play with a few friends of mine. You start out with one character that’s sensibly weak since all the mobs are weak as well, but then unlock more as you continue to play. What makes the game interesting is the power-ups and the artifacts. Very fun game, especially with friends."
76561198006254805,Recommended,248820,19337348,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Monastyr,"Risk of Rain. A rogue-like title released a while ago. It includes many different characters with diverse playstyles, a ton of items, a bunch of enemies and bosses, and a tough challenge to go along with it. I've crashed this game many times. Its not hard. It has its flaws, it has its downsides and upsides. But the thing about this game... Its incredibely fun to play it with 3 other friends, online or local. Growing together as a powerful team of monster slayers... Space Explorers... You get the gist of it, do you not? Trying to do some of the challenges is hard, but once you do it, you feel like a gosh darn king. Give it a shot, come back, make your own review and see how you enjoyed it."
,Recommended,248820,12703867,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,[NAME INVALID],"I'll start of by saying this is one of the best games I've ever played. It has a slick indie/ retro pixel style with shoot-em-up and swarm elements, along with a difficulty reminescent of Dark Souls and other rogue likes. I see a lot of negative reviews on here, all with low play-times. The point is to get into the game. Put time into this game and you will reap the benefits. It's addicting as well as challenging, and unlocking new characters and items vastly changes the way the game plays. The devs did a great job of making various characters for various playstyles, and I find myself trying new unique ways to play every day. Play this game, love this game, and you'll have an amazing experience with it."
76561198122996554,Recommended,248820,12791758,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,duende_senpai,"When I bought this game, I didn't knew a thing about it. Anything, really.Then, when I first played it, I thought ""wow it's hard very difficult"". And in fact it is, but the game starts to give you possibilities to grow stronger and get better during the gameplay.It got some little bugs (that are getting fixed, you can see that in the updates). But, despite that, the game is awesome, the visual is incredible, physics are good, feedbacks are perfect and the sound design and soundtrack are REALLY AWESOME!I totally say: Buy this game. Play it until you get really tired of it (if you get)."
76561197999235456,Recommended,248820,12851514,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,UpsideDownsideUp,Insanely addicting and insanely fun Risk of Rain is a great game.
,Recommended,248820,12870649,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Hayden Sikh,"Difficult to start out but as abilities and other character classes are unlocked then it stabilizes.  That same variety of character classes and abilities allow for a lot of repeated playability.  There is a bit of a story which is as much implied as told, a sublte touch that I do like, but if you're looking for a story-driven game then this is not the one for you.This is currently my go-to game when I'm listening to something in the background and I need something to keep myself busy while I absorb that."
,Recommended,248820,12941951,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Adimarchus,"Imagine a Hammer...You start with just the hammer, start tinkering with it and turn it to an electric hammer, then you go and start making it larger and more intensified. Then this hammer become bigger and larger than your size if not 5 times bigger...now imagine this hammer hitting you...Yeah thats this game from start to finish."
,Recommended,248820,12957023,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Drix,"I play a lot of Risk Of Rain. Out of all my games I have the second most playtime on this little rouge-like. There is no game I would recommend getting more than Risk of Rain, it is beautiful it is fun and it is one of the best games I have ever played."
,Recommended,248820,12997558,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,King Jellybean,I had barbed wire covering my screen10.1 / 9.2
76561198086646122,Recommended,248820,12847927,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,V.I.R,if you want to take your mind off the world for a minute. Risk of rain is the game to do it.
,Recommended,248820,12699656,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Loverin,Fun to play with friends and hardlike my dingus-dingus
,Recommended,248820,12747889,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Nonzoe,"Risk of Rain is a wonderful rouge-like game wih proceduraly generated levels, that I think everyone should have. There are, as of now (Thank the update) 12 playable classes in the game. However you need to unlock them.So when you start the game you go to one of two (1st) levels that are then tweaked to give a slightly new look to the map (the changes are not very profound but they can affect how you go through the level), and then you find the teleporter neccecary to leave the level and advance in the game. While looking for teleporters there are chests scattered around that you'll want to buy, but likely don't have the money for right now. This creates a need to stay for the loot, but one of the games core mechanics is an incentive to rush for the teleporter. In game, Risk of Rain places a timer and a difficulty bar on the top right of the screen, the longer you play, the harder the difficulty is. (there is also a casual and hardmode for the respective gamers). With this timer insignificant choices can become very important. Also there's a decent amount of collectibles to acquire, and the items you get on each run through are intersting and feel important by themselves but devastatingly useful when combined. One play through of this game can go from 10 minutes to indefinite depending on if you want to continue playing before the final level. I personally recommend this game and have gifted it to many of my friends because this game is 4-player cooperative and is a damn blast with friends.Also, With the recent update performance is a lot better in game I used to experience issues with lag on the final level (lot's and lot's of enemies) but now it runs pretty smooth. Also the game now supports ACTUAL full screen capabilities which is awesome btw."
,Recommended,248820,12966287,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Sharksie,"EDIT: Wow, that was a lot longer than I was expecting it to be, haha.  Added a TLDR at the bottom.This game is hands down the best roguelike game I've ever played.The developers claim single player is the intended play mode but multiplayer is where this game really shines.  You can select one of three difficulty levels for your playthrough, but easy mode won't save progress.  The gameplay is easy to learn but difficult to master, every character has a unique skillset and every item will give you some sort of bonus and learning how to synergize your skill and item usage is necessary to completing your playthrough because the enemies will grow progressively stronger as time goes on while your growth depends on how much experience you're earning.  It's entirely possible to lose because you took too long to move to the next level where you'd earn experience faster, making quick strategic execution a vital part of anyone's playthrough.  There are three distinct stages of a risk of rain playthrough:Early game: You scavenge for loot, escape the hostiles, pray that you don't get cornered, and nourish yourself with your own tears.  You will die.Mid game: If this is the one-out-of-every-twenty playthroughs where you get lucky enough to get past the second level, you'll probably have enough items to begin developing some sort of strategy that helps you kill stuff more gooder.  Maybe you'll have a fleet of drones one-shotting the weak flying enemies and supporting you against the stronger ones, or an item combo like specs+scythe that allows you to heal from doing damage.  Bosses will also begin spawning randomly and dropping items each time they die.Late game:  In ROR you have the option to return to previous levels, but on the difficulty you're already at, and you can do it indefinitely.  If you choose to do so then you've chosen to become a god of death, demolishing anything in your path.  Elite bosses spawn like basic enemies and items litter the ground.  Most of them are worth nothing because you already have like thirty of them but occasionally you'll find an awesome rare or unique item.  The late game seems like it would be boring and monotonous at first, but returning to where you began and completely obliterating the beasts that once hunted you is anything but.Now onto more mechanics of the game.Replay value: High scores, unlockables items, unlockable characters, stats, and lore give you plenty of reasons to keep coming back.  As if that wasn't enough ROR has a system called Artifacts that allows you to set rules when you begin your playthrough so that even the gameplay itself will be unique.  My personal favorites are a combination of three:- Honor: Spawns every enemy as an elite (has higher health and damage and one of four special effects that make them more powerful)- Glass: Deal 500% damage, have 10% health- Sacrifice: items drop randomly from monsters instead of from chestsThere are ten in total, each with their own unique effect.  There are also twelve completely unique characters that all have their own different skills and play style.  You start with one and unlock others as you play.Multiplayer: This is how you play the game for real.  No noobs allowed.  Friendships will be tested, broken, remade, and tested again.  Every human emotion packed into an hour-long episode of shock, relief, and a lot of ""one more go""s.  It's awesome in a way that no other game is.Enemies: Every enemy is unique in a way that requires you to rethink your strategy for every encounter and have multiple backup strategies incase things go awry.  Combinations of enemy types all stacked against you will take your options away faster than you can even remember what your options are, forcing you to develop new strategies on the spot and discover new ways to use your items and skills.  Every single playthrough is unique in the way the enemies are presented and the challenges you're faced with.  Your items provide you with strategies but they're all situational so even if you have the most awesome build you've ever had you can still get destroyed by a combination of enemies that you haven't encountered before.  This forces you to move slowly to preserve your playthrough, but at the same time the clock is ticking, threatening your playthrough with increasingly powerful enemies, and creating a unique tension that I've never seen in another game.TL;DR: Fast-paced roguelike platformer that's best with friends.  End the game soon and say you beat it or drag it on and destroy everything with hundreds of items.  Uniquely fun and has many opposing mechanics that create tension and must be balanced as you play through your playthrough, and there are plenty of reasons to play it over and over.Overall 9.5/10 - I wish they'd give QA a bit more attention, it's pretty standard for new updates to have a few bugs.Is it worth it?  If I had to pay $60 it would be worth it.  It's that good."
76561198142491501,Recommended,248820,23175119,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Big man,"Risk of rain, an excellent rouge-like space challange enthraled me for hours on end. The combonation of sureal scenery and fast passced combat had me hooked within the first hour. Diversity is all over this game, in terms of art style and character type. The only negative thing i have to say about this game is that i ust wish there was more, often times i found myself after a run wishing for there to be more or for the game to keep on going. Ive read the developer's comments on expanions or add ons to the games already vast content and he has said, ""updating is hard because I never expeteced ROR to get so big, to add things would require rewriting the entire game"".Over all score92/100"
,Recommended,248820,23043459,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Proxy,A really fun game. nice graphics. lots of items. amazing replayability. needs an update
76561198156619488,Recommended,248820,23220570,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,cool cat,good game but the online coop doesnt really work
,Recommended,248820,23219780,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,JerkDouglas,I put an awful lot of time into this one. It's always a pleasure.
,Recommended,248820,21035995,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Rumsey,"Crazily decent game, if you're looking for some co-op fun with friends, this is for you!"
76561198246447828,Recommended,248820,21091269,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Racortcho,I love this game!! Action packed and death... and things... Goodbye!! 🍆
,Recommended,248820,21114553,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Al-Pa-Kuhs,Do you like dying ? Do you like screaming at your computer ? Do you still live with your parents ? Feeling suicidal?Yes?Then this masterpiece of a game is for you10/10 too much death Ign
76561197991279501,Recommended,248820,21439740,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Ghost Judicator,"Oh my god,This game is an epic retro piece of gold! This brings me back to the days of hot seat sharing a keyboard playing old games on pc! A fresh and fun approach to local and online coop. This game is great the art is fantastic,the music is pulse pounding,and the gameplay is refreshing in a world dominated by fps and mmo type games. I see no cons at all with this game, maybe possibly if your a wimp the difficulty,very easy learning curb. Lots of different items and characters and damage addons,support addons...this game is all random and procedural...mind boggling...get this game now."
,Recommended,248820,17918623,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Spooky Magician,its pretty k.
76561198086470516,Recommended,248820,17961965,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Pivorock,"Took a little bit of getting used to, but finding the different artifacts and learning how to play with different classes to finally find the one is great. This game is worth the buy for sure, That last achivement was a pain though xD"
,Recommended,248820,18165022,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,theglasskat,"This is one of those sleepers that sadly might not get the recognition it deserves. Really fun game that will have you hitting ""restart"" for hours upon hours after you die and die and die and die again.... and loving every minute of it."
,Recommended,248820,18338235,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,LittleArsonist,"Terraria, but instead, give Terraria a campaign, different unlockable classes, ♥♥♥♥ loads of items, special artifacts (like skulls from Halo), and absolute chaos with the amount of enemies that spawn in and you've got yourself Risk of Rain. RoR is loads, even playing alone, but gets way funner and way more chaotic the more friends you play with it. Pick yourself up a copy today and get those challenges done soldier!"
,Recommended,248820,18577505,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,spookisato,"(chanting to self; walking around in public)""Don't get owned. Don't get owned.""(body quickly seperated into 500 pieces by metallic alien noise)"
,Recommended,248820,18666575,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Videntis,My gf asked me to play again.
,Recommended,248820,18351607,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Pope Mobile,"Really fun game. It has a learning curve and it takes some time to get a feel for the characters, enemies, and items. But once you start getting better, the game offers a lot of fun and challenge. Even when you've mastered it, you can turn on certain options (known as artifacts in-game) to up the difficulty even more.The music is also fantastic and sets the mood really well. The game is worth full price, but it's a must have if on sale."
,Recommended,248820,18376652,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,zacwiseone2,this game is better than a simple yes recomendation can express.
76561198154273180,Recommended,248820,18580037,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Liamuuu,This is an enjoyable game but i find that as you unlock some things the game can lose some of its shine but it is still a great game and is worth checking out.
76561198017394040,Recommended,248820,33039271,Posted: 30 June,all,Jonidipp,For the new guys who is looking for multiplayer. the one that is hosting must do a port forward thingy on your router. otherwise your friends cant connect to you. dont know how? google dat♥♥♥♥♥♥or check the community section.same goes to any of your friends that wanna host a game. enjoy.
,Recommended,248820,32945679,Posted: 28 June,all,ThePinkyPonk | Mannco.trade,"Risk of Tears, more like. This game is INSANE it is the hardest♥♥♥♥♥♥ever you should buyit straight away11/10 would get killed by flying jellyfish, balls of fire, lizard people and golems all at once again"
76561198152100248,Recommended,248820,22769416,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Shrimp,One of hopoos greatest.
76561198117110743,Recommended,248820,24905111,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Jirt,"Mailman Simulator 2056(If you hate the game 'cause it mobs you with enemies, try getting through the levels as fast as possible - don't worry about finding all the chests)"
,Recommended,248820,20246312,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Anh Alexander,"9/10 - A delightful (and kinda adicting) rogue-like that combines elements of multiple genres+ Many unlockables and items (Like ""The Binding of Issac"")+ A variety of different characters that all feel and play very differently+ Highly action-based with cool-down skills (Like many MOBAs)+ Also has a slight ""Maple Story"" combat feel, but minus the grinding- Has a few bugs like falling through the map of the first level, requiring a restartAll in all, I am very impressed by the two university students that made this game!  They definitely deserve the success that this game has been enjoying."
,Recommended,248820,27624405,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,qasar,epic
,Recommended,248820,28399693,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,9000hall,"This game is:10% luck,20% skill,15% concentrated power of will,5% pleasure,50% pain,100% reason to purchase the game."
,Recommended,248820,10984009,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,vokseli,A mix of 2D platformers and roguelikes charged with challenge and replay value due to its randomized adventures and vast enemy types. Each of the game's ten characters have a unique set of skills and they play completely differently so you won't get bored easily. As a bonus the soundtrack is pure awesome. A highly recommended game.
76561198025148070,Recommended,248820,9070956,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,EclipsedHusky,"Probably my game of the year. Can easily spend hours just playing and playing, and it even has more things to be added in the future!"
76561198247098144,Recommended,248820,26238121,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,pig5,just amazing epic and cool you should get
76561198013621061,Recommended,248820,11609866,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,aL1Ez,Good Game and need more random stages for repetitive game.
,Recommended,248820,8433064,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,cunt,"There are 2 sections of this game: Hard and Harder.When you first start off, you may be like ""Pshh, there is only like 5 enemies, how could this possibly be bad?"" but the moment 4 Collossi stomp on you at once and your character gets blasted upwards, do you realize how wrong you were. This game has 3 gamemodes, 12 characters (each wonderfully thought out), over 100 items, minimalistic but interesting story, and 10 artifacts to further change up the game. Needless to say, there is quite a large amount of replayability. This game also has a kind of gimmick, if you will. As time increases, so does your difficulty. This feature prevents farming as items are the most helpful thing in the game but only so many spawn on each level, forcing you to leave it sooner rather than later. You have to survive through about 4 or 5 (i forget) levels until you can go to the last one, which is your crashed ship from the opening ""cinematic"". Risk of Rain's art style is nothing to write home about, but it gets the job done and is actually kind of awesome at some points (only a very few select points.) There are also a large amount of items to be unlocked so even if you beat the game 100 times, you may not have unlocked everything, giving you bigger goals.tl;dr there is a lot of stuff to do in this game and difficulty increases as time does. Have Fun!"
,Recommended,248820,27003197,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jmanidol,"Awesome game, fun to paly with friends!"
76561198066051671,Recommended,248820,23480555,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,King Yolo Hashtag 420 Swag Rekt,"Dont buy it, there isnt a single rain cloud in the entire game.... lies 69/420"
,Recommended,248820,23455878,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Fyreee,This game is absolutely amazing. It's incredibly fun and challenging. The soundtrack is one of the best I have ever heard in a game and it just adds so much to the awesomeness!
76561198043573904,Recommended,248820,7880385,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,"Bright ""Chimera""","I'll keep this quick, much like the game. Risk of Rain is in my opinion an amazingly fun, fast paced side scrolling, shoot 'em up, beat them down, pixel art styled game with plenty of appealing game mechanics, rogue like aspects and lore to keep you having fun for a good while /on your own/. If you can manage to get some friends to play with /without/ lag issues out the♥♥♥♥♥ you're in for the ride of your life. This game will make you laugh, it will make you cry. You'll feel accomplished at times after barely scruffing it out with a boss, and other times you'll feel like you had no chance, overwhelmed, humbled and defeated.Risk of Rain will make you cry, either out of joy or pure dismay. Each play through is livened up by the randomly generated items, and you'll find some are great on their own to rely on while others need to synergize with certain other items. Overall, it is a great game, and it has 10 characters to choose from. Each character, might I add, has completely different play styles from the others in my opinion, and I honestly can't say one is /better/ than the other.Overall, I give it 9 and a half Screes out of 10, because holy hot hell and damn this game is amazing and I love the artwork, atmosphere and do not even get me STARTED on the music soundtrack. If they touched up a few issues I have with the game (glitches, lag issues, and muliplayer achievement bugs) then it'd easily be a 10/10."
,Recommended,248820,23008094,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Impact,"I die.I cry.But my my,it sure was a ride!"
,Recommended,248820,23140983,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Sgt. Scritchy-Scratch,Incredibly innovative and beautiful game.  I love indie games as they provide a difference from the FPS games made by larger companies or teams.  This game is good at what it is.  It has everything a platformer ever needed.  I've unlocked almost every single thing in the game and it's just as fun as it was a year or two ago.  It offers any indie gamers alike would need.  Whoever lacks this game in their library doesn't deserve to live :). Thanks for your time.
,Recommended,248820,22834450,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,keet,very nice graphics9/10
76561197970609682,Recommended,248820,12728705,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Zitty Mcgee,great game but sooo hard to get coop working
,Recommended,248820,33124904,Posted: 2 July,all,Polly Sage,I failed at this game like I failed everything in my life.... 10/10
76561198012914016,Not Recommended,248820,32950037,Posted: 28 June,all,Cpt._Baseballbat-Boy,"Of all the many, many roguelikes for sale, this one is strikingly mediocre. It commits the worst sin of all for this genre: it gets tedious fast. It may be pretty tough, but only in the sense of the enemies having way too much health for you to beat them in a satisfying fashion. The gameplay is monotonous, with every character playing the same, using your abilities in a never changing rhythm. Plus, you are forced to abuse your dodge mechanic to a silly degree. In this game, dodging is your bread, butter, knife and fork.The item pool is rather limited as well, and there are little to no synergies to find or tinker with.The maps are very large, and if you are unlucky, you will have to backtrack through them, in case you missed the teleporter by venturing in the wrong of two directions. This is not very helpful, or interesting, considering you are on a timer.All in all, there are so many more interesting, creative and fun roguelikes out there, that you should definitely not spend any amount of money on this one."
,Recommended,248820,13501293,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,tanker_man,Очень сложная игра с неудобным управлением и шикарнейшим саудтреком!
,Recommended,248820,7673657,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,SendMoreCops,Yikes. Where did this masterpiece come from ? Super rogue like like. Can get crazy hard but always fun.
,Recommended,248820,13025371,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Anna  the hotest hotpot,this game is one game you nead to see
76561198024238458,Recommended,248820,22697058,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Bickdutt,Worth it.
,Recommended,248820,29756221,Posted: 6 February,all,Pow Pow,Dope game :D
,Recommended,248820,10100064,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,˗ˏˋ wizzy ˎˊ˗,"ok.cool beans.honestly, p boring solo. that's just me, though."
,Recommended,248820,24093471,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Waloogy,Imagine if Undertale met Skyrim.It's nothing like that.
76561197996051698,Recommended,248820,16503914,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Biggus Dickus,"Risk Of Rain is without a doubt one of my favorite rogue likes. It really has the feel of an old shcool Super Nintendo or Genesis game and is brutally difficult to boot. This game will make you tear your hair out sometimes, its unforgiving and hard to be good at let alone master. Every character plays differently, very differently and its always interesting trying a new one. They all have fun skills and abilities and all of them seem viable with enough practice. When you finally get into the grove with a certain class you'll really feel like badass as you fight for minutes on end with the same 3x or 4x over leveled enemies in massive swarms. The aesthetic is really fun to watch in motion and is really quite pretty in action. Seeing your enemies keel over after being riddled with bullets and fall into a pile of bits and blood is always satsifying. Adding to that satisfaction is the sound of the weapons, explosions and monsters in this game, great sound design.When I bought Risk of Rain I kind of expected a game more in line with mobile games and cheap games that you might put a few hours in once in a while. It took those expectations and ripped them a new ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, just like the game did to me on my first playthrough. The combat is so engaging, and the rogue-like elements are so solid in this game that I personally have almost no complaints in regards to gameplay or visuals. And again, the sound in this game, the music is fantastic and if you're the kind of person who likes video game soundtracks then you'll probably like it too. Every track is a winner and pairs so well with the environment its being played on. The visual style, levels and back drops in this game blend so well with the music and with engaging combat it can be mesmerizing. Everything adds to the other worldly feel of this game and that feeling of imminent death. Something about this game, inspite of its difficulty, keeps me coming back for more time and time again like a masochist. For a little game that costs $10 its worth every penny and I hope these devs go on to more projects. This is one of the best rogue-likes out there for my money and I keeping coming back for long sessions over and over.If you like challenging games and if you like rogue-likes then take a risk and grab this game.Risk of Rain is everything that reminds me why video games are just awesome sometimes, with or without state of the art graphics and effects.9/10"
,Recommended,248820,8624609,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,One True Squid,"PROBS THE BEST ROGUE LIKE SINCE DARK SOULS, BUT ALSO IS NOTHING LIKE DARK SOULS SO DON'T WORRY IF YOU DIDN'T LIKE THAT GAME."
,Recommended,248820,28277373,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Captain Over,"♥♥♥♥ roguelikes. And this one in particular. ♥♥♥♥ them! srsly, they're the worst.and ♥♥♥♥ this game, cause it ♥♥♥♥s you back!But after ~10 hours (or less if youre skilled) of dying, it will actually become a very fun game!5/7 ...best game ever* - would die a 1000 times again*=no it's not...it's 5/7.what kind of scale is this even, which goes to 7? WTF!!!1111"
76561198113726033,Recommended,248820,31955598,Posted: 25 May,all,Amlyner,"Risk of Rain does not hold your hand. You pick a character and difficulty then go! I love it for the simplicity. Each run is different in terms of drops and which maps you'll run into. It seems like such a simple game, but I have easily sunk over a hundred hours into this game (I play on PSvita a lot because I can take it anywhere). Risk of Rain is great for local co-op too. My friends hate dying, but the game is so fun that you can't stay away from it."
,Recommended,248820,15190579,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Killmanwar ®✌,Very good game
,Recommended,248820,30383421,Posted: 7 March,all,okarowarrior,Amazing concept. Amazing replay value. Amazing difficulty as playing local co-op. Amazing OST. Amazing pixel art. Amazing content.  Amazing gameplay.  Amazing game.Still waiting for risk of rain 2 god damnit.
,Recommended,248820,15233508,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,NOTCrimsonPython,"The controls were hard for me to grasp (I play more of FPS games) but when I got them it was really fun. I must say the difficulty is hard (for me) at even very easy, but don't let that stop you if you like hard games. All in all, even though it has it's flaws, Risk of Rain is still a must-have."
,Recommended,248820,20317208,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,jedau,Very addictive. The steady increase in the level of difficulty forces you to adjust your strategy midway. Have yet to beat the game.
76561198058817861,Not Recommended,248820,20471872,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Garamoth,"The screen is 90% wasted space, with the remaining 10% filled with some of the ugliest pixel art out there, almost Atari-level. There isn't much in a run that you can choose that can change your randomly-generated fate. Finding your way through the levels is a chore. Too many damned enemies that take too long to kill. Those things make the central concept that difficulty increases as time elapses irritating instead of exciting. It's just all so unsatisfying."
76561198115687021,Recommended,248820,20483002,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Jack'O'Shadows,"Currently on record I only have around nine hours logged in this game.   Offline probably more like twenty.  Is Risk of Rain worth it you ask?   Well let me tell you about the two and a half hour run I just played:  After finally beating the third level with the second unlockable character I took the third unlockable character and started my first run with him.  An hour later of employing some interesting keyboard skills, ""Although keep in mind that while the difficulty progresses until it reaches a level aptly named ""HAHAHAHAHA"", this was on the base level of what I assume is the equivalent of normal in other games"", I had transcended my characters mortality with a plethora of items and achieved a level of some Immortal, death dealing, otherworldly being of pure power.  Bosses fell before me like flies, twenty to thirty enemies were slain at a time, and I went through what seemed like endless levels of pure carnage.   Then, I reached the final level.   By this time I had unlocked three more characters, countless items, slain 2386 enemies, 147 bosses, and achieved level twenty one.   I powered my way though, until I reached the big one, the final boss, who despite my godlike status still provided a challenge that required my full focus.   After the dust settled only one of us remained standing.I can't wait to play again.What are you waiting for?"
,Recommended,248820,15015945,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Jayem,"This games name is pleasing to me as it accurately depicts it's true colors. The rain, all along, was referring to my excessive lactating of breast milk, attained from my Medela Swing Breastpump (Yellow) that this game makes me do. Thank you EA for making this amazing Early Access Game."
,Recommended,248820,29798365,Posted: 9 February,all,Anihillator,No idea how I did not like this game after my first try a year or so ago. But I love it now.
76561198121735483,Recommended,248820,31450818,Posted: 29 April,all,Slips,"Over 100 hours of gameplay, alone and with friends, and this game still finds ways to surprise and impress me.All of the characters are fun, unique, balanced, and difficult to unlock excepting the Commando, who you start with.Great pace, and the timer makes you choose between farming, or finishing the level and moving on. Both are viable options in every game.My biggest complaint? THEY DROPPED THE MULTIPLAYERI mean, yes. It's pretty easy to set up a LAN with your friends, especially with Hamachi, but the multiplayer used to be so quick, and had a great community surrounding it. The multiplayer was co-op and you had the choice between forced item sharing, or first come first serve.I had lots of great times, and the multiplayer is what drew me into this game. While I can still have plenty of fun with it solo, especially on harder difficulties, I'll be disappointed every single time I open the game and try to join a multiplayer game."
76561198112194753,Recommended,248820,17624203,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,wobblemac,It's playable!!!!!!! I'm hyped for the weekend!!!!!!!
,Recommended,248820,9387235,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Danoid,"I dont know what it is about this game that is so addicting but i cant stop! Its great! You will die. A lot. But you will always come back for more. I feel like i unlock something new everytime i play. The co-op play is a blast but its also my only complaint. unless youre somewhat savvy in port forwarding (which you can find instructions for through google) then i would recommend using a program called Hamachi. It hasnt been super stable for me but it does work once you get everything all set up. Honestly, if you want a good multiplayer experience, just bring back the good old LAN party days. Pizza, coke, chips, and your computers. Then grind away my friends!!!"
,Recommended,248820,30547884,Posted: 16 March,all,Geofferic,BEEEEST
,Recommended,248820,10018950,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,dada11dada22,Excellent Game!! 4/5 for sidescrolling randomness fun :D
,Recommended,248820,10487730,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Eskinor,"The Good-great challenging gameplay with the use of abilities and player skill like maneuvering and dodging attacks as well as strategising time versus loot risk.-Items and artifacts allow for unique playthroughs/challenge runs and set ups.-Superb soundtrackThe Bad-You will die.  A lot.-randomly generated is more like a few variations of one of two levels per stage up until stage 4 then stage 5 and 6 are the same. The only things that are completely tandom are the loot, chest and teleporter locations.-Reliant on items to the point where when you reach the end level you will probably crush everything without challenge if you get the right items.The Ugly-Gamemaker-2 man dev team, don't expect any updates any time soon-Dem PC controls (Use a gamepad, it's much better)"
76561198188861328,Not Recommended,248820,26240757,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Vic,"It's okay but has a considerably low amount of content especially considering its price. Also considering it has no DLCs or anything of the sort it should be free. The game play gets mediocre after a short period of time but playing co op is kinda fun with friends, but then again what game isn't kinda fun with friends as opposed to playing solo. Bottom line, I would not recommend purchasing this game unless it went on sale. But if you do manage to get your hands on it for about half the price or lower I'd say try it."
,Recommended,248820,8625472,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,pagedMov lft,Terraria + The Binding of Isaac = This masterpiece
,Recommended,248820,10203987,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,memerman624,Saints row the fourth brings back the great qualities of tetris and league of legends
,Recommended,248820,24005952,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,( • ~ •)',
76561197987344156,Recommended,248820,28932277,Posted: 2 January,all,s4n,Great solid game. Huge replayability value.
,Recommended,248820,15523596,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,ellar k,"Didn't have to play alot to fall inlove with itThe soundtrack is amazing, up there on my 5 best list alreadyThe gameplay is challenging but very fun, prepare to dieIt's a rogue-like, I (rogue-)like those games, so...9/10Because of the chance of falling water being nonexistant too"
,Not Recommended,248820,15166595,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Archestra,"(Spoiler)- Third time fighting (i.e. finishing the game) against Providence, the game is stuck at the end of second phase. I can't finish the game or leave the room. -I played 15-ish hours, and I found a major, frustrating bug, what's up?! Stop making ""indie""-labeled games, start making ""finished"", proper games. Fix it for the next purchasers ; as for me, I expect a game launched on 2013 to be ""bug-free"" and fixed in 2015. Hey boys, if YOU don't, and you like to support a buggy game with lazy developers, then throw your money at your screen and enjoy (until you cope with a bug like I did)."
,Recommended,248820,15203266,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Dippy,"Bought the game, started my first run, fell through the map.10/10 would recommend."
76561198047247007,Recommended,248820,12420909,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Omelette,Oh it's bloody brilliant. It starts off with slow moving rainbow epilepsy-inducing-coloured-pixels to fast moving rainbow type pixles all over the scene. Great classes to play as and  too much to do. Gr8 m8 i r8 8/8 can't deb8.
76561198102380035,Not Recommended,248820,13904096,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Debubba,"As much as i like this game, there is an issue with the online coop that just ruins it for me. At the time of this review, online coop is unplayable to the majority of people, this is reportedly due to a mistake on the developers part. If you try to connect to most hosts, you will be greeted by a black screen with a small x'd box that asks if you want to force item sharing... and thats it! You will never even make it to character selection.Normaly, I would understand if a game had an issue like this that persisted for a short time.. But from discusions i've read, this issue is months old and nothing has been done to fix it..Until this major issue is fixed, I cannot recommend this otherwise, solid, enjoyable, and satisfyingly difficult game."
,Recommended,248820,13254969,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Djnemonic,I highly recommend this game its retro/rpg shooter with 4 player co-op who can ask for more :p
,Recommended,248820,9808323,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Papa_Barstow,You: my fingers and mind are readyGame: show me
,Recommended,248820,15548762,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Bat,yes ok
,Recommended,248820,13629825,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,SUNSHINE,This game is the bees knees.
,Recommended,248820,22632152,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,good tiger,only rain is your ♥♥♥♥ing blood spitting everywhere
,Recommended,248820,23015515,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,haggisfarm,"After many hours, it's safe to say this is a very good game."
76561198204401021,Recommended,248820,23012091,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Divine Bets.gg csgoatse.com,Fun!
,Recommended,248820,21066611,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Oddbrother,"When it comes to surviving the hostile alien planet, time is against you. The name of the game in Risk of Rain is to speed your way through power and escape the dangers before they overwhelm you. Kill to adapt and grow stronger against the alien hordes before they outgrow and kill you, and hurry your way back to your drop-ship.The lore behind the game is pretty impressive and depressing at the same time. Your concern and hope for mercy is cast aside, knowing you were guilty of stealing everything from an uncharted planet. The one who caught wind of this decided to put your in your place. It's merely a moral summary of greed, consequences and evolution.There are various classes to unlock with each and every play-through, and every area is chosen in a random matter to hinder your progress. Eventually, though, when you find all the secrets within each and every area, you can gain an even bigger advantage or challenge yourself even further within every starting play-through. So the replay value can grow over time as long as long as you're curious and adventurous enough to explore every nook and cranny.Graphics are deliberately primitive, but performance is good enough even for a 2009-based computer. The old, rusty look of the wastelands and the survivors that dwell in it, with various creatures that glow, surprise and potentially shock the players with mini-bosses and special item drops. It would suck to walk these dull and hazardous worlds. But the struggle lies in the hands of the player. Your knowledge of each and every area in the game can also be advantageous depending on your monitor size and display resolution.Unfortunately, because of permanent deaths within every play-through, your time to think before you act may end up getting you killed before you make it to the end in one go. Once you've died enough times before learning everything and then finally beating the game, it can be satisfying. But only if you're patient and persistent enough to adapt."
,Recommended,248820,12424946,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Mojiro,the game lags out because i get too good at it
,Not Recommended,248820,15206887,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,clckwrkrng,"I really was about to recommend this game, give it 10 out of 10 and say this is one of the best experiences I've had. I was. Until I got my first crash.Risk of Rain is a great game, challenging and absorbing, yet I can't recommend it because of numerous multiplayer bugs which make it unplayable in co-op. Not sure about other characters, but when playing as Sniper, game crashes after several levels without any possibility to save your progress. We've just wasted couple of hours trying to finish the game and each time I got another fatal error and crash.What really surprises me is that all the reviews where people are complaining about crashes and terrible netcode get ""thumbs down"" from game's funboys, so unfortunately I haven't paid enough attention to them. Now I realize that I'd better saved my money and nerves.Hope that one day the devs will fix it so we can enjoy the game."
,Recommended,248820,8734735,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Count Cuckula,"this game is fuggin haaaaaaard but god damn i love the soundtrack and the scifi setting is wicked as ♥♥♥♥, very very good roguelike"
,Recommended,248820,12496548,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,High Power,"It's a turn-based strategy game. And, yes, Risk Of Rain can look seriously boring to the casual bystander, but for the person at the helm of the game every turn can lead to a weighty decision, giving the player a certain feeling of power that few, if any, games match.Almost half-way through this review, and I’ve yet to mention gameplay. Maybe that’s a tacit criticism in itself. It’s not that Risk Of Rain's gameplay is substandard – far from it – but it’s always firmly in the service of its overarching narrative. Consequently, the game is heavily punctuated by cut scenes – some brief, some quite long. Cut scenes become engrossing, and it’s joy to see them bleed seamlessly into the furious action.Can't wait for Risk Of Rain 2: Over The Hill. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,248820,19137712,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Wicky Le Sinner,"Now, let me start by saying this game can be enjoyed, and if you like rogue-like games like Binding of Isaac or Spelunky, you'll more then likely enjoy this game... However it does has it's faults.The biggest issue I have with it is the way it handles difficulty. Now while I feel like the time based system in place,  where the longer you play, the harder it gets, is good on paper, in play it just proves to be more annoying. The game discourages level exploration considering these levels are huge, but have nothing in them, save for the teleporter and the chests/shops/alters, but the way the levels are generated make it so you HAVE to explore a level, and sometimes do it twice if you want any items. Some levels in this game practically force you to go a certain way each time you play through them, espicially in the Water Level, where you have to almost always go from right to left, get up to the surface, and find the teleporter.The Levels in this game really start feeling same-y, and soon, boring, and saddly, the combat follows this. This game likes to swarm you with enemies, which you may have seen in the trailers. However, the trailer is misleading in the fact that you are very unlikely to get this many items unless you basically go back to the first level of the run, and do everything all over again, keeping your past items and difficulty. This means you'll often be running away, turning to chip away at one monster's HP, occasionally all with the few skills that have pierce or AOE, rince, and repeat. This gets old very quickly and if that wasn't bad enough, considering how slowly you kill enemies, espicially without drones which again are random spawns, it causes things to become more and more difficult for you. The enemies health also grows with difficulty, as well as the spawn rate, making the problem become worse and worse with time.Now that wouldn't be so bad... if it wasn't for two things. The fact that to progress from level to level, you have to kill every single enemy, and this game revolves around kiting enemies.  The former brings out the issue of the player not being at fault for the game forcing you to waste time. Usually by the time the teleporter is ready, the player is ready to leave, maybe still has to kill the boss, but there's nothing left that they care for. However, with this game design choice, it goes against the games nature of Risk Vs Reward. At that point, you either need to accept the wasted time, and then money because going from level to level turns your money into a very miniscule amount of EXP, which is terrible in comparison to the Items that give your run a winning chance.Now, for kiting enemies... this just leads into HORRIBLE character design. Each character has it's own unique set of abilities, but over half of them aren't designed well enough for the game's play style. Take the Sniper for example. His specialty is taking out bosses, which, yes, he can do exceptionally well. What he can't do however is handle the horde of enemies on his tail thanks to the fact he only has one half decent escaping move, the Backflip, which is the opposite of the Commando's Combat roll, where you dive in the opposite direction you're facing. Characters like these make me wonder how pollished this game was. It really gives the illusion of choice, because only about 3 or 4 characters are actually worth using if you want to get anywhere.In the end, this game really fell short of expectations, and doesn't do a good job of making me feel like a death was my fault, unless I just up and kill myself out of sheer boredom or overly difficult enemies. This game is best enjoyed when you have people to play it with, and saddly the game still falls short in that department, given the fact that you can't host games without a seperate program like Hamachi or Evolve."
,Recommended,248820,7727296,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,zingrook,"If I was a video game, I would be Risk of Rain."
,Recommended,248820,14062506,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,BOY I LOVE TO DC,"This game is called Risk of Rain, and contains absolutely no rain whatsoever, i was expecting top level rain graphics and this game did not deliver. Thoroughly dissapointed with this game. Do not pick it up if you like jelly in your ♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198094966080,Recommended,248820,12543770,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Lord Zedd,When you characters finally get out of the dungeon from Dungon of the Endless.
76561198101239977,Not Recommended,248820,14702585,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Havelock Vetinari,"So, there was a time when I would have recommended this game. I really would have. It's got solid core mechanics, truly enjoyable gameplay and is genuinely difficult, which can't be said about many indie titles of the day. HOWEVER, I might have said this before. I quite literally can not play it anymore. Not because of balance issues or because of any gameplay related issues but because it is bugged to hell. Some people I know have no problems at all, but there are a large number of people (including myself) who, after the most recent update, cannot actually play the game at all. I started it today thinking it had been fixed, but no matter what happens my chracter immideately clips through the floor and falls forever. If that doesn't happen, I lose the ability to jump. This is NOT a difficult issue to fix, this is a 2d game whose characters are usually only a few pixels in size. It is incredibly frustrating that in a game that relies solely on it's well crafted gameplay and its somewhat minimalistic graphics that there are now so many glaring flaws in it. The game is literally unplayable at all for myself and a number of other people and that is a huge problem."
,Not Recommended,248820,15660808,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Toxicwire,I really couldn't get pulled into the game and felt like it was constantly lacking something. Maybe it's because I don't care much to run from the monsters but rather to fight them and in this game you'll do plenty of running.
,Not Recommended,248820,23391247,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Goombles,An overall good game but game doesnt support online co-op very well.
,Recommended,248820,17012554,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,性感海德在线吃鸡,10 out of 10.
,Not Recommended,248820,15992181,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,AWd _ (offline for a long time),"I should have done this review a long time ago, haven't played this for ages, i had to explain to a friend why this game is bad, then i remembered i hadn't a review, here is the copypaste:I have beaten 100% of it, it is actually horrible, i will put in bullet points for easier reading:-Every class besides commando and bandit are horrible, the metagame is run fast and shoot while jumping.-Without glass artifact every enemy is a meatshield.-There are only 1 secret and 3 easter eggs, easter eggs are just useless references.-The game is actually filled with bugs and exploits.-Made in gamemaker, the hitboxes glitch sometimes and decrease fps. (yes i tested a lot of mechanics, the game is really easy to break)-Sometimes the level is just not solid and you fall through it, or it has a giant invisible wall simply blocking half of the map, if you get this glitch your run is just over.-The music is interesting the first time you listen. Every time you get to the portal it play 1 of 3~ musics, after one loop you are already sick of it.-When you use command artifact, pressing E and choosing an item locks your movement, so you are a sitting duck if there are multiple items, most noticeable when using shrines.-Oh and i almost forgot the most infuriating of all: ENEMIES SPAWN UNDER YOUR FEET AND IF IT IS A STRONG ENEMY YOU GET INSTAKILLED FROM HIS ATTACK.(glass artifact on, stop walking for ONE second, enemy spawn and attack, dead. Really great game design there /sarcasm. One simple distance limit for enemy spawning would fix this, nope forget the basics again.)Multiplayer:-NETCODE is unstable, the more entities are on host's pc the bigger the chance of losing packets of data, making ghost enemies on clients games.-Ghost enemies prevent the client from activating the portal, so if the last surviving player gets a ghost enemy, then the run for the entire party is over.-There is no way to connect to a game after it starts, so if you disconnect for some reason then bye bye all progress lost.-If a player disconnects by a timeout, then a ghost player keeps connected to the server always dying and sucking xp and money every stage.-Ready button on lobby is inconsistent and sometimes unready players for no reason, more players connected the bigger the chance of glitching.-You don't need hamachi, you just need to port fowarding. and that is a negative for some people who can't and have to rely on Hamachi or other VPN.-No master server list nor steam integration, you have to manually write your friend's ip. You can't even paste your clipboard into the game.-It gets a 75% discount every godamm steam sale, and even 4packs on humble bundle for lower average.EDIT: Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ i just checked the reviews, 95% of 13.000 are positive jokes, the humble bundle really did increased the playerbase, by a lot, and still nobody noticed any problems?"
,Recommended,248820,26042556,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Dog,my nama chef
,Recommended,248820,9967322,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Traeger,"A very fun, simple game. It's addicting to see if you can get further than you did in your last run.Worth buying."
,Not Recommended,248820,14109129,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Solid Snape,impossible to set up a online game
,Not Recommended,248820,13116965,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,SeungDongs,The MP doesn't work and the game cant seem to go 10 minutes without crashing.
76561198079318421,Recommended,248820,12517817,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,revolutionsperminute,WHEN♥♥♥♥♥♥GETS CRAZY I WATER MY GRANDMA'S DAISIES.AND I PLAY THIS GAME.10/10 I WISH I WAS FUNNY THIS GAME IS HARD AS ♥♥♥♥.
76561198080518399,Recommended,248820,8429996,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Mr.Unhappy,"Totally crazy this , lucky i bought this game ! You guys must buy this game !"
,Recommended,248820,7908907,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,crowbar,"8/10Im only like 3 hours in the game and I can already say that this game is awesome. It is easily one of the best rogue-likes at the moment, it does everything right. The Combat is fun as hell. The reason for that is the sounddesign. When you have some items and lets say 2 drones and shoot shoot 10 different types of enemies, everything has their own sound and it just sounds so damn good. And when the enemies die and drop some coins and stuff it just feels really satisfying.There are a lot of items and the cool thing is you can pick up one item several times to increase its effects, also there are active items which give you another ability.Every character has 4 abilitys which makes them unique and also drastically changes the way you have to play. Now I only have 2 characters, but there are like 10 more. With more characters I think you will have a lot of variation.The enemy design is extremely well made and there are a lot of different types of enemies. The bosses feel like how a boss should feel and when you defeat them you really feel like you achieved something.And then there is also local and online Coop, didnt tried it yet, but every game gets better with coop, and singleplayer is already fun as hell.In short, if you are a fan of Rogue-Likes or 2D Platformers, BUY THIS GAME!"
76561198112366125,Not Recommended,248820,34821850,Posted: 8 September,all,balaz99350,Was good until it deleted my save file and then stopped me frrom ever saving again.
,Recommended,248820,9931306,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Korpsus,"I've had more fun with single player than I did with the multiplayer. I was always having to ""compete"" for items and would really deter our progress as a ""team"" and eventually I would hope for *their* demise so that I had a chance to grab items. If there is any sort of lag on multiplayer, it becomes near impossible to not die (for the one lagging behind).I recommend it because I have had a blast with this game and the character unlocks give it a nice replay value. It starts off almost as a casual action platformer game, but then it gets difficult significantly quickly that will have you biting your lip.Other pluses:+soundtrack+cool pixel art+awesome animations+emotes the game gives from crafting cards are cool+nice challengeOther negs:-sometimes unfair gameplay (but also part of the experience)-minor gameplay issues-controls (but you get used to them)-multiplayer experience is not as fun as going soloDefinitely grab this while on a sale."
,Not Recommended,248820,25497669,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,FUXOFT,"Nice little shooter with ridiculous number of upgrades and gigantic pixelated explosions. Unfortunately, the game (at least the Linux version) is marred by bug that makes longer gaming sessions impossible. Simply put, when you get good enough not to get killed in the first few minutes, you'll discover that the game ALWAYS crashes when the action gets hectic after 20-30 minutes of playtime. ALWAYS. This has been confirmed by several Linux users, the developers were made aware of this but there is no reaction at all from them and the bug is not fixed after several months, not even in the beta version."
,Recommended,248820,12635609,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Keno,Best rogue-like i ever play
76561198114950213,Recommended,248820,13123541,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,SlavMaster,"While playing my mom say ""Hey Kid!Go to your bed"" i turn back and said 'Not now mom is my time to kick some butt in this game!!"" my mom doesn't say notthin and walk away and i sit there for about 40 mins and i have unlocked 3 characters do yo believe dat!?Da best game ever 11/10"
,Recommended,248820,31564626,Posted: 5 May,all,Matzetthias,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.
,Recommended,248820,7865859,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,!!MIKE    ! ! !    STINK!!,A GOOD GAME.
76561198040787623,Recommended,248820,10899439,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Tables,there's not even rain in this game
,Not Recommended,248820,21510386,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Cyclo,"It's done. For good.Everyone's saying the same thing, me included.""Risk of rain still in alpha."" ""Game's borked."" ""This used to be good.""If you still own it, then sure, try it out again. If you don't, don't touch it.Leave it to rot."
,Recommended,248820,11556011,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,IrisLover,Great platform game. Love it. so fun
,Recommended,248820,8614158,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,素晴らしいポッサム,"If you can survive long enough, you may even get lucky and end up with insane amounts of health (9999 is the ""max""), several missles launching with each attack you do, exploding attacks, and many, many more fun things. However, getting to that point is very tough, I can usually get to that point 1 in 7 or 8 tries, depending on my luck."
,Not Recommended,248820,20780916,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,TheCrimsonFucker,"Game is fun except for all the gaddam rage inducing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥bugs which make it unplayable. Just got to final boss room on monsoon difficulty to have it so I could not infact open chests or activate buttons, making it so I could not even challenge the boss so after an 80 minute game I was forced to suicide, which is goddam stupid. DO NOT WASTE MONEY ON THIS GARBAGE GAME"
,Recommended,248820,30091293,Posted: 21 February,all,EludeDeath,Friend gave gud gaem
76561198095593731,Recommended,248820,16774302,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Turbo Toad,Pros+Great Soundtrack+Amazing replay value+Fun combat+Tight controls+Unlockables act as goalsCons-One bug I encountered makes achievments not trigger
76561198045957787,Recommended,248820,14943406,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Rawrtin,hell yeah
,Recommended,248820,18100415,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,STANtichrist,"The game is absoluty brilliant, it does not get boring at all. A true indie-gem out there. After a hunderd hours I just have to say this!Easy to get into, easy to master and something that you'll just keep playing on your down-time."
,Recommended,248820,9944989,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,frogggish,is gud
76561198077245539,Not Recommended,248820,20871298,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,weasel75,"IIRC, the game was fun.... back then, when it ran on my (other) computer.On my new computer I have IU-issues with the mouse. This bug is not new, it is known and documented. Yet, nobody cares. A quick glance into the discussions reveals a huge amount of bug-reports and a serious lack of interest from the developer's side.Actually, I paid money to end up with a game where I can not get pass the menu-screen.Very frustrating.I can neither recommend this game nor the developers."
,Recommended,248820,12676980,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,gatr,"You can 420 blaze it.I'm not even kidding.BOOSTED SEAR: COOK CUSTOMERS FOR 420% DAMAGE UNTIL INCINERATED, KNOCKING THEM AWAY.There you go. I literally just copied the ability description.this♥♥♥♥♥♥aside, the gameplay and lore is good"
76561198025293846,Recommended,248820,12713790,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,loppantorkel,"Fun and great for coop, albeit a bit buggy game. It may have been improved lately. Not sure if it holds up that well in the long run, but it's very much worth buying if you've got someone to play with."
,Recommended,248820,12706963,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Luchador138,"Old school, hard and unforgiving I've cussed out loud more times than I prefer to say, playing this game. But I still love it, it has co-op so that makes it a little more easier. If you like Binding of Issac, Spelunky and other un forgiving games you will love this."
,Recommended,248820,25081002,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Horcrux,✓
76561198032583530,Recommended,248820,24924906,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,SleepyDrifter,"Ive never raged so hard and been so happy to do it again, since my ex.10/10 woulddateplay again."
76561198071548134,Recommended,248820,11800498,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,The True Correct Guy,Weather forecast simulator.
76561198054847747,Recommended,248820,7743414,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Mr.Fusion_,"Are you the kinda person who likes being killed over and over and over again? Well I’m a little worried, and this is the game for you! Yes you get killed, a lot, but that is all part of the charm of this game. You'll end up dyeing a lot, but every time you do you get the feeling that you have gotten just that little bit further than the last time. Maybe you will have completed an achievement that unlocks a new item that you can then find in the game allowing you to kill more of dem' gods damn MONSTERS! It's fun and challenging but not hugely annoying which can be a hard thing to accomplish. It may not be for everyone but it might just be for you."
,Recommended,248820,7754618,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Bennicus,It's proper good!
,Recommended,248820,19271193,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,jables,[Awful] --------------------------------O [Fantastic]
76561198006013734,Recommended,248820,10204093,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Mr Spungle,Good game.
,Recommended,248820,7704895,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,Tegiminis,This Is Good Stuff And You Should Buy It
,Recommended,248820,13899733,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Chug Smugley,rekt
,Recommended,248820,20716844,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,ZA WARUDO,This make me got cancer. 11/10
76561198068677915,Recommended,248820,10334142,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,N'wah,"For a game of this ""size"" Risk of Rain really immerses you in the hostile planet of unending sensation of hurry and evolving arsenal of splashy violence. Or something like that. Best served in company."
,Not Recommended,248820,21582534,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,*Yuki*,"Abandonware. Dont buy.Game contain lot of bugs, some of them are gamebreaking. And devs have no plans to fix them, coz ""this game were made by 19 years old"".Proof.Dont buy this game, ever if it looks cool - dont support such ♥♥♥♥♥♥ practice."
,Recommended,248820,28577199,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Fortunate Son,very goodvery good indeed.
76561198057438561,Not Recommended,248820,35155004,Posted: 23 September,all,GlitchRedux,"Recently tried replaying this game in hopes that I may actually like the game. Unfortunately it made my thoughts on the game even more justified. The difficulty in single player is almost absurb, with a large skill gap between easy mode and the next difficulty (seriously, I got about 4 levels of no enemies spawning, even sometimes during the teleporter waiting phases on easy, and then was completely overwhelmed within minutes on the next difficulty). The game is a bit better with friends as long as its stable, but that only lasts until you learn that there is a chance your save file may become corrupt, meaning your unable to save and stuck in a new game state. I've tried the many suggestions given to me through looking up help on this bug, but unfortunately nothing had worked.I know my experiences aren't the same compared to others, but while i was almost starting to enjoy the game, the corrupt save bug completely ruined any chance that I and any others who encountered this same problem would ever end up liking this game. Its been a very rocky and buggy adventure, but atlas I think I may just call it quits with this game."
76561198053167193,Recommended,248820,13118073,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,HoboMcHerbington,Very difficult and very fun! 10/10
,Recommended,248820,27990500,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,VΣXZ,"3 hours and i've already beat the game, can you make an insane++ difficulty so I can maybe use two hands to play?but for real, ♥♥♥♥ing amazing - Do buy"
,Recommended,248820,7914664,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and welcome to my review about this game!This is a Rogue-like side-scrolling Action game.Inferface/Settings/Menu.There is Local Co-op and online Co-op. (However i am not sure if the online function still works).Online Co-op Does require IP and Port forwarding.There is an Item/Monster log. (Just a reminder what each item does and monster information).You can play this game with a xbox controller.You can change controls on the keyboard and Controller.You can change the resolution Size.You can play this fullscreen or Window mode.You can change the Volume to sound and Music. It goes as in %, So 10%, 20% 30%There is a Score and Unlockables Menu. There are also Challenges at the Unlockables Tab.About the game.This is a rogue-like game and each run will be different everytime you will be playing. There is a variety in characters and some characters can be unlocked by fulfilling the requirements. Each character has their own playstyle and equipment. Own Advantage and disadvantage, Own stats and Combo's. You will notice their is a time limit on the right side. This is the ""Difficulty meter"" and as the name says it. The difficulty will be increased and the game will be harder the longer you are in a run.There is no storyline.The Graphics are okay.The Music is decent and changes per level.Has Many unlockable Characters.Each character plays differently.There is an ingame time difficulty, Level Difficulty and artifact Difficulty.There is a level up system and (Monster) item drops available.Has Some Collectables.Experience and gold will automatically be collected, no need to gather them.There are chests/crates/shops and statues available.Falling off the world will teleport you back up and you will take some damage. (Enemies dies)There is Fall Damage.There are some Hidden/Secrets in the game.You will have to start at the beginning if you are going to leave a run.Other things.It's not always good to stay too long on one level. The game difficulty becomes higher and higher the longer your run. However Farming isn't always a bad thing.With Commando: If you think you are going to take Fall damage, Try to use the Roll Ability on time to avoid taking the Fall damage. (You can't take damage if you are Rolling. From no source).Also GET THE DYNAMITE ACTIVE ON THIS DUDE. IT'S SOO POWERFUL. You kill bosses in no-time.  A well-timed Roll from the commando is able to dodge the damage from falling off the world.Do not underestimate the drones that you might find. They do some serious damage. Especially when stacked up. (especially against bosses when you are more active with running the doing damage). You won't lose the drones if you have completed a level, just do be careful that you need to repair them with cash if they are destroyed.Enemies will not spawn in ""hidden/secret/fake"" walls.Holding the Space bar button on ""elevator jumps"" will let you fly higher.Magma Worm boss never seem to hurt the player if it is climbing on a rope or a Ladder.Let's try Video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gCjPi3i21N4I will give this game a 7/10"
,Recommended,248820,7787652,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Frightening Forik,"I was waiting for Starbound, the other day, when on the Chucklefish website this game was announced. Thinking it was some sort of weatherman simulator, I instantly purchased it, and have not regretted a penny spent on it since. I'll get the negative out of the way first, the game has no trains, and it is no weatherman simulator. I was also very disappointed to see that there was no actual rain despite the fact that the game's name indicates there being some possibility of it. However, on to the positive. I irked several of my friends to get this game and play it with me, but the select few that didn't remove me off their friend's list for telling them to buy this game every ten minutes were thoroughly pleased with it. And we had thirty-something hours of fun the first day the game was out. The game is very reminiscent of The Binding of Isaac, but of course, it's an action platformer shooty game instead of a top-down shoot 'em up styled game. That's not to say that there's no shoot 'em up elements in Risk of Rain. Whenever you're not shooting things, you're avoiding them. The game is tons of fun with friends, and I would definitely recommend it to anybody who likes a good and light experience where you shoot stuff and get items to shoot more stuff with."
,Not Recommended,248820,35162317,Posted: 23 September,all,Coolest Buio on the Block,"The gameplay and music are both fine and good, but the lack of sufficient enough content for replayability, coupled with the fact that playing online requires port forwarding (meaning playing with friends is a finicky and tedious job) will make you burn out on it a week or so into playing the game."
76561198040182217,Recommended,248820,19076945,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Rekkn_,Great Rogue-lite game.No Cloud saving thou.
,Recommended,248820,28747362,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Novtrox,"Go and get it, i have no words to describe this masterpiece."
,Recommended,248820,9950188,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Lolokmeister,"Bought it last night, downloaded it last night, installed it today, finished the final 3 bosses today. It's just too cool, will continue to unlock until all the stuffs have been unlocked. I give this game a 10/10."
,Recommended,248820,34804808,Posted: 7 September,all,RagnaBloodCain,That was totally your fault.
,Recommended,248820,22962422,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Chowderchu,"There is no risk of not enjoying this game, unless you are a sewage monster."
76561198145414848,Recommended,248820,30262373,Posted: 1 March,all,Siisti Sammeli,its genocide in a stylish 2D angle with interesting variables like character and equipment
,Recommended,248820,15789526,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Fugs,10 hours played and stilled havent made it past the third level. great game.
76561198061114868,Recommended,248820,10651899,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Doyrule,10/10
76561198072428995,Recommended,248820,10595517,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,dn apisumop,Because real life wasn't hard enough.
76561198064157102,Recommended,248820,9780715,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Pixel Doom,you will die... a lot
,Recommended,248820,9078766,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,John_,Extrodinary.
,Recommended,248820,7798925,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Perturbed Pug,"Very fun and challenging platformer with some rogue-like elements. I love the sci-fi theme since most other games like this are set in fantasy worlds. The graphics aren't very good, even for pixel art, but the soundtrack is amazing and makes up for it. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,248820,7962050,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Shifty,This game can be extremely challanging and will not be easy to beat without playing it for a while. It has an amazing sound track and hours of game play with the 10 classes.  The only fault with the game is with a few (about 3) of their achievements which are practically imposible to unlock unless you are playing with somone else who owns the game. That and there are only around 10 stages with slight variations to play through.
,Recommended,248820,9838472,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,CrippledPuppy,pretty cool came online co-op is a little janky if your not all connected to the same network but great solo game also.
,Recommended,248820,9841902,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Kim Jong Il's Ghost,"Amazing game! Fairly difficult but fun because of it. Decent single player, but add other players into the equation and you have the makings of an♥♥♥♥♥kicking dream team! Don't think that by having more people you are gonna get off easy though, this game CAN and WILL beat you down if you get too cocky. 9/10"
,Recommended,248820,9071159,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Jr Jam,i wouldnt risk getting wet over this game
,Recommended,248820,8623636,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Lord Ostrich Panzerulfr (人狼),"Yes, Yes, and more Yes."
76561198037262627,Recommended,248820,9210720,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Nizam,Swag
76561198059233068,Recommended,248820,8937553,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,XProLilRavenX,"I really enjoy this game. If you're looking for a game to kill time, check this out. It's fast paced and very addictive. Great soundtrack as well."
76561198044282627,Recommended,248820,7934074,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,PapaKnuckles,"A pretty good game. Only thing is, although it seems super tough when you first start, you get the hang of it really quick. It didn't take long before I could beat the game, and then there isn't a lot of replay value."
,Recommended,248820,7936575,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Jorkauf,One of the best games i've played in a long time.
,Recommended,248820,7993685,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,LordOfLemon,"If you:are a fan of roguelikes,like the idea of abilities only limited by cooldowns,enjoy stacking up loads of unique items,are fine with 2d platformers anddont care about pixelated graphics,then this game is definetly for you. If you dont like more than 3 of the features I pointed out, then for your own good, look far away from this game. The amount of enjoyment this game gives is largely dependant on the player. I personally consider Risk of Rain a really decent, fun and intense roguelike. As I said before, if you are not turned off by this games genre, then definetly try it out!"
,Recommended,248820,8452124,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,ゴジラ - Godzilla,I love it like how i love my♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good to look at and fun to play with.
,Recommended,248820,8403875,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,monkey with a gun,I ♥♥♥♥ing hate this game. You die so often and even when you get really far you get wiped out in an instant. 10/10 would recommend.
,Recommended,248820,7868655,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Sprawl,"A solid platformer with roguelike elements. Similar to Bindings of Isaac, You start over everytime you die, but by unlocking new items that can drop in future games. The game includes 10 classes, each with a different gameplay. With a great variety of items and ennemies, the game always make you come back for more. The difficulty is also quite high.However, at the time of writing this review, the game has some technical issues, like the resolution and the ocasional crashes. Although it can be a pain, fixes to theses issues can be found on the steam forums.Risk of Rain is a solid platformer that offers a great challenge."
,Recommended,248820,8601273,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Dachtah Soos,"Love the game. The multiplayer mode is hectic and fun while singleplayer is a good challenge. Framerate becomes a potato when the game becomes remotely demanding, but you don't notice it until the final levels. I definately reccomend this game."
76561197991514789,Recommended,248820,10683677,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ODB | Rom,Good Game! Play it!!!!
,Recommended,248820,12247143,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Wickedcoolguy1,"I have been addicted to this game for the past two hours since I purchased it... It is challenging, and I have yet to make it past level 2.  My favorite feature is time... The longer you take the harder it gets, so you have to race against time so portal demons don't swarm you! Did I mention the amazing soundtrack?  The only thing that could improve this game is a buyable soundtrack."
76561198097584028,Recommended,248820,11579809,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,LeonVex,this game may look like its 8 bit but let me tell you that doesn't make the game any less amazing and personally because of the way the game play flows i feel that the art styal is perfect. this game is worth looking in to and well worth the price. the game still gets updates and the best part about this game is that you can just jump in and still enjoy the game. this game is action packed and unpredictable and something you should just take the time to see and learn but if your just wanting to know if the game is goo then YES!!!! its really good and only gets better with friends. but know this game can be VERY hard.PROSfast pacedaction packedmany unlockablesgood charactersreplayablesimpleconsart styal may not be liked.very small characters (doesn't bother me)can feel repetative at times.can be visually confusing.item have little to no info.(again i liked)can be hard to unlock everything.
,Not Recommended,248820,19682995,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Malone.j2,The pixel art design is♥♥♥♥♥♥ 1 of the octillions of overrated indie games on the market
,Recommended,248820,9116600,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Jesus On A Dinosaur,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game is Rouge Legacy on steroids with Co-Op,  if you liked either Rouge Legacy, Terraria, Or Starbound your ""bound"" to love this."
76561197992909321,Recommended,248820,20399766,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Lostagne,This game is som friggin cool! Til bad they stoppes updating it:\
,Recommended,248820,9862075,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Demyx,"The game is awesome, not everybody may like it. But in my opinion its a very well done game, that is a lot fun.I do recommend it!"
,Recommended,248820,14239490,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,jackyaboy,im gonna risk it and say this game is epiox
,Recommended,248820,17462839,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Slippery Opossum,I've always wanted a side scrolling Ant-Man.
,Recommended,248820,8605058,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Missingno. Ojisan Forme,Horrible game with misleading title. It never even rains in-game!
,Recommended,248820,15538087,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,VariFox,"It's a great game besiding the ""spawning and falling through the world"" glitch occasionally and the ""worm head crashes the multiplayer game"".Great game, would definitely buy.Looking forward for more content from Hopoo Games :)"
,Recommended,248820,15593086,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,SoeySosz,50% power of will50% pain8/10
,Not Recommended,248820,20634554,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Grog Dog,what are you ♥♥♥♥ing gay?
76561198034711477,Recommended,248820,20632340,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,The horse from Horsin' Around,Risque of Pain is a first person platwormer where you play as an apocolypse survivor that has crash landed in a place. Find drugs to shoot faster. 5/7 would rain again.
,Recommended,248820,9196126,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Dad Rock,severe lack of rain
76561198180678327,Recommended,248820,25022167,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Clamriod,"Amazing, but they need an easier way to host multiplayer."
76561198064374634,Recommended,248820,30435756,Posted: 10 March,all,Yewds,"This game is so much fun. It's challenging, it's fun and there is so much to unlock, heaps of items and ten different characters you can get. Havn't tried the multiplayer yet, but i'm sure it will just make this game even more fun."
76561198117784258,Not Recommended,248820,14493054,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Dont Tussle WIth the Muscle,It might just be me but i enjoyed this game for 2 hours and never played it again. Mabey i wanted to play multiplayer with my friends but its hard to do that. It was fun but i was not for me.
,Recommended,248820,8468889,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,AHH QUIETUS,I can't stop playing this game. Please someone help me.
,Not Recommended,248820,18630412,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Obsidian War PJs,"Just don't buy it if you're on Mac/Linux until they fix the bugs. The most damning one is that the game fails to recognize any kind of gamepad, even an Xbox360. Check the forums for yourself; you'll see tons of posts, ignored by the devs, of people saying their gamepad isn't recognized or having other problems with it. This game is not really playable with mouse/keyboard.I realize the devs are busy college students, and taking some courses myself I know what it's like. I'd be delighted to have to come back and revisit this review once gamepad support is reliable on not-Windows (I've even seen reports from some Windows folks of gamepads not being recognized / not working), but I don't see that happening any time soon if ever."
,Not Recommended,248820,18806791,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,XRuinX,"Multiplayer doesn't work, everything on our ends was tested, the problem is broken multiplayer that doesn't work. Games focues on MP structure too. Oh, and they havent updated since april 2015, check your calendar."
,Recommended,248820,16092249,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,TJ,Most intense speed run game I've ever played.
,Recommended,248820,11060836,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Jofipa,"BEST INDI GAME EVER 8/10 IGN SHOULD PROMOTE THIS GAME THAT HAS SUCKED ALL MY SOUL TILL THE LAST DROP.HARDER THAN DERK SOULS, BETTER THAN TERRARIA, NOSTALGIC FELLINGS."
76561198055677938,Recommended,248820,23548402,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,FizzyBits,"Great game if you like the survival types. Very fun to play cooperatively. However the games has alot of disapointments.It lacks content, you could probably finish this game in a day if you tried, and sometimes the co-op can be frustrating when you are in the lower end of the item gains.Overall I'd give this game a ""meh"" but it's still enjoyable to play with or without friends."
76561198046857476,Recommended,248820,16616001,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Alex,"Risk of Rain is one of the perfect games to play when you have a good hour or so to breeze through. It is a roguelike where the longer you are alive the harder the game becomes. Each stage has chests and a portal to the next stage. You earn money by killing things and when you are done with a stage you have to survive for 90 seconds as an increased number of enemies spawn. Once you've killed everything in the level you progress to the next stage and do it all over again until the fourth stage, at which point you have the choice to go back through the stages to gain more items or to progress to the final stage. The game has a number of varied characters, my personal favorite being the huntress, that you unlock by fighting specific bosses or doing challenges. The items you pick up throughout the game come in a number of varieties, white, green, yellow, red, orange, and purple. White, green, and red are normal items going up in rarity that can be bought or found in chests, yellow items are boss items that you have a chance of getting from bosses bestowing a power that the boss used, orange are usable items that can be found similarly to regular items, and purple items are hidden relics that change the base stats of the player and monsters around them as well as other effects that can make the game harder or easier. Each stage is varied and have unique designs that are beautiful to look at while not being distracting from the action. The final stage has many different side paths to take that can unlock different items and some machines that can be used against the final boss to make it an easier battle. The final boss goes through many different stages and it is a steady challenge, especially towards the 50 minute mark. The only real negatives I can think of from the game is that the multiplayer never really worked well for me and despite having gotten all the achievements in the game some of them did not unlock on my steam profile.TL;DR Excellent Roguelike with a lot of different characters, enemies, and items."
76561198071648651,Recommended,248820,12730762,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Bunnyfreak,"If you like to die, then get this game!!!"
76561198055177095,Recommended,248820,16772720,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,AzainGod,Where is the hell are the updates GIVE ME MORE CONTENT OR MAKE A SECOND ONE GODDAMMIT
76561198115423416,Recommended,248820,16773277,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Mr. Moffufle,needs more content just that
,Recommended,248820,16774571,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Aome,+Enjoyable.+Awesome Pixel Graphics.Must Have Game for Rogue-like or Pixel-Graphic Lover.
,Recommended,248820,16785214,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Kiki162,"Man I love this game, its just such a nice game to sit back an play, since you can also use a controller which in my opinion makes it easier to relax. Does kinda suck when you are 60mins into a game and have to quit because you picked up spikestrips... because no man should have to live with... spikestrips..."
76561198073014470,Recommended,248820,16788080,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Xabdrol,"Although a great game there was no ""risk"" of any rain. Not even a drizzle. Despite this I would still reccomend it."
,Recommended,248820,11115410,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Xavion Zaurak,once u get the artifacts this game is nothing but easy
,Recommended,248820,15068651,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,DavidTheWise™,"Crash on startup, devs pls fix."
,Recommended,248820,15096927,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,cmintz13,tem tqwib
,Recommended,248820,15211790,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,I Am the Liquor,good game
,Recommended,248820,10952477,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Brade_Runner,I die a lot. 10/10
,Recommended,248820,11582066,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,The Undead Lavender,"The most fun I have ever had on PC! well done levels, and challanging enemys keep you on your toes. play it I say, play it!"
,Recommended,248820,13618300,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,[EGN] Scum Lord,Its so much fun!
,Not Recommended,248820,20073166,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Macarius Wrench,"Risk of Rain is a strange game, the mechanic of constantly spawning enemies grows tiresome, the skill required to last as long as possible while gaining power-ups while giving you the option to tap out early at the expense of your potential power is an interesting one but I personally didn't adore the games style. A Risky punt."
76561198067072036,Recommended,248820,9946786,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Carter1215,"I normally don't like platforIm styled games, but this game truly is somthing else. At first the game is pretty hard tryinf to get used to the controlles and just surviving for 5 min. But after a while the game gets really rewarding as you get better and are able to progress to the next stages. I love this game and the music is even better. I give this game a 10/10 easily and highly reccomend this game to truly anyone that plays video games!"
76561198031157206,Recommended,248820,9953094,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Alternativex,"SImple mechanics, high replayability and quite addictive. Great game. Been playing using an xbox 360 controller which seems to fit pretty well.Local coop option exists, so might even be able to play this with my wife ;)"
,Recommended,248820,9958186,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Gorloss,This game is a masterpiece of art...
,Recommended,248820,7624601,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,racist mario,videogame
,Recommended,248820,16525254,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,gay ass,just get it
,Recommended,248820,15235693,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Scrini,kk
76561198078904336,Recommended,248820,10725599,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,MasterAndrew777,Great game. It's always fun to play it by yourself or with friends.
,Recommended,248820,22244132,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,D_KingOfSpades,Too difficult of a rouglike shooter. Thats why I love it. If only I could get multiplayer to work though...
,Recommended,248820,8406218,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Nazgir,Buy this game. It is awesome and rock hard. And I need some partners to try this thing in Co-op.
,Recommended,248820,7745500,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,iceypan,Gud fun
,Recommended,248820,7745557,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Scrub,awesome roguelite. go play.
76561198046289893,Recommended,248820,7746374,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Louis,This game gets jiggy wit it.
,Recommended,248820,7747742,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,ComfyDadu,"Fun game worth the every penny, music is amazing and playing with friend makes it that more enjoyable."
76561198010045859,Recommended,248820,7747333,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Conversely Spectacular Redoubt.,Ridiculous fun game and god damn it's good.
,Recommended,248820,7748131,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,mkautnts115,"This game is hard, addictive and fun as hell! If blowing something up so it leaves a trail of fire to potentially blow up other things this game is a must play. I give it a 10/10. Play it asap, you won't regret it."
76561197997971661,Recommended,248820,7749922,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,wigginjt,"Excellent game. Good variety of items, characters and levels. Definitely worth a try even if you don't like roguelikes."
,Recommended,248820,7750910,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,"Dipwad, Deluxe Edition","This Game Is Extreamly fun, It offers endless hours of gameplay, tons of items to collect, Badass characters to play as and Impossable Monsters. I find it hard to quit this game!"
,Recommended,248820,7752235,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Zed,This game is awesome. Play it. It's a lot of fun multiplayer but you have to know someone else with the game because there is no match maker.
76561198089900013,Recommended,248820,7755296,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Ninjaneenja1,"The best $10 dollar game Ive played. Gets very addicting after you get used to it, and a nice game to play after raging on most MP games"
,Recommended,248820,7744370,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Dragon,"I, just love this game its a great rough-like has great platforming and is hard as ♥♥♥♥!"
,Recommended,248820,7751182,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,High on Summertime,Awesome game one of the few indie games that isn't a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥worth the money
,Recommended,248820,13477736,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,NIGO,"this review is brought to you by pizza hut and xbox one: Shout feed me to kinect and u get food!!! :Danyway this game u shoot n1ggas like gears of war style xbox game, u roll and shoot & its like league of losers where u press 4 buttons for gey homosex. my only problem with game is everythin is small like ur moms♥♥♥♥♥♥♥srsly i need microscope for this gey caca, fukn srsly m8 i need everythin big like xbox and xbox controller im big american i need big like pizza hut large pizza xbox xbox xboxpls pls bring game to xbox :(("
76561198030191876,Not Recommended,248820,18024727,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,SuperDoggie,Fun for like an hour or so. Boring grind-fest afterwards.
,Recommended,248820,8834985,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,the low ground,One word to describe this game. ADDICTING.
,Recommended,248820,12019769,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,ANIMAL MOTHER,100/10 decent ish
,Recommended,248820,9275780,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,top 10 thicc anime asses,Ever since I got this game it has been raining every day at my house. F*ck.
,Recommended,248820,15194910,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Al Quackpone,[HOW TO WIN]Step 1. Acquire HAN-DStep 2. Acquire Artifact of CommandStep 3. Stockpile Paul's Goat Hooves and Soldier's SyringesStep 4. Win.
,Recommended,248820,8776224,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Grady K,"This game is incredible. It reminds me of The Binding of Isaac, a game I have put over 150 hours into. This will probably come close to or surpass that number. The unlock and item system is well done. The game is randomized too so it's pretty different every time. I would suggest this game to anyone who likes hard games with permadeath and roguelike elements. (I would also reccomend The Binding of Isaac as well).PS: There is little progression between games. It doesn't not get any easier save unlocking new chracters and items, and there are no straight upgrades, only sidegrades."
,Recommended,248820,14441592,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,potatoman103021,"Oh my god yes. This game is awesome, just remember to modify the settings file so you can do large multiplayer parties."
76561198119500726,Recommended,248820,19300555,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Florix,"This game's alright, I guess..."
,Recommended,248820,7787793,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Deadlock,"Risk of rain is a rouge like game with perma death. With simple controls and character progression this game is easy to pick up but hard to master. Unlocking items and characters can be done through achievements and challanges, all of the items and classes seem to be balanced and each have thier own playstyle. For example the engineer is definately harder to play than the bandit, it lacks any for of escape and falls back upon laying mines and turrets in preperation. Whereas the bandit runs in shooting then uses smoke bomb to nope out of a horde.Over all i would rate this game highly, it's a good game to play when you have an hour to kill. It's multiplayer component is also intresting, though is a bit of a pain to get working as it needs ports to be forwarded and such.Pancakes"
,Recommended,248820,29793944,Posted: 8 February,all,Individual,𝐘 𝐄 𝐒.
76561197980216646,Recommended,248820,7853152,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,foots,One of the most entertaining Roguelike-sidescroller-metroidvania I have ever played. Worth the purchase at full price if you can't get it on sale.
76561197972397179,Recommended,248820,7854277,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,JinxMeTwice,"This is a great game if your looking for a challenge, It contains roguelike elements implemented in an action based package, with the added on time based difficulty scale to add an added angle to torture you"
76561197973164483,Recommended,248820,7762389,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Speeteh,"Incredibly fun game, rewarding in-game item system and dying doesn't feel like such a pain. I would highly recommend this if you like playing well-constructed arcade shooting games!"
,Recommended,248820,17963401,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Alaweed,0/10 not enough items
76561198098457791,Recommended,248820,12617283,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,good thing i have my die move,"Best game I have played in a while, challenging but not frustrating."
76561198114260078,Not Recommended,248820,17158601,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,xenomander,Collision detection is BROKEN. I've stood on invisible platforms and fallen through real ones. Never beat the first level because I fall through the map before I find the teleporter. this is in fact a permanent gap that breaks the game.
,Recommended,248820,23992851,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Kingdomhartz4,Best game in da game
76561198022496882,Recommended,248820,9946790,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,The Angry Toads,Amazing game. More than worth the cost and amazing to play co-op.
,Recommended,248820,9955131,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Dennis Hotrodman,This is basicly a side scrolling Binding of Issac
76561198043909762,Recommended,248820,9967690,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Viagra Falls,"Risk of Rain is a great game in a frustrating sort of way. If you've played Rogue Legacy or Binding of Isaac, then you'll love this game. With randomly generated maps, enemy placements, and item drops, there's no end to the replayability. In addition, you can either play solo, local co-op, or online co-op for double the fun. The game itself can get addicting in the sense that you want to see how much further you can get than the previous attempts. Just be careful not to get too into it, or you might just end up losing track of the time. Other than that, I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a challenging yet fun game. Plus, it's only $10 (less if it's during a Steam sale, of course)."
,Recommended,248820,9940243,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,r00fy ツ,More Friends = More FunEnjoy this nice Game!
,Recommended,248820,9941839,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,CiP.Sigh,I sunk many hours into this game. There is a risk of FUN
,Recommended,248820,9955025,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,TokiZR,"Haven't played since I had a BSOD during the game (caused by motion joyu, not the game itself) which caused all my progress to vanish into the ether.Outside form that this is probably one of my favorite games of all time. Art style is beautiful, characters are genuinely unique, and sometimes I would play it solely to listen to the soundtrack.The idea of stacking passive buffs is amazingly compelling and there are so many items I have never ever had a run play like another. I'll definitelly see myself playing this for years to come.Also, it is HARD!"
76561198044699995,Recommended,248820,9958084,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Blood™,"Very good game.. bought it for $3.39, so I can't complain. A good time killer or just a random craving for a single player game. Get it if it's on sale."
,Recommended,248820,13889373,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,I ШΔ∏Ƭ ƬΘ DIΣ ƬƁH,I played this game with my friends.They all hated me in the end because I kept taking every item on the map.9/11ALLAHU AKBAR
,Recommended,248820,7857241,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Rattenviech,"Ein echt gutes Spiel muss ich mal sagen. Sehr hoher Schwierigkeitsgrad und eine Steuerung an die man sich erstmal ein bischen gewöhnen muss... Allerdings kommt die Schwierigkeit nicht durch die Steuerung an sich selbst, sondern durch die Horden an Gegnern die einfach perfekt in das Spiel passen. Ein fremder und vorallem feindlicher Planet vs. den Spieler.. diesen Eindruck bekommt man von Anfang an vermittelt.Alle Gegner und Gegenstände die es in dem Spiel gibt haben eine interessante Hintergrundgeschichte und die Musik untermalt das ganze einfach super. Vom gameplay her ein Mix aus The Binding of Isaac und Soldat.Alles in allem sehr gelungen, 9/10 kanns eigendlich nur empfehlen."
76561198133573511,Recommended,248820,9933421,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,ZombieX22,"A heads up, there is only one life per playthrough.  You die = you start over.As far as I can tell, the levels themselves are built semi-randomish, but it's usually not that hard to find your way around after a little practice.  The first and second levels are always the same area (not same map), with the 3rd level (assuming you get there) apparently having a chance to be one of two, and so on.There are 3 difficulties.  Drizzle, Rainstorm, and Monsoon.  You cannot unlock item and monster logs on drizzle, but everything else can be done there.  All this basically does is decide how fast the game ramps up.  It starts at about the same place, but on higher difficulties it gets more difficult faster.  The game's in-game difficulty starts at very easy with the words ""Very Easy"" next to a timer and an experience bar.  As the timer ticks away, the bar gets more experience and eventually the difficulty levels up.  It caps out at ""AHAHAHAHAHA"" (approximately spelled right).  The higher the difficulty in-game, the more health and damage and sheer numbers enemies have, and the stronger the enemy types that show up.  Realistically though?  It gets ridiculous as soon as the first difficulty level up occurs.The whole point of the game is to get to the teleporter in each level, activate it, wait for 99 seconds, and then kill all enemies in the level.  99 seconds is basically how long it will take before enemies stop respawning.  When you activate a teleporter, a boss enemy is guaranteed to show up, but whatever happens at any other point in time varies by difficulty and time elapsed.  As far as I can tell, the level one boss is a colossus and the level 2 boss is a magma wurm.  I am not sure if this is set or not, but the 4 times I've beaten level one and the 2 times I've gotten to the level 2 teleporter it's been true.  The colossus is just a giant @#$# regular minion that does 4 times the damage, while the magma wurm is the hard to keep track of looping through the environment kind of boss.  I've also seen an ancient wisp as a random spawn, which basically summoned columns of fire to mess with me.  :)   Once you've killed all enemies after the 99 seconds has passed, you can reactivate the teleporter to go to the next level.  The game has a fixed number of levels, although the order apparently varies randomly (I haven't gotten far enough to truly verify this), with a fixed final level and final boss.As difficulty goes, I have one problem with the game.  And that is that it really is a ton of luck.  Enemy damage and health amounts increase at a rate significantly faster than your health and damage amounts.  The difference has to be made up by in game items, which you have to get by killing enemies and spending the coins they drop (they also drop experience to level you up a little) to open chests / use shrines.  Chests cost a fixed amount, and some of them have items on display with your one time choice of one of three, but shrines are truly random.  Shrines have a chance of giving you absolutely nothing for your hard earned money, or worse.  The flipside of that is that chests are single use while shrines are multi-use, albeit at a higher price each attempt.  There are also some shrines where you can pay health, which is..... kind of severely risky but has higher rewards possible.Never the less, a good thing about items, assuming you get enough to keep up, is that every single one of them is stackable and has a practical use.  None of them are bs items you hate to receive.  And there are dozens of different kinds, all of them unique.  A successful run will usually see you getting hundreds of items.The enemy variety is also fantastic.  There are about 2 - dozen kinds of basic enemy, and more than a quarter of them have a boss version.  In addition, there are some bosses like the magma worm without a basic enemy :).  And almost every enemy is deadly.  There are also ""elite"" versions of enemies with elemental auras and such that cause you quite a bit of mischief.  Especially the overloading versions of bosses, which I have seen one of on Monsoon difficulty.The controls are basic.  You have 4 abilities assigned to 4 buttons, you have the 4 directional movements, you have a jump button, you have a button to activate stuff, and you have a button to use your ""use"" item.  One problem with the controls is that you have to hold ""up"" down continuously to grab onto a ladder, and this is finicky enough to cause some serious issues at certain points in time.  Jumping also has to be done very exactly in certain areas or you miss very easily.Multiplayer wise, the game has up to 4 player co-op.  The game becomes significantly easier in co-op.  I know this because I personally controlled two characters simultaneously (Jack can do that because he plays too much Guitar Hero), and one of them got to level 8 and the other got to level 12 before they both died.  This was one of the two runs where I almost beat the second level, and it was the significantly easier of the two.The only real problem with multiplayer is that they did not include any kind of matchmaking.  Or lobbies.  AT ALL.  You have to either play locally, with the 2nd and up person(s) using other control devices, or have someone host a server themselves.  And heads up.  There are noticeable possible security risks to hosting a server if you don't trust the other persons.  Which basically means.......... it's very hard to get in an actual co-op game here.  Which means that even though the game feels built for co-op difficulty scaling wise, the lack of any matchmaking whatsoever makes it very very hard for you to get into a game and requires extraordinary planning ahead of time honestly to do it safely.  So ...... the multiplayer kind of sucks.Overall, the only real problem other than no matchmaking I have had is that all of the unlocks, including the character unlocks that are supposed to be the replayability factor, come from doing things like beating the game 5 times, or beating a really hard enemy or something on level 4, etc.  I think the easiest is to beat level 3?  And some of the better items, the ones that make your playthroughs a lot easier, have hard unlock conditions in themselves.Overall, I would recommend the game at it's current sale price.  It's 3.39 right now, which I believe is totally worth it if you like ""rogue-like platformers"".  That being said, I would not believe it to be worth $10.Overall , I say 6/10 at the sale price."
,Recommended,248820,19353098,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,SPOOKY TURTLE,help me plz
76561198014493080,Not Recommended,248820,16345629,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Tswiggs,"Wow, I heard so many good things about this game that I was expecting something really good.  Too bad I didn't get to really see much of the game because of a missing colider on the terain."
76561198122393442,Recommended,248820,29533699,Posted: 27 January,all,Fedpez,e
,Recommended,248820,29534051,Posted: 27 January,all,Punished Peenster,its gud
76561198058248527,Recommended,248820,12141158,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Stalmaster,its fun
76561198025947287,Recommended,248820,12185637,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,popo,Funnnnnnnnnnn
,Recommended,248820,8389656,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Denri,Addictive but punishing. Totally worth your money.
,Recommended,248820,12135998,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Goldhelm the Spice Lord,Wow this game
,Recommended,248820,12165828,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,The Young Pope,I gunned down a legion of glowing children and then murdered their enraged parents. I wish I had friends to help/stop me/call an intervention.10/10
76561198067583148,Recommended,248820,8394534,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,alexbtb1997,"This game... it WILL kill you... many, many, many times... but it will only cause the dying embers of defeat to spark into the burning powerfull flames of PASSION! I have won this game... and when i did... my hands... they wouldn't stop linking combos, tearing tenticals off of giant Wanndering Vagrents and punching holes into the enigmatic bodies of Ancient Wisps, and running away from those killer Mushrums... I highly recomend this game... and if anyone needs a Acrid that's nerotoxin can bring even Providence himself to his knees in multiplayer... (((Send me a Drone)))..and so it left, with a new hunger: the hunger to kill, to tear, to rend."
,Recommended,248820,13605844,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Mr Rabbit,"I recommed this game ALOT!We 42.1 hours in it So far i have had alot of fun playing this, Not just by my self but with my friends, although it may seem short, you can make it last hours by doing challenges with each other or solo, If you have the spare money i would defintly recommend picking this game up for a rainy day."
76561198088722654,Recommended,248820,15292199,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Sp00ky soopa soot,"Absolutely Spectacular.When you first play it, you will probably die a lot, but as you unlock more characters and items, it will become more fun.The mechanics, items and enemies are amazing. The bosses are great.There is but one problem with the game.IT.NEVER.RAINS.xD.15/10"
,Recommended,248820,10641956,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Minerr,A must have.
76561198066169207,Recommended,248820,10939344,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,M A R K I T O S,Looked shiit. Isn't shiit.10/10
,Recommended,248820,14701180,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Odbytozamiatacz,"Amazing, simple and very challenging game, 3 balanced difficulty levels, large amount of greatly designed mobs, items, bosses and EXPLOSIONS! The longer you play, the more hardcore game become and on every type of level there is artifact to find, which unlocks option to make your gameplay even MORE HARDCORE, for example there are spawning only elite mobs with special abilities to f**k you up even more than before! You have 10 characters, start with Commando and through the gameplay unlock more characters. Check them all and choose which suits you best! There are also in-game achievements which will unlock more items to collect. You will die a lot, even with handful of brilliant gear, swear a lot, but I guarantee, if you love rogue-like games and being constantly killed in 0,0001 second, this game is for you!"
,Recommended,248820,14718749,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,I am Squirmander,"Ooh... pointy arrow, Better stand on it.*Ground opens up*Shiii..."
,Not Recommended,248820,9985834,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,bocksy,"used to be a great game until they broke the itI gotta hand it to them though, they somehow managed to make a pixel game run at 25 fps max"
76561197973843110,Not Recommended,248820,15768537,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Malice,There are definitely good elements in this game and the approach is fairly fresh. The game does turn into a pretty stupid mess too fast though and I haven't noticed a way to save the game either if I have to leave somewhere mid game (happens surprisingly often). Even though I cannot really recommend this game I am not saying this game is too bad either.
,Recommended,248820,10879790,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,sync54,this game is fun
76561198075425157,Recommended,248820,15272900,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,(cawh)ROBOTIC WHALE,its a great game lots of fun u allllllllllll should buy it
,Recommended,248820,15929993,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Matiezis,Low price. Lots of fun.
,Recommended,248820,15639189,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,ApexCity,The fact that GTA 5 just came out (an incredible experience) and I just put 30 hours into this......... That is the biggest thumbs up I think ive ever given a game on steam. Seriously...... Amazing game. You will not regret it if this is your type of game. LOVE IT
,Recommended,248820,7753489,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,ween,"Love the concept of the zones getting more difficult the longer you are on that stage. The problem is, eventually you are going to be nearly unkillalble so the jump in difficulty will not matter. Buy this game."
,Recommended,248820,9663973,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,VisibleDucts,"Beautiuful 2D 'platformer' graphics (sidescroller?), fun action shooter with skills to add strategy making it more than running and gunning. Skills you need to have any chance of staying alive. For longer than you would without them. But you will die. It's a brutal game with permadeath, the roguelike aspect of the game. Normally, I might say this is a roguelike-like (rogue-lite, as the kids say I think. A game that isn't a roguelike but is influenced by them and uses roguelike mechanics in a unique way but isn't really a roguelike in the ""pure"" sense), however, in various ways it meets what I consider the core criteria of the roguelike genre. It's not turn based, but I think that's a standard roguelike feature, not a core one. It has a high difficulty level, classes with differnet skills, various items you find throughout the stages, and although there are no potions or items that are ""cursed"" (so far, in my playthroughs) - those things in roguelikes can be abstracted to the role they play: random danger from items that could be beneficial but you don't know until you use them. Risk of Rain has ""shrines"" that you pay to use, the shrines increase in cost with each use and you are not guarenteed anything - it's random and they could be really beneficial, and then sometimes it's just a waste of gold, and other times they can hurt you. They fulfill the role, to an extent, that unidentified items in more 'standard' roguelikes fulfill. Oh, and of course permadeath. Risk of Rain also starts off difficult (although after you play for awhile, the start of a game becomes a lot easier), however, it uses a timer feature that increases the diffculty the longer you're alive/in a stage (I can't honestly confirm if it resets when you activate the teleporter and go to the next stage since I've died at the last few seconds of the countdown when the teleporter is activating on the first level....) - when you start it tells you by the timer that it's ""very easy"", which in comparison to later difficulty ramps, is true. Very easy compared to what I think when I hear the term ""very easy"" though? Not so much...Anyway, it's a great game, well worth it if you like challenging, pretty, roguelikes with a twist. Oh, and playing with a gamepad is so much better than using a keyboard, in my experience..."
,Recommended,248820,8152793,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Angate102,This game is dope its addicting as dope nah just kidding but its really fun play on words there but i'd like more people to get this game because its fun as fun can be other than having to start all over again .Also it takes a hell of a lot of skill its not just button mashing like some fighting games. and for 9 dollars its worth it.
76561198045853087,Recommended,248820,18215075,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,TheGame,A must have for people who like losing everything. I do.
,Recommended,248820,16813974,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,StarGuy,I love the intense drops and ways to kill everything in sight!
76561198079490866,Recommended,248820,23768325,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Nham,Great game.
,Recommended,248820,19407486,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Chrissy♥,"Playing it with two of my friends and it's fun. If you planing to buy it, ask a friend to buy it too. Your exp. will be so much better."
,Recommended,248820,20241463,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,switch,So much fun with friends. Challenging yet addicting at the same time. 10/10.
,Recommended,248820,17745375,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,aids,"Here's an actual review.What Risk of Rain does right:-A solid, fun and mostly lag-free experience.-Tons of different ways to play (Characters/Artifacts)-Loads of replay value.-Awesome soundtrack.-Fair difficulty.-Really cool game mechanics that add alot to the overall experience.-Tons of cool items, enemies and bosses.-Cool level design.-Co-op!-Really makes you think who the real monster is, you or the bosses.What Risk of Rain does wrong:-Steep learning curve for new players.-Occasional glitches in Co-op.Risk of Rain is great! :D"
,Not Recommended,248820,16636156,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Bamboolie,"2 out of 10. This game is so beyond fun to play and I really like the different classes and unique abilities that they offer. The item system is a lot of fun too and longer runs can get interesting. So why the 2/10? This game crashes so ♥♥♥♥ing much that it makes me not want to play it. You can be in the middle of a run and BAM, game over for some wierd glitch that occured. These crashes are very frequent and since there is no save, you can't go back to where you left off, forcing you to start over. I'd recommend this game to anyone who doesn't mind having to start over after playing for around an hour and losing everything. Good luck getting those Steam achievements too."
,Not Recommended,248820,17465539,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Cookiecaps,yeah i have no idea what im doing
76561198059042186,Recommended,248820,10814061,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,smokeAmonkey®,Best Game Evar NA lcs tsm sktt1
,Recommended,248820,9069697,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,na,ITS ♥♥♥♥ING 6.00 DOLLARS ITS WORTH ♥♥♥♥ING 20.00 ATLEAST BUY THE GAME NAOW
,Recommended,248820,18888251,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Un1V3rSiTy,Turns out my pc was glichin.Do you want a challange? Do you like aliens? Do you like issac? THEN THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!
76561198046579378,Recommended,248820,10783709,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Noblefish,Game is good illuminati.
76561198034312104,Recommended,248820,13864606,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Friendly Ed,"Lots of Particles, many enemies, much loot, one viable character. 9/11 This game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ :-)"
,Recommended,248820,7812745,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Fblthp,Definitely recommend it :D
76561198099627936,Recommended,248820,14168600,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Bromeo,This game is so underrated. It is actually quite the time killer :D
76561198040557390,Recommended,248820,8895270,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Boy Man Man,This game is a great rogue game and one of the best of 2013.
,Recommended,248820,13249790,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Hentai Hunter Huynh,"risk of rain is a fun game to play with friends, this is only for people with non wooden pc, our friend has a mac, his mac version is not updated to play with us. just because he is a skrub for having a mac he should not be discriminated against with a non updated game i believe he should deserve better even though he has a mac so let us fight a war against skrubismTHIS IS REALLY A FUN GAME FOR EVERYONE TO GET I JUST WISH THAT IT WOULD UPDATE THE SAME TIME FOR LINUX AND MAC"
,Recommended,248820,12852107,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,ScorpioTheConqueror,"Short Answer: Great game but not for people who aren't very good at video games or just don't like Rogue-Lite's that are incredibly hard.Long Answer:I love this game, I may only have 13.3 hours on record but I know enough about the game to review it.Risk of Rain is a VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY hard rogue-lite that will take you a long time to beat, there are many items and classes to unlock which just adds to the sheer awesomeness of the game.Does this game have a story? Well, yes. But in no way is it story driven. You're on a spaceship and some bloody ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ called Providence comes and blows it up, you're the only survivor and you land on a planet. Please tell me if I'm missing something.Does this game have a combat system? HELL. TO. THE. YES. This games combat system is so great and engaging, each class has four abilities. One is just the primary attack and the other three are the special attacks (Fun fact: You'll be disappointed when you unlock the Engineer) which are usually awesome.Every class is different, from a arrow-launching Huntress to a thick armoured Enforcer they're all very unique.There are also game changing artifacts you can find and once you find them you can activate them when you begin the game like a glass cannon one which I won't spoil the effect of.This game is great but does it have flaws? Yes. It's too hard. I know you'll get used to it, but it's so intense and hard that it keeps me from playing, I have to play in small short doses. (Usually 20-60 mins per session) Also, the controls are kinda wirey but they can be rebinded.Also the music is AMAZING!!! It's just so good... You'll have to see for yourselves.The graphics are meh, they're okay.The final verdict for Risk of Rain is... 8.5/10. The hardness really takes away some of the game for me but it's still amazing and very recommended!Until the next review :)"
,Recommended,248820,14257914,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,elephantsintheforest,"Amazing game with a huge amount of replay value and music to die for, which given its dificulty curve is most likley what you will do."
76561198176221285,Recommended,248820,14266639,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,AnonymousSongbird,"Do not buy this game if you want a good story. Do not buy this game if you're into awesome graphics. Do not buy this game if you can't deal with a little permadeath. Do not buy this game if you want a game that hands you all the unlockables and characters on a silver platter. Do not buy this game... Well, you get the idea.On the other hand, if you fit none of the above categories, you're golden. Risk of Rain is a Sci-Fi Roguelike which makes no excuses and no apologies. The story is minimal, the environments are decent if simple, and the gameplay is very, very unforgiving. And yes, you WILL die on your first run, I guarantee you. But soldier on, young gamer. Early runs are mostly dedicated to unlocking new characers (of which there are 12) and getting used to the game's mechanics. As the singular survivor (or survivors, if playing multiplayer) of a space shuttle crash, you must navigate a hostile alien planet in an effort to return to your spaceship, which has been commandeered by a mysterious alien named Providence. Beyond that, there's very little storytelling to be seen. Just survive to the end, gathering items and slaughtering your foes as you level up your character and try to make sense of what exactly is happening around you. As your character leaves the planet at the end of the final level, the camera pans over the level you've just finished, showing the piles of corpses of seemingly innocent creatures you just carved your way through to make it off the planet. You've survived- but at what cost?Bittersweet ending aside, the game is a wild ride. Every one of the 12 characters is unique to play and powerful when mastered, from the agile and well-rounded Commando to the DOT-heavy, hit-and-run Acrid, to the bulky, slow-moving HAN-D. Enemies and bosses are varied, and each is unique in approach and danger level. While blasting your way through the armies of aliens is a fun time, don't take too long- the difficulty ramps up steadlily the longer your session goes on, and if you dawdle long enough, the RNG will happily toss legions of bosses and powered-up Elite enemies in place of the lowly mooks you've been fighting up to that point. Balancing steady progression and staying around long enough to grab all the helpful items and buffs is a constant struggle, even while you're trying to avoid getting torn to shreds by hostile wildlife.I've greatly enjoyed all of the time I've spent with Risk of Rain. And if you're willing to soldier on through death and brutal death, I'm sure you will too."
,Recommended,248820,10854546,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Brennan Huff,"I had it for a day, and played four hours, I feel like a new man.The game gets harder as you progress, so basically the longer you spend dicking around, the more time enemies want to♥♥♥♥♥♥around in you.8/10, good game. Would recommend when feeling like you have nothing to do for hours on end."
,Recommended,248820,10828027,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Maxwell J. Rodriguez III Esq.,8-Bit Dark Souls
,Recommended,248820,7890761,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,React Squid,"Lots of fun, and difficult! tons of fun with friends!"
,Recommended,248820,7889307,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,JuFiN,"Amazing game. Reminiscent of binding of isaac, except in platformer form.The gameplay when set to the normal difficulty is very fair but challenging. For those looking for a more extreme challenge there is monsoon difficulty.With 100 items that you unlock randomly with each play through it has massive replay value.Also the 8 classes are all very unique and offer a surprisingly high skill cap when mastering how their unique skills work together and with different combos.And lastly the music is very good. One of very few games where i actually listen to the game music over my own itunes.So far there are no downsides to point out for me, 10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,248820,24166339,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,RumbarBrook,"A fun, but very challenging 2D shooter where you try to survive and make it across a detailed handful of worlds. Includes an unlock system, bestiary and item glossary."
,Recommended,248820,8307528,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Ricrick,Err..... a game better played on big screen.... er... but u'll need binoculars...... good action game buy yoo difficult to see...
76561198018495105,Recommended,248820,7910798,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Stephen Hawking's Wheelchair,"This game, like many before have said, is very,very addicting. Its like FTL with its addicting nature. You'll keep playing untill you unlock everything."
76561198026259343,Recommended,248820,10065983,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,The Good Touch,"Buy it, it's SO much fun you'll be playing for hours!"
76561198040229366,Recommended,248820,12799534,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Zoeymithra,"I recommend this game with a couple of important caveats.   The game is buggy.    There are a number of game breaking annoying bugs, like;  Sometimes you will make a ""perfect"" jump, only afterwards be unable to jump at all.    You can win the game, and the game won't record it in your stats and records.     There are about 20 known annoying bugs, bot those two are my biggest pet peaves.    That said, the game is VERY addictive, lots of fun, and incredibly challenging.   If it didn't have the bugs, and if you could turn off the ""ever increasing difficulty"" or at least turn it down, it would rate 5 stars.  I'm going to give it three."
,Recommended,248820,16364608,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Gänseblümchen,"An amazing side scrolling shooter, gets progressivly harder no matter what difficulty you play it on. characters aren't easy to unlock but not difficult either (the way it should be in my opinoin) endless hours of fun and anyone who buys this will be extremly satisfied, i would recomended this to anyone gamer or not its enjoyable for hours on end. 10/10 would get mauled by tiny decaying pigs again."
,Recommended,248820,7695242,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,BrightOrangePants,"A delightful roguelike experience.  This lovely little platformer nails the ""easy to learn, hard to master"" gameplay and doesn't let up on the difficulty.  You play as one of ten classes each with four abilities/attacks, and simply try to survive as long as possible.You scour each level in search of a teleporter to the next, leveling up along the way.  You must hurry, because the difficulty is tied to how long you are taking, with it ramping up in five-minute increments.  Its item system borrows heavily from The Binding of Isaac, there's no stat building, just strap items on as you go.  The music is also nice.  This is absolutely worth your time if you like the roguelike genre.  Or even if you dont!  It's a nice lightweight timewaster or a keyboard-smashingly difficult experience, depending on the difficulty you choose."
,Recommended,248820,7717550,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,wrakke,"Best 2D game I've ever played. The classes are all unique and awesome, the boss battles are very enjoyable & there is a lot of replayability. The game will leave you satisfied after every time you play it.Each class also has a unique ending so have fun beating the extremely difficult game with all 10 classes."
,Recommended,248820,7693060,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,Tim,Awesome game!
,Recommended,248820,7904533,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Nakor,"One of the better Roguelikes I've ever played.  Crazy hard, but in a good way...mostly.  Good luck unlocking more than one character unless you possess either godlike natural skill or have absolutely no life and only one game."
76561198042924359,Recommended,248820,12154910,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Panda™,great
76561198042699072,Recommended,248820,12955280,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Azamet,its good
76561198049879503,Recommended,248820,12191981,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Zantoni,"Never once rained, 9/11"
,Recommended,248820,12167638,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,The Great Canadian Bagel,this is the only game that makes me feel happy about being an acidic drooling beast carrying diseases10/10
,Recommended,248820,21991515,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,slippin richy,"started normalme and my friend, playing local co-opthinking, ok, cool, great startget some good stuff on the first level, pretty easythen my friend turns to melooks me in the eyes""oh btw we're playing on monsoon""regretswe die within the first 30 seconds of the second levelmoral?don't. jus't don't.69/2 would jew"
,Recommended,248820,9065872,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Sneakiest bear,"Do you like being punished brutally for a small mistake?Are you a masochist?Are you a man?If the answer to these questions is ""Yes"" then you should get this game. Endless hours of entertainment, get buttraped in co-op mode, or be the god of RNG and rip your way through hordes of monsters because you're a pimped out, bad♥♥♥♥♥mother ♥♥♥♥er."
,Recommended,248820,15357657,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,BobbyBoy,This game is not only fun but you can Build an army of mechanical drones that will do everything for you. EVERYTHING!!!!
76561198254692103,Not Recommended,248820,22604842,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Bearickson,"The game itself is a lot of fun and the characters have pretty different playstyles which really adds to the replayability. Sadly, the 5+ games I have tried to play, I hve had huge clipping problems. I will fall straight through the map and the clipped area is to large to jump so I am forced to restart. This bug is a huge boner kill, rendering the game extremely irritating if not unplayable."
,Recommended,248820,15227059,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Zephyr,"If you'd like to see some gameplay aside from the footage above, check this out:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLjmS9oPIKMIbdk-igNEjsJptbm4GobHEw*EDIT* I haven't had any issues with the crashing others have, but you've been warned.Well, I got this game when I saw it on sale. Got to be honest, if I'd have known I would have this much fun with it in such a short amount of time (with many more hours going to be played for sure), I probably would've bought it if they sold it for double or triple the normal price. It's good fun, even better with friends (unless they horde money on you). Overall, if you have some extra money on hand or you're just looking for a game to put a few hours into, play Risk of Rain, you won't regret it.""I've got no ragrets"""
76561197990070329,Not Recommended,248820,18806613,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,{FOX}CzM8,"This game used to be badass! The last few times I have tried to play the game it has been glitched to the point it isnt fun. Fix the glitches, and I will play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it!"
76561198008880914,Recommended,248820,14360803,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Noobiegoboom,"A game about The Binding of Isaac and space.Oh, yeah, there's great music, and a really goddamn sinister subplot that you have to squint at a little to see.9/10, buy it"
76561198142805744,Recommended,248820,14362628,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Lambnbacon,Get in the game and get your butt kicked. Love it. So addicting and challenging!
,Recommended,248820,19425645,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,reychorizo,10/10 Best rogue-like i have played so far.
76561198086579551,Recommended,248820,16752335,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Gugan,You may think this game is called Risk of Rain because it is raining the whole time. Well you are very wrong. I found no participation dis game until the last level.It is called Risk of Rain due to the TEARS YOU WILL EXPERIENCE BY PLAYING THIS GAME! BETTER HOPE YOUR $1274.420 PIECE OF MACHIENERY YOU CALL A COMPUTER IS WATERPROOF BECAUSE YOURE ENTIRE HOUSE WILL BE FLOODED BY THE TIME YOU FINISH THIS GAME!So join the many players who enjoy this saturated game by participating in this game of very low percipitation.P.S. This game has lizards. Lizards are the government. You get to kill liazards.9.31415926535897932384626433832795028841971693993751/10would recommend
,Recommended,248820,15832556,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Tom Jumbo-Grumbo,Only one level with rain 10/10
,Recommended,248820,20635609,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Dealer,"Probably the best $2.49 I've ever spent. It's a pretty entertaining game, especially with friends. I don't think it's worth more than $5, so buy it immediately if it ever goes on sale."
,Recommended,248820,20117740,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,I Destroy Part 3,Great
76561198210000381,Recommended,248820,20635347,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,FathomNES,"This game... oh man this game... when you first play it, it's like, ""whaaat... is going on?"". But the best part is, you realize that you need to get a life after you have like 30 hours logged in within the first two days of owning it. The replayability is great, and the way it critisizes you for being stupid and dying every time is just the best. Great game, I would highly recommend it 9/10."
76561197960506814,Recommended,248820,14419346,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Quo,"Had so much fun in this, love it!"
76561198014947622,Recommended,248820,10818735,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,The Gunslinger,Great game!
76561198100173444,Recommended,248820,7955357,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Vanadate,"Risk of Rain is well worth the purchase. It's brutal in the absolute best possible way, it doesn't cut you any slack but never feels unfair or cheap. When you die (which you will) it always feels like its your fault and there's something you could have done better to survive that little bit longer. Its immensely re-playable due to the random nature of the levels, although this is mostly through item type and placement rather than the actual layout itself. The pacing of the game is excellent, the early stages build up your confidence as you cut down the occasional enemy but as time goes on your plight becomes more and more desperate, until you're engaged in a frantic dash for survival during the boss fights.Rounds are between 20-30 minutes in length, which makes it perfect for dipping into when you don't feel like sinking your teeth into something heavier. Adjusting the difficultly actually changes the whole feel of the game, going easier results in a very satisfying ""god mode"" with a huge array of items turning you into a powerhouse, whilst going harder is a constant adrenalin rush. I confess I'm not actully good enough to make any real progess on the hardest difficulty but its fun in a mascohistic way regardless. Credit must also go to the soundtrack, which is phenomenal and deeply atmospheric. The pixel art style is different and certainly striking, though might not be to everyone's taste but doesn't diminish the game at all.My only minor compliant is that the ballance in the items can seem a bit off. Some are incredibly situational, bordering on useless whilst others are fantasic and near certain choices. Although the random nature of the game can result in you getting screwed over from time to time, it doesn't happen very often.In short, a fantastic game which I'll probably still play years down the line, highly recommended."
,Recommended,248820,14943642,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Symbiotic Demon,"This game.This game.I bloody love this game.Awesome sound track,Check.Varieties in items,levels,bosses,enemies and there elite forms.Check.YOU CAN FOR GODS SAKE MAKE IT SO YOUR COMMANDO STOCK PISTOL IS A MINIGUN AND THAT WHEN YOU HIT ENEMIES 4 MISSILES LAUNCH OUT OF YOUR TORSO. Also here is a strat.Look up Risk of rain command,And then try to get it.Then you can choose your items.Yep.Command op.9 3/4 out of 10.(Harry potter reference):P"
76561198005284270,Recommended,248820,33184538,Posted: 3 July,all,Phggt,Decent.
76561198127212043,Not Recommended,248820,21995248,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,C H I L L Y,"Beat the game on easy. Didnt want to replay it afterwards. Lots of content, but the gameplay doesnt feel very smooth and the characters are too small. Not my favorite. 5.5/10"
,Not Recommended,248820,19595858,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Enri-K,"Fun game when it worked, most of the time couldn't connect to friends game or vice-versa. Had the ports setup correctly and still could not get it to connect. So if you want to play single player get it, but if you want to play multiplayer good luck."
,Recommended,248820,7920515,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Feonir,"Like most roguelike games insanely hard to start off with though once you understand that kiting is the key and which items are worth to pick up the difficulty soon starts to slide off. Death is a guarentee in Risk of Rain, embrace it."
76561198099976847,Recommended,248820,20362890,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,W Silvermane,"""Bulwark of the Weak.""What are you? Weak or Strong? What will you become?Surpass that which stands in your way, break the wall. Play Risk of Rain."
76561198175203083,Recommended,248820,20162837,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Fly Fishing Rick,ori spose
,Recommended,248820,33508763,Posted: 13 July,all,monkena,i want pacman to eat my♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,248820,16284743,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Bæk,"This game gets repetitive, and it's still fun. What would you expect from a rogue-like?Oh, don't stand still for more than 15 seconds. You'll regret it."
76561198180033302,Recommended,248820,23295832,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Baron Von Bonbon XVIIII,"10?10 would die 1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 times again"
,Recommended,248820,20728940,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Something Hank,"Very, VERY reccomended. Multiple character classes, growing difficuly, multiple game-mutations to unlock, and DOZENS of powerups to find.You might play for three hours, gather HUNDREDS of items and become an explosive, health-genning, missile-firing, burning, super-speed, stunning, monster of DEATH that kills a boss in less than a second, and you're plowing through enemies by the HUNDREDS at a time. It will eventually get to the point where bosses are spawning FASTER than you can kill them. And you're still instantly-murdering them within a second with your godlike power, and gaining even MORE power from them.And finally, it happens. One small ♥♥♥♥up, and a wave of torrential hate ends your glorious run in one fell swoop.And it feels so. God. Damn. Incredible."
,Recommended,248820,8636462,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,CNHphoto,"A blend of Binding of Isaac and FTL. Every playthrough is unique and challenging. The difficulty scale with time elapsed, not levels completed so it puts a slight speedrun spin on it. And then the addition of co-op makes this a hell of a lot of fun. Definitely worth buying."
76561198114872877,Not Recommended,248820,22067606,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Youtube.com/UN1CORNassassin,This game is ok. The first time I played it I enjoyed it and I had fun but after 4 or 5 tries it just gets really repetative. I have no idea what the late game is like but I really don't want to repeat the same thing over and over just to find out. If you like rouge like games I guess you'd like this but otherwise just find something else to play.
76561198086796294,Recommended,248820,13300823,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Royal_Wolf_1996,"When I bought this I didn't know what to expect, when I played it at first I was unsure, I played it with my brother and it was 6 hours later and we were still playing it.This game has become one of my favorite games of all time.This game is crazy hard, yet it is some how never frusterating.There are a ton of charecters to choose from, however you have to unlock them.Items to unlock, tons of them.I've never got so much of a sense of acomplishment from unlocking things or beating a game as I did this one.A con I can think of is it is not *AS* fun solo as it is with some friends.And also sometimes the UI will cover the playerPros:*Rougue like*Super hard yet not frusterating*Many charecters all with very well made abilities*Many unique items like you have not seen in other games (War banner, get it early and set up a fort)*Local coop, for a guy with sucky internet, either LAN or local coop is fantastic. If a company wants to make it so I have to buy four copies fine but at least let me have local play*Tons of enemies*Crazy intense*Great replayabilityCons:-Solo is not as fun (As with most games)-A few items that suck (Gold plated bomb)-UI can cover the player sometimes (Not a big deal)-Shared gold with team (Only sucks if you have a jerk on your team)Buy this game, its cheap and it WILL become one of your favorites."
,Recommended,248820,10220354,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,LaserFerret,"Running this game off of wineskin windows steam, and it works fine, except for the fact that the FPS never goes above 15. If you're going to run this game on a mac, get a proper emulator. The only reason this isn't a downrate is because the game itself is quite fun, even if FPS issues happen to me. And a few other wine users. And plenty of people who run it normally."
76561197998048121,Recommended,248820,13762346,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,dorf,10/10 meh
76561198049508356,Recommended,248820,25265057,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,WIKKAM,"/be loader/get alien head/be weatherman/Sunny skies, no risk of rain."
76561198288053829,Recommended,248820,29327080,Posted: 17 January,all,Gio-Dough,is gud
,Not Recommended,248820,17014616,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,"its me yoshi-p, creator of ffxiv",It's alright I s'pose.
76561198042433412,Recommended,248820,7746610,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,lookatmeimaco,"Before I played this game, I never once had the urge to pet my pizza, now I do it almost everyday. This game is preetty gewd"
76561198248714336,Recommended,248820,28541745,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,lucky_charm888,Very addictive rogue-like.
,Recommended,248820,23956669,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Inspector Spacetime,"The problem is the denimation of truths told to us by our internet service providers to keep us integrated into fat folds and guyna-likes. To cause peace and togetherness of black holes in the universe. Just because we feel the same, remain silent when ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, or come from the same place from the smoke on the water"
,Recommended,248820,24468734,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,a weapon to surpass metal gear,"Probably one of the funnest rogue-likes I've ever played. Let's go down the list of Pros and then the consPros:-Kick♥♥♥♥♥sound track that will make any grown man weep with the pure delight that it is to listen to-Amazing gameplay that would slap any other rougue like in the face with its giant horse-like member and make them suck it-12 playable characters with all unique abilities so you can spend most of your time just playing your favourite one instead of learning the other characters abilities and moves-Wide array of items and power ups from giant space lasers that kill everything on screen to a ceremonial dagger that does the killing for you-6 artifacts that you have to hunt down first to use(good luck with the rng maps). These artifacts widely impact how you play the game so you can challenge yourself or make the game easier by choosing which items you want-Has local and online multiplayer so thats pretty coolCons:-You'll spend too much time playing this game as you have to do weird challenges to unlock each item, character and relic-Can't think of anything elseProbably one of my favourite games and probably one of the best soundtracks that has ever graced its presence near my ears(that soundtrack is like a gift from god I swear).... go buy it"
,Recommended,248820,27906799,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Slippery Chinese Spy,im pro at english so here i goes.fat ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥of a game that i cant stop comming back to as if i was in a drunken stooper in the heart of the red light district in amsterdam..there is a special place in my heart for it now.
,Recommended,248820,26948125,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Guij2,14 hours of gameplay and it haven't rained yet10/10 would risk again
,Recommended,248820,26279625,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Sub_Zero,8/10
,Not Recommended,248820,25879543,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,"Hello, my friend!","Some folks like challenge, and this would be good for them.  There's a bit too much here for me to enjoy it, though."
,Recommended,248820,16731550,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,nelse2,how do you do multiplayer
,Not Recommended,248820,20572447,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Cosbyette,"A slow, frustrating mess of pseudo-retro (read crappy) pixel graphics, uninspired level design and repetetive one-objective gameplay.Uninstalled."
,Recommended,248820,20665727,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Kavorik,Very fun and unique. Theres many different aspects to this game that make every play through a little different the last. The multiplayer is effecient and hassle free.
,Recommended,248820,19793733,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Dank,ran into a bird thing with a shoulder pad. it bit me.10/10 would be bitten again
,Recommended,248820,20673038,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,BolZ@rd™,k
76561198009201598,Recommended,248820,20793894,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Milton Waddams,A good game for rng people.
,Recommended,248820,20631911,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,The-Welcome-Matt,Cheap & fun
76561198065473601,Recommended,248820,20899151,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,The SquidMaster,It's a great game pretty difficult and challenging but that makes the game fun
,Recommended,248820,20646256,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,synVegas,Is on sale? Buy it!Not in sale? BUY IT!
,Recommended,248820,10762604,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Kamikazekripple,Only about an hour in and I love it
76561198040854384,Recommended,248820,14979493,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,WinfieldUWO,you can shoot things and make there ghosts fight. 10/10
76561198047758249,Recommended,248820,20245698,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Bem The Impaler,"I recommend this game highly.Pros:This  game has a lot of repeatability. A lot of items and build to collect.Enemies are procedurally generated. The difficulity keeps up with you as the time passes by, and alot of charcaters to practice & master.For me one game is on an average of 45mins - 1hr.This games is good for the Rouge Like enthusiasts and a perfect game while you're waiting for your mates.Cons:High risk for insomnia.Not good for the hypertensive.Will definiteley keep on playing this and hope for any future updates such as in-game stuffs and additions.9.5/10 - Buy it, while theres still the promo."
76561198060176572,Recommended,248820,17915155,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Shtoops,"Dustforce truly is a work of art. I don't mean that lightly. The way it's animated plus its music gives it that title in my book. I can find myself playing one level for an hour, maybe even hours at a time. The frustration of losing levels is filled with relaxation and calmness because of the ambient music. The way the levels are crafted is truly mindblowing. They had a system in which you had to perfect a level to earn a key, and you would use that key to earn more levels. In layman's terms, to earn more levels, you had to perfect current levels. They ditched that and added an XP system in which you gain more XP to earn a key the more levels you play and perfect. I'm very glad they added this system and was skeptical about buying it. But now that I did buy it, I do not regret it even for a second. One thing I really love about this game is how you don't have to unlock base levels. In a sense, this game is open world. That sense is that many levels are available to you, and you can choose whether you want to advance into more challenging levels, or stay where you're at. To get an S in completion, you have to sweep up EVERY leaf, and to get an S in Finesse, you have to maintain your combo throughout an entire level.Another thing I absolutely enjoy about Dustforce is its expasive community. There are lots of Community Workshop maps for you to sharpen your skills on, and lots of people who can set a good example. I'm sure most of the people who get best times on all the levels have a Youtube channel, so you can probably catch them there. The community may or not be active, but it sure is good and friendly.Overall, in terms of gameplay, music, artstyle, animation, and difficulty (it's not an easy game, but it's not that hard of a game either. It just depends on how much you want to play it), I rate this game:10/10BUY THIS GAME."
,Recommended,248820,16708667,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,☆LiL PEEP☆,"Who doesn't loved to be killed countless times in a row to just barely progress? I know I do! This games pretty fun actually.""Death/10"" -The Grim Reaper"
76561198055960550,Not Recommended,248820,19814855,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,OPDemiGod,"I didnt like the controls for this game very much, did you?"
,Recommended,248820,17717956,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Bob Vagene,"Risk of Rain is an action platformer with roguelike elements. With permanent death as a primary feature, players will have to play their best to get as far as possible. Fight on a mysterious planet with randomly spawning enemies and bosses, either alone or with 3 friends in online co-op. With over 100 items at your disposal, you will find the tools you need to find the teleporter back home. Discover a myriad of randomly chosen stages, from the desolate forest to the frozen tundra."
,Recommended,248820,29971397,Posted: 16 February,all,the dark forest,Very entertaining game with solid mechanics. I felt a lot of similarity to games like binding of isaac. It definitely can be difficult but is very fun when you get the hang of it. Definitely worth playing especially considering the low price point. The co-op was iffy as far as connections go but I feel as though the focus is solo play so I cannot fault it too much.
76561198028927197,Recommended,248820,26283875,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Tom,Fun
,Recommended,248820,26883838,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,H4ck 'n' Slash,It rains sometimes.
,Not Recommended,248820,29923051,Posted: 14 February,all,HsiN,"This game sucks in two big issues1. Screen UI too small, I can barely see any text. And screen resolution is stuck at 800x600.2. Cannot play multiplayer with friends. Even I try everything including Hamachi. It feel this game want player to unlock a new achievement name ""Unlock Multiplayer!"" through painful connecting process."
,Recommended,248820,29796557,Posted: 8 February,all,Phantum ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉ,10/10
,Recommended,248820,23334489,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,General Jeff,"Just an overall great game, I\'d recommend it to all my friends if anyone except Jared had any ♥♥♥♥ing skill (or less than 5sec reaction time) with games like this."
,Recommended,248820,27229250,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,A Goddess called Ebola Chan,"If you like a challange, then this is a game for you. With the more time = harder gamemode system you are bound to have a hard time suviving"
,Not Recommended,248820,29849287,Posted: 11 February,all,Jorgen,I'm pretty upset. My copy of risk of rain isn't saving. I unlock so many characters and I don't play on Drizzle yet it never saves.
76561198064203806,Recommended,248820,8568671,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Assbepis,A top tier rougelike with an amazing soundtrack.Aim for the Glass artifact for maximum fun.
,Recommended,248820,7990782,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,doogi,"This game always uses up an hour of my time when i launch it, they fixed the multiplayer which is great and the game has steady updates, they release characters every now and then. The game is just a good time killer."
,Recommended,248820,8547604,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,EEJ,This game is 꿀잼
76561198087841381,Recommended,248820,12280234,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,ッ Paranoia ッ,GOOD GAME
,Recommended,248820,10591381,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,レムマジ天使,This is like Dark Souls but 2D
,Recommended,248820,10388745,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Kermit Fucker,this game is harder than the♥♥♥♥♥♥of the father of my unborn brother
76561198046425982,Recommended,248820,7814892,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Tontine,"An insanely fun game, especially if you enjoyed binding of isaac"
,Recommended,248820,7875399,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Bernie Sanders,THIS GAME IS AMAZING. YOU NEED TO BUY IT NAOWWWWWWWWWWW.
,Recommended,248820,7798683,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,WAFFLES,Fun but not for the ones that like to take it easy.
,Recommended,248820,7784336,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Lemmu,5/5
,Recommended,248820,7786288,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Eetzhe,"Simple, fun and incredibly addictive."
,Recommended,248820,7786962,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Patches,My go to rouge like. Combat is tight.
76561198042937558,Recommended,248820,7796750,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,alex,This game is really fun. Some what like binding of Issac but more Sci-FI ish. Definatly worth 10 bucks.
76561198046738196,Recommended,248820,9100841,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Cultist Sex Monkey,"Frame rate drops significantly throughout course of playing and apears to be no way to fix it, making the game slow and sluggish needs updating(edit)Game now runs smoothly and is playable"
76561198060622168,Recommended,248820,9104593,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Platinummatthew,Better Than Crack 8.8/10
,Recommended,248820,9075287,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Zeruke,Really Facking Good. Reccomended 100% if you love difficult but overall Awesome Games.
,Recommended,248820,9078960,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,HellBoy,this game is amazing but very challenging good for allnighters or just quick gaming sessions in love with this game
76561198071247852,Recommended,248820,8903888,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,#kony 2012 (hexblade),super fun must get for only 10 bucks
,Recommended,248820,8660418,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Kanye West,2 esay. dis gam beet in lyke 5 minute
76561198073260500,Recommended,248820,7619071,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,GoodGuyPilot,"Its a really fun rpg hack and loot game, a very HARD one at that. recommend this to people who like platformer shooters."
,Recommended,248820,15195992,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Andromeda,asdf
76561198146348314,Recommended,248820,28706750,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Aronm6,This game is SO hard but SO fun. You start out knowing nothing but you can easily watch 1 or 2 playthroughs on youtube. The combat and rondomness of this game is what got me hucked. I would 100% recomend this game.
76561197991237618,Not Recommended,248820,32020345,Posted: 28 May,all,unarmedelephant,The game is not very rewarding as the gameplay is very basic.  It does not have alot of choice for pgrogress and the progression is very simple for every character.  You grab all the items you can so you can survive .. not alot of skill .. just spamming abilties and if you have enouh items you win.  If you do not have enough items you lose.The gameplay does not change from the beginning to the end.  Also the side scrolling world is limiting and the enemies atack patterns are also limited by the world.Dull and tedious.Flamebreak is a much better similiar game that has more intersting fights and forces you to make REAL choices instead of just crossing your fingers and hoping you get lucky.
,Recommended,248820,15231766,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Spa1n7lex,Great game
,Recommended,248820,20654545,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Blight,"Bought Risk of Rain when it was on sale... One of the best decisions i've ever made. If you're like me and like a challenging game that kind of tilts the tables of progress and difficulty, then this might just be the game for you. I never really got into platformers, always felt they were a bit too slow for me on gameplay but this game brings a fresh new look on platformers. First off, choose your survivor with unique abilities. Load one of the first maps which are random, find items, level up, and make sure to find the teleporter. Activate the teleporter and be ready for a HEAVY enemy wave filled with loads of mininons and as well a massive boss. Once clearing out all enemies, escape through the portal. Now, I know that sounds a bit linear but, what this game has going for it is that the longer you look around looting for items, the harder the game gets. It's up to you to figure out how will you be managing your time. Loot too long, enemies become ever more O.P., rush through the level and be ready to be unprepared for what the game will throw your way next. Did I mention that it's 4-player co-op? Online and local 4 player co-op are what makes this game really shine. Grab some mates, suit up as different characters, get out of the escape pod and take your first steps on this alien planet, gather items, and prepare yourselves to fight back to back against the unforgiving hordes of aliens that want nothing more to see you fall. Oh almost forgot, once you die, it's GAME OVER... G.L."
,Not Recommended,248820,31993100,Posted: 27 May,all,LeonGoNL,"Most annoying game ever.I like the whole game, and 2 times I reached world 3. But it is impossible to get any further because:The 2 times i came there, I got STUCK INSIDE THE WALL with even no option to die, so my RECORD WASN'T SAVED."
76561198126504494,Recommended,248820,28682241,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,panasane,really hard really good (i like it like that). #betterthannuclearthronexddd
,Recommended,248820,13703136,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,♒Socks♒,I LOVE this game 8/8 gr8 r8 m8
76561198070713261,Recommended,248820,13731639,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Christophe Blanc,I love risk of rain I hope they make a RISK OF RAIN 2
,Recommended,248820,11316442,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Timmeheueh,Risk of Rain is the first game that gave me the immediate urge to smash my screen... I love it!
,Recommended,248820,8275453,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Zaptross,I have and continue to recommend this game to anyone and everyone who can purchase it. It is incredibly fun and I think its going to be my most played game on steam very soon. Infinity/10
,Recommended,248820,14151487,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Echoes and Specters,I used to complain about Dark Souls being difficult. So then I tried Risk of Rain.Now Dark Souls seems comparatively easy.
76561197988660142,Recommended,248820,8725800,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Cubamus Prime,"One of the best Indie Games I ever played in recent times..The game is so addicting..I cannot put it down. Lots of characters to  unlock with different abilities..The art is spectacular, the level design is great and the soundtrack is amazing...9/10"
,Recommended,248820,10697967,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,megupets,"best game i have played in a long time. The music , art ..everything makes me wanna keep playing. Kudos"
76561198164567038,Recommended,248820,24493219,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,StereotypicDaemon,pepe is amused
,Recommended,248820,7976967,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Tsuken,"This game is a LOT of fun.Don't let the low-ish metacritic score fool you. If you put the time and effort into getting the characters, as well as the unlocks, it becomes a lot of fun. Up until that point it's a bit rage-inducing, as the starting class is rather bad at survival. But the game is like Binding of Isaac. There's a learning curve, but if you can manage your way past it you'll be just fine."
76561198086407939,Recommended,248820,14222162,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Nosebeers,"9/10 Binding of Isaac in space with more items and more characters, each with unique abilities.  Chef is my fav"
76561198103919658,Not Recommended,248820,13559571,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Almostward,I bought this to play with a friend. Sadly that didn't work out since the multiplayer is sort of broken. Only play if you want to play a hard game by yourself.
,Recommended,248820,15198057,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,mesa176750,"Do you think you understand? Nope, prepare to die."
,Recommended,248820,15200635,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Maxemoos,"got rekt by lizard people,I r8 8/8 m8s"
,Recommended,248820,10054537,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Blackbird,thr is a risk of casul in this gam if u play with nubsplay on ur own tbhok
,Recommended,248820,23910597,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,(O.W.N) Platypus God,"I hit for 600% of my base damage, which explodes, heals me, launches missles, and slows enemies.If I kill something, my cooldowns reset, they explode, light the ground on fire, summon a ghost that helps me and explodes when it disappears, launches orbs at enemies, and gives me an icicle barrier.I can also go invisible and dodge everything.I fell in lava and died.10/10 would contemplate suicide over and over again."
,Not Recommended,248820,9933339,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,arnzzz,"wow, just wow. Probably the buggiest game i have in my library of over 300 games lol.Whenever I turn on Gamepad support it freaks out and flashes and the menus start going crazy.This needs fixing, but im not sure it will be, I mean its Game Maker!! not exactly the best engine around!"
,Recommended,248820,14993352,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Weird Person,"SUCH A GREAT GAME!!! Its probably easy to handle for low grade PCs, especially if you avoid some items you don't necessarily need to progress. There is a great range of chracters to choose from with very different capabilitys and item combinations and if your looking for enemy descriptive lore, this is a great pick, you can get tons of records of monsters and usually when your character first meets them, describing the aura and danger they propose! Also, THE MERCENARY IS THE BEST!!! STRIVE FOR THE MERCENARY!! :D"
76561198039875956,Recommended,248820,31714005,Posted: 12 May,all,Taco Cat,Step 1:Kill♥♥♥♥♥♥Step 2:Get items to kill♥♥♥♥♥♥fasterStep 3 :Repeat Step 1.
,Recommended,248820,17166214,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,fuinha,"Unlimited gameplay, an overall amazing game."
,Recommended,248820,8887489,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,lavantant,"Amazing game.Replay;No two playthroughs are exactly the same, and there are a ton of strategies people have for the game, from rushing through it, to farming for levels and items, to in between. to can try to kite, you can blast through groups, you can dodge around just attacking at standstills, etc etcI'd give it about a9/10Balance;While some items may seem vastly over or underpowered, they all are generally on equal ground, and most of the time you get an item or a class you dont feel cheated out of a great oppertunity for something better. whereas on the other hand the items that seem very very powerful arent always as great as they seem, the general consensus is that the item that reduces cooldowns(alien head) is the best, but lots of people dont even want itI'd give it a8/10Soundtrack;I loved the soundtrack for the game, and would listen to any of the songs on their own.I'd give it a10/10Learning curve;Well, heres where the game falls through a bit, many people have a very hard time getting to the final boss on even the esiest difficulty, and if you play on easy your game does not save progress, and is therefore only good for training you up to get to higher levels.I'd give it7.5/10Art/Atmosphere;Amazing pixel art, and it all feels like it belongs.I'd give it a8/10Overall I'd give the game a 9/10 because of how much fun it is to play, even when you die you never feel like you can really blame the game, you always know what you did wrong and how you can fix it."
,Not Recommended,248820,12783880,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Bettywhite,they can't code for sh*t and if the game freezes after you beat it you lose all your unlocksthanks for the beta test
76561198023095542,Not Recommended,248820,19096680,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,R401JL,"This game is too punishing.  It looks great, sounds great, plays great and it's great fun but the difficulty is just too much."
76561198042120701,Recommended,248820,7906704,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,l.,"Supprisingly fun, Risk of Rain bowls you over, picks you up, and then proceeds to punch you in the face. You die on the 3rd level easy mode, 2nd normal, and barely make it two minutes into the game on hard. It pushes your pro MLG platforming skills to the next level, and the controls are absolutely brilliant, yet you still manage to screw yourself over. Risk of Rain is good with friends but still challenging. Do you want a game that is hard and isnt Dark Souls? Try Risk of Rain, its hard, but good."
,Recommended,248820,7801365,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Blarghfish,"Incredibly fun and very intense. One of the key aspects is the game becoming harder the longer you stay alive, which means it starts off slow for you to get used to your character. You better get acclimated quick though because the longer you stay alive, the harder it becomes to keep it that way. If you do ended up dying, then that's it for your character, got to start all over. This game will keep you on your toes and keep you in serious time, because lets face it. Perma death is no joke. If you like to be on the edge of your seat, vying to stay alive, while becoming progessivly more badass doing so, this game is definitely for you."
,Recommended,248820,9058860,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Ferjer,"Very good game, especially given the price. Co-op is really fun and there's a good amount of replayability with the random items, and unlocking new ones/classes."
76561198060973562,Not Recommended,248820,13159594,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Yrureadnmyname,"insane randomly generated frustration. Great take on the rogue like genre, with amazing item combonations and hours ofreplayability.Now if the multiplayer actually worked worth a damn id say it was a must own, till that gets fixed though it's just a pretty good game."
76561198008786420,Recommended,248820,11113733,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Ormy,What is not to love about this survival game!
76561198022675945,Recommended,248820,9998860,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Superfly,"Strangely beautiful and addictive. It doesnt take long to get used to the tiny, graphics style, and coupled with the Radiohead style music , it really becomes an imersive game.  The problem for me with this game is that you cannot save a game.Each game is started from the begining, level 1. Some people will probably love that, but for me it makes the game not a very practical choice, time wise, unless i just want to aimlessly shoot stuff for a bit.  Would be great if it had another play mode where saves are possible, maybe it could disable the achievments when activated? However for the price and the experience, I would recomend it, so long as your aware of its short commings."
76561198066525765,Recommended,248820,8024104,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Disco,Risk of Rain at a glance looks blah....but after playing it...its very addicting. If it wasnt for dota I would have way  more hours on this. I love how there are so many different characters to unlock inwhich all plays different. High ly Recommend it.
,Recommended,248820,17803155,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Pootis Spencer,goddamn adictive
76561197996017805,Recommended,248820,23058712,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Venge,"Nice game, but do u have some srevers where i can play with ppl?"
,Recommended,248820,10596035,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Patrick with a Party Horn,:O
,Recommended,248820,31941570,Posted: 24 May,all,RealFuckingNito,"Honestly, one of the best games I have ever played. I have so many fun memories playing this with friends just screwing around. The game can get ridiculously difficult while at the same time making you ridiculously OP and that doesn't even make sense but it leads to some pretty entertaining moments. If you have a friend or three and just want to kill a few hours trying to get that little bit farther than the last run until you reach the ultimate satisfaction of kicking the final boss's♥♥♥♥♥ I highly recommend this game. It's just the right level of difficulty with plenty of ways to make the game easier if you want to and know what you're doing.TL;DR10/10 great fun with friends and ""finally beat that damn Dark Souls boss"" level of statisfaction."
76561198082532552,Recommended,248820,8037584,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,memedaddy,Very fun game. Challenging yet rewarding at the same time.
,Recommended,248820,7636767,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Mandela Effect,"Brilliant all around, highly recommended. Love the visual style and the music in this game."
,Recommended,248820,33253083,Posted: 4 July,all,Stunobo,.
,Recommended,248820,20751151,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,pooks,"Its really hard(!)Yet amazing,"
,Recommended,248820,26126718,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Don Piano,Excellent. Excelente.
,Recommended,248820,18203206,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,ihave7penis,Fantastic game. You might think that having to restart is too much of a pain. It's not; the game is much too varied to become boring. BUY AND INSTALL IMMEDIATELY.
76561198086953670,Recommended,248820,12906477,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Steven,Do yourself a favor and buy this game and play it for hours and days until you have vision problems and carpal tunnel.
,Recommended,248820,13340471,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,🍁 ♣ B.C.Gamer ♣ 🍁,"It's pretty greatDon't really need to write a good review when you can see all the positive reviews total and the negatives totalIt's metascore is pretty accurateOver 10k good reviews and less than half a thousand bad ones, just buy the game already!!!"
,Not Recommended,248820,18588109,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,happycarrot50,"A boring survival game, even if you play it with friends. It has quite a bit of challenge which is nice, but it really did bore me. The art style also disgusts me, maybe that was it's purpose but I just hate it.5/15 - ""Ugly and boring"""
,Not Recommended,248820,14491311,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,я|F /Offline,It's aite.
,Recommended,248820,9085305,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,SyrianSloth,"*cough cough* Thou gamith is exellantayIn this little game, you first play as a little commando, a little guy with guns, who can dive to the side to avoid all incoming damage for a short while, shoot his guns rapidly, shoot his gun normally, and then theres one other move i forget.Now this isnt your only character, you have to unlock the rest however, with hard little challenges like ""beat the final boss 5 times in total"" or ""summon 40 turrets in total"" stuff like that, however each character is different, some having high defence but moves slowly, some that are quick but have low defenceNow my favorite part, the ITEMS, this arent normal items like ""health up, def' up, ect."" These are items like ""do more damage when you have more money"" and imagine that item combined with this one ""recieve money over time"", now you are pregressivley doing more damage.Your chances of killing are too da** high!, what may seem like a thousand monsters, you can end up killing in seconds, one monster can kill you in seconds, whatch that health bar my friend!Bosses... the bosses may seem ginormous, but using your moves with strateegery (stra-tee-jer-ee) may end up saving your life.Animations, they look fantasticGame is greatBatteries sold seperatleyMust be 92 years of age or olderOrder today, and it will come 22 years from now!have a good day."
,Recommended,248820,9299813,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,girlac,"Very difficult, yet strangly addicting. A rogue like survival that gets harder every moment. Definitely worth the price and worth playing."
,Recommended,248820,34469275,Posted: 24 August,all,TheMainVeztex,Permadeath. Pixel graphics. Great Soundtrack.10/10 Great GameThere is no rain. The only rain is your tears of pain and frustration
76561198075236604,Recommended,248820,34471201,Posted: 24 August,all,Jboko124,dope
,Recommended,248820,8452243,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,GuffPapiFresco,"Risk of Rain is a very challenging, but very rewarding game with lots to unlock and discover. It is one of the best games I have played within the last few years."
,Recommended,248820,20102791,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Tunloink,"I found myself saying 2 phrases mostly while playing this;1. NO, PLEASE DONT!And2. I have to be dead how am I alive?!"
,Recommended,248820,19538451,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Halkyn,I LOVE THIS GAME. With the time I have spent on it I can shurely say MORE WORTHY OF MY TEN DOLLARS THEN ANY OTHER GAME IN EXISTANCE!!!! 11/10 F***ING AMAZING.
76561198121286161,Recommended,248820,18359146,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Bobafe,Fajne
,Recommended,248820,19500708,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,iSmile02,There's no actual risk of rain.
,Recommended,248820,12690628,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,sugarsnsalts,Very in-depth rogue-like with so many things to do.  You will spend more hours in this game than you think.
,Recommended,248820,12701911,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,TrUeJiM mk VI,You will die alot /sadomassochist10/10
,Recommended,248820,12702138,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,JazzDeath,"You love roguelikes.You love hard as nail game, tons of shiny, tasty item drops, crazy combos...And now, you can enjoy all that online, with multiplayer co-op!10 000/10 best ♥♥♥♥ing game"
,Recommended,248820,12700307,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,=Sticky=,"Want to feel like a monster slaying god in what is a twisted mashup of a bullet hell, side-scrolling rougelike?BUY. THIS. GAME.One of the few issues I have with it is a lack of easy multiplayer support.Pick up hamachi, evolve, or figure out how to port forward/open your router.Also sometimes when playing multiplayer there can be some really weird lag issues but that comes mostly from whoever is hosting and the connection to the other player.I don't just recommend this game.I DEMAND that you pick it up."
76561198045089899,Recommended,248820,23317471,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,☆Stexse,Fun rougelike game! Many hours of gameplay and never gets old. Tons of content!
76561198271420673,Recommended,248820,23408356,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,DonPerignon,"TL,DR: Best Rogue like I ever played. I think my longest run was 5 hours"
,Recommended,248820,33919828,Posted: 30 July,all,Papa ecksdee,Best rouge-like ever made
,Recommended,248820,33771728,Posted: 24 July,all,Old Uncle Skeeter,My leg mutated into a goat hoof
76561198110840877,Recommended,248820,16806899,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Big Green Mean Meme Machine,"This game is pure fun... I love it more than Magicite (still a good game though). I just feel that this game is to brutal to it's beginners, other than that this game is fun, replayability is also available, but many of the level's layout is the same. Creative items and Artifacts help enhance the game. Overall really good game 8.6/10."
,Recommended,248820,15203759,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Lueshie [GorePixelGames],"This is  illuminati the game , you get what i mean? :PIts got an addictive feel to it , everytime i said i hate this game becuase of deaths i immediatly picked it back up , it appeals to a curious nature and a compettative nature. 8/10"
76561198065534670,Recommended,248820,31208589,Posted: 17 April,all,[VAV] Hen,Never really understood it
76561198298541554,Recommended,248820,31210839,Posted: 17 April,all,Mrbeefcurta1ns,RIDICULOUSLY HARD
,Recommended,248820,9903716,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Lyfflyn,"This game is great. It was a big challenge to beat the first time but once you did it it was a great feeling. It took about an hour to beat my first time but it was really fun and worth it. If youre thinking about buying it, do it."
,Recommended,248820,25658094,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Dmitri Negus,"This is a surprisingly good, fun and addicting game. I got this on sale was very very cheap to play along with some friends in another country, and even with the hyping difference between us this game was still very playable and still very much enjoyable.This game is very fun if you can get a few friends together to play with even if they are in different countries. Ping isn't really an issue in this game unless it goes over the 1000 ms mark. If you have okay Internet and an okay host this game will probably be just fine for you.Also this game works very well with the local Co-op using controllers plugged into your PC and it's pretty fun for a couch co-op game."
76561197973096439,Recommended,248820,9081181,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Antlergroin,More like Risk of PAIN ahuehuehuehuaehuehauhuaehuahuehuahueuheuhe8/10 due to lack of floppy phalluses
,Recommended,248820,24977515,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,merk boi ˣᴰ,"The Game is EXTREMELY FUN, especially once you get far into a run.It's very fun to play single player but even better with friends.I really recommend it, it deserves twice it's price of how good this game is, and it's also very addictive and you don't even notice how fast the time flies by with this game.Please go buy the game and support the developers, they deserve it!"
,Recommended,248820,33143887,Posted: 2 July,all,ｘａｆ,"Good game, try it :3"
76561198066135987,Not Recommended,248820,19948662,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Rikashey,Bought it and tried to play it but there was some sort of slow motion bug that made the game unplayable.Developers said they were going to update the game with the newest engine of whatever one they were using and that it would fix this problem.They promised to update it the next month but it didn't come for at least a few months down the road or more.Steam refused to refund me the game since this was before the current refund policy and this game went to the pit of hell that is my games library.
,Recommended,248820,15750900,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,{Git Gud} Sandro,I hate 2d platformers and this game is only one i like if you love strategising and shooting hordes of enemies then you should get this non stop action and very fun game
,Recommended,248820,13490498,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,SwagMemes,"This game is the most fun I've had in a long time. It can be very infuriating but also very rewarding. Love the music, love the character design, and the dialogue and lore is really neat to. Super fun to play, worth a ton more than 10 dollars in my opinion."
,Recommended,248820,18598206,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Skrewex,This game is alot of fun and will be like that.The only problem I had is that when I got into the game I played it so much that it just got easy.But it's a good game. Buy it.
,Recommended,248820,31265993,Posted: 20 April,all,Kolliso,pretty noice
76561198045823301,Recommended,248820,31249316,Posted: 19 April,all,LFuzz,One of the best platformers I've ever played hands down
,Recommended,248820,13358636,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Nabisco Inferno,"A PC shooter to stand head-to-head with DOOM and Wolfenstein. Risk of Rain is a phenominal game that promises hours upon hours of fun and challenging gameplay. A perfect game for completionists: lots of items, playable characters and secrets to unlock."
76561198047115518,Not Recommended,248820,28889941,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ุ,"The game is okay, but it's crashes. I haven't been able to get passed the sixth stage because the game has crashed everytime I got there wasting about 2hrs of gameplay."
,Recommended,248820,13263181,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,✅C✅O✅O✅L✅D✅U✅D✅E,Risk of Rain is a fun rouge like with great michanic... it is kwl I suck at it ok but it is amazing
,Recommended,248820,26617454,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,[SAMPLETEXT],Wow im bad.
,Recommended,248820,16846196,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Will the Librarian,"Michael Bay approves.<<12/10>>Too much Explosions, but its cool like that, huh?-IGN"
76561198179965903,Not Recommended,248820,15281065,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,grpeh1982,This game is totally crap. If you want a game with ATARI graphics with the difficulty of ninja gaiden (old-sch) then get this and put on your try hard panties. A TOTAL waste of money. Worst game I ever played in 6 yrs.
,Recommended,248820,26624989,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Underworld,I LOVE IT.
,Recommended,248820,15467102,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,[Benjamin.,"A very fun, but tough game.  I find you can only play it for one life at once - not something you can put hours and hours into in one session if you keep dying; which makes it a somewhat frustrating learning curve. The item randomness can be extremely annoying aswell though that can be fixed in game with an artifact.A very gripping soundtrack adds to the tense fun of this roguelike.For all its frustrations and faults it just pure fun the whole way through - a must have IMO.8/10"
76561198011270698,Recommended,248820,29704073,Posted: 4 February,all,ＳùƤǝŘ ŜℙỮＤ,GG all that needs to be said.
,Recommended,248820,29720753,Posted: 5 February,all,DELIGHTFUL,best game ever.
76561198196793754,Recommended,248820,21235249,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Whos Straight In This Economy?,"Gets to final boss on first run with Acrid.Uses the highly sohpisitcated strategy of standing on a ladder so he cant hit me and running like hell when the purple magic stuff comes.Pausing time to slap 10,000+ damage on him every thirty seconds.Complains to myself why the wurms dont stop on pause time but presses on anyway.Gets final form down to 5,000 health.Jumps off ladder too soon and dies instantly.10,000/5,000 would screw up again.(Beat him couple runs later as huntress)"
76561198047451613,Recommended,248820,20772622,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Scarlet Panther,Dark Souls: Pixel Edition
,Recommended,248820,7791536,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Jäger,"Hardcore Survival 2D Platformer, 10 Classes and lots of customization build items... 9.5/10*"
,Recommended,248820,8023222,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,JD Slidemaster,Best Game Ever Made
76561197976555566,Recommended,248820,15628706,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,richdog,"Amazingly addictive game. Seriously you will be up nights trying to get the achievements and unlockables. Took a ""risk"" on this when it came out despite the crappy trailer, and have loved it ever since. I see this routinely for sale and highly recommend picking it up. It is very worth the 10$ price as you could easily put 100 hours into the super deep and random gameplay. I would put this one up with Binding of Isaac for its random goodness and addictive nature as you try to have the perfect ""run"".  A few negatives:  Some of the items toward the end seem not worth the effort to get. And some of the characters you find later on arent that great either. Finding the artifacts is fun and challenging but can break the game pretty easily with them as they can overpower you.Will have the difficulty meter laugh at me again  10/10"
,Recommended,248820,11845139,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,JoeJoeFine,"I TRIED this game when it came out, and played like a hundred hours of it. I bought it on steam to support the developers. Cool game."
,Recommended,248820,7706281,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,under water,This is fun friends lets play.
76561197996231767,Recommended,248820,28799732,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Phroedde,"This game delivers simple elegance from it's fabulous pixel art to the fantastic ambient soundtrack. Yes, it can be brutal, and yes it can be unfair, but it's marked rogue-like for a reason. With 4 moves plus a optional use item, Risk of Rain delivers gameplay that is quick and simple, yet surprisingly strategic. Manage your cooldowns and choose your attacks carefully or you will be taunted. Use your time wisely, or that next boss might be tougher than all those shiny pick-ups.With a sizeable crew of unlockable characters and a wide array of unlockable items, it'll keep you saying ""Just one more round!"" It gets even better when you round up some friends for coop and pit your squad against an army of alien threats.This game is a retro throwback. Tough gameplay, little plot and simple graphics, but beautifully combined. Take the time to read the item and monster logs and you'll see this game is more than it first appears."
76561198064484633,Recommended,248820,28776907,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Klono,"I mean, anger and happiness in one, what more to ask?"
,Recommended,248820,28568663,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Rukrio,"Good game. i suggest picking up ""Special Delivery"", to get more bang for your buck, but as it is? good game on it's own. some things to know:-Vanilla Risk of Rain has multiplayer. Special Delivery does not, at least not yet.-Special Delivery REQUIRES Vanilla to play.-Both are hella fun, but you will die numerous times.-i mean it. you will die.-each char has thier own skills. Commando sits as an all rounder, Acrid is good at Crowd Control, Sniper is a boss killer, ETC ETC-co-op is not permadeath. if even one player survives, the entire team is rezzed at the next level."
,Recommended,248820,23419928,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,TranslucentLeaf,"Very fun game. For my first rogue-like game, I didn't get bored by the repetitiveness. The artifact system and unlockable items make sure that your effort in the game isn't wasted when you die. I also like how some of the achivements are linked to the unlockable items, which may give more purpose."
,Recommended,248820,23459482,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,MrMarki ░,"Hellish fun that will make you feel like a thorn got stuck up your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ everytime you die.""9""/10 - The ""9"" because my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ still hurts (͡ ͡° ͜ つ ͡͡°)"
,Recommended,248820,23468957,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,StanleYDG,"This game embodies everything I love about Indie Rouge Lites. A good challenge, great soundtrack and overall amazing replay value. Highly Recommend this game"
,Recommended,248820,23460875,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,meWIN,"This is an amazingly fun game! As a couch co-op the dificulty spikes, but it still manages to be entertaining.Suffer a bit because all carachters are too tiny and some look much alike - so you will end up confusing your character with someone else's in the party.I really recomend the soundtrack - you can listen to it on bandcamp and - honestly - I recomend buying it too.Jogasso!!! Fica bem dificil de jogar em grupo, mas continua muito bom. Personagens pequenos e parecidos vão causar problemas pois você vai confundir o seu personagem com o de outra pessoa.Uma das melhores trilhas sonoras de games ever.original:https://chrischristodoulou.bandcamp.com/album/risk-of-rainremix:https://chrischristodoulou.bandcamp.com/album/risk-of-rain-engineer-edition"
,Recommended,248820,23428055,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,TDNDrop,spends entire life playing this game and never makes it to the 2nd world
76561198105549932,Recommended,248820,23432779,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Tempirius,"Really fun game; it's a very hard(like, your hair will start thinning from all the hair you'll be pulling out of your head), but as you progress and gain interesting and cool characters, it gets pretty great."
76561197999361744,Recommended,248820,23446763,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,WeSpidersNow,"Consistantly a game I keep coming back to.It's one of those games where even getting started is a massive skillwall, but understanding it and unlocking some of the modifiers and characters and new items opens up massive opportunities for crazy experiences- I'd almost compare it to Nuclear Throne in that respect, if not in the actual gameplay itself.I find multiplayer to be a bit weak- there's no real benefit to having teammates given that most of the games skillset revolves around navigating the maps/hordes of enemies. Having a teammate just sort of adds to the noise that you're already dealing with.Aside from that, though, phenominal. Fun, challenging, simple but stylish visuals, and shall I call it an auditory delight? Why not. One of the things the game gets absolutely right is sound effects carrying the weight of what you expect them to and music that enhances rather than distracts from the experience."
,Recommended,248820,25341470,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,WildEggnog,Sucks to suck.Try again?>Try again. 11/10
,Recommended,248820,7978715,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Bulwark,"Really great game, Highly reccomend it."
76561198092668945,Recommended,248820,13617309,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,PointofImpact,Me and my brother wasted a vacation playing this game and beat it. 10/10 would waste hours of my day again
,Recommended,248820,32932775,Posted: 28 June,all,ZipherDowns,Risky buy
76561198111412151,Recommended,248820,33020520,Posted: 29 June,all,MeltingExplodesBloodily,This was worth the $2.49 I spent on it by a longhsot!
76561198023825785,Recommended,248820,33031939,Posted: 30 June,all,HamsterChew,Pretty Good
76561198305257402,Not Recommended,248820,30574321,Posted: 17 March,all,Slotrounus,"NOTE: This is indeed a good game. but I keep experiencing a bug in which my data won't save at all, and my save data was reset. if this is not resolved. i would reccomend saving your money.i used to play this game whenever i had a chance, but i had taken a break from it, when I came back after a while to find my data gome,i was reluctant to play again,but I did. and then next I played, my data was gone.please.resolve this issue."
,Recommended,248820,11716331,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,██████,It doesn't even rain
,Recommended,248820,23622124,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,sumotsunami,Well... NOW I have gotten 100% completion :P
,Recommended,248820,20046512,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,wew,"This game is insanely hard. If you're looking for a fun game where you can kick back, grab your controller, and die a lot, this is the game for you. With over 10 different completely unique characters and over 50 competely unique items, the gameplay stays fresh and exciting. I recently made it to the last level for the first time, and let me tell you. Late game, Risk of Rain becomes one of the mostjaw droppingist, kick-assiest, mind-blowingist, monster bashingist, curb-stompingistexperiences on steam period. A must have for fans of rogue-likes/ indie games in general.10/10 game."
,Recommended,248820,31941684,Posted: 24 May,all,KrudlerTheHorse,Look at my play time.  This for around $2 a year ago.And I'm still enjoying it and finding new things to do.
,Recommended,248820,13746730,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Kipados,"Immensely difficult, immensely fun, and immensely addicting, Risk of Rain is easily my surprise favorite game of the season. I have easily put in 22 hours since I bought it during the holiday sale, and I've been playing a lot of co-op as well. Unfortunately, the game uses direct IP connect for multiplayer and zero mod support, but other than that and some latency, I've had no issues with it. You unlock something on every playthrough, even tens of hours later. The characters are unique and play very differently from one another, synergizing well with different skills. Artifacts (togglable game modifiers) are an interesting touch that change the game too. Risk of Rain is easily worth your time, and remember to play with a controller."
76561197970651239,Not Recommended,248820,7723736,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,Delanov,Good idea. Poor execution.
,Recommended,248820,23868225,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Chiken | Gamdom.com,Brings back the Arcade and sNes feeling. 10/10 for music and gameplay but story is kinda unclear that gets a 6/10 from me!
,Recommended,248820,25522800,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Lucas K,"Risk of Rain is a shining gem in the vast coal mine of indie games. It's unique, challenging, and most importantly, fun as hell. You can spend tons of hours on the game and never quite get tired of it, mainly because every single playthrough is different. Each level is randomly generated, the game has tons of different items to discover, and there are several different characters you can use, each with their own unique abilities and play styles. Also, the soundtrack is pretty damn good, too. I simply cannot recommend this game highly enough.Oh, and by the way, to maximize your enjoyment, buy the game for your friends and try out multiplayer. You'll thank me later."
76561198128164719,Recommended,248820,22461701,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Vexon,This game is amazing 200+ barb wire on two players Killed the bosses in around 2 seconds
76561198057030986,Recommended,248820,23531118,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,ShippudenGaming,Very fun casual game to play if you're into games like Binding of Isaac
,Recommended,248820,10682921,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,A Large Wallaby,"[REVISED] I take it back, I was just nub.This game has smackloads of content and every character has a unique and enjoyable play style.One of the better Roguelikes out there, and a hundred + times better than its resulting title, Starbound."
76561198143796660,Recommended,248820,20326257,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Monkeywrench,One of the best platformers I have ever played. It is insanely difficult the further you get and never stops for a second.
76561198073870542,Recommended,248820,20207083,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Abnormal Mustard,K
,Recommended,248820,20423417,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,George,
76561198072392174,Not Recommended,248820,20496835,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,HotDog Kid,"Risk of Rain is one of those games where u can sit down with your friends (i only have 3 so party space filled up) and this is a very fun game to play in honesty. I have put about  6+ hours into this game and it was a fun 6+ hours. The game has multiple levels, a pretty clear objective and overall weapon and enemy AI balancing so you cant make the complaint ""geez this boss is so OP"" or ""This character is so easy he does 9 billion damage"" (NOTE: no character does 9 billion damage) but there are some PROS and CONS this game has.PROS:-Pretty balanced game- Fairly simple objective- Easy to use controls-Gets harder and harder the more you progress hence making the game balanced-Pretty fun death notes appear ""Rekt"" ""You consider changing the diffictuly""CONS:- Game has no new characters or DLC's upcoming (atleast to my knowledge)-No other game mode except for the basic ""Find the teleporter""- Only has a player cap of 4- Once your dead, your dead for the level and needing to wait 5+ minutes for whoever is alive to finish the level- Have to install softwares to make a server (or do some complicated way)Overall this game is fun for a few hours but dies quickly because it becomes the same old same old, so i dont recommend only because its not that long lasting game, its the 1 day pony ideal."
,Recommended,248820,20245449,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Sanctity,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I'm bad at this..
,Recommended,248820,20508903,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Holy Diver,"This game is tough, but fun. I reved it up this weekend for the second time. The game was much harder than we remember from our first play through last year. I'm not certain, but it seems local co-op was tougher than online co-op. Additionally I forgot we were playing on ""Easy"" previously. Even with correcting the difficulty setting, however, I still maintain that local co-op was harder and not just because you’re all stuck on the same screen. (Where as with online you can run wherever you like, all of you can cover more ground.) Another bummer, is that Steam doesn’t seem to save progress. All of my unlocked characters were still locked. Overall the game is still a lot of fun, I just wouldn’t recommend local co-op.Its Jump N’ Shoot Man, but much harder and much tinier. So very tiny.Would recommend yelling at the TV and throwing my controller on the ground again."
,Recommended,248820,20208505,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Afatlazyturtle,"This game gets harder than my♥♥♥♥♥♥at a strip club. A good strip club too, high class ♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198044443463,Recommended,248820,20360334,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,darkym171,"If you want to feel like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ degenarate, inbred basdard that is dumber than the dirt that he/she sleeps in than this is the game for you."
76561198093205022,Recommended,248820,25403770,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,FuzzyIggyPoyo,10/10 not enough rain
,Recommended,248820,12540914,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,R!C0,"Amazing rogue-like, with very interesting pick-ups which makes each game very different. Amazing graphic style and music. One of my favourite games of the last few years.Only slight negative is that controller support is a bit patchy in the menus."
,Recommended,248820,12548058,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,tvardary,"Brutally difficult, but extremely fun. Playing with a controller is important for your long term health because you will really be mashing those movement keys and spamming your auto attack. If you are someone who doesnt have the patience to die 1000 times in order to get your first win, then this may be a bad game for you. If you can appreciate that those 1000 deaths are because you are bad and can get better, than this is the game for you and nothing will beat the satisfaction of finally winning on max difficulty.Dont get to hung up on unlocking every character either, as learning how to dodge attacks is more important than how you deal damage to them.Definitely recommend."
76561198024228876,Recommended,248820,12576497,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Vintis Knight,I just got this game and its been a pure blast especially if you have friends to co-op with too
76561198119436987,Recommended,248820,12570658,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,JewishAryan,Risk of RAIN is a great game to play on a RAINy day.
,Recommended,248820,12572672,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,sad nug,"Such a fun game, I hope they keep updating it!"
,Recommended,248820,25085099,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,BeanerBoy,"if you have like, I dont know, 1hr of free time, its werf"
,Recommended,248820,25107576,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,MechaCone,"When playing Co-op, someone goes for crowbars and someone goes for Monster teeth, you'll have a good time. Also, don't let your friend grab lasers, you might need some eye laser surgery afterwards.Also, also, This game is good, buy it.Also, also, also, Hi. :D"
,Recommended,248820,25109273,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,ser 1-eyed duck,plot twistthere is no rain
,Recommended,248820,32868517,Posted: 27 June,all,JberNoSki,Iz gud game. Best with friends.
76561198046930744,Recommended,248820,15196447,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,в одиночестве,WHERE'S THE RAIN!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,248820,7642149,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Shmoogle Osukami,It's just awesome!
76561198061153106,Recommended,248820,32816668,Posted: 26 June,all,Pumpkin Spice Latte,gooooooood
76561198006742713,Recommended,248820,13853885,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Broseph Ballin,"Single player and couch co-op work great.Online multiplayer, not so much.Great game.  Lots of time crunching, and item gathering.  Art style is wonderful.  Bunch of characters to choose from."
,Recommended,248820,15903199,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,the rarest pepe,great game.
,Recommended,248820,15992994,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,PainKnight,"Good game.  It's fun to just go in and kill stuff till you're done killing stuff.  At some point, you become a god among men, and just destroy all the things, and the game is trying it's damndest to kill you, and you're just like ""lel, come at me game.""Got better once I cheated and unlocked all the characters, and found the one I liked most.  Wasn't really enjoyable grinding all that♥♥♥♥♥♥on a character I didn't like to play, but I do see that it could be fun to work to unlock the fun ones... I guess.Also, this game comes off as buggy.  There are item and monster diary things, but it's not really clear how you unlock them so to speak.  They just seem to pop up whenever they feel like it.  Also the stat tracker thing.  I've played like 10 characters all the way through, it it's still like, ""You've played this guy once for 10 hours"" and no, not really, I haven't."
,Recommended,248820,7640489,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,~Robin,"Monsters, and Running, And Slaughter. And DieingAlso More RunningIts One of the more harder games i have played in a while and it i so Much FUNRecommend it to anyone who likes to try something decent.Also verry fun to play in Multiplayer.Laughed allot because of this, these days"
,Recommended,248820,20660134,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Lex,10/10 would die againGreat game for roge-like fans... and great for masochist xDYou will die... a LOTbut you will come back somehow stronger (if you get nice item drops) and♥♥♥♥♥♥them xD
,Recommended,248820,8436783,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Xelos,An indie-Contra-like game on steroids.
76561197970736031,Recommended,248820,10637874,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,McKeifus,"Risk of Rain is SUPER AWESOME.  A ""Rogue-like"" platformer, the game is certainly a different experience each time.  After a bit it can become familiar, but there are different characters and items to unlock, keeping it fresh.  The art, music, and interface are excellent.  I quickly became lost.  Can't wait to try CO-OP!"
,Recommended,248820,22189237,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Wedge,"What a joke, there’s no risk standing in rain. It’s just monsters you’ll have to watch out for."
,Recommended,248820,8475029,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,GayoMayo,"Not typically into survival games like this, but the soundtrack, style, items, unlocks etc. make this game a great pick up and go game."
,Recommended,248820,26862032,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Maa De Griff,"Man, there's so much in this game that I don't even know where to start.Let me put it this way: If you enjoy platformers, roguelikes, or RPGs, this is the game for you.(Although worth 10$, try and get it for less.)"
,Recommended,248820,9144147,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,John Connor,Awesome and Addictive!
,Recommended,248820,16018137,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,W.A. the Anum,"Risk of Rain.How to explain this game in some wordswell it is...risky,impetuous,severe,killing,overstated,fascinating,rigorous,addictiveinspired,nicely made."
76561197978839450,Recommended,248820,29756015,Posted: 6 February,all,jackelton,This game is amazing...buy it while its on sale!
,Recommended,248820,22331303,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Nigerian Prince,Good game
,Recommended,248820,15680945,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,NatsumeKonno 『紺野棗』,Very fun game that i play when im bored. Each run could last for hours it starts at very easy then gets harder and harder. Very cool power ups as time passes on. Once an hour hits you feel badass. Its a simple game and the cam view makes you look so small but thats fine you get a big view of the battlefield. For the price its worth it lots of new char to unlock. Each char has cool new skills feels great and changes up.
,Recommended,248820,29281885,Posted: 15 January,all,Ñegus,WHY DON'T YOU HAVE THIS GAME YET?BUY IT.not going to review it. too busy playing it.BUY NOW and shut up
76561198415531328,Not Recommended,248820,35187079,Posted: 24 September,all,sjrossman0,"Not a bad game by any means, I just got bored pretty quickly"
76561198067216331,Recommended,248820,29753482,Posted: 6 February,all,Carne Moida,noice
,Recommended,248820,29753520,Posted: 6 February,all,Clever Rat,Amazing game. 100/10 Would get killed by trying to farm too much
,Recommended,248820,32485986,Posted: 16 June,all,malaisling,"A fantastic and simply designed rogue-like in which players fight their way through hordes of enemies, gathering statistic and effect influencing items while advancing to new locations in an attempt to escape the planet.The game includes a variety of characters to play from, who each have a completely unique array of abilities used to fight which each focus around a relatively unique style of combat from the other characters. While the pool of acquirable items is rather small compared to other rogue-likes, unlike other rogue-likes nearly every item is useful in some way. And, you can acquire multiple of the same item in order to stack its effect to become even more powerful. The potential builds created from stacking the same item repeatedly well making up for the lack of item diversity in terms of interesting possibilities.While the map randomization, map types, bosses and enemies are all rather limited, once again compared to other rogue-likes, it does not damage the replayability to any significant degree.And while there are some inconveniences in the map design and platforming, but it is not very severe and the game plays quite well.The primary issue the game has that is mentionable is the lack of a significant post game. The final boss, is the final boss, and after the player defeats him the sense of purpose in replaying the game does start to feel lost. Even with new characters and items to unlock, after the initial victory the game does not feel nearly as replayable as other more popular rogue-likes out there as the structure of the game progression and randomization itself is not as comparable. And although the game does feature online co-op, it requires a quite tedious and technical setup in order to orchestrate it and so it is not very dependable in terms of accessibility.But in all, well worth the cost for the amount of strong and well designed gameplay the player will get out of it."
,Recommended,248820,9401715,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Beligton,Amazing hardcore game with cool things and pixelart. 9/10
76561198052358731,Recommended,248820,28888789,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Alpha,Its a game.. Pretty good.
,Recommended,248820,28891169,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Fox McCloud,A difficult game but your ever increasing arsenal along with the ever increasing amount of enemies make this game a must have for those who love roguelikes.
76561198010708806,Recommended,248820,15396251,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,ChuKoe,Even with all the UI bugs and shortcomings this game is a blast in multiplayer.
76561198102934613,Recommended,248820,14589767,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Falcor,"I truly love this game! I find my self playing it for hours and hours on end, it really captured me like no other game has. It's simplistic,very challenging, and has tons of replay value... But I think they should reconsider calling it Risk of Crashing.9/10 will crash again."
76561198149696258,Recommended,248820,28897225,Posted: 1 January,all,BEAN,I love this game. It was one of my first ever steam games and it is still one on my all time favorites. The design is beautiful and the replay value is great.
,Recommended,248820,28921157,Posted: 1 January,all,Toaster in space™,An amazing game made by amazing people100% recommend
76561198127152964,Recommended,248820,28925649,Posted: 1 January,all,Phobos,Amazing XD
76561198000615156,Recommended,248820,28953470,Posted: 2 January,all,Sirdoodle,Super duper mega shooter
,Recommended,248820,28892593,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,👻 Spooky Lyrics 👻,When I bought the Game------------------------1.) Download the game2.) Start playing3.) Grind through the first 2 levels4.) Die5.) Rage6.) Ate a poptart7.) Grinded again-----------------------Loved it 10/10Pretty hard
76561198132220469,Recommended,248820,28947410,Posted: 2 January,all,The Juicebox,so uh... where can i get the soundtrack?
,Recommended,248820,16109112,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,davidincostamesa,
,Recommended,248820,9061718,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Yoodles,its simple and quite hard at later levels. And its currently on sale. Perfect
,Recommended,248820,7921426,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Pizza,"Oh yea, this good."
,Recommended,248820,24267563,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,snazzypadgett,"Interesting sim-type experience, reminiscent of ""Papers, Please."" I had fun playing the role of a sleuth, but I think keyboard controls would significantly improve the gameplay experience--you're operating a cell phone the whole time, and though the swiping is smooth and polished, I would have appreciated at least partial keyboard input support. It slowed down the pacing enough to keep me from bothering with a couple missed endings.The writing is a little bit awkward at times, to me--it felt too politically charged, and one-sided.Still enjoyed it, lots of neat little puzzle mechanics. Very nice pixel art. The score was a bit too melancholic to me."
,Recommended,248820,11110369,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Reznorio,Roguelike at it's finest.
76561197992828951,Recommended,248820,13563496,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,45. ORP|ComradeSavage,"I always tell myself... one more... one more... untill its 3 am.U guys should buy it, while I go play one more game"
,Recommended,248820,14375771,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,OnlyRexee,"Best game ever made. The developers must have made a transaction with North Korea to obtain nuclear warheads, because this game is the bomb. Plain and simple 10/10 nothing to it, best game in existence."
,Recommended,248820,17726280,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Mother Of All Nerds,"Risk of Rain is a true taste of surviving a crash on an alien planet. You get f'ed up immediatly.  And salvage resources from just about anything.  It's an experience that goes from game to immersive very quickly, where you start to get more stressed and enticed by the experience, only to be wiped out to start from scratch.  Buy this game, I absolutly recommend it."
,Recommended,248820,35402945,Posted: 1 October,all,_7,"Like Skyrim, with guns."
,Recommended,248820,35397629,Posted: 1 October,all,Post-trainee ALEX,Very fun.
76561198038829342,Recommended,248820,23012806,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Wolfwindru,Super Addictive!
,Recommended,248820,23013088,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Maurotzu (legendario),very good game and very funny
76561198052722450,Recommended,248820,22991942,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Bravecamel,so good
,Recommended,248820,8728769,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,OverlordAkise,"An Really Funny And Somehow Easy Game. Its Really Fun, Trust Me. =D"
76561198039683273,Not Recommended,248820,9973531,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Winter Road,"More tedious than fun. I enjoy playing skill based perma-death games similar to this, but many aspects of this game feel quite un-fun. The variation among enemies is scarce, and most monsters just try to run into you en-mass. Like FTL, this game requires a good bit of luck finding the right upgrades for your particular character early enough to make full use of them. Unlike FTL, each class only has a limited field strategy. A given class will have four skills and even though simpler games, like Binding of Isaac, offer less options, the supplementary power-ups leave you wanting more. The monsters in general seem to have too much health, and can be quite tedious to kill at mid to higher levels unless all the appropriate power-ups are gained. In addition, some power-ups seems strictly better than others, regardless of class; which I feel is poor design. The size of the characters and monsters seems unnecessarily small, and becomes bothersome at times. The size of the sprites creates of lack of character when compared to games like Rogue Legacy and Binding of Isaac. Overall its just not as charming or addictive as the game seems to think it is."
76561198065827209,Not Recommended,248820,12653732,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,CGG Zayik,"Risk of Rain is a retro style game that suits well to those who just want to mindlessly destroy things. It has a variety of unlockable character (which is rare in most games, be it big or small). The gameplay is fun, and it's definitely a fun game to play with a buddy . . . that is if you are lucky to not encounter bugs.The enjoyment of playing this game is only matched by the multitude of bugs that you will encounter.Within one night, I have had unlocked characters dissapear 3 times due to the game crashing.I have experienced monsters showing up on one players screen but not another (meanwhile there are objective that require all monsters to be slain to complete the level) This means you are unable to complete the level if your teammates are dead yet are the only ones who can see the monsters. I have seen invincible monsters, teleporting monsters (the connection between players in RoR is poorly implemented). I have played countless games with said person, in which connection speed is stellar. Additionally, we both openned ports, and made sure firewall was not blocking.I have experienced falling through the levels, invisible walls, areas that disable your jump. Additionally, I have seen chests(while using the artifact that makes item drops not random) become locked for the player that uses a special key item - only teammates can open the items.If you really unlucky, you will encounter a bug that progressively uses up memory until you run into a ""Out of memory"" warning. This will promptly close the game, making you lose all progress(including unlocked characters).However, most annoying is the ability for RoR to freeze up most of your components if a crash occurs. Alt-tab no longer works, and using ctrl-alt-delete to bring up the task manager doesn't work either, since Risk of rain does failts to then properly alt tab.  (This may be an issue with Windows 8 and Game Maker, however I do not know enough about how GameMaker ports games over to Windows and if it is the true culrpit) I ended up having to sign out of my profile to get the operating system to automatically close any open programs.This game has a lot of potential, but as of now, it is definitely not worth getting for full price, let alone 25% off. If it goes on sale for 50%+, grab it. But as of now, it just has too many bugs that truly hinder the user experience to warrant buying for anything more."
,Not Recommended,248820,12679760,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,tr00.contrite,Game was pretty good but following the newest update no longer worksHere are a list of bugs added in the new update-http://community.playstarbound.com/index.php?threads/bug-reports-for-risk-of-rain-1-2-0.85384/Seriously this game is unplayable at the moment. Wait for it to be completly fixed before buying
76561198075700626,Not Recommended,248820,12674708,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Stranger,"Man, I loved this game. I really did. Look at hours I've been playing it. Finished it dozens of times... Played with friends. All kinds of stuff. Till the newest patch. You know... Devs decided, that it'll be funny, if they'll break their game. And for what. Few more fps. Yeah. Hell of a deal. I'm not even talking about the bugs (and there are a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of them right now.), but mostly about abandoning the XP support. Why did they did that? Game doesn't even look better. It's just more broken. I know about the new engine, and fps boost, but for what cost? I personally feel cheated now. I bought game, that worked on XP. Now it isn't, and I doubt it'll ever work again. If you don't give a shait about the bugs, and you have at least Win7, go ahead. I, as XP user can not recommend this game anymore.If they'll make it work on XP again, (which I doubt), then my review will change."
,Not Recommended,248820,32693472,Posted: 23 June,all,im not racist,"The game is fun, it's really fun. Don't get me wrong, but I love almost everything about it except for the fact that the game CONSTANTLY deletes my saves and game files. And no, I'm not playing on drizzle. I've played the game through and beat it on commando, only to have all my progress deleted every single time. It retains my achievements, but all my unlocks disappear upon closing the client. I've tried every single technical fix I could from other forums and my own, and nothing has worked.Until this problem is fixed and the game actually functions the way it is intended, I will not give this a positive review."
,Not Recommended,248820,13490592,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,mnjiman,Risk of Rain is a very unique game that has a core concept unlike many other games of the same genre. It is fun and enjoyable... when bugs and crashes are not an issue. There was a recent update with the intention of fixing a lot of the games issues... and the patch brought hope to me heart. I was let down once again my my hope crushed. The new update brought a load of new issues and the Dev is taking his time fixing them. I understand that the Dev is in college and school comes first... so my suggestion to others is to simply wait.Wait for the game to be patched and fixed correctly.
,Not Recommended,248820,13262823,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,arleas,"Before their latest update, I would have wholeheartedly recommended this game to everyone.  It's great but even greater fun online with friends as you ""claw your way"" to the final level.  Now?  Now all of that is destroyed.  Multiplayer is pretty much borked.  Single player, while still fun, isn't enough to make this game worth playing.Until such time as an update fixes their ♥♥♥♥ ups, I'd avoid this game...well maybe if it goes on sale for $2 it'd be worth it."
,Not Recommended,248820,15571998,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Homer Thompson,"Very cool game; great aesthetics, music, character design, gameplay, etc. However, I can not recommend Risk of Rain in its current state because the online multiplayer has too many game-breaking bugs. Single player works fine (for me at least) but I mostly want to play multiplayer. Fingers crossed for a patch."
,Not Recommended,248820,18140529,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,We Got This,I used to love this game but the latest patch broke it to the point of unplayability. Dev has moved on to other projects. No point in buying it now...
,Not Recommended,248820,9074597,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Mr. Wallet,"This game has an extreme problem with lack of conveyance, which is compounded by its tendency to put you completely at the mercy of the random number generator. I couldn't tell what I was doing wrong or what I was supposed to be doing until my 4th game, which was the same as the first three except stupid-easy instead of impossible.By ""lack of conveyance,"" I mean you don't have any clear idea what you're doing or what your goal is. When your goal seems to be too difficult, there's no indication of what you're doing wrong or how you might be able to modify your strategy to make it easier. Levelling up makes you stronger, but the longer you play the harder it gets. Do you go for the boss immediately or level up first? (It took me an hour to figure out: it's about the same either way.) The game is loaded with anti-patterns like this.(Incidentally, the ideal strategy seems to be to clear out the items in the level, and if the items aren't good enough, just abort and restart and hope for a better set next time so you don't waste your time. Are you having fun yet?)The controls are also extremely stiff, making gameplay very unsatisfying even when you do well. My biggest complaint is that right/left + up didn't work while jumping, making hitting the ladders in midair extremely hard since they have snap-on widths that are too small, but in general it seems like the player characters and monsters were designed in a vaccuum.This game is not well-designed, not well-presented, and not fun. If you want a game in this genre, get Rogue Legacy, which is remarkably close in mechanics but does everything right that this one does wrong."
76561198153259106,Not Recommended,248820,12956547,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Beef Soup,New update wont let me play
76561198268940554,Not Recommended,248820,33567589,Posted: 15 July,all,youmadbro490,"every single time i try to play this game, the screen for the game wont show and im a little disapointed since i sunk 10 dollars for this game"
76561198060205887,Not Recommended,248820,16774122,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,PizzaMan,this game hurts me it crashes when i am about to win
,Not Recommended,248820,13489149,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Otrophic,"Another game without REAL multiplayer support. Have fun trying to setup ports and static IP adresses, maybe youll download Hamachi in an attempt to try and make the $5 or more that you just spent worth it. But it will not happen, like all of the other games that lack REAL multiplayer support. ♥♥♥♥ OFF."
76561198090184449,Not Recommended,248820,14060017,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,That1guyuhate,Game is seriously buggy. Wanna play with friends online? Prepare for constant crashes. Dont make the same mistake that I did.
,Not Recommended,248820,12691048,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Trivallica,"This game has brought me many hours of joy until the last update where this game is unplayable...It is way too hard now, where there are too many elites that spawn on very easy, and gets worse by each difficulty.Before I could go through easy with no worries, now I can't make it past level 4..What happened?"
,Not Recommended,248820,32876423,Posted: 27 June,all,weiyilee17,"This is a fun rougelike game, but I don't recommand it if you are playing it alone.Why? The difficulty gap is huge from world 1 to world 2, the only way to avoid this is to have friends and finish world 1 quickly and go to world 2 as fast as possible. There is an easy difficulty, but no progress would be saved, so why bother? Although it is designed for single player, multiplayer was added later, the game should be easier for single player and harder for multiplayer, or let progress be saved under easy difficulty, like FTL, in my opinion.This game gives you the feeling of impossible, unbreakable and makes you stop trying, because you know it would take at least 7 min to clear world 1 and go to world 2. At that time, world 2's monsters would be pretty powerful and you would stand no chance there. So I recommand The binding of Isaac or Spelunky if you really want to try rougelikes. Of course if you have friends to play with you it's a different story."
76561198141169572,Not Recommended,248820,35125474,Posted: 22 September,all,ケーキ,"Literally unplayable on Linux and SteamOS, the Spike Strip item crashes the game literally every time it triggers. And the best part is that you can't drop it so if you accidentally pick it up then your run is basically over.The bug has been known for years but the developer apparently doesn't give a ♥♥♥♥.Edit: I found out that you also can't loop or unlock a certain character because that makes the game crash. So you can't even experience the whole game if you avoid picking up the Spike Strip."
76561198067923596,Not Recommended,248820,13697490,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,PrideHeart,"This game is awesome! However....after the most recent update, all save files, achievements, and characters were wiped... I tried reloading my backup saves that I had made, but they no londer work, and achievements and unlocks are no longer saved... Once awesome, now completely useless,,,"
76561198070861504,Recommended,248820,7741323,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,♥Bella from Hella♥,Risk of Rain is really fun and I did not even have to sit through a lengthy tutorial like most games. 8.9/10
76561198049792642,Not Recommended,248820,12854137,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Orange Frog,"Glitched twice! Beat the game with the Loader, unlocked the sniper. Got the end screen, ""He was ready to rebuild his life, brick by brick"" and then, crashed. no unlock, no progress, only misery. pleaseeeee fix! The dev's seem to care about the game so I have some faith, but until then, prepare to be dissapointed. Other than that, its great!"
,Not Recommended,248820,12882484,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,BlackDrPhil,"Actually Yes and No. I love this game very much so when i can play on someones PC its fine. But they have failed to deliver on their launch on Mac OSx  and other supported systems. Ever since the v.1.2.2 update many Mac users have not been able to enjoy their game on their machines at all. A game crashing bug has been plaguing us for awhile now. This would not be an issue if they had just kept in communication with their customers and ensured them that they are working on fixing the issue. Unfortunately, we are left in the dark. Not able to play a game we actually purchased. This is primarily to get there attention and mabye even someone from Steam to at least give us some hope."
76561197970543835,Not Recommended,248820,15630329,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,VidGameDude,Game is fun but adding memes really?what pitiful waste of good game potential to have it riddled with cancer filled messages.
,Not Recommended,248820,33018112,Posted: 29 June,all,Obvious One Kenobi,Multiplayer does not work
,Not Recommended,248820,16232214,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Goobs,"Spent the last hour killing imps and pigs while running for my life cause I picked that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ commando with the nerf gun. Fast forward 12 years, beat the final boss, guess what... can't even leave the planet, thanks Obama. Listen, I like hard games, they're fun, but this? I'd rather sit on my own nuts. I'd rather headbutt a beehive. I'd rather tbag a bear trap. I will never play this game again, I will be uninstall right now. This game... it's a true meme."
76561198273230817,Recommended,248820,28613629,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,wawtruttle,HAHAHAHA
,Not Recommended,248820,21359110,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,I Swear to drunk I'm not God,"Meh..This is not a bad game at all, but it's just not for me I guess, it's just... flat. I guess it's better when playing multiplayer.Stopped playing even before I died. There's just..nothing special, you character is so small on the screen, enemies arrive out of nowhere, the main weapon is just boring: Hit the keyboard key, a crappy sound plays and enemies take damage.AI is not very smart either, it is just an algorithm that makes them want to match you ""X"" coordinates, giving them the feel of ""mindless robots"" that just stay under you at all times while you're on a platform above.If you want to play a similar game with more fun to have, play ""BroForce"", feels a lot less flat.UPDATE:Gave it another try, played until I died and was happy it ended. That game is not my jam. Uninstall"
,Not Recommended,248820,10732630,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Pepi,"meh, it's not super exciting to have monsters spawning out of nowhere just in front of you that just brainlessly try to kill you. Oh, and this represents the whole mechanism of the game. Yup."
76561198122643101,Recommended,248820,17248231,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Volk,"Finished game, unlocked sniperNew game, play sniperRealise sniper can't 360 noscope9/11 would play again"
76561198045133502,Not Recommended,248820,10677640,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mulder,I play this game with friends but he only STEAL all my items WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ is this STEAM??? I DONT recommend anyone to play this game of thieves JESUS CHRSIT!!!!!
,Not Recommended,248820,14642202,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,KaylaKaze,"I played the game for the first time. On the first level, a severe bug made the entire floor unable to be walked on. I couldn't go anywhere. This is a known issue for months and the developer refuses to fix it."
,Not Recommended,248820,15194827,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,UnclePeeWee,Multiplayer super broked dont execpt to play with friends!
,Not Recommended,248820,14957507,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,sadyc,Unecesarly hard and frustrating; it could use an option to choose dificulty to appeal to a wider audience.Only recommanded for people that like doing the same thing over and over again with little rewards.There are more entertaining games out there.
76561198133628702,Not Recommended,248820,17108230,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Perfice,"I love this game but I can't recommend it until they fix the bug with achievements not unlocking. I'm not someone who chases down achievements but if I can get one I like for them to actually unlock. I'm pretty sure alot of people will downvote my review for this but it's a pretty silly bug to still be hanging around when the game is so popular and it's been out for awhile... I just don't feel like playing hours of this game and try for an achievement jsut to find out that no achievements have unlocked in my 100 hour gametime. I've already tried deleting saved data and reachieving them over and over and they still don't unlock. So I'm sorry to say to a game that is so great, but if you care about the achievements at all I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,248820,25919538,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,DarkVexon,"Risk Of Rain is a work of the weather. The superb way every high wind alert makes you evacuate Florida, the many varied stormclouds with hunderds of unique designs, everything comes together to make what is certainly the best Hurricane Matthew of 2016."
,Recommended,248820,9630698,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,emel,19 hour runs are nice.
76561198040829474,Not Recommended,248820,13256622,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Vandal Von Boop,"I had been enjoying the game up until today.  I had a really good run, I beat all three bosses at the end, watched the credits and then I got a popup titled ""Code Error"".  The game quit and none of my progress was saved (I had achieved quite a few things during this run).  Googling for this I can see it is a rampant problem.I want my money back."
,Not Recommended,248820,16770374,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Moon Man,"Extreme agony getting multiplayer to work. Followed multiple port-forward guides to get it to open but it didn't work. But that's besides the point. It's 2015, I shouldn't have to portforward to play a god damn game online any more."
,Not Recommended,248820,10703678,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,squiddingme,"hold down all the shoulder buttons to shoot at bullet spongesADDENDUM: this game does not work on windows 10. if you are running windows 10, do not buy it."
,Recommended,248820,14317800,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Shia Labeouf,Such fun.
76561198026638985,Not Recommended,248820,16399419,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Dio,"Bought this game 2 days ago and I'm getting FATAL ERRORS  almost every game. If you look at the forum you will find many many people having the same issue and it seems that the developers aren't doing anything about it. When they answer the comments of the users they simply ignore everything about these FATAL ERRORS. Unless you want a buggy game that crashes and you lose your progress, don't buy this game."
76561198001346271,Not Recommended,248820,21794676,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Snarkles,"Not a fan of the controls, I could also do without the game telling me I suck when I die."
,Recommended,248820,32074741,Posted: 30 May,all,binsz,A challenging roguelike with an immersive soundtrack and simple movement that belies it's difficulty.
,Recommended,248820,16817312,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Lemonade,best dev team in indie gaming
76561198014913462,Not Recommended,248820,22311961,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Illimitus,"I can see why some would like it, but this just barely gets a negative review.  Why? There are a lot of good things about the game, but there are better alternatives in the genre upon which to lavish your free time. Pass this one up until you have exhausted the genre and are looking for more.PS Overall, I value the ""indie"" movement, but I think it has served its usefulness. It is time for consolidation and bigger studios bring more graphics and such to the design process."
76561198315098045,Recommended,248820,31948095,Posted: 25 May,all,bo3_dravo,nice game
,Recommended,248820,12384116,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Rangerdanger0,Love this gameTo bad not mac supported
,Recommended,248820,12729891,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Dclyde,"I  had Died a slow and painful death. My body was slowly being eaten away by the lava as a giant lava turtle ran me over repeatedly. small wisps continuously shot balls of fire into my chest. Giant stone monsters crushed me into bits as small robots riddled my body with holes from there guns. One by one I watched my drones fell out of the sky. Minotaurs stabbed there horns into my head. In a last attempt to servive, I threw all of my money at them in the shape of a bomb. As it exploded, my lifes saving flew across the map, killing all in sight. Relieved, I walked to the teleporter pad. As I stepped on it, a Flying jellyfish divebombed me.Game Over."
,Recommended,248820,12464422,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Desastreger,The only thing you need to check is the amount of time I've spent on this thing.
76561198042092936,Recommended,248820,7778704,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Paladin,This is literally the most fun you can have in a game. I am not even kidding.
76561197970705636,Recommended,248820,9031827,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Lesbillionaire puff-mommy,A true gem of our current video game era with very expansive gameplay and a beautifull retro-themed artstyle.
,Recommended,248820,30063994,Posted: 20 February,all,nuko,yeah
,Recommended,248820,29057572,Posted: 6 January,all,rotten corpse,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this is probably one of the funnest games I've ever played. Very easy to get lost in a great run.
76561198079786794,Recommended,248820,10068849,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Midget Wombat,"I Love this game, Starts off slow but becomes more engaging very quickly. 2d Platformer where your goal is to survive to the next level, You quest on each new level is to find the teleporter to progress to the oncoming level. In the mean time mobs spawn more and more frequantly getting harder and harder with each tick of the clock. ""Oh yeah you do have a time limit that increses game difficalty the longer you take"" I always seem to take ages because i want to open and get all the loot to upgrade my player, like XP to level up and items including awesome rocket launches and heath regens. Two player was fun but im a little sad that you can't use two controllers BECAUSE THIS GAME IS IN ITS ELEMENT WITH A CONTROLLER. If you like hack'n'slash, loot or just epic fun.. PLAY THIS GAME."
76561198069673494,Not Recommended,248820,20639654,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Leaves on the Wind,"It was fun and all, but I felt something a bit lacking just short a bit of content so it got repetitve and it doesn't make it worth your while to defeat the boss and keep playing, nothing more to achieve after that really just some trinkets."
76561198034085355,Not Recommended,248820,13558801,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,frejesal,"4/10The trailers and description of this game are very misleading.I was expecting a fast paced game that tested your skills and reflexes with high levels of difficulty. The only times I ever died in this game were when stupid amounts of brainless enemies spawned in a tiny area and the only way to kill them would be to hold down the trigger at them for (no exaggeration) 5-10 minutes. But if you jump into said small space to kill them, you're dead in literally two seconds. No skill is required to win this game. Just finding ways to exploit the stupid AI and also hoping that 20 spammy enemies don't spawn in one spot.Also the game is very slow paced and grindy and dull, contrary to what the trailers show. Looks like a totally different game. But that's okay, at least they only got $5 from me."
76561198175457609,Recommended,248820,23227255,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,50 Shades of Dennis,WHERES THE RAIN.
,Not Recommended,248820,23354390,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Cinaxis,"Before you slide past my non-reccomendation of this game, hear me out.From an asthetic viewpoint, the game is fine if not optimal. It runs well on my laptop alone. The graphics have a nice retro feel, and the environment is interesting.HOWEVER, the gameplay is the lack-luster. Not because it isn't interactive, but because the control scheme is simply too much for me to bear. The inital button set up is: Movement through arrows. Jump with space. Fairly standard. But essential components such as your attacks (which vary with each character) are the X, C, V, and, B keys.Now of course you can change these out through the options but honestly, in my own opinion, theres no natural way to set up the controls.Also, the controller support is spotty at best. (I do use an Afterglow controller, so it may be due to some type of issue with the controller itself, and not the game)Is it a bad game? I don't think so. It has a LOT of potential to be amazing in its own right. I simply dont think it's worth the asking price. Not to mention it hasn't seen an update or likely and Dev insight in a long, long time."
76561198039548285,Recommended,248820,9025303,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Allie,Contra meets Diablo.
,Recommended,248820,16004720,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,alterEgo,BING BANG ZIP BOOM BWONG NYOOOM  THWIP THWAP RATATATATATATATA SPLAT
76561198075650842,Recommended,248820,17655529,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,alex,this game is as good as BoI but doesnt have much publicity
,Recommended,248820,9077560,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,TAEYEON,GG
,Recommended,248820,7889309,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,B.Mo,after uninstalling various redistibutions of C++ to get the audio working... this game is pretty great.
,Not Recommended,248820,16983455,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Pajoro,Had nothing to do with weather at all!
76561198028986548,Recommended,248820,8348710,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Saebur,Risky Tricky Rain
,Recommended,248820,9876582,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Tyler1,BANANA
76561198055657597,Recommended,248820,12975357,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Arc,"Its quite fun to play just need friends to play with, it would be way more fun."
,Not Recommended,248820,21723571,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,calibrojosh10,"What I liked:Got that gameplay of rogue-likeTons of item unlocks, enemy variety and characters to playDifficulty scales as you play, the longer you make it, the harder it getsWhat You Need to Know:Movement is too slow, I hate having to walk at a snail's pace even so called fast charactersYour 4 characters abilities is all you get, not much progression there( though all characters play completely differently and have vastly different abilities)It's not a terrible game, just isn't that rewarding to fight enemiesI really hate having to kill enemies on platforms that are too small( you always get hit and really ruins the fun)Didn't play co-op, that might make it more enjoyableMy Score:CPaid: $2.50Main reason for dislike: Game got boring quickGames similar that are Better:Binding of IssacNuclear ThroneVagante(Haven't played it)"
,Recommended,248820,8439204,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,See You Again,"This game is an amazing rouge style 2D platforming shooter. The game starts off slow but picks up as you play on and unlock the new upgrades, items, and playable characters. In my opinion this is one of the best games of 2013 and you should go check it out."
,Recommended,248820,12195491,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,DudeJustice,Electric banjo wielding space marine explodes many innocent alien creatures in his quest for unlimited power.
,Recommended,248820,15195277,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,{S4D-Jelly-Fish} Chris™,it a good game buy if you like stuff like si fi and i give it a 8 of 10
,Recommended,248820,32783934,Posted: 25 June,all,zaxdar,I didnt know that.. please forgive me I will delete my data and play again as level 1.. no vac please.. I didnt know really.. I was thought only in gaming cheat be banned. forgive me just one time please. absolutely didnt know that..I didnt know that.. please forgive me I will delete my data and play again as level 1.. no vac please.. I didnt know really.. I was thought only in gaming cheat be banned. forgive me just one time please. absolutely didnt know that..I didnt know that.. please forgive me I will delete my data and play again as level 1.. no vac please.. I didnt know really.. I was thought only in gaming cheat be banned. forgive me just one time please. absolutely didnt know that..I didnt know that.. please forgive me I will delete my data and play again as level 1.. no vac please.. I didnt know really.. I was thought only in gaming cheat be banned. forgive me just one time please. absolutely didnt know that..
76561198081371819,Not Recommended,248820,23356826,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Lycurgess,"Not my style, seamed to have no point other than an endless cycle of life an death.Very buddhist in a way"
,Recommended,248820,27680864,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ManWithAPlan,Theres a small risk of rain
,Recommended,248820,10668546,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Brandon,cool
76561198138968389,Recommended,248820,33269210,Posted: 5 July,all,Ruby Rose,This game is a Fast pace insane load of personness and is needin a doctor for it's ugliness. :/ lol
76561198072191023,Recommended,248820,10985388,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,LΣΣ⌠Φ¥ ⌡£∩K▌ⁿs,"Amazing game! Risk of Rain is an Amazing game. However.... (hint hint)you will die a lot!Risk of Rain is a semi-randomly generated rouge-like. It is very hard, and kind of creepy, to be honest. When you're playing the game, you see enemies as little pixels to launch other little pixels at. However, as you play more and more, you unlock monster logs, and they give short descriptions of the enemies. They make what is really just a random number generator seem like a living creature, and include small doses of guilt. Like how killing the small imps from imp shrines stops being a good way to get items, and becomes murdering frightened little children aliens......STILL!!! BUY THIS GAME! It is fun, and has very few problems (In my opinion, at least.) The main issue I have with Risk of Rain is the local multiplayer. When you get an item, it only applies to the collector, not the other people (with exceptions for items like ""Smart Shopper"" and any other item that applies to everyone.) This results in half the game being screaming ""I want the atg missile launcher!!"" I would like it if items applied to everyone...Anywho.... Great game, buy it now....."
,Recommended,248820,14925656,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,michael,This is a solid game
,Recommended,248820,10021811,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,DatDeLaKid,10/10 would bang
,Not Recommended,248820,19975770,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,[WKH]FarmerBob27,
,Recommended,248820,10473219,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Gook Thug,I turned this game on and it started raining.
76561198053726338,Recommended,248820,23062639,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Astram,Yes.
76561198061142941,Recommended,248820,15196072,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Shmagmar,It won let me play it I keep getting this___________________________________________############################################################################################FATAL ERROR inaction number 1of Create Eventfor object oInit:ds_map_read argument 2 incorrect type expecting a Stringat gml_Object_oInit_Create_0############################################################################################
,Recommended,248820,17594513,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Shukuchi,I already beat the game.
76561198103780356,Not Recommended,248820,22360958,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Joobacca,"Risk of Rain is kinda fun, but really sucksIt's a shame, really, I wasted two bucks."
,Not Recommended,248820,21172729,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,WestBoro Baptist Church,"…………………….…………...„--~ ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°).'\………….…………………… („-~~-„¸_….,/ì'Ì…….…………………….¸„-^""¯( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ¸-¯""¯/'……………………¸„„-^""¯ ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡'\¸„„,-""**¯¯¯'^^~-„„„----~^*'""¯ ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡¸-""( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)„-^"" : ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡„-""( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ¸„-^¯( ͡° ͜ʖ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ¸„„-^¯:.' : : '\ ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)¸„„-~""( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°):""-„""""***/*'ì¸'¯:.':( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡:""-„ ( ͡° ͜ʖ\.( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° \,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ 'Ì( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ/""-„_::::_„-*__„„~                                                                                                                                                                                             made me break my keyboard. 10/10 ign"
76561198042327670,Not Recommended,248820,13116729,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Beardimus Prime,"I played the demo some time back and found it really engaging, if a bit hard.  I find the idea of item bonuses growing exponentially rather interesting.  As luck would have it was on sale today and after a pretty crappy holiday I bought it only to find that for whatever reason the controller support doesn't work.  Yes it's plugged in, yes it's turned on, it even works when I turn on Rogue Legacy, but it won't for this game.I'll probably try the keyboard controls but they seem super awkward.  Honestly, i'm just really disappointed."
,Not Recommended,248820,13084121,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Officer Bananas,Really fun game to play with friends.It crashes just about every time I play it for more than half an hour
76561198082302273,Not Recommended,248820,13172295,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Genghis Christ,Plz Help.___________________________________________############################################################################################FATAL ERROR inaction number 1of Create Eventfor object oInit:ds_map_read argument 2 incorrect type expecting a Stringat gml_Object_oInit_Create_0############################################################################################
,Recommended,248820,12146118,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Faceplant,"Hard and fun, just like the thing in my pants."
,Recommended,248820,11531166,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Starayo,"Fun, decently challenging (if you're not using an overpowered relic combination), and excellent fun to play with a group of friends. Plus, still getting updates!"
,Recommended,248820,10045568,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,hollow0n3,It's great. I did not even try the multiplayer mode yet and it's so fun that I fire it up all the time for just one more run.Of course if you do not like hard games where you end up dead all the time and its unusual to get to level 3 even with 12 hours of playtime under the belt...I assume you catch my drift.Not to mention the descriptions of the items you recover are also funny and might make you remember other things as well.
76561198007409592,Recommended,248820,10081721,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Ulfgar Ardo,Stellar ! This is a must. A platformers delight !
76561198053252393,Recommended,248820,9388716,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,pikmonwolf,So many particles!
,Recommended,248820,19879430,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,DragonBorn,Nice
,Recommended,248820,33167313,Posted: 2 July,all,GetOnYourNicoNicoKnees,"I ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I N G  LOST ALL MY DRONES, GAME. WOULD YOU STOP BEING SUCH AN ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥?/10 -NieR automata would be proud"
,Recommended,248820,15201274,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Rokk,"Very good game, pretty difficult. Supports both local and online co-op without any problems (does not use Steamworks, though).My only gripe is that the game becomes easier after you find certain artifacts and unlock certain characters (Huntress, Acrid), leading to an inverted difficulty curve. It's strange, to say the least. Still, it's part of what makes this game unique.You can unlock more characters, but unlike some other games, the starting character is actually among the better characters.90% of the negative reviews are complaints about the online multiplayer not working. None of these people have their ports forwarded correctly, so take them with a large grain of salt.I would definitely recommend buying this."
,Recommended,248820,10029512,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Deppresso,watch my le video'syoutube.com/deppresso: ^)
,Not Recommended,248820,13217413,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,jam,this game gave me crippling autism i guess it's okay though i give it 4 out of 4 even though it ruined my life
76561198098135951,Not Recommended,248820,25936883,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,RaijuThePharoah,"This game is absolute trash. Every week is a new bug I have do deal with in order to play. And according to the internet, I'm not the only one. It is very fun when I get to play, but that is rarely. From not creating a save file, to not having any visuals, this game had put my patience to the test."
,Not Recommended,248820,19392794,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Twin Towers  ▌▌,It's dumb bad game
76561198047139139,Recommended,248820,14390900,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Anime Queen_IDK,One of the best rogue like games I've played.
76561198111010675,Recommended,248820,31736414,Posted: 13 May,all,R8-King,God Dam best game i have played :)
,Recommended,248820,31952533,Posted: 25 May,all,hjpotter92,good timekiller
,Recommended,248820,32937644,Posted: 28 June,all,Demon,The rain holds no risk.
,Recommended,248820,24521219,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Fabio,"Frenetic, unforgiving, but ultimately the most fun you'll have for a while.You may need  third party software for multiplayer, though.Edit: Aparently an idiot said third party software such as hamachi/evolve/tungle is not necessary to play online. Unfortunately many of us don't want to manually open router ports in order to play online and host a match. This is a requirement for those facing this situation.Proof (guide to host with hamachi as an alternative to open ports):http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=194047418&searchtext=hamachi"
,Recommended,248820,12882093,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Ipax,You can have rockets that set fire that freezes ennemies that poisons and make electricity11/10 would play
,Recommended,248820,23418266,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Spookybread,"Great game, great replayablity.The only thing that sucks is the multiplayer."
,Recommended,248820,23393197,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,presented by konmai,"nice game, too lazy to write a review"
,Recommended,248820,25363339,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,zaganos,+
,Recommended,248820,15390614,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Fex,I've played the game much more than my public record would show.A truly great action roguelike with multiplayer. Buy this!
,Recommended,248820,31946251,Posted: 24 May,all,tH4b0Mb,I die evri tym
,Recommended,248820,33054134,Posted: 30 June,all,uVeins,"Pretty freaking hard, you can't relax for a second, this is a rushing game.Music is great and so is the gameplay"
,Recommended,248820,12558641,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,FlauntingZimbabwe,"this game, put me in an insane asylum for 35 years and still have not gotten over my addiction. they let me out knowing nobody could help my problem"
,Recommended,248820,12483338,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Unavailable,"Fun platformer, try it for yourself."
,Recommended,248820,29886414,Posted: 12 February,all,SOCOM,"it's pretty fun, actually."
,Recommended,248820,9162118,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,PatrickMoonDog,Great game
76561198035912685,Recommended,248820,8070774,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Poptart Legend,"a very good game, is mutch more fun than it looks, its ausome stupid fun"
,Recommended,248820,28104916,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Juice in the Oven,"Great concept and well-implemented. Lot's of replayability, various items and monsters and a fitting art-,level-, and sound/music design. Would recommend.Only thing that bothers are some rare bugs now and then, but I am looking forward of them getting fixed."
,Recommended,248820,12295680,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Grim,"This is a really fun game to play with your buddys, but it is also fun to play solo."
,Recommended,248820,8185564,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Dark^nys,"This game is real fun. Many classes, difficult the longer you last, and addicting. Although I have one problem; No cloud saves. I just re-downloaded this game on my new PC and none of my stuff was there. :(Overall, 8/10. (If cloud saves come out; 9.5/10)"
,Recommended,248820,24322024,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Genghis Khan's Righteous Mom,"Risk of Rain is a difficult rogue like game that has a lot of replay value.Risk of Rain is a difficult rogue like game with lots of glitches, crashes, button mashing and uneven characters.Great game but has some issues but I recommend it for when it goes on sale"
76561197980364074,Recommended,248820,9359026,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Codester,"My favorite rogue-like. Everything about this game is great. A very special mention to the soundtrack, which even by itself is a thing of beauty."
,Recommended,248820,20297425,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Pillow push,Where the multiplayer at tho?
,Not Recommended,248820,20548384,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,clefru,"I don't get the hype. After 5 minutes you learn all about your abilities and whatever items you happen to find. Then it gets repeatative never ending cycle of: evade, turn around, shoot."
76561198043867491,Recommended,248820,20568266,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Vagina Slay3r,Ayy lmao
76561197971877162,Recommended,248820,7659912,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Asses of Fire,Fantastic way to waste time for 10 bucks.
,Not Recommended,248820,35146809,Posted: 23 September,all,qz1,"I guess it's alright, but I despise games where shooting is the main priority and you can't even aim. oof"
,Recommended,248820,7743955,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,McFoul,"Great depth, good indie action platformer. Emphasis on hectic action. Lots of unlocks and secrets, very clever game. You might want a controller though."
,Recommended,248820,31954872,Posted: 25 May,all,Slippery Jack,"It's good stuff; buy the game, play the game, become the game."
76561198125933005,Not Recommended,248820,16085125,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Mexican crystal meth dealer,This game is just unfair
,Recommended,248820,9727296,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,offlane mouth breather,"Oy vey! Join the racially and socially diverse crew of the UES Israelite as they attempt to reclaim their lost dreidels and latkes! But watch out, the bigoted creatures of this planet are after your shekels, and your life! Don't let the silly goyim get ya!Mazel Tov!"
,Recommended,248820,7791675,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Ask,"If you want a game which has interesting combat and a lot to unlock, this will give you value for your moneysound: Best soundtrack i've ever heard from an indie title, sound effects are allright, nothing special but they do the job 8/10Gameplay: A lot of fun, can be played Co-Op with 3 other people and with 10 different classes 9/10Replayability: you can play this game for hundreds of hours without growing tired of it. 10/10Graphics: the game's main weak point , sprites with low pixel qounts , especially on the character you control. 5/10Total: 8/10 Absolutely worth the price, no questions asked"
,Recommended,248820,15827385,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,MXBlood,Best platformer game i have ever play 10/10
,Recommended,248820,10069518,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Jacko,Very Fun 9/10
76561198013755931,Not Recommended,248820,24837232,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Goji,Time wasting too-random not-fun twitchy mess (even after remapping the controls to something not crap) that feels the need to insult players for playing it.
,Recommended,248820,28941285,Posted: 2 January,all,Jack,NOICE
76561198007562457,Recommended,248820,31533880,Posted: 3 May,all,Jaol,Great game
76561198037080732,Recommended,248820,26481568,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Gentleman,"quite easily, this game has one of the best OST that I have ever heard on a video game. Outstanding."
,Recommended,248820,10114761,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Free My Nigga KQLY,its amazing. nuff said.
,Recommended,248820,31617624,Posted: 7 May,all,"Steven, A.D.","As a single player rogue-lite, it's perfect. The multiplayer is a bit questionable at times, however.The netcode has some serious issues (e.g., randomly falling through the ground repeatedly and having to restart), so playing it online seems to cause more frustration than its worth. And the local multiplayer is very restrictive, and splitting up items (the main source of power in the game) seems to make the difficulty skyrocket.All that said, I adore this game. The characters are all enjoyable to play and have their own quirks, and the randomized nature of the game means it's a very enjoyable kind of repetition."
76561198065842194,Recommended,248820,28178402,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ST0PxistingN0W,I looked at the title screen for 55 mins...
,Recommended,248820,13138903,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,digitalSloth,its like 2d binding of isaac with guns
76561198086087452,Recommended,248820,8906672,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,CyberDown,"Good game play, lots of collectables, memorable music."
,Recommended,248820,13556493,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,whoozle,Absolutely brilliant in every aspect!
,Recommended,248820,32830759,Posted: 26 June,all,Senior Tartini,Noice little game.
,Recommended,248820,23640385,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Frogburt,Not half bad 8)8/10
,Not Recommended,248820,16276580,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Rattle Spoons,############################################################################################FATAL ERROR inaction number 1of Create Eventfor object oInit:ds_map_read argument 2 incorrect type expecting a Stringat gml_Object_oInit_Create_0############################################################################################
,Not Recommended,248820,28668545,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,alex.winstead2009,Boring / Repetitive 2D shooter with artifical difficulty (enemies have scaled up hp and damage)
,Not Recommended,248820,32131548,Posted: 2 June,all,Meme-Chan,"I don't get the appeal for this game. It's not like I don't like rogue likes or indie platformers but the platforming in this game is just horrendous to the point that it feels tacked on. The basic gameplay here is so mundane and tedious. Enemies have large health bars and your attacks are weak af. It takes a good 20 seconds to kill some the basic enemies and more than half the time these encounters are boring and predictable and usually involve cheesing the AI. I guess what makes this unappealing is the weak platforming and considering this game is a 2D side scrolling platformer, it is unacceptable.I'm sorry, I tried to like this game but I just couldn't."
,Recommended,248820,21650738,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Metro Retro | gamekit.com,"Basic InformationTitle: Risk of RainGenre: Action, Indie, RPGDeveloper: Hopoo Games, LLCPublisher: ChucklefishRelease Date: 8 Nov, 2013OverviewRisk Of Rain is a Rogue-like, difficult game with 2D pixelated graphics, and definatly in my top 10 games on steam. The game itself is pretty solid and provides a ton of replay value. It has some RNG in the game which adds to the replay value of the game itself. It has Multiplayer which is really fun when you have a few buddies to help you through the game.Game PlayRisk Of Rain is a Rogue-like game, which means that you know this game isn't going to be easy. It has perma-death and survival elements in the game that really make the game what it is. When you first start off playing this game you might die, A lot. You will not complete this game in you're first few runs. You are going to need to learn and adapt to your situations and how you're going to survive this. The game is really fun, even though you might die a lot and get fustrated you'll want to come back to it and play 'one' more time. The basic of what you have to do is to find the portal, activate it and then survive until you kill all the enmies on the area then teleport to the next area. As 'easy' as this sounds it's really not. You are kind of up against a timer in some aspects, the longer you are staying in the area the harder it'll get. But why would you stay in the area and not go straight to the portal? Well to collect items you need to open chests, to open chests you need enough money, to get money you need to kill enemies, to kill enemies you have to wait until they spawn. So the process forces you to stay in a area to get the items that are in the chest. A really coll mechanic if you ask me. The game has a nice variety of characters and powerups that you collect on you're journey. Other collectable include secret artifacts that you can use to modify you're game to make it a bit different. For example one of the artifacts will called Glass does the following: Deal 500% damage, but have 10% health. There are 9 others and you can put these into you're runs if you want to variey you're gaming experience with this game. This adds replay value and makes this game really enjoyable. There are a few glitches that I have encountered while playing the game, such as when you start a new run you will just continously fall through the world, and sometimes the enemies would freeze and you can't kill them or do anything.Score (Out Of 10): 9 - Besides a few minor bugs the game is superb! Really high replay value and some really interesting collectable to keep you playing more and more.Graphics/art styleThe game itself really has done well with the pixelated graphics, Especially all the animations of the characters and their own personal abilities that they have. That along with the huge amount of enemies that you encounter throughout playing a few runs is really impressive. Some of the bosses are really well animated with their attacks as well. Everything just really seems to fit in with this sort of game play that this game has to offer. It doesn't seem lazy with the animations that some games have, it really seems that the developers put a lot of effort in the animtations and general art style of this game.Score (Out Of 10): 10 - Beautifully done pixel graphics with some really nice animations from the characters you play to the enemies that you defeat.Music & SoundThe music and the soudns kind of bring this game down a little bit. The sounds are a bit generic for my taste and the music isn't really all that it could be. If the game could add some more music and some more variation then I would really like to hear that. Otherwise for the time being I will be listening to my own music while playing this game.Score (Out Of 10): 5 - Could have a bit more music variation and not as generic sounds.ConclusionThis game is really fun. If you can see past some of the generic sounds and repeptitive music of the game then it is really fun. The graphics for this game are superb, and the animtations are in no way 'lazy.' Each character and enemie have their own custom animations. It also has a high replay value which is wha you want in these difficult, perma-death rogue-like games. Really fun with friends or playing solo!For more reviews on a wide range of games, go and followGood Games Giveaways & Reviewscurator grouphere."
,Not Recommended,248820,28601071,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Joedex,The online co-op was a little tedious setting up
,Not Recommended,248820,16905178,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Faxen,"Pretty awful multiplayer, devs refuse to do anything about it."
76561198068765145,Not Recommended,248820,28799015,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Cericus,"I tried really hard to like this game but most of the time its just a walking simulator as you waste time trying to find the one guy still alive at the other end of the map, or find the teleporter, or find that one chest you wanna open because you have tons of cash that resets at the end of every level..."
,Not Recommended,248820,12733775,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,JohnMcBurney,THIS GAME IS A BUGGY PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,248820,31961072,Posted: 25 May,all,ThatGuyInYourBasement,I can't get it to work I've tried everything and maybe I am just stupid but it won't work. I've even went through the files to get it to work and re-installed it countless times but no dice. If you can help that would be....helpful.
,Not Recommended,248820,31978221,Posted: 26 May,all,[BoB]More Husky skinhub.com,"Bought game to play with my friend, tried everything and still cant join his game"
76561198010287273,Not Recommended,248820,28957898,Posted: 2 January,all,Kinetic Waffle,"So, I bought a four pack of this game, and I'm *utterly* disappointed.First up, the multiplayer is port forwarding nonsense or hamachi business. You know what other games do that? Age of Empires 2. Not the new one, the *old* AoE 2. HoMM3. Things from an age of gaming ago. This is antiquated multiplayer that is completely garbage, and frankly just lazy on the dev's part. Literally says online coop, and is on steam, but no... you've gotta screw around with this stupid nonsense to even get it working in this day and age.Then, the multiplayer. Oh, the multiplayer...There's this little thing in RoR that involves framerates- they can differ from person to person when you have a few hundred enemies on screen at once all pulling crazy pixel attacks everywhere that makes a computer choke up a bit. But if in multiplayer this happens at different levels, instead of time slowing down like in single player, the game just chokes this out as extreme levels of lag on the end of the person with the lower framerate.Sure, it'd be playable in theory- if you all have the exact same level of uber processor- but if one person has a janky computer, or even if you all do and view different screens at once because you're not in the exact same place? You're totally screwed, and everyone will die in a reflex perfect game,This is an amazing single player game, but selling this as a co-op experience with a four player pack to buy as if it's something you can enjoy online with your friends is a joke. I'd say this is probably the least functional multiplayer game in my library, level with No Man's Sky for how enjoyable the online experience is.You're close to making something perfect here, Hoopoo, but my god... one of the elements of this games advertisement I found most appealing was the biggest letdown, and you have some pretty serious work still to do on the online elements of RoR, given you made co-op experience three years ago."
,Not Recommended,248820,32496147,Posted: 16 June,all,TenSpaces,"Before I start: I want to recommend this game but the stability issues in this game can't go unnoticed. I've beaten the game twice in multiplayer and crashed both times while loading the credits, erasing all progress in those runs. While it is viable to go into the game data file and edit values to compensate for lost progress, the game should be able to save character progress throughout the run in order to prevent this sort of mishap.Moving on, the actual content of the game is great. The character selection is nice and there's much to unlock and accomplish. I've spent a few hours in singleplayer and multiplayer each trying to get artifacts and achievements. There's a decent variety of characters with a range of abilities. Item unlocks are based on character achievements, so there's a lot to unlock and many in-game achievements to hunt.Level design is good as well. Can't really complain here other than about how you might have to venture across the map to clean up enemies after the teleporter fight.Multiplayer is easy enough to setup if you can port-forward. As stated earlier, the game has some bugs with multiplayer, but it's fine for the most part.TLDR: RoR is definitely worth picking up if it's on sale or you don't mind the risk of crashing. It's a great game held back by some bugs. So much to do in the game and it's a fun game to play with friends."
76561198157932983,Not Recommended,248820,33297193,Posted: 5 July,all,I wrestled a bear once,You will play this game on the lowest setting for over 20 hours and each time you will be beaten by the final boss. It's a ball ache don't bother.
76561198090084504,Not Recommended,248820,32555733,Posted: 18 June,all,Bobin Bagner,fun game but still contains a deadly glitch that causes a black screen instantly on startupthis thing has been in this game for years nowwhy?
76561198156030680,Not Recommended,248820,33094996,Posted: 1 July,all,Mr. Christmas,"For some reason, whenever i try to open the game, it is only a black screen and is completely unplayable, i've tried redownloading it several times yet it still won't work. Please fix."
,Recommended,248820,13160570,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,DeadPanHunger,"Punishing, but really enjoyable little rougelike with emphasis on fast paced action and easy to learn but difficult to master classes. Each class has it's own set of skills which will significantly change the way you play, but unfortunately only one (out of ten) is available from the start.As with most rougelikes; levels, items and enemies are procedurally generated and permadeath is enabled but game never feels unfair, since every playthrough offers something new. Due to it's difficulty and random nature it will require speed, precision and adaptability. Luckily there are a lot of items spread out around the level that will provide passive and active bonuses like increased rate of fire or various status effects, as well as more interesting ones which I'm not going to spoil since discovering new item and monster log entries will be your main source of accomplishment in early stages of the game. However as you unlock more drops and get familiar with each class, things will get easier. This is the point where time becomes your biggest enemy (well...besides all the other big enemies). Game implements a timer in the upper right corner that will gradually increase difficulty as time passes, forcing you to find a balance between becoming more powerful and just getting to the next level with all your bits intact. It provides a nice compromise, keeping a challenging gameplay, but still providing the feeling of controling an unstopabble killing machine.There are some problems on the technical side, like the occasional but gut-wrenching crash that will erase your progress and leave you sobbing, unresponsive controls in menus (especially if you're using gamepad) and problems with online co-op conectivity and Steam achievements. I would also be amiss not to mention brilliant sountrack and appealing pixel art.All in all, in a sea of rougelikes this one manages to stand on it's own, providing responsive shooting mechanics, hordes of different enemies and items and a great balance between frustrating and adrenaline-pumping gameplay. A great value for money."
,Recommended,248820,7672331,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,TacoWaffle,"Cool pixel art, lots of death. What's not to love?"
,Not Recommended,248820,29855741,Posted: 11 February,all,ecks dee,So my friend bought this and in less than an hour he returned it because it kept freezing when we tried to play together. Its ok in single player but... NOT WORTH 10.99
76561198037745833,Not Recommended,248820,15191032,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Officer cocker,0/10 Paid 10$ a week ago
,Not Recommended,248820,16567856,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,anyo ainyaseuo,"Help & Assistance needed, whenever I start the game it crashes straight away with the message:FATAL ERROR inaction number 1of Create Eventfor object oInit:ds_map_read argument 2 incorrect type expecting a Stringat gml_Object_oInit_Create_0Its dont this ever since iv paid for the game, please help."
,Not Recommended,248820,33397327,Posted: 9 July,all,Guillerminimo,"This game came out almost 4 yours ago and somehow it still has the same issues and bugs.Ok, let's put aside the fact that playing online is not trivial as it requires you to do some work. Let's put aside the horrible controller configuration if you're playing with an xbox controller (now I have the Steam Controller and it solves perfectly this problem). What I can't tolerate is the fact that the game crashes. A lot. In different computers. Even after reinstalling the game. I've read about this bugs since 2014, I've suffered in 2015 and now, in 2017, it still crashes.I bought a 4-pack and some friends were able to play it with relatively no problem (controller configs, hosting games, etc), so I never even tried to ask for a refund.So yeah, from what I've been able to play this is a cool game, I guess if it worked perfectly it would be a great game, but if there's no guarantee that you can play for more than 10 minutes without any random crash I can't recommend this game ever, and that's a shame."
76561197963563514,Not Recommended,248820,33551751,Posted: 14 July,all,morderkaine,"Game doesn't work. Just a black screen with sound. Others have complained about it, zero response from the dev in the 2 weeks this has been happening. I guess this game is ignored now."
76561198025079990,Not Recommended,248820,33120034,Posted: 2 July,all,luu26,co op mode forces both players to play the same character that looks completely identical  could not tell who was who.  this is a major oversight  at least change the colors.  weapon powers were mediocre  c mon!!!! machine gun vs more different machine gun vs slightly more different machine are my powers?  things are too small to see.   why cant i shoot at an angle like in contra.  the damn jelly are obnoxious and do not add to the game esp since they can attack you from any angle.   i think im going to commit suicide by jelly fish after this game.  2/5 stars.
76561198012942245,Not Recommended,248820,33437846,Posted: 10 July,all,enisbayramoglu,"I really like Risk of Rain, under normal circumstances I'd recommend it, but the game has a random crash bug, which gets triggered around once every 30 minutes or so, which means I can NEVER finish a game. I guess that's one thing every game needs to be able to do; not crash randomly."
76561198072897408,Recommended,248820,14641262,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Goudreault Jr,You ever have that one game that you love but you just keep getting your♥♥♥♥♥kicked?10/10 This is that game
,Recommended,248820,12458234,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Monday,"Other than its painfully ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls, this game is amazing 7/10  (-3 because of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls)"
,Recommended,248820,9101594,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,obcapers,"most games usually start out with a european/american sidescroller difficulty, the objective of most games is to buff yourself up as much as possible before it becomes like a japaneese sidescroller"
,Recommended,248820,8186699,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,mudjoe2,actually crack cocaine
,Not Recommended,248820,28684495,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Simon,"Multiplayer doesnt work, only with 20 minutes fixing the game..."
76561198064382841,Not Recommended,248820,32012855,Posted: 27 May,all,|WT| RZA,"Oh man i mean i picked this game up 75% off for $2.50 so i dont really give a♥♥♥♥♥♥but wow these controls are horrid, huge barrier right off the bat, i mean you cant even bind skills to the mouse... the ♥♥♥♥? so i have to move with wasd and use skills with my right hand on the keyboard also? just feels so awkward. I hear its better with a controller but all i have is an xbox one controller and apparently this game is too old for that to even work? yeah looked like a cool game on paper but the controls are ruining it for me."
,Not Recommended,248820,19301316,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,aspirin,this guy jumps like a 6th grader
,Not Recommended,248820,20051277,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,DeadnCryin,not fun for single players.
76561198019291162,Not Recommended,248820,14730301,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Kony's Kucumbers,It Didnt Rain .....
,Not Recommended,248820,20634716,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,tater tot tiger,I regret buying this game :)
76561198058648342,Not Recommended,248820,18450336,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Vroom Vroom,The ship wasnt the only think that crashed...
,Not Recommended,248820,32546364,Posted: 18 June,all,wielkizielonymelon,"Game unfortunatelly contains many bugs and is unplayable at some point. This usually happens when more powerful bosses spawn or if you try a mode with pumped up bosses from start.It's shame, because the game is really fun to play."
,Recommended,248820,8797066,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,RoflBlast,Worth the weight. Buy it and start playing.
,Recommended,248820,16312786,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Harry,lol
,Not Recommended,248820,33428278,Posted: 10 July,all,UP,i can't play this error game.when i run this game my screen is always Black! but i still hear a sound of game.what's wrong with this game?win10 i7 7700 gtx1070 ram32gb
,Not Recommended,248820,33409480,Posted: 9 July,all,StealthyDead,"Game black screens on launch.  Only way to fix is to not play full screen (like a peasant) or to find the .exe file and run in Compatibility mode with Windows 8 EVERY time you want to launch it (which is often with the crashes).  Furthermore, having to manually enter ip addresses and forward ports to play a game with a friend in 2017 is ridiculous.  ""Invite to game""  ""Join game"" is as far as that should go.  The developers are obviously too lazy to come up with a decent joining system.  Less than an hour on game, waiting for refund.  My friend and I both are waiting on refunds, as this was HILARIOUSLY difficult, and we never successfully connected to each other's game.  This isn't worth $2, let alone $10."
76561198113060873,Not Recommended,248820,15734705,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Lgman120,"Risk of rain is the worst game on the steam market since whenever i try to open it, it doesnt do crap, it just go black for a sec then stops responding"
76561198041699470,Not Recommended,248820,21220740,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,"Chef ""Neversaves"" Zakarian","I just couldn't get into this game. I wanted to, I just didn't find it fun."
,Not Recommended,248820,30136647,Posted: 24 February,all,MarkDarkness,"This is not a bad game. It really isn't. The music is awesome, the graphics are stylish, and the ideas are interesting. But it's just kind of... boring. You slowly walk around looking for a teleporter, then you fight some giant boss, and after you kill it, the really tedious part starts. You slowly walk around looking for stray enemies to finish off before... you guessed it! You slowly have to walk back to the teleporter. Rinse and repeat. And it's a shame too, because there are so many interesting items to collect and such, but this game is not looking like it will get much better if I invest more time on it. To me it's a no, but I'm sure there is an audience for it. Watch a few gameplay videos before reaching a conclusion about this one."
76561198045737800,Not Recommended,248820,16020553,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Mark,This game seems really under developed. Am I missing something?
,Recommended,248820,19084130,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,cguy21,"10/10 made of flappy bird's tears, dark soul's soul, and super meat boy's skin"
,Recommended,248820,23244656,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,TeenJackBauer,6/10 TJBs
76561198272009677,Not Recommended,248820,23834943,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Haydn,This game does not work on my windows 10 computer no matter what I do to try to make it work.  PLEASE FIX!!!!!
,Not Recommended,248820,12185787,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"This is difficult because there is a lot of love for this game. I enjoyed most of my time with it, but ultimately, cannot recommend it. The camera feels very zoomed out (even when I zoom in), making some of the wonderfully-made pixel art difficult to really appreciate. There are alot of items, but few are really memorable. I always was looking for item-triggered excitement similiar to how I would feel in BOI when getting a super powerful weapon. Not the case here. The alternate playable characters have very different playstyle that is probably cool, but once I beat the game I had little interest in really fleshing that out.My number one complaint is that the entire game feels *really* grindy: its just unleashing a bullet-hell on monsters, retreat to refill the meters, and repeat.I never tried multiplayer."
,Recommended,248820,7743880,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,RetroGR,There's no Risk in buying this game ;DMy Video Review! Enjoy...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YtLXB4h8usg
,Recommended,248820,25101353,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Gotouu21,Good.
,Recommended,248820,16844629,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Twinkie,Ainda não percebo como eu faço qualquer progresso neste jogo
,Recommended,248820,7643265,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,painkillers,ur dead LOL get wrecked
,Recommended,248820,24965051,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,ASpoopyPixel,Death is a ♥♥♥♥♥
76561197997849993,Recommended,248820,20259468,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Azzwipe,Yes
,Recommended,248820,9268782,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Herrington,"Finally back in the video game saddle this week, and to celebrate, I decided to review a game that I have missed terribly over the past week of pure hell and torture that the flu brought upon me.Ok. This game sucks. I appreciate that you tried to overthrow EA's train game monopoly with Risk of Trains, but come on, a 2D train platformer? No way. The only appeal of a game about trains is buying all of the dlc upon the initial purchase of the game, as proven by the fan base of our ever beloved train classic Train Simulator 2013. The first mistake the devlopers of this train wreck made was not including $10,000 worth of available DLC, or any at all! What are all of the train-obsessed autists going to do with nothing to waste money on? C'mon.Stats:Gameplay: ""Dog Graphics [10/10]"" -BartlebyMultiplayer: Absolute ♥♥♥♥ing dogshit. Seriously tried to play for 3+hours with no results. It actually didn't work once. 5 StarsSound: Very sorry, I can't review sound without my glassesGraphics: ""It's like Terraria with guns. Oh wait Terraria has guns [63Ninendos/64Nintenbros"" -BartlebySpookiness Rating: 21/20 The multiplayer actually gave me nightmares.Post-MatchYeah, it's okay. worth the $6 I paid for it. 0/5okay.. 1/5"
,Not Recommended,248820,29390271,Posted: 20 January,all,budsy,Keyboard control aren't working.
,Recommended,248820,25107528,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,๖Haze,"It doesn't matter if you start as a melee, you'll end up ranged in the end."
,Recommended,248820,8562003,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Zephroze,"205/10, would play 20.5 times"
,Recommended,248820,26257027,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,GROM,make autistic man mad because i took his chests
,Not Recommended,248820,19901796,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Dmanfur,"This was a free game, and still is avaliable as incomplete game.  The free version seems to have the same types of mechanics and are very much similar to each other."
,Not Recommended,248820,20634870,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Dreiszen,"This game is what it says it is- an arena-based roguelite platformer-shooter. Its parts don't really come together.The game has really stylish presentation and hints at a deeper story than ""space wizard blows up cargo ship"", but it really clashes with obvious VIDEOGAMES elements like everything being on cooldowns and enemies spawning in plain sight as a timer counts down and the difficulty meter goes up. You spawn into a room and dudes also start to spawn. Nothing is explained to you, except that you have to find a teleporter. The fact that it doesn't play or look like a plot-driven experience makes it bothersome that lore tomes are dropping in the middle of gunfights, but trying to enjoy the story and atmosphere they're presenting is muddled by it being pushed off to the side as arenas to kill lizardmen in.The gameplay flow isn't great either. Keyboard controls use the arrow keys, with abilities mapped to Z/X/C/V. Enemies are too difficult (read: have far too many HP) to be reasonably taken on in a stand-up gunfight and spawn faster than you can kill them off, so it seems like you should get to the clean-cut goal the game presents you and move on, but once you defeat the boss you still have to kill everything else in the level before you can leave. (For scale: your starting attack does ~5-6 damage for two hits and fires about three times a second. The first enemy you'll encounter has 100 HP.) There are flying enemies, but you can only shoot left or right, and even though they apparently have the least HP of any enemy, that just means they only have a little more than half health after a hit from the starting character's most powerful ability. The first boss I encountered is just a large version of this enemy that moves towards you and tries to sit on you and kill through contact damage, making it identical to its smaller versions save that its sprite is too large to be jumped over and it has in excess of 5000 HP. The evasive roll gives you i-frames, but using it with good enough timing to avoid incoming attacks moves you so far away that you can't use it to hold your ground, and most actual attacks are easily avoided by jumping anyway. Everything costs money and progressively gets more expensive, but you don't carry any over between levels. Altogether, the result isn't a horrible experience, just a tedious and grindy one. It's usually not so terribly unfair that I blamed the game for my losses. It's just that I don't lose because I get tired after fighting the same teleporting elite enemy for six minutes and alf-f4 out instead of killing the other 59.I avoided this game for some time. A significant warning sign is that this game is published by the developers of Starbound, another procedurally generated sidescroller that also has no sense of design and no idea how to put its pieces together, but a friend convinced me to get it for co-op. An advance warning: one of you will need to host, and that means one of you will need to port forward. Odds are that you either have already done this or can do it easily, but the point is that the game has no matchmaking or dedicated servers, nor does it have integrated multiplayer to ease the host-and-play process.If you like microscopic pixel art and ""hard games"" that hype up how often you die then I guess this is a fine choice, but the gameplay didn't click for me. I picked it up on sale for $2.50, so I don't feel super ripped off, but I wouldn't do it again."
76561198090873353,Recommended,248820,28931688,Posted: 1 January,all,Gammy,Its aight. P Fun
,Recommended,248820,9119944,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,SurgicalGlitch,This game is so basic yet so fun! Pick it up asap!
,Not Recommended,248820,10666661,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Ghost Matter,"Recommend only if you love (and possibly, are good at) rogue-likes. If you don't, you can still enjoy it, it's addictive but too frustrating. The difficulty ramps up too quickly and unlocking takes way too much time.Pro:- Fantastic atmosphere (music, graphics)- Items are often awesome.Cons:- Unlocking takes too much time- Controls are iffy rarely, but too often in critical moments (ropes)- Difficulty uneven and increases too fast- Only items and enemies are randomly generated, so disregard people who say it's ""procedurally generated""."
76561198061409813,Not Recommended,248820,31502156,Posted: 2 May,all,jdeloach85,Online Co-op trying to connect with a friend is a nightmare
76561198151012204,Not Recommended,248820,15731258,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,💀  BASTINDA,MULTIPLAYER NEVER WORKED AND STILL NOT WORKING. spend night with tonns of FIXes . NOTHING . How long we need to wait more DUDES ??? DO SOMTHING ALREADY PLZ
,Not Recommended,248820,29830022,Posted: 10 February,all,Glutini,RNG: The video game
76561198119586050,Recommended,248820,20630328,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Destructodong,"Arthur Morris (1922–2015) was an Australian cricketer who played 46 Test matches between 1946 and 1955. He is best known as a prominent member of the ""Invincibles"", a team that went undefeated on their tour of England in 1948. In his teens, Morris became the first player ever to score two centuries on his first-class debut. After serving in the Australian Army during the Second World War, he made his Test debut against England. He scored a century in his third match and two more hundreds in the following Test, becoming only the second Australian to score a hundred in each innings of an Ashes Test. By 1950, he was Australia's vice-captain and had amassed nine Test centuries with a batting average over 65. Thereafter his form declined, and his career ended after his first wife became terminally ill in 1955. In later life, Morris served as a trustee of the Sydney Cricket Ground for over twenty years. Selected in the Australian Cricket Board's Team of the Century in 2000 and inducted into the Australian Cricket Hall of Fame in 2001, he is widely regarded as one of Australia's most successful left-handed batsmen."
,Not Recommended,248820,31970949,Posted: 26 May,all,Ferks,"Want to play it, but can't. Tried various fixes for 2 hours and nothing worked. I can't recommend a game that won't even launch :( It's a shame because I was looking forward to playing, oh well."
,Recommended,248820,7677149,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Hahahrawrrahaha,Download the demo off of indie-db and make sure you enable controller and bind the keys. Then play the demo for as long as it takes to convince you to spend the measly 10 dollars to buy this gem!
76561198237914524,Not Recommended,248820,33014749,Posted: 29 June,all,filip.fabianski,"So i've finally bought the game I heard so much good about. I really wanted to play local co-op with my gf. We love broforce, and metal slugs and we wanted something similar yet new.But this game doesn't recognise my logitech f310 controller at all. I red about it on forums and it seems they never fixed the issue. So i bought a game i can't really play.I just want my money back."
,Not Recommended,248820,28953745,Posted: 2 January,all,lazertRex,"This game has so much potential but the first character/levels really turned me off. It reminds me a bit of Bangai-O (which is difficult in it's own right) , but the diffirence is, Bangai-O eases you into the difficulty and provides weapons to defend yourself from the start. The first levels of this forces you to run away. That might even be OK if it didn't increase enemy spawns as time increases. This one detail would increase playability if removed."
76561198049412810,Not Recommended,248820,19313095,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Old_Name.,Boring after 367 hours.
,Not Recommended,248820,21644865,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Teru,"Attacks feel weak and useless and unrewarding at all, the pixel graphics are so simplistic they genuinely hurt your eyes, the camera is so zoomed out that you can barely make anything out even with the max zoom in setting, the difficulty even in the easiest levels was just gross.Not a fun game whatsoever, thank god for the refund option. Thanks, Valve."
,Not Recommended,248820,20652462,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,xysium,i just got a tumor
,Recommended,248820,13111096,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,45,There wasn't even 1 storm cloud in the whole game.
76561198301487899,Not Recommended,248820,22752484,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,MrRedDeeds,"well i wasted my money, all i get is a black screen... i thought id enjoy this game but i search on everything and tried everything.. im runnung windows 10 and theres no fix. I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!"
,Not Recommended,248820,29950304,Posted: 15 February,all,MouseThe,"I want to like this game so badly, but it's way too difficult to progress, especially with the one and only class they start you out with. I find myself running around, stopping to turn around, firing off a shot, spamming the roll button, and running around for another 3 or 4 seconds to wait til my abilities refresh. thats not fun. running around a map that always looks the same isnt fun. enemies clump together which make it impossible to navigate without taking heavy damage. i never felt confident i could survive encounters, the items i had never felt like enough. at one point i had filled an entire row with items and then some, and yet i still felt like i was desperate to survive. not fun at all. every other class looks like so much more fun, and they start you off with a very bad canidate to hook you in to the game.i suppose if you like dying with unfair difficulty this is the game for you"
76561198079482440,Recommended,248820,9147440,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,DuffelPuffel,"I was definetly sceptical about this purchase at first, however I see now that this game is SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO worth every cent you put into it and more! Its always a fun challenge and the sound track is absolutly BRILLIANT! Its kind of like a platformer thats more focused on combat (which by the way, is also great with very clean mechanics for your fight style. I still like to use an xbox controller though) than the actual platforming bit. There are small elements of a platformer but mostly jumping. Reminds you its a combative exploration game. With an awsome pixel art style to boot! There is one negative though. There is a lack of online servers so if you want to have an online game, you will either need to post it yourself or goto one the server website that lets you know the ip's of the people in game or lobby. I dont remember the name but your smart enough to find it yourself. However, this game is great for local co-op."
,Not Recommended,248820,11963585,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Blitz™,"Not worth getting if you want to co-op with friends. The developers could've easily used UPNP packages from M$, but they chose not to."
,Not Recommended,248820,31955905,Posted: 25 May,all,www.twitch.tv/trashholev2,The Multiplayer is ♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,248820,32080803,Posted: 31 May,all,Cuix,"Who thought that starting off boring and empty before a suddenly exponential difficulty curve was a good idea? The music is well-made, though the leitmotif is perhaps too forward in most tracks, and the pixel art is gorgeous, but in terms of actual gameplay there's just too much of a focus on huge spaces and tiny things occupying them, from your character to all of the incoming threats, and the soon-cluttered UI is no great help. Even better is the way that settings in the options menu are not saved between sessions. This game seems entirely overrated. It's not terrible, but there are far better options out there."
76561198035484020,Not Recommended,248820,32020543,Posted: 28 May,all,Jordi,"While the game looks interesting and could be nice the difficulty is hilariously hard even on ""very easy"". I do enjoy a fair challenge (big fan of the Dark Souls saga) but getting to the teleporter on the first level and being instantly swarmed by tens of enemies that you, most provably have no chance of surviving at all  is not really fun. This means no unlocks too, so there is a good chance most players will never get past the first level."
,Not Recommended,248820,32670346,Posted: 23 June,all,Cvdm,I can't jump high enough to kill something. So the game can't end.
,Not Recommended,248820,22487707,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,sammy,"i got it for trading cards, it gave me cancer"
,Recommended,248820,28605440,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Kamita,10 10 gude
,Recommended,248820,35066978,Posted: 19 September,all,Sean,probably good
,Not Recommended,248820,25194600,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,[BoG] Nixxaras,"OK, it's a fun game, but it has never been updated or enhanced once since version 1.0It's a bit too hard and cryptic to get how to unlock characters. Game lacks balance. Sad."
76561197970434765,Not Recommended,248820,34553200,Posted: 28 August,all,[JL]Batman,"Resolutions are terrible. I've got nearly 600 games in my account, many of them are rogue-like and in the pixellated style view, but this is the only one that has such abysmal resolution support that it is nearly unplayable.Also, wasn't near as fun as the others, but that's very possibly because it's stupid with resolutions. Try playing with 4 friends, and your characters are the size of a literal tip of a pen. Go to full screen you think? Ah, then it's a black screen on this montior. Again, only game I've got that does this,. and it's a bug that has existed apparently for 3 years."
,Not Recommended,248820,9163228,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Sebine,"I like the game, I really do. But what kind of crook-nosed rooster-sucking fatherless sack of crap assigns the LEVEL LOOP command to the NEXT LEVEL button at the final god be ♥♥♥♥ing damned teleporter!?WHAT KIND OF GOD BE DAMNED RETARD DOES THAT?!"
76561198018744219,Not Recommended,248820,28912474,Posted: 1 January,all,DarthHater,multiplayer is terrrible
76561198067444037,Recommended,248820,21011401,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Heiach,"Incredible game.. so much fun (especially with friends) and very, very challenging. It's definitely replayable, I'd heartily recommend it:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1yMLdg6LWDk"
,Recommended,248820,20635236,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,lockwoodx,"I'm glad I picked this up once another sale hit. The controls are fluid, soundtrack awesome, great risk vs reward, lots of item and unlock variety, guns/attacks feel solid, well written flavor text, just the right amount of difficulty, and reminds me of a quality platformer from the SNES days. Money well spent. The only downside is a janky online multiplayer that's outdated and has connectivity issues."
76561197994700960,Not Recommended,248820,28708914,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,rburdiss,I have been hearing nothing but praise for this game over the past few years and finally decided to pick it up. I jsut really can't fathom why so many people praise this game. It was not fun at all. I love me some grind but only if it's fun which this was not.
,Not Recommended,248820,9936172,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Annaïg Hoïnart,Risk of Bugs
,Not Recommended,248820,9099344,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Thorthgar,Online multiplayer is a pain to get working with opening ports and tinkering with the ingame settings and random bugs. not worth the time.
76561198011945850,Recommended,248820,8600880,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Budd Weaver,"This game, makes me happy in my special places. I can't believe I paid 10 dollars for it, in a good way. I would have paid 20 for this game. This game is good ol fashion, yell at monitor, run till your cooldowns are up, turn around and unleash Hell fun. Get it!Least that's what I would say if the sound still worked. A lot of people are having this issue too. I'll update this review if they fix this POS.Last update seems to have fixed the sound, so I'm happy again!"
76561198048827050,Not Recommended,248820,9098721,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Zen,"Now for the record I do enjoy this game and I agree with most of the positive comments below. However it feels like online co-op is reserved for people with some form of arcane wizardry. I’ve looked in the discussion forums and checked the user made guides (about port forwarding, Hamachi etc) but I just can’t seem to get it to work. Now considering I bought this game almost exclusively for playing with a friend, that’s fairly frustrating! I know that it’s an Indie game and that demanding dedicated servers is unrealistic. Still, I wish there was some sort of ‘definitive’ or ‘official’ guide on how to connect with friends. I feel a bit misled by the promise of being able to play with ‘3 friends in online co-op’ on the Steam storefront.As it stands, ‘Risk of Rain’ is a reasonably fun game that I’ll probably tire of in a handful of hours.  Fighting off never ending hoards of hostile life forms just isn’t the same without a buddy to cover your behind."
76561197984585641,Not Recommended,248820,9950694,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Bullfinch,"Interesting roguelike platformer for sure. However the difficulty is punnishing, and there's no real sense of progression. It gets pretty tedious after an hour or so."
,Not Recommended,248820,10018757,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Amor Fati 117,"I'm glad I only paid $2 for this game, although I'm sorry I paid anything at all. The game is just... terribly designed. It is nothing but a tedious grind all the way through without a single attractive looking thing to look at while you do it. Also, gamepad support was only partially featured when I played it, which was annoying. Don't waste your time with this."
,Recommended,248820,20633572,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,chesse20,"you know what they say. no risk, no rain.please upvote my review if you liked my pun"
,Not Recommended,248820,9941095,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,SuperSonicBlur,"The game is solid and fun for a while. once you try to get multiplay though, oh boy! Good luck trying, multiple times I've tried to get this game to work on multiplayer, including demiliterizing my pc from the router AND having the firewall turned off,  it is not worth your time to try and set it up. Once that happens, you'll find that you wont pick this game up again."
,Not Recommended,248820,11077214,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,poopfart,Big risks in the rain game. Discover the extreme lifestyle of those who choose to get wet while staying dry.
76561198057536234,Not Recommended,248820,9975545,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,WestonRZ,"My computer is capable of running almost all games on at least 70 FPS but when it comes to this game, i get frames around 15 for no apparent reason. Please find a fix."
,Not Recommended,248820,9104139,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,❤Andersen,"lazy and sh'itty developer.... didn't finish the multiplayer -.-really annoyingI tried port forwarding, but it didn't. I've port forwaded servers before, so i didn't do anything wrong."
,Not Recommended,248820,10673440,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,jakmsu,"I think this could be fun in coop, but from my first impression, it's kind of crappy in single player.  It looks like it's going to be a Terraria clone, but it's not.  It's more like The Binding of Isaac in a way... you can only attack in the direction you're facing  (with some exceptions), and there are random powerups that make each playthrough different.  For me, the graphics were the make-or-break (=break) for this game.  In a game like Binding of Isaac or Terraria, the graphics have a style to them and a purpose, but I felt like Risk of Rain just has♥♥♥♥♥♥graphics because of laziness.  I want to play it again with a friend and see how that changes the dynamic, but I probably won't be touching single player again, unless I just want to kill a few minutes."
,Recommended,248820,24745805,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Vince,♥
76561197970538611,Recommended,248820,11607930,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Westenra,I give this game an F.For FUN.
,Not Recommended,248820,16366577,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,NSA put me on watchlist,"When tabbing out, there is no way to come back in game, and can only be deleted by using ctrl+alt+del and ending riskofrain.exeTurning the game from full screen to window freezes my computerI have played 4 games and twice I was teleporting from top to the bottom, back in forth, like when one shoots a portal on the ceiling and ground and jumps in in the Portal series.I need hamachi to play with a friend, which requires an irritable download process.Literally the shitiest game I have ever played. I have only played for like 30 minutes in two days and All this ♥♥♥♥ing nonsense happens."
,Not Recommended,248820,29924866,Posted: 14 February,all,TheFusor,So a game on Steam that dosent allow multiplayer through steam ... why is this piece of doo doo even on here ? cant play with friends without punching in their ip address which is difficult to get specially opening a port. Refunding . .
76561197969882528,Not Recommended,248820,9072357,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,49thSutek,"Everything about this game is terrible.  Unlike other games, the pixelated graphics aren't quaint.  The music is poor.  And, the gameplay is worse than both of these.  The AI is extremely primitive and the levels are relatively sparse and tiny.Based on the descriptions, I was expecting something more like Terraria.  This is more like something an average high school student developed as part of an eight hour contest.  I wouldn't play it if it was free.I am wondering if the positive reviews are just a joke.  I feel like I was suckered into buying it."
,Not Recommended,248820,24095967,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Le Ameriga Bear,"I expected a somewhat fast-paced sidescrolling platformer. What I got was walking simulator. It's incredibly slow paced. Note that this is keyboard only and you cannot use your mouse to aim. It takes forever to unlock anything, it's way too slow and the first 5 minutes are just dreadful grinding. I don't recommend this."
76561198019550271,Not Recommended,248820,31993622,Posted: 27 May,all,obstructor,"Started game up.  Did two runs of escalating difficulty until it was so hard there was no way to survive (the game said it was very easy), couldn't figure out point of game, stopped playing."
76561198058839422,Not Recommended,248820,29815035,Posted: 9 February,all,Alucard Hellsing,Game doesnt save and neither do settings
,Not Recommended,248820,29787162,Posted: 8 February,all,BwAp0,"Becomes Dull and repetitive within minutes, even with friends.Also cause the only crash i've ever had on this PC. (owned for 7 months)"
,Not Recommended,248820,24641082,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Kavizimo,"You start having fun, then every enemy becomes a bullet sponge and killing anything becomes a tedious game of run and gun."
76561198180839735,Not Recommended,248820,23916969,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,dAMn,"Dude, if you have windows 10, then DO NOT download the game. It opens the game but it's a black screen with some audio playing. It was fun when I COULD play it but now I cannot. Even when you figure out how to open it (alt+enter), hosting a game and joining one is so confusing. I LOVED this game when it was openable but now its just an annoyance and a waste of my money and time."
,Not Recommended,248820,26039047,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,tired,i didnt get wet0/10
,Not Recommended,248820,32167583,Posted: 3 June,all,Pandur,"Do not ♥♥♥♥ing buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥of a game unless you're super keen on never experiencing multiplayer, I personally am not super computer savvy but the scroll slider on the sider of my screen is small than the nail on my little finger for the list of steps to make this♥♥♥♥♥♥work.So yeah if you're keen on playing alone in a game with a multiplayer option by all means go ahead, but I'm 4 hours of looking deep into this♥♥♥♥♥♥and still can't make it work."
,Not Recommended,248820,28764937,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,mud_scourge_4u,-your character is 2px tall-it's mandatory to kill every enemy on every level which is tedious and has no reward-you can get npc helpers to shoot for you but they get stuck inside cliffs-if you want to play on a lan you have to look up your own local ip address-it's a worse version of soldat with a bunch of glitches
76561198096318404,Not Recommended,248820,25131874,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Kvaz,"This does not appear to be an actual cooperative game: I've never been able to set up multiplayer with friends. (If this changes, I will alter this to a thumbs-up.)The ending is not great: I managed to beat the game on easy.Easy mode isn't actually the game.The title of this game is fantastic."
76561198068089599,Not Recommended,248820,34162452,Posted: 10 August,all,The Voiceless,"I played this game at launch and recently got back into it. The game looks fantastic and the soundtrack is stellar.The problem, however, is that the game is ludicrously unbalanced in almost every aspect of combat. The only way to survive here is to be constantly running away from enemies and turn around to fire one shot at them, then run away again. This is boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥and most enemies can even run as fast as you can, meaning there isn't a single point where you can reliably get a hit on enemies. Melee characters are objectively worse than ranged ones because of this.Having infintely respawning enemies once you activate the boss is one of the worst design decisions I've ever seen. You're told to run away until time runs out, but there's two problems with this. One, it means you have to constantly dodge the boss for 90 seconds while ensuring you get no progress since enemies respawn infinitely and there's no opportunity to attack the boss. This is a pointless time waste as far as I'm concerned. Two, once the smoke clears and the boss is dead, the remaining enemies are sometimes clumped into a swarm on one platform. I legitimately don't understand what the developers expect you to do in that situation. If you're a melee character, you have to restart. If you have a ranged attack, you literally either have to jump onto the platform, fire once, and jump out lest you get overrun immediately, or you have to exploit the enemies' inability to move from the platform and just shoot from safety. This doesn't work on later stages, though, since you'll have an absurd amount of enemies that can teleport and fly while you're stuck running away forever until you die from getting hit from nowhere.The only way to get past this is by getting lucky on some trinket spawns. Some of these make you so overpowered that the game turns into ""quit when you get bored"" instead of the normal ""quit because you can't even attack things"".I really want this game to be good, but I can't in good conscience recommend this. It's so bad it's like they didn't even play test it."
,Recommended,248820,29987937,Posted: 17 February,all,™ Æñç,sigh.   another piece of crap.
76561198149711483,Recommended,248820,24836884,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Nader,I have a friend who has cancer. He wanted me to buy this game. I bought this game to try to cheer him up. You know what happened? I GOT AIDS! How does this happen? You want to know how? Two words. Toe cancer. Anyway this game sucks.
,Recommended,248820,15188942,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Neko-Nomikon,"It's a really fun game. You die pretty easily though, but it's engaging and gives lots and lots of replayability. It will make you always go ""Oh, I'll have one more try..."" and then you end up playing 25 more times."
,Not Recommended,248820,20731551,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Scured Cat,this game is all about luck it you dont get good stuff at the begining your going to have a bad time i have played 8 hours and only had one good run
,Not Recommended,248820,34195283,Posted: 12 August,all,Hello BEAR,"It is with heavy heart that I cannot recommend this game.I do like Risk of Rain, as should be obvious by how much I've played it. It does have some curious balance decisions that are a bit frustrating, but ultimately forgivable.What's not forgivable are the bugs. I am on Linux and about one in every four games I play ends in a crash. I have scoured the internet, tried dozens of fixes, and I still get errors about missing Game Objects. This happens across two different computers running Ubuntu, and even on my windows machine the game has crashed on me a few times. The final straw is the fact that I cannot even unlock the miner because the game crashes every time the boss to unlock him spawns.A few small things that would at least help mitigate the worst of the trouble would be making cloud saving a thing, and also making it so when you unlock something the unlock is instantly recorded into your save file, not at the end of the run. I don't know if this would be enough to make me want to play again but it would be a major step in the right direction.It's too bad because without the bugs this would be an easy recommend, the art is great, the soundtrack is good, gameplay is overall dynamic and interesting, but with this many game breaking bugs I can't even enjoy it anymore."
,Not Recommended,248820,32830230,Posted: 26 June,all,MTLVMPR,Didn't work fullscreen and had 60fps lock
76561198115060606,Not Recommended,248820,10079071,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Lt. Wisner,"DO NOT GET THIS GAME. Even making a SERVER doesnt work. The devs need to fix the obvious problems before anyone should spent money making these idiots rich, IF you want to play this game on single player then it doesn't really matter what I tell you cause that is fine, IF YOU want to play multiplay which is probably the general concenus then dont get it until the obvious glitches are fixed."
,Recommended,248820,7836524,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,EXtraDonut,piece of garbage I give it a 10/10
,Not Recommended,248820,7880025,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,lufia22,"My recommendation is 'No' unless you've played all the other roguelikes out there, as I would recomment those first. RoR is fun, but I don't think it will stick with me and I already find myself tiring of it. RoR is lacking in both the strategy/planning aspect that you might get from a game like FTL and the skill aspect that you might get in a game like Spelunky. Much like Binding of Isaac, your success can heavily vary depending on which items you get, but unlike Isaac, there doesn't feel like as much skill is involved. The main strategy seems to be to kite left or right. There doesn't seem to be too many projectiles to dodge and you can always just run from a fight. I highly recommend Rogue Legacy over this if you want a side-scrolling roguelike. Rogue Legacy feels far more skill intensive. Risk of Rain feels more like the items play the game for you. Either you get lucky and feel massively overpowered or you don't, and you struggle."
76561198022337368,Not Recommended,248820,9062117,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,MarstheMute,Too hard for me. Also I hate games that when you die you have to restart to whole thing over again. Money down the drain for me.
76561198108265420,Not Recommended,248820,10983800,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,✪ アディダス,
,Not Recommended,248820,10002138,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,jake,"lots of reviews and even the description say it's Randomly Generated, but it's always the same map just random item/vine placement. The characters walk SOOOO slow, the enemies are easily avoidable, and theres really no goal. You wander a repetative map getting items that are completely useless since you can just walk past the enemies until you get to the teleporter. Here the difficulty suddenly goes way up and the screen floods with so many enemies you literally can't see your stupid tiny useless character and the boss kills you..If you DO survive you just ""win"" and you do it again-repetative-unrewarding-unbalanced difficultywould get it for like 99 cents but 10 dollars is a total ripoff"
76561198126416331,Not Recommended,248820,33445811,Posted: 10 July,all,beebs,no cloud saves
76561198001765269,Not Recommended,248820,33252732,Posted: 4 July,all,Beldavid,"the Game starts in a black screen and refuses to not just be a black screen in a fullscreen mode, tried the couple of fixes however that just makes it a tiny window that is not accepable."
76561197976308064,Not Recommended,248820,11480603,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,FRISKE,I hate this game I regret purchasing it.
76561198024885337,Not Recommended,248820,10258991,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Lancercat,Game is stupid. you have to play multiplayer to get anywhere or get very very lucky drops. beat first level in 2 mins and 43 seconds. Could barely deal damage to enemies in 2nd level. farmed first level for 10 minutes. boss one shots me... game not fun plz nobody else waste your time on it. i want my $10 back.
,Not Recommended,248820,14146964,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,hauser,"if you are lucky, winif you are unlucky, restartcool?"
,Not Recommended,248820,23011642,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Dad Taco,I love this game i have a good amount of hours into it. I beat the game once then i came back to see everything i did was gone. I played some then and i got off then once again i come back to the game everything i have gotten all my progress gone. I hate replaying a game if it means i just have to do the same old thing 100 time every time i play.
,Not Recommended,248820,25350179,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,engie,"After first 5 hours it feels like you are playing a flash game. Thanks to the way the game spawns enemies - the longer you play the faster they spawn. + Their health gets bigger and bigger.""The longer you play - the harder it gets"" says teaser video. So it gets advertised. The cheap enemy implementation.XInput only- I have 2 no-brand Direct Input gamepads and none of them work, but they ARE working with ""x360ce"" (v.2.0.2 tested) (it is XInput emulator). And in ""System Requirements"" it says ""Microsoft Xbox 360 Controller orDirect Input compatible controller"" so this is a lie.Oh... so you will just use x360ce as a solution then? OK. Let's play coop with a friend that HAS x360 gamepad. Damn it, when I use x360ce MINE Direct Input gamepad works but HIS x360 gamepad not. And vice versa without x360ce. ->""Fu** it. Let's play something else""Crash. Very crash.Makes you wonder if the developers even tested their own game. Becausewhen you get buffed enough to survive, you start to worry LESS about surviving and MORE about crashing the game.(You can expect this if you are playing your match for a 1+ hour - with a ton of buffs of course.) And you start to make a note of a powerful buffs that crashed the game, so that you will AVOID them next time like a plague.My game crashed 3 times in 10 hours: 2 of them the whole PC was bricked and I had to pull the plug.How to crash your game (tutorial):Choose engineer and activate the ""Command"" artifact. Pickup a bunch of buffs that increase attack power, like ""Brilliant Behemoth"" (+20% explosion damage) and ""Ceremonial Dagger"" (Fire two additional bolts). Then a bunch of buffs that automatically deal additional attacks on enemy's death. Pickup a bunch of other buffs that suit your taste.Play for 60+ minutes, get ton of buffs - as much as you can with priority to those mentioned above.Stand somewhere on a rope/stairs for the entire level so that the enemy will keep spawning near you, in the same spots. (You will have to move up/down on a rope a bit to avoid homing rockets.)When they all spawned - move around and keep spamming ""Thermal harpoon"" to finish them of remotely (more safe). At some point when one of them dies it will set a chain reaction for the whole pack, because each death will damage others, and they will die and damage others, etc.- ???-Risk of Crash.There are plenty of ways to crash but this one is more reliable. BUT this is also a way to SURVIVE and play the game, so it makes the game harder to play. And all becauseyou are fighting a crappy game optimization - not the enemies. Let's play a game called ""Lets keep looking at dropping FPS nervously"".Often I was forced to memorize the patterns of buffs that crashed the game and then restart the game with never getting too many of those (powerful) buffs, simply because they often crashed the game.So tell me, how I'm supposed to play a game like this?Yes, I know. There are plenty of characters/buffs/artifacts to unlock. I unlocked most of them. But none of that amends all mentioned above.TLDR:If you liked what you saw in teaser video. If you have Xbox 360 gamepad and don't mind game crashing because of a too many stacked buffs (and don't mind this never being fixed) then go ahead and buy this game.Aside from game crashes that I'm experiencing with long plays: the game is OK. But it's monotonous and gets old quickly, and 'XInput only' limits the 2 player co-cop playability."
,Not Recommended,248820,23040453,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Michael Elboim,"It was a good replacement for me between The Binding of Isaac and Isaac: Rebirth, but when I look back at it, it wasn't that good and most of the times so unbalanced that it became frustrating. I Can't believe I have more than a 100 hours on this game."
76561198049485097,Not Recommended,248820,25843864,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Hannibal Burgers,Multiplayer is WAY too much of a hassle to be worth playing.
,Not Recommended,248820,33645942,Posted: 18 July,all,Walkerzed™,Horsecrap game with no help as to what items your buying! keys are gawd awful and from what i seen cannot be remapped! DO NOT BUY
76561198097027284,Not Recommended,248820,26041163,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Pepper,not enough rain
76561197976335701,Not Recommended,248820,10163285,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,DrDeath_MD,Doesn't work for many people. Developer not helpful. Avoid at all costs.
,Not Recommended,248820,34924669,Posted: 13 September,all,M0TIV8ING,"The game was a blast when it first came out, BUT I will have to not recommend this game due to a bug that has yet to be fixed when Windows 10 came out. Even though it shows I've got little hours on this game, I have played many, many hours before. But trust me, save the money until there is some notice of the screen bug being fixed."
,Recommended,248820,21023295,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,lil uzi bert XO,"Fix the glitches, running on the wall then falling out of the map. but still, 4/10 for me."
76561198122346578,Not Recommended,248820,24220643,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Gundoggu,to complex to me to use multiplayer. I got this game in the first place to play multiplayer!
,Not Recommended,248820,8813959,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,XK4L1BR3,Super cool game... Only problem is that it is poorly optimized.This game cannot keep a stable frame rate and slows to a crawl without any action on scream.Probably an issue with the engine (GameMaker) regardless I can't recommend this game untilthey fix these issues.It's unfortuante because I have a blast playing it for the first 5 minutes until the FPS turnsthe game to molasses... :(
,Not Recommended,248820,27768018,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jake Paul,"Risk of Rain looks like a game that I could've gotten into, as I love the rougle-like/lite genre of games. However, Risk of Rain had a dreadful feel to it, and the gameplay was simply sluggish. I have never played a game with worse AI. In RoR, if you happen to be on a ledge, only a select few of the monsters could reach you, and you could just stand there spamming the attack button. In some cases, bosses can't even reach you if you are using this method. Risk of Rain was a terrible experience, and I was lucky enough to be granted a refund by steam."
76561198114255826,Not Recommended,248820,12615543,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,nikolaast,More like Risk of Empty Servers.
,Not Recommended,248820,11442312,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Face Hugger,"Audio cuts in and out, merely passable controller support, objectiveless play; boring and barely functional."
,Not Recommended,248820,8048020,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,🍌,"I don't understand the praise people give this game. I love rogue-like-likes, but this, to me, was exceedingly slow paced, with boring, repetitive combat, samey levels and the same uninspired enemies over and over again. I've tried revisiting it multiple times, and each time I have been disappointed."
76561198095610678,Not Recommended,248820,32129620,Posted: 2 June,all,Greatot,"Completely broken. Just won't work on my system anymore, I just get a black screen. Tried veryfing files, reinstalled a dozen times, still broken.I use Windows 10 of course, if you do too I suggest staying away from this game until they fix their crap."
,Not Recommended,248820,10236582,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Grayflox,ITS ♥♥♥♥ING GARBAGE
,Not Recommended,248820,9952180,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,[xXx_Cis_White_Cum_xXx],not that fun. i just dont like it at all
76561198068366215,Not Recommended,248820,23423165,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,darlowea,"This game is a broken piece of crap. Something happened between buying the game and playing it and the ""move left"" functionality seems to have been removed.  I cannot move left with the keyboard or the controller. This game is broken and I dont recommend getting it until it is fixed."
,Not Recommended,248820,9075809,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,StryderC,"Game pad can't navigate some critical menuing systems, stuck with the same character, game is completely unbalanced by the second level.  Lots of Weak Sauce.  Save your $$$"
,Not Recommended,248820,13156444,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Al Djeafnte,"http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=195743564This used to be one of my favorite games.  Since the most recent patch, the game is only graphically better.  It went from being an arguably fair game, based largely on skill, to... haha, you died.Difficulty ramps faster, your hit box is wider, enemies have more health.Just avoid it now.  It looks the same, but it's not."
,Recommended,248820,13277610,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,crybaby,"Really great game. Except..it's way too bloody easy. I've nearly unlocked everything at 20 hours, 5 of them idle.You're actually able to play through the whole game in below 15 minutes. You don't have to be a speedrunner or anything, that's just how easy it is.Still enjoyed it though. Great fun if you wanna play with friends, or, for this price, a great bit of fun on your own."
,Not Recommended,248820,10358775,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,voidmind,"The whole ""Time = difficulty"" game mechanic doesn't do it for me."
76561198178312850,Not Recommended,248820,33301904,Posted: 5 July,all,BRISK Xandermax,hey it's pretty good
,Not Recommended,248820,16658783,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,TaxmansRevolver,0/10 no rain
,Not Recommended,248820,23733115,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,kapnkobb,so buggy cant even recognize my keyboard to move my character or do anything tried playing with controller and have the same issue. tons of bugs other than that and i really just dont suggest purchasing until they fix some of this♥♥♥♥♥♥might be good a year from now
76561197983044014,Not Recommended,248820,9071671,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Vaporwave Skeleton,"Risk of Rain stands triumphant as one of the worst videogames of all time.A control scheme that makes you realize maybe life isn't worth after all.A game engine designed for the fantastic, bright, and crisp resolution display of a Gameboy color. I'm still wiping away the tears of laughter from checking out 1x scale on a 1980x1080 monitor.An absolute beacon of light, a true monumental achievement in broken multiplayer as well. Risk of Rain does away with such cumbersome and needless options like LAN to opt for a much smoother, completly well realized local multiplayer all on the same screen. Because it wasn't enough that Risk of Rain wants to give you suicidal tendancies with its control scheme, it wants to spread the sorrow to all those you cherish and hold dear. My friend and I sat dumbfounded, looking at the game screen, as it casually insists that the second player also use the keyboard...It hurts just recalling the memory.And the cherry on top of it all - in their ever growing desire to appear cool, hip, retro, etc. the masterminds behind Chucklefish decided to give the actual online multiplayer a real blast from the past. For the first time in over a decade - since the ages of long gone gems like Age of Empires 1&2, Quake 1/2, UT99, etc. Chucklefish listened to what gamers wanted and loe and behold, we all shouted in one unanimous roar: ""We want antiquiqated manual IP address inputs! We want the game to arbitrarily select closed ports for connections!""I tip my fedora to the guys at Chucklefish. Way to make a statement."
76561198040754326,Not Recommended,248820,33060885,Posted: 30 June,all,bigpuppy_stuart,Bug caused screen to be completely black. Nothing i tried fixed it.Game completely non functional. can not recomend.
,Not Recommended,248820,8118560,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Laughing Wallaby,"Buggy, doesnt work for all graphic cards. Don't buy this without testing it first."
,Not Recommended,248820,28910250,Posted: 1 January,all,Madou,"Don't Buy This GameI bought two copies of RoR for me, and my friend. I went in blind, and by, was that a mistake. In my opinion, there are several things wrong with this game.1. You get one character to start. Don't get me wrong, there's nothing wrong with this, just that the commando is slow as molasses. He gets a dodge roll as his ONLY evasive manouver. That's bad. So for the first part, you're just shoot-shoot-run-run-run-run-run-run-shoot, repeat till dead. But they die, then MORE come.2. The level design. RoR is not a platformer. It's not a shooter. It's not a roguelike. It's nothing. You can't jump for♥♥♥♥♥♥ you can't shoot for♥♥♥♥♥♥ and you 1000% can't get new stuff for♥♥♥♥♥♥ BECAUSE THE ITEMS ALL SUCK.3. Also, it's local multiplayer, or you gotta portforward a server. Great.2/10"
76561198058311743,Not Recommended,248820,9877273,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Laserz,"I don't think this game itself and it's mechanics are bad, however compared to other rogue-like games, this game is much too simple. It is quite easy, so if you're looking for the usual challenge a rogue-like gives, then I would say other games of the category such as FTL are better to get. However, if those games are too hard to have fun with, then get this game."
76561198298077208,Not Recommended,248820,32763669,Posted: 25 June,all,Jbudd121,"This game looks great and I really want to play it. But it's not working...Whenever I run the game, I can here sounds but I all I see is black. I've tried unistalling and reinstalling the game twice, but no change. Until I can play this game I won't recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,248820,23807944,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Hallowell,ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์
76561198021393337,Not Recommended,248820,24836485,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Masked Hero Lucky,"Crap's too small, can't see nothin'."
76561197981956354,Not Recommended,248820,7701595,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,Alex,More like Risk of Smashing Your Computer.  This game crashes constantly and there are sound issues.  ♥♥♥♥ this game.
76561198006942995,Not Recommended,248820,8543354,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Kptkrunch,"I bought this game and am having serious control issues.  I can get neither the Keyboard or 360 controller to work for the game.  I am a little irritated by it and can't seem to find a solution.  I have confirmed that all my peripherals work, but still no luck.  I have never seen an issue like this and am a little annoyed that such a flaw could make it through play testing."
,Not Recommended,248820,8920135,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Chrispea,"My entire time with this game has been trying to get it to work. It's unnaceptable to charge for a game which WON'T RUN. I've tried everything the developer and other users suggested but to no avail, these problems have been known for a long time now but the developer has not made any indication that they are even working to fix them. Do not buy."
,Not Recommended,248820,29128935,Posted: 8 January,all,makeyoufeel,"I'm on linux, and the game is actually unplayable because of how much it crashes ¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
76561198022094045,Not Recommended,248820,32028040,Posted: 28 May,all,The 4zzhole,Cant play the game. Keyboard doesnt work and controller dont work. Thumbs down :(
,Not Recommended,248820,8910027,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Manthrottle Beefdeath,"The controlls are for some godawful reason taken from MMORPGs. I have no idea why.Music is good, everything else is questionable."
,Recommended,248820,12570352,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Threeheadguy,not a roguelike
,Not Recommended,248820,9102129,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,jeffeypop,"single player is frustrating at first but after you figure it out it gets up to ok-good range. local coop is REALLY sloppy. needs to finish controller support. can't even select your character with your controller? one mouse selects all local player's characters? wtf? let each controller select their own. also online multiplayer appears to be completely broken, which feels extremely deceptive. that is a very large part of why i paid for this game. had i scoured a little harder and read some of the reviews and issues with multiplayer that i'm seeing now, i would not have made the purchase. feels really frustrating that the team does not update the website frequently. would recommend if the advertised features actually worked. can not recommend as-is. would take refund."
,Not Recommended,248820,10650982,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Beugnen,Overrated rogue-like (aren't they all) hipster game with poorly realised pixel art
,Not Recommended,248820,8579460,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Rampaging_Celt,"I regret this purchase, its fun for about 30 seconds and then you realize that it looks terrible doesnt really go anywhere and is hugely frustrating"
76561198118753534,Not Recommended,248820,31584429,Posted: 6 May,all,I am Catbug,Game doesn't work on Windows 10 and won't allow you to play unless game is in 16 or 32 bit color. I changed all the settings and it still didn't work
76561197970143448,Not Recommended,248820,8125260,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,BarmyBrad™,I bought this as a fun little platform survival game. The premise is great and I like the difficulty to time mechanic. I don't like the rate the unlocks come at (which might be an indication of my skill level). I also felt the gameplay was a little lacking spending much of my time doing the same things over and over again. The random items are nice but overall there are better games out there for a short little bouts of entertainment.
,Not Recommended,248820,25366530,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,The Uenz,"""The longer you play, the harder it gets.""After 5 hours my♥♥♥♥♥♥never felt smaller unfortunately :(Not recommended."
76561197972116141,Not Recommended,248820,8062536,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Psych,"The core game is alright BUT;I got this game to play co op online with my friends, but when I go to make an online game the it wants IP addresses and ports. I try to figure it out online and it looks like I have to make adjustments to my router and switch over to a static ip. It's 2013 this♥♥♥♥♥♥should just work."
76561197975292455,Not Recommended,248820,8638014,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,MelbaToast,"Was fun but now it just crashes and gives me an error.  Have messed with it for an hour or so to try and get it running to no avail, now I'm just uninstalling and waiting for a stable release.Don't waste your time and money."
76561197989814183,Not Recommended,248820,8157787,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Soon™,If they could get the multiplayer workingThat would have been great...
76561198066984188,Not Recommended,248820,8459967,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Deidara,wurst gam 2014
76561198084901934,Not Recommended,248820,9402257,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,SuperDrySkin,this game sucks for 9.99
,Not Recommended,248820,9096197,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,harmony of bean and dog,this game is not very good. sorry
,Not Recommended,248820,9109602,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Muffin Tops,Everything but the jellyfish in this game are good. The ♥♥♥♥ing jellyfish were a terrible idea and whoever thought they were good is stupid. You do not make a ♥♥♥♥ing platformer where you have an enemy where you can't TARGET fly very fast at you in the middle of combat... then get the bright idea of spawning MILLIONS of them. There is no ♥♥♥♥ing excuse for amping the difficult up by poor combat mechanics.
,Not Recommended,248820,9982726,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Yoosha,"I bought the risk of rain 4-pack and gifted it to 3 of my friends. I still have one gift in my inventory because I dont want anyone else to suffer through this frustrating pack of♥♥♥♥♥♥ By far the worst waste of money I've ever done.So I was trying to connect to one of my friends since the rest of mine that I gifted were offline, so then it says that an error occured and I could not connect. So then I tried hosting it, still nothing. My friend tried launching it first then I connect, nope. Then he tried hosting it again and changing the port, instead of being booted to the menu and saying it was an error, I was forced to stay in this loading screen of nothing-ness after seeing the error. I tried hosting it and changing the port, nothing. So we tried going in at the same time, and it still didn't ♥♥♥♥ing work. Since the co-op is non-existent. Lets go to the actual single-player gameplay, shall we?I nearly fell asleep playing the singleplayer. It was another typical platformer-shooter like all the others. It isnt even challenging at all, because all you to do is fire at the enemy and they won't be able to get to you. You don't even have to reload. The first boss battle I came across was some kind of ball of dirt with arms and legs and it couldn't even damage me. The boss was surrounded by a wall of dirt with one block missing that I shot through and all the while it couldn't do anything. Now I know what you're asking, ""Puppetmaster, how can you judge it if you haven't even played 2 hours?"" Well, I tried running it again today to give it another chance, and I cant even run it anymore. It says ""missing executable. Failed to run"". I couldn't even shift+tab in it.♥♥♥♥ing pathetic.EDIT: Well, the game decided to work again. But it hasn't changed."
76561198013017646,Not Recommended,248820,9150594,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,piekiller99,"This game has some ♥♥♥♥ty ♥♥♥♥ty ♥♥♥♥TY ♥♥♥ multiplayer, i mean really like ♥♥♥♥ dude this ♥♥♥♥ cant even possible be worse at this if it tried. If hungry badgers attacked you every time you played multiyplayer it would still be a vast improvement over what it is right now. calling this vile excuse of a game an acutall game is an insult to me and every one else just on prisiple. dont ever play this ever"
,Not Recommended,248820,9164008,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,JeuishPepes,"http://i59.tinypic.com/11bn4gp.pngDO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I'm not sure what this is, I dont think a third party program was targeting my risk of rain folder, I'm not very tech-savvy but i do know that i dont like my steam games coming up on malware bytes anti malware, BE AWARE. run a scan if you already have it!"
,Not Recommended,248820,8197673,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,MashPotato,"If you are planning on playing this game in single-player mode then buy another game. Even though the developers say that it was designed to be played in single-player, it is impossible to get anywhere in the game alone without taking advantage of its simple mechanics, making your efforts feel cheap and unenjoyable."
,Not Recommended,248820,19642139,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,time to cry #2,"Overrated.The way this game makes itself difficult is really artificial. It starts easy but once you set up the portal you instantly get swarmed by enemies who obliterate you in little to no time. Some of the bosses are absurdly brisk, making it incredibly hard for you to land a single shot on them without losing 1/3 of your health.It also has the worst player movement physics you could ever imagine, especially for a difficult, roguelike game like this where 'dodging' becomes very much essential. This makes the whole game a lot harder than it should be and utterly ruins the experience. If this was a normal side scrolling shooter than I would've been fine, but not for this genre, not at all."
,Not Recommended,248820,28643082,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE,Game is nice. Developer team's coding skills are completely atrocious.
,Not Recommended,248820,8627335,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Cherry Maguire,"dis game is not good because it is really bad, It is too hard not that thats bad but getting rid of your crap wepon is hard as ♥♥♥♥. not good 1 out o 10"
,Not Recommended,248820,26607777,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,CaptainIsrael,It's like rainnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn on your wedding day.
,Not Recommended,248820,24015173,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,shkryob,"Ok, I got how an indie dev can make a popular game in nowadays. First you need to make a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game with bad graphics, with boring gameplay and without any single original idea. Then make it totally unplayable. That's it, you will get 90% good reviews."
,Not Recommended,248820,28478981,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,saibot,way too hard Kappa
,Recommended,248820,15196520,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Teddy,"___________________________________________############################################################################################FATAL ERROR inaction number 1of  Step EventoEfDecoyfor object oExplosion:Push :: Execution Error - Variable Get -1.reflecting(100447, -2147483648)at gml_Object_oExplosion_Collision_325############################################################################################"
76561197994611296,Not Recommended,248820,9108783,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Masterfrog,"At first glance, Risk of Rain seems like the perfect game for me. I love indie titles, I love pixelated art and I love roguelike games and this fits neatly into all of the above. Add to that a wonderful soundtrack and some, given its art style, pretty stunning visuals I almost don't see where it can go wrong.And then it does. This game is hard. And don't get me wrong, I like plenty of difficult games. And the problem isn't even the fact that it's hard in itself, but WHY this game is hard. This game is hard because the controls are absolutely and perfectly counter-intuitive. I can barely get past stage 1 most of the time, and I've not even once gone past stage 2, simply because my fingers are tripping over each other and I keep forgetting which of four arbitrarily ordered keys does what. Frankly it's a terrible mess and changing hotkeys doesn't really help.Another huge glaring issue is the fact that THERE IS NO MOUSE SUPPORT. Even if we skip the fact that this game obviously would have benefited greatly from mouse aim and accept that our space soldiers are so crippled they can only ever shoot horizontally; I am in possession of a gaming mouse. Not a particularly expensive once, but a gaming mouse all the same. If I were allowed to allocate hotkeys to mouse keys, my enjoyment in playing this game would increase drastically. When you have a sort of standard attack that can be performed over and over with no penalties, akin to a standard or auto-attack, binding it to mouse 1 is pretty freaking intuitive. Why the devs tried to come up with their own weird standard of how these games are supposed to be mapped to keys is beyond me. Also, how you can release a game, for the PC, in 2014 without mouse support is just mind-boggling. If I were one of the devs I probably wouldn't be able to sleep at night due to such a horrendous oversight.To be fair, I could probably get used to the controls in this game. I could probably spend hours upon hours, dying over and over in the first few levels, just to get a hang of the basic controls in a adequate manner. But I wouldn't have fun doing it. And then, why should I? I bought this game alongside another similar game, Teleglitch, and I'm halfway into the game without having died once and the worst experience I had in that title was that I had to look up a particular hotkey once. Outside of that, it has been smooth sailings and the controls came to me perfectly intuitively. I don't feel like I have to do battle with weird key assignments and bad controller design. I can just get busy PLAYING THE GAME. Whenever I play Risk of Rain, my activity is CONSTANTLY interrupted by the fact that I have to look down on my keyboard to see what keys I'm even pressing and my own rising anger and dissapointment with how counter-intuitive the whole thing is.I hope, somehow, the devs for Risk of Rain sees this. The difficulty of a game should be based on learning strategies to better succeed and improving how you control the game through experience. Imagine how stupid it would be to have a game where the only difficult part of the game was that all the controls were randomized constantly or that the controls were simply inversed to what you're used to so up is down etc. That's not in any way whatsoever a meaningful difficulty to overcome. To feel that a game is probably really fun and not at all so difficult as it needs to be is kind of like having the game not letting you play it. Whenever I died, it's not because of an enemy that I didn't know how to beat or that I was too slow to react or anthing like that. My knowledge and reactions were fine, the interface was not. And that is really frustrating.It's rather ironic that the stated third goal the devs had with this game is. "" Be enjoyable, regardless of whether you win or lose. No more fussing with complex and non-intuitive gameplay patterns. Players should not blame the game for their loss!"" which is exactly what's going on here. When the only reason I lost is because of counter-intuitive controls, I blame the game, and rightly so because it's a loss through no fault of mine."
,Not Recommended,248820,31815065,Posted: 17 May,all,sealSiil,"Problems with multiplayer support, trash controls.  Oh and if you ever want to use a gamepad to improve the controls you have to dig through settings and turn on controller support. Heard great things about this game, but initial difficulty with nonsensical controls leaves me inclined to not continue playing."
76561198116150153,Not Recommended,248820,9414106,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Faal Gefaas Gutinok,"its like terraria but you cant mine or build or have fun or create a character or eat food or craft, so basically its crap"
,Recommended,248820,11809960,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,̇ṀΘΘƘIΣ Mookie,At 1st i was skeptical on this game but surprisingly it grew on me overtime. Very underrated and it gets fun overtime.And i thought broforce was the only game for me but this one's more serious and gameplay heavy specially when playing with friends and it can get crazy overtime if you won't step it up and finish every level the enemies will get much harder to beat.for those who love a challenge and a fun time co-op with friends don't look too far to the point of getting AAA titles because this is one of those gems that's worth playing.
76561198080172435,Not Recommended,248820,8177456,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,ガリレオ,online game is not working. so bad
76561198039709014,Not Recommended,248820,28732851,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Bombr,"Played for about hour, its nothing special. Enemies often spawn very close to you, it is annoying.Cheated in all characters, to find only 2 of them were little bit of fun to play.Got bored after another hour and got refund."
,Not Recommended,248820,8402546,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Ayren (dangerousD),Great game but now the sound doesn't work and I've tried all the solutions.Its a fun rogue like game that reminds me of an old Nintendo game with its difficulty.
76561198065304512,Not Recommended,248820,8483226,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Avhaari,"Horrible game, needs immense tinkering before it works co-op messing with network settings ect. bought fourpack was never able to play it properly with friends."
,Not Recommended,248820,8458401,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,wolfinj,huiņa.. kontroles galīgā pakaļā
76561198085479821,Not Recommended,248820,25246116,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Mihailo Vasic,"This is a great game very hard but very fun loadded with lots of interesting items i got it a long time ago i just started playing it some time ago and im hooked but the only problem is that i unlocked a fair amount of items and unlocked a decen amount of characters and now i tried playing it today and guess what i seeNo characters unlockedno items unlockedand i start from zero nothing at all unlocked so for that ""little"" problem i will give the game a negative review"
,Not Recommended,248820,8245003,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,💀 meepches 💀,"this game stinks, everything is really slow, and whether its fun or not is entirely up to the maps and items you get because the base gameplay is boring"
,Not Recommended,248820,32028355,Posted: 28 May,all,False,"crashes entire computer, can't alt-tab, alt-f4, alt-control delete. unstable as can be"
,Not Recommended,248820,7743996,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Botagel,"There's a fun idea in here: a sidescrolling Borderlands with permadeath, and sessions maxing out at 60 minutes or so. The game has a habit of handing out items that make you nearly immortal, even though you can barely scratch your foes, and if you get a bad set of spawns in the fixed level layouts you'll spend ages mopping up after the teleporter's active. Risk of Rain intends to encourage speed and efficiency, mastering areas and finding optimal strategies, but the game just doesn't kill you enough, in the right ways, to feel satisfying."
76561197993033613,Not Recommended,248820,8063101,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Second,"I'd like to recommend this game, but the difficulty makes that impossible. On the lowest difficulty that saves progress the enemies become nigh unkillable after about 10 minutes. With other games I would assume that I just need to become more skilled, but the combat options available don't leave much room for improvement.It seems like the game is balanced for co-op, but with all of the hoops you have to jump through to set up co-op (one of the steps involves changing your router settings) its easier to just find another co-op game."
,Recommended,248820,12205661,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Zefar,This is an awesome little game that focus on skill quite a bit but you also need luck on your side. Character balance is a bit off for me because the one I find to be the most powerful is Bandit yet most other believe he's the worst.Put 40 hours into this and it was well worth it. It's fun to see the items you picked up starting to trigger upon each hit.One of the very few unique Indie games.
76561198052272667,Not Recommended,248820,26626813,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,someoneyouknow,I would love to play this game with a friend...too bad the co-op does't work. At least add a lan option... The only reason im not reccommending this game to others is because the co-op doesn't work. Bought this game to play with neighbors. Now i feel like ive wasted money...
76561198281236205,Not Recommended,248820,31956685,Posted: 25 May,all,Bostonie,doesnt work.....black screen with only audio whenever I try and start it. To even make it work you have to go to the game files and it is just really frustrating.Once you get that part to work have fun messing with your router and computer crap to play muiltiplayer.
76561198017257617,Not Recommended,248820,31950612,Posted: 25 May,all,★Kazuma,"i wouldn't reccomend this game, it's all fun for a bit.. but managing to play together is so crazy difficult, especially for the avarage potato user.it's more of a singleplayer pixel game, wich at max is worth €2,50.all in all it's not as fun as i thought and i wouldn't play it again."
,Not Recommended,248820,31849412,Posted: 19 May,all,Durdge-o,"As much as it is a good game, it just wasn't good for me.There is no grounds on how to get into the game without youtube tutorials, and trial and error is a ♥♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,248820,8242942,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,.PrimeMover.,"Not much fun. No explination besides controls of gameplay mechanichs(just like StarBound). Random levels does not mean an exciting variety of play, more so just frustration until you find the same type of level so you know how to use it (kindof) against whatever boss is thrown at you. ChuckleFish is on my GARBAGE list officially. Risk of rain has been out for a while now, I figured it would be polished and balanced. That is not the case. It's crap, especially from a graphical customization standpoint.Unless you have hours and hours to waste. Unless you live with your parents, don't have a job, and have no life, don't buy this tripe. Chucklefish is ""chuckling"" all the way to the bank, with Shight games, that have very little Graphics customization, a grind and die play style, and an overall lack of respect for the players efforts. It's like I'm playing Double Dragon on NES all over again, except not having any fun at all...."
76561198101090663,Not Recommended,248820,32305622,Posted: 9 June,all,fireborn,Not really worth 10 dollars at all... More like 3.Its shallow... Very shallow.Get Death road to canada its MUUUUUUUUUUUUCH better...I got to level 3 and i stayed on it and killed them for about 50 minutes until i got bored and opened a portal to the next stage... When is this supposed to start feeling rewarding in some way?The enemies are just bulletsponges and its a chore... The game is not difficult at all i can literally survive endlessly as the cowboy character... Large pools of hp does not equal higher difficulty... Why not just swarm the player with massive amounts of enemies instead or ones with smarter ai/abilities?  You just spend all your time flying your kite of enemies back and forth back and forth back and forth turning to shoot them every once in a while.Dont be fooled by the great music in this game.
,Not Recommended,248820,22829735,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,emacs,It is OK
,Not Recommended,248820,23646712,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Quaintman,Its just really boring. I got board so fast when playing this. Even with friends I was half asleep. I dont suggest getting this.
76561198059099718,Not Recommended,248820,29947386,Posted: 15 February,all,Nickishere,not fun playing on your own
,Not Recommended,248820,7776264,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Moon,Risk of Rain? More like risk of boredom.
76561198107243845,Not Recommended,248820,26447596,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,blue,THIS GAME IS♥♥♥♥♥♥DO NOT BUYIT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS
67236273846823562,Not Recommended,248820,8952982,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Rahim,this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥don't buy it if you are thinking about getting it
,Not Recommended,248820,25358403,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,True Reclaimer,"Controller doesnt work.Online multiplayer doesnt work.Game is♥♥♥♥♥♥EDIT- Full explanationXbox one controller has extremely limited function. On the main menus it can control the cursor but at a snails pace. In game none of the inputs function whatsover. I even tried to see if remapping would fix it, but nope. I never encountered this issue with any of my other 150 steam games.I have no idea what hamatchi is, nor should a 3rd party program be necessary when modern steam games are steam-integrated with friends list functionality (invite, join game, etc). The dev is extremely lazy to not include steam-integrated multiplayer. A quick google search reveals similar issues on the PS4 version, which doesnt even have the option to run 3rd party port forwarding software.So basically, this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198033086130,Not Recommended,248820,8025003,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,LSBN,the title is a lie there is no rain in this game 0/10
,Not Recommended,248820,8074430,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Tagard McStone,It's not the contra game you're looking for.
76561197979913320,Not Recommended,248820,30622762,Posted: 19 March,all,Evil Salvo,I like tje Chluthu mythos but this my friends  is a  broken game. Do not buy.
,Not Recommended,248820,29770226,Posted: 7 February,all,Gorillatore,Couldn't get it to work on my macbook resolution. Had to return.
,Not Recommended,248820,7941619,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Alexander G,The game is not interesting enough to be this hard.  Got bored with out ever comming close to beating it.
,Not Recommended,248820,7756762,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Hites,Annoyingly & irritatingly difficult.
76561198062669419,Not Recommended,248820,7921725,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Kittylover111,Do you enjoy dying and having absolutely no chance of beating the game? Then this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥is the game for you.
,Not Recommended,248820,30206955,Posted: 26 February,all,labbbis,"tfw getting stuck in a wall on a 3h OP runbuggy and repetitive, gamesux"
,Not Recommended,248820,32207323,Posted: 5 June,all,ryanjs1020,"This game is NOT fun. its supposed to be difficult, I know, but this is insane. The levels aren't balanced, co-op couln't be worse, and Don't even get me started on the items.levels- The levels will apparently, change difficluty at random. So just when you think you got the hang of things, BANG. Super powered minion comes out of nowhere and kills you.co-op- ugh, the co-op. where to start, first of all, you have to stay in the same area, or its pretty much garunteed death. Unlike oher games that won't let you leave the screen, in risk of rain you can fall of a ledge and see nothing but an arrow indicating where you are...at least until you get killed by a monster YOU CAN'T SEE. in additon, I was disconnected several times... IN FLIPPING LOCAL CO-OP!!! HOW DOES THAT EVEN HAPPEN?!?!?and Items- The game dosent give you any info on items. at all. You have to figure it out yourself. Was that random blue light just part of the background or was it a buff? which powerup did that explsion come from? I'LL NEVER KNOW!unlocks-...HOW?I've played for half an hour with no unlocks, or indication of how to unlock things.you know what? I'm done. I'm refunding this right now. It makes me angry to just think about it."
,Not Recommended,248820,7930889,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Rosy Maple,Booorriiingg! Enemies take a million shots to kill and it gets old trying to hunt them down. The co-op mode is just bad! Usually one player ends up getting super duper strong while everyone else just gets more and more useless as time goes on. The game is super actiony but there's no sense of resource management which is what makes roguelikes fun
,Not Recommended,248820,29535656,Posted: 27 January,all,Gunnest663,Fix the♥♥♥♥♥♥boss called Cremator please or this game will be complete♥♥♥♥♥♥forever!
,Not Recommended,248820,22805580,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,bbot,"New characters are unlocked at a glacially slow pace. Progress is almost entirely determined by what drops you get, which are quite random. Random map generation frequently generates frustrating, badly laid out maps."
76561198185245750,Not Recommended,248820,28418604,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,DJAYBONE,"Risk of Rain to me, is a bad game. My reasons for not liking this game are:1. If you stand on an elevated platform, almost no bosses or mobs could kill you, making you invincible.2. Getting new playable characters require hours of play time to get, and they are not even that unique from eachother.3. The Graphics are very gritty (least of my worries)4. It is kinda hard to see your character because your character is pretty small."
,Not Recommended,248820,7796196,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Diet Cocaine,gay
76561198352634058,Not Recommended,248820,33940501,Posted: 31 July,all,Bagalagalaga,Join your noble 8 pixel blob on a quest to shoot squares at colorful shapes. The colorful shapes take a hell of a lot of squares to defeat though so it gets a bit tedious.
,Not Recommended,248820,11169332,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,M⌬rtius,"How can I describe this game in two words? Kiting simulator. There's a huge variation of classes but with most of them you will be running around fleeing from your enemies while using a few skills here and there, the exception is the enforcer and the sniper which sort of don't fit into the games huge amount of tanky and damage absorbing mobs which deal more damage the more time you spend in the game.Many people will tell you that the best tactic for going through levels is to spend as little time in the levels as possible but this is absurdly impossible because you will spend around 2-3 minutes looking for the teleporter and then you will have about a few minutes left until the next difficulty to deal with the boss, this is of course on the normal difficulty not hard so you can see just how unbalanced the game is. Unfortunatly the developer decided to add a 90 second timer and the mobs during these 90 seconds infinatly spawn so good luck with that... In my opinion this is a stupid design decision because if you do try to kill the boss with the mobs spawning around you there are more chances of you dying but you breeze through the level faster whereas if you try to kite for the 90 seconds and then kill the mobs after those 90 seconds are past you will spend more time in the level and ultimatly the difficulty gets harder, either way you're going to have to kill both the boss and the enemies that are left when the 90 second timer is over. This is where it fundamentally broken there isn't a middle ground it seems that all you do results in a harder difficulty for you and I understand that rogue like games do have a lot of risk behind them but players do need some sort of comprimise, you can't give the player multiple ways of tackling a problem when the end result is still the same because then the player will become fustrated and helpless.The problems with the game does not just stop there. With the artifact Command which you will find by playing through the game you have the option to choose any item from a tier, this includes chests and random items (items that have a ? on them), it drops a little box and you can choose the item you want. The problem with this artifact lies within the shrines, as you throw your money at the shrine you get the random item with the help of the artifact, the key or button used to pay the shrines is the same as the key to choose an item from the box that just dropped, this means that you will end up accidently paying your money towards the shrine 2-3x more depending on how much money you have left and how many boxes drop. This is a major annoyance for me because at times I ran out of money because I ended up throwing paying the rest of my money to the shrines even though I did not want to. The developer really messed up with the artifact and I doubt he is going to read my review and patch it but if he does then that would be great.Lastly... And this a problem that has caused me the loss of games when it wasn't my fault and rather the developer who failed to test this through properly or simply ignored the problem. When opening the boxes that you get with the artifact Command you have to select the item in REAL TIME, this means that when you're selecting an item from the box you will most likely end up getting chewed up if you do not select it quickly. There should be some sort of pause so that the player can choose the item without having to panick about getting killed, I cannot tell you how many times I have died due to this, you may say ""just wait until you kill the mobs and then come back"" if I activate the boxes during the boss timer then I face the threat of infinite spawning mobs and I'd have to leave the location and then return which would waste my time, didn't the developer even consider the fact that this would make the artifact annoying to players?All that I said sums up how the game feels to me, it feels unabalanced and broken. Sure its a good timewaster and don't get me wrong I did enjoy the game but I felt far more fustrated and annoyed and I play my games to have fun and release stress not create stress. Thank you for taking the time to read this review, it was fairly short but I didn't want to spoil any of the classes by going too indepth.One last note. I know that swarms of angry Risk of Rain fans are going to come swarming towards me since that is how Steam works, if a games mostly positive and you say anything negative about it you will get showered by hate and downvotes but before you do that please accept the fact that this is from my perspective, if you cannot accept it then you're too shallow. I won't be arguing with someone that is throwing around arguments with a primitive attitude."
76561198010335843,Not Recommended,248820,29083398,Posted: 7 January,all,Plebleb,"good game but achievements don't work for me. FUUUUUUUUCK this game.Edit: The achievements DIDN'T work for me. They work now. I'm still not recommending this game though because it puts me to sleep. Honestly, the biggest problem for me is that the game is way too hard, I can usually only beat 1 or 2 levels before the game becomes insanely difficult. I've never seen the ending for this game but I just don't have the patience for this crap. I'm sure if I poured hundreds of hours into the game I'd eventually get good at it, but why bother if I'm not enjoying any of it? They should have just made the game easy to start out, and then gradually make it harder with the introduction of new stages and items like Binding of Isaac. Instead this game is just balls-to-the-wall hard from start to finish."
76561198116230129,Not Recommended,248820,30061912,Posted: 20 February,all,HeadAss,literally a crap version of terraria
,Not Recommended,248820,33978950,Posted: 2 August,all,NeonPlays (Gone for a while),♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,248820,29743646,Posted: 6 February,all,Top Cat | Sponsored by Yayo,"Risk of Rain is confused. It doesn’t know if it wants to be an action game, a survival game, or something else.From the footage as advertised on the Steam page, it would appear that Risk of Rain is an action game. Don’t let this fool you; although the action elements in the game are enjoyable, they are let down by the survival elements forced into the game.The survival elements have really left a sour taste in my mouth; the most obvious of these being the way you have to scavenge for items. There isn’t a shop in which you can purchase any item you please, instead the items are randomly generated throughout the map. This makes managing your money very difficult, and brings in a very unfair luck element into the game.Although the scavenging was a poor design decision, my major gripe with the game is the permanent death, of which I feel was forced into the game just as an excuse to add another survival element. I always end up messing up on the second level, and due to the permanent death, I’m forced to re-play the first level over and over again. The worst part about this is the fact that winning a level is heavily weighted on luck, due to the item spawns being random.To top off an already flawed game, I’ve noticed that some elements of the game are broken. The difficulty of the game is either bugged or fundamentally flawed; you’re able to select a difficulty on the menu screen, however when the game starts there is also a difficulty meter on the screen, which changes throughout the game. I selected the difficulty before the game started, I want the game to stick to that difficulty!Risk of Rain has to be one of the most frustrating games I’ve ever played. Partially due to the many flaws in the game, but mostly because I feel that there is so much hidden potential locked behind the survival elements; if these were to be stripped out of the game, I’d honestly feel that we’d have a very good indie game.I purchased the game whilst it was on sale, and even at a reduced price, I would not recommend you buy the game. I want to love the game, but unfortunately I cannot whilst the game is in this state."
,Not Recommended,248820,33737830,Posted: 22 July,all,PF VII,"look at the stream ♥♥♥♥♥, uh nothing  I dont know 1730 central 7 eastern time thanks gabe jak. 7 hours ahead what's 1730? 5? starts at 11 1730 is 530? it starts at 11 uuh 1030 or 1130 it starts at 1030 gabe.... GABE"
,Recommended,248820,23805895,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,zeltuva,ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์
,Not Recommended,248820,29110801,Posted: 8 January,all,the hollywood hootsman,"risk of cloudy with a chance of meatballsedit: cmon guys, you dont get the reference?"
76561198125000231,Not Recommended,248820,31943432,Posted: 24 May,all,TheGriffin,This game sucks.
,Not Recommended,248820,28557110,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,KateBeckinsale,Dont own it but heard it was trash.
,Recommended,248820,30381381,Posted: 7 March,all,dnwass,good game.
,Recommended,248820,30420893,Posted: 9 March,all,The Birb,This game takes 30 minutes to beat if you're really taking your time.I have over 200 hours in it.It's pretty good.
76561198048257269,Recommended,248820,30426018,Posted: 10 March,all,Max,10/10
,Recommended,248820,30423750,Posted: 10 March,all,That guy over there,i defeated the last boss in monsoon difficulty not because of my skills but because of my 30 drone army and fireworks
76561197995590504,Recommended,248820,7678809,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,[DADS] Mixze,Hours and hours of FUN!
,Recommended,248820,30417534,Posted: 9 March,all,Cyrus_Zei,Thisis by far the best game i have played. There are some bugs and I got stuck 3 times on the last stage in the medic bay. But a cool feature would be when you lvl up that you can choose where th put you xp
,Recommended,248820,28931302,Posted: 1 January,all,Sky,I love this game!I have bought a copy of this game for 5 of my friends! This game is fantastic! This game is the definition of replayable value. There are SO many secrets to discover! It is fun to think up how broken a combination of items could be! Then you finally get the COMMAND artifact and you can try it out! The game has perfected pacing. I cannot deny the massive amount of bugs that can be gamebreaking. Multiplayer can be a _____ to get to work... The fact that I can overlook these issues and still give you such a emphatic recommendation should help you understand why this game is so special.Here are a few ways to survive:Never get 25+ Goat Hooves. You will bug out in the worst situation.Be careful of taking too long to progress. You will be underprepared for the scaling of the difficulty.Explorer's Key + Soldier's Syringe + Infusion/10
,Recommended,248820,7780693,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,s0faking,"This game is absolutely outstanding. Risk of Rain a dungeon crawler, side scroller, shooter, and platformer all wrapped up into one amazing package. It does a great job of letting you discover the game for yourself instead of holding your hand through each step. It's extremely addictive and does a great job at keeping you coming back for more, knowing full well that your character will eventually meet an untimely end. As for replayability, there's tons of it because Risk of Rain has a system similar to Binding of Isaac where items are unlocked as you progress through the game and unlock achievements in previous playthroughs. The only downside to the game are the limited video options. The only option that affects resolution is an option called ""scale"" which scales the game up from its original resolution. However, this hardly dectracts from the game itself. If you're a fan of dungeon crawlers such as Spelunky and Binding of Isaac, Risk of Rain is definitely for you.Pros:-No hand holding-Tons of replayability-Great visuals and musicCons:-Limited video options"
,Recommended,248820,7829893,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,EMOTIONAL  SHAWTY,Fun
,Recommended,248820,9874562,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Tremor41,Game is great fun with friends local or online. Even solo is great fun trying trying to fill up the bottom of your scrrent with items making it sooo satisfying. I definite must buy.
,Recommended,248820,9699227,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,WokeHeadBootASS,This game is a fun game to play with freinds but also a fun game to play by yourself. Its gets intense fast if your not quick and you will pay for your slowness. This is the risk of rain.
,Recommended,248820,9725796,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Erilis,Great little gem. Risk of rain can get addictive. This arcade-style rogue game can be difficult but very time I play I get a little better. There's not much of a story from what I can tell but collecting cash and random abilities keeps it very engaging
76561197984485305,Recommended,248820,9729050,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,MadGypsy,"Did you ever enjoy Contra?  This is better.  Risk of Rain keeps you coming back because of its myriad of unlockables and achievements.  Some you can do on your own, others you need a team.  This gem was the best purchase of 2013 hands down."
,Recommended,248820,9730366,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Tee Ban Mee Maw Lhay Tua,This game is like a game for challenging yourself.the game keep getting harder when the time pass by.You can just finish as fast as possibleor getting more powerful with item to fight with harder enemy.It's kind of a game for skill and play style.it's not an easy gamebut not a hard game too.
76561197980697732,Recommended,248820,9730631,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Arkus,When I first saw it I didn't though that it would fit my interest... but once I started playing it I discovered that this game is marvelous and a must have in you'r collection. +10
76561198047123802,Recommended,248820,9733378,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,ravenousglee,"I really like this game alot,I just wish they would add support for two controlers at once,otherwise this is a journey worth taking!"
,Recommended,248820,9869991,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,who actually cares,An amazing game! If you like hardcore platformer games check this out!
76561198120367393,Recommended,248820,9871250,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Barry B. Benson,"It's an awesome way to pass time. Each run through, the teleporter is in a different location, and you never know which items you'll get! It's the best $10 I spent on Steam."
,Recommended,248820,9844508,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,DJ Masterson,"Welcome to A**♥♥♥♥♥♥Planet. Population: Every concievable thing in the universe that wants you dead.A FANTASTIC action-platformer combined with a roguelike experience, this game will PUNISH you. It's primary feature is it's timer, which counts up from the moment the game begins. As the timer reaches certain points, the game's overall difficulty increases. This means more (and stronger) enemies will spawn to challenge you, so this is literally a race against time!Start with the simple but effective Commando, unlock up to 9 more characters including (but not limited to), a Sniper, an Alien, and a Robot!Run across brilliantly designed and semi-randomized stages and map layouts! Jump and dodge through waves and hordes and swarms of brutal enemies! Fight! Power through foes with your innate skills, and become more powerful via the various artifacts, some of which have incredible powers! Collect gold from fallen enemies to purchase MORE artifacts, but don't linger in the same stage too long... time is laughing at you!!!You may hear some people nag about the multiplayer. It's actually much easier to beat the game with 2 or even just ONE friend. Despite having to share loot, having an extra hand is always a bonus. I highly recommend ONLY playing with good friends you can coordinate with, though. Public groups can be unreliable, trolling, or just plain not sync well with your style."
,Recommended,248820,10632858,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Thy Cake Is Not A Lie! D:™,"Great soundtrack, simple game to pickup(Easy controls) and very addictive.The difficulty curve for this game is very steep.If you are looking for a challange, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,248820,10633249,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Dan,"Awesome game, lots of fun!"
,Recommended,248820,10634144,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Zerion,"This game is amazing. At first I was like... well I guess I'll never beat level 1 because I die so easily. But you kill enemies and start collecting items and THEN it gets really fun. Each item is really helpful, and all the items stack, and you can even stack multiples! So pretty soon you become a powerhouse of death! Once you stat getting items and get a little less squishy, it becomes a lot of fun. I haven't tried it with friends yet but I really want to!"
76561198058604997,Recommended,248820,10634676,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,linkincard182,"this game is absolutely amazing! im not the biggest fan of indie games to begin with, and i was a little nervous when i saw the graphical style of the game but ever after a few plays im hooked, and i havent even tried multiplayer yet.  i definitely recommend this game to anyone whos interested and if youre a fan of side scrolling shooters/platformers then look no further!"
76561198026819201,Recommended,248820,10635590,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Stone Cold Brewski's,"To keep it short, Risk of Rain is an incredibly enjoyable experience. The classes are varied and mostly good (engineer 4 life), items are fun, and allow for plenty of replayability, level design is cool, and character unlocks are interesting. The only real downsides to the game are the port forwarding multiplayer, which is finnicky and hard to use, and that for me the game becomes less fun when there are no more characters to unlock. However I'd definitely recommend it on sale, or even at full price. P.S Music is sick."
,Recommended,248820,10637776,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ECKS BACKS WAN,"A very good roguelike; fair warning, it's very hard, even on Normal. Also, there's not quite so much 'progression' held over between attempts, like some other notable examples of the genre, but it is still a very entertaining game. You could easily sink hours into a game like this, as I have. Music's good, too."
,Recommended,248820,10637823,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mole Man,"I think i would wait for a weekend when ive got nothing to do, typical saturday... and play it for the rest of my life."
76561198040476484,Recommended,248820,10637950,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Homsar,Fantabulous.
76561198020732881,Recommended,248820,10637953,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,STICKDOM,"It's fun, it's hard, its a Rouge like. not much else to say exept it's hard and unforgiving  like Dark Souls."
,Recommended,248820,10638816,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Cryogenic Flare,"Great game, painful, but great"
76561198111181104,Recommended,248820,19028698,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,MortalCombatX,"ROR is a relic based level up, endurance game with the only goal of living as long as possible. The main upswing to this type of game is the varation in different enemies and powerups. with more enemies than you will ever care to meet, especially on higher levels where every newly spawned enemy is like a boss. The powerups are in a collective multiplying manner, none of which are worthless. Not to say i would'nt perfer some over others. The action never really gets old because of how many different content combos there are; But the difficulty can be a turn off for some."
76561198070475322,Recommended,248820,18980653,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Mandolin Man,"Its good, its damn good"
76561198113255325,Recommended,248820,18913349,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Mr.Mayo,"""One game that never gets old, especially with a story that twists one's imagination and gameplay that's sure to bring the house down! :D"""
76561198203088270,Recommended,248820,18920337,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,smrtalc,"This game is one of he best games ive ever bought on steam, ive only played single player so far but have still had loads of fun. I highly recomend changing controls due to jump being space and not up (which is how u climb ropes) the classes are all different but i refer the commando (character you start off with) due to his ability to dodge. The game is ridiculously hard on normal even though easy basically nerfs the time (which increases difficulty overtime) i have yet to beat the game but have come close. If you make it to the last level and go the first huge door go left to the wall, once there press the interaction button (A) on a door and it will open getting you a melee character named Han-D."
,Recommended,248820,18920897,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,ThisCrab,a game this difficult might just cause u a risk of PAINhahahabut seriously i played this game for ninteen minutes and now i gotta go to hospital10/10
,Recommended,248820,18823725,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,HuskeyG,It's a great game. I bought it on sale and totally got my money's worth.
76561198053962129,Recommended,248820,18773499,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,ChiefLongNap,"If you're a fan of hard, rewarding roguelikes, then this is a definite must have.With several different classes to choose from, a variance of enemies, and nice environments, this game is quite satisfying to the end."
76561198053010540,Recommended,248820,16007803,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,johnathon650,Great game. Easily worth every penny.  Crashes at times which gets agitating but still keep coming back for more. If you think it might be for you it is. Would buy a risk of rain two on release if it happens!
,Recommended,248820,18826071,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,EL BURRITO GRANDE,"God, I love this game"
76561198092346765,Recommended,248820,18934599,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,kingtom,I highly advise this game as it's one of the best steam games if played in reacent years. It's a very hard game to get used to but I seem to spend the majority of my free time playing it. It's a must buy.
76561198033807654,Recommended,248820,18948166,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Reeshuu,"Do no let indie titles put you off, Risk of Rain is a beauty as a chaotic sidescroller, that i recommend for players that want a challenge and a wide variety characters to play as. 9/10 from me."
,Not Recommended,248820,18940533,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,sixequalszero,"This was a fantastic game but currently features a slew of bugs, including an abundant failure to start or handle controls properly. Both rather fundamental mechanics."
76561198025524433,Recommended,248820,18998309,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,SCSimmons,The only problem with this game is the lack of more items and a sequel.
76561198221652296,Recommended,248820,18970880,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Zoinky,Played for so long i ran out of memory and it crashed! SOOOO fun.
76561198097853963,Recommended,248820,19037780,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Junkz²,"Nice atmosphere, thanks to the epic music setting.Infinite initial points. A lot of different maps and enemies.Different playable characters. (Each with their own individual abilities).Tons of collectable powerups during one life.The difficulty range lies somewhere between pfff and daaaayuuumm!I died a lot. 10/10 will die again."
,Recommended,248820,19034861,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Tastes Like Sand,"I played as a chef who collected nothing but monster parts, 10/10"
,Recommended,248820,19322992,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,KipofMudd,This game is about 2 years old at this point and has 14.5k posititve reviews compared to the 700 negative reviews. There's nothing I can say to make you get this that hasn't been said to be honest. It's a phenomenal game.
,Recommended,248820,19329912,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Alcor,">played a 1.30 hour+ session>thought i was practically unkillable with all the life leech>got killed because i thought my regen was good enoughChallenging early on, then it lulls you into thinking you're doing alright then your face gets smashed in. The music's great, too.For a work by two college students, this is an amazing quality game."
,Recommended,248820,19338983,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Straydoge,"Brilliant game. I love a lot of things in this game. It has the roguelike element, each character feels unique and fun to play.The way items work and interact is also interesting. Great artwork too.You start out with your four basic skills trying to survive agains monsters like collosal golems and even bigger magma worms. If you manage to survive all that and manage to get the right items you turn into this destructive force. Only at the end of it do you realize that the real monster is you..."
76561198083373370,Recommended,248820,19355150,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Joosie,This game is just quite simply excellent. Best Time waster I have played.
76561198022784817,Recommended,248820,10650131,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Ģirt,"At Monsoon difficulty, this game quickly turns from a Rogue-Like survival game to a genocide simulator10/10"
,Recommended,248820,10650322,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Release The Clark Kent,really really fun
76561198045806969,Recommended,248820,10650438,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Dumb Fuck,horey shet sew fun too plae
,Recommended,248820,10650458,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,DOASENBONZAKURA,Good other than how complicated it is to play online thats all i ask that u fix please
,Recommended,248820,10652757,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Goobeholder,"A decently challenging rogue-like with plenty of platforming and an awesome soundtrack to boot. Kind of tough to control with the keyboard, though. This game gets really fun when its you vs. a ton of monsters trying to turn you into alien food."
,Recommended,248820,10665586,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,luthwyhn,Amazing and addicting!  Get it!  Play with me!
76561198001379620,Recommended,248820,10671217,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Jargoseth,"I just got this on the sale and i can say, i couldn't be happier with how this little gem turned out.The art-style is really cool with it's smooth pixelated visuals, and the gameplay is just plain awesome.You know that thing that everyone keeps going on about in their games, that ""no two playthroughs will ever be the same""?Well it actually applies here with that feeling being conveyed not only by the randomised environments, but with the fundamental way the gameplay plays out.You have your 4 skills that do something depending on your character and then while exploring you come across chests and totems and stuff like that, that you spend money on for weapons and items that actually stack all together on your character.So you might end up having a guy with a chance to fire rockets per hit,a mortar shell being fired per hit, chance of setting your enemies on fire when getting the kill, and making the burst when you take them out, damaging fellow opponents.Basicly the ""a gun that fires guns"" comes into full effect, offering a spectacle unlike i have ever seen, and with 4 player net or local co-op, this is just my cup of tea.Masterpiece that should not be missed."
,Recommended,248820,10075381,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,megamind,THIS GAME IS REALLY GOOD AND I THINK EVERYONE SHOULD BUY IT CAUSE ITS REALLY GOOD AND WHEN I DIE AND I REPLAY THE GAME AGAIN I WANT TO PLAY IT AGAIN BECAUSE ITS REALLY GOOD IN CAPTURING THE MOMENT SPEND ALL YOUR MONEY ON THIS PLEASE UNDERSTAND THIS GAME ALSO HAS ITS EMOTIONAL ENDING LIKE DAMN I GOT OUT OF THIS PLANET WAIT♥♥♥♥♥♥SPOILER ALERT FORGIVE ME I LOVE YOU ALL BUY THIS GAME IM CRYING THERE SHOULD BE A TISSUE BUNDLE WITH THIS
,Recommended,248820,10661310,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,trivialAccapella,"SUCH A GOOD GAME MY GOODNESS. I would recommend Risk of Rain to anyone. Though it greatly ranges in difficult, it can be so much fun finding your favorite class and items of choice. Definitely pick it up during the sales, and enjoy this masterpiece! :)"
,Recommended,248820,10661414,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Son of Dad,"Spent more time on this little gem than I've spent with a lot of big budget titles. So much replayability, the gameplay is just awesome."
,Recommended,248820,10663365,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,medicinal high five,it's like hotline miami meets battletoadsor something equally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.9/10
,Recommended,248820,10501099,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Gingertastrophe,"A ♥♥♥♥ing AMAZING rouge-like that everyone needs to play at least once. Has an incredible multiplayer and insane amount of gameplay thanks to the amount of depth that the developers put into honing all the items and abilities. If you pick this one up, let me know and I'll route you to my hamachi server!"
,Recommended,248820,10475691,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Murk,"Challenging game.Fun with others ""I've only played with one other person""A lot of references to other modern pop culture.Lack of Rule 34."
76561198062102702,Recommended,248820,10478375,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Roikus,"Awesome game.When I started playing Risk of Rain, I told myself I would never be able to finish it. It is hard, really hard. Then you get to unlock a new character and you realize you have almost a new game. The gameplay is great, the characters are great and the music is amazing (really amazing). This game is one that makes you realize that you don't need 20 persons working on a game to make something special. Risk of Rain, you are in my favorite list, next to the Binding of Isaac.BestRoikus"
76561198108733542,Recommended,248820,10458782,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Wincon,"This game is a game of economy.  Simple value.  I have over 100 hours on this game and it cost me less then 10 dollars.  Beyond the addictive changing and challenging quality of this game, is the inate quality of the game.  I gets harder if you want to it be harder, its get stupid easy if your having a bad dad and just need to win.  Never has a game made almost yearn for that crushed feeling where to game just destroys you.  It sudden and painful and addicting.   10/10"
76561198043856497,Recommended,248820,10459750,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Renn,"Why buy Risk Of Rain hmmm??""Wow, 5577 reviews for Risk of Rain and 100% positive O.o,SOMETHING THE INTERNET ISNT TROLLING, WE SHOULD FORM A BASIS OF WORLD PEACE FROM IT!""""Littlebert - 2014""just a few words from my sponsor Kappa :D #YouNeedThisGameInYourLife"
,Recommended,248820,10461652,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Innert,Sound doesn`t work for me...
,Recommended,248820,10463418,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,elektron,"Risk of Rain... more like ""Risk of Staying_up_all_night"". Highly addictive, challenging and plain awesome."
,Recommended,248820,10472892,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Richard Nixon,"Fantastic in every way. Great gameplay, music, and graphics. A worthwhile challenge. A+"
,Recommended,248820,10520724,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,bopp,♥♥♥♥♥♥by five million blue worms made of fire after 10 hours of grinding10/10 would play again
76561198096236042,Recommended,248820,10535816,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Tsudo,"This game is one of those binge type games where after you buy it, you'll binge on it for a while then forget about it for a while (it has very little replay value). It's a really good game to play with friends although it suffers from the occasional bug. Overall, this game is definitely worth getting during a sale or in a group of friends but I'm not sure if I would recommend getting it at full price for a solo playthrough."
,Recommended,248820,10536769,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Hexadan,A lot of fun.
76561197963238685,Recommended,248820,10539454,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Calc,49 hours so far. hard as ♥♥♥♥. cant go wrong for £3
,Recommended,248820,10539704,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Xanthum,Very Fun and there is a lot of replayability.
76561198067356079,Recommended,248820,10540886,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Perco2g,"Has a tough learning curve in the beginning, but once you start to inventory new items and get a hold of the individual characteristics of each player, the game becomes more enjoyable.Has amazingly high replay value for me. The added content that the DEVs recently implemented made me start playing the game more than before."
,Recommended,248820,10542825,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Kid Retard,https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=zT3iviHrhUI#t=28thats all you gotta knowthink steams♥♥♥♥♥♥skip to 28 seconds for the actual review
76561198063099405,Recommended,248820,10544367,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,WiseGuySteve,The best
,Recommended,248820,10404880,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Shamonic,the only game where you can kill a boss in 3 seconds and still not be ready for the final fight... or die randomly to trash mobs.Love every minute.
,Recommended,248820,10406110,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,"g0re, Baby, g0re!","Immer wieder anders, immer wieder großer (und teilweise frustrierender) Spaß!"
,Recommended,248820,10406440,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Mandelius,"Great game. You can put giant amounts of hours into it, and still have fun. Play with friends and get some artifacts for even more fun"
,Recommended,248820,10361792,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Lauki,"Love this game, tons of repliability."
,Recommended,248820,10363798,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,WaterBird,"Highly unforgiving but after a few playthroughs you get the hang of the game. The item and class diversity adds to a bit of replayability, different characters to choose solo or a posse ready to take on the sprites of this game in co-op. For the price you can't go wrong and no doubt there will be sales.Bottom line if you're not interested, pick it up at a low price when you can and jump in."
,Recommended,248820,10384045,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,ProperRooster,"Really enjoy this game, especially when you have someone with whom you can play it!"
,Recommended,248820,10341843,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,o h g o s h,"Played the game at my friend's house today, played for ninety minutes before a magma worm made me its ♥♥♥♥♥. Now my girlfriend's pregnant. Best game ever.By the end of a few hours' play time, was fighting 3 giant boars, a boss that had items like the ones I found in-game, at least 20 each of golems, security-guard-type enemies, robots, and firebreathing 15-foot tall lizards. I had piercing attacks, rockets that flew out of me when I hit enemies, life-leeching, a jetpack, the horn of an ifrit, and the heart of a giant golem. These are just a few of the pickups I had. It was only my 5th life or so.TEN POINT FOUR OUTTA TEN"
,Recommended,248820,10347609,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,EpicTanooki,"As you're piloting your cargo ship, the UES Contact Light, everything is going fine. You, along with your crew, some stowaways, an exotic animal, and the robot janitor, are going about your days, delivering packages across the cosmos. Suddenly, you lose all power, but the alarm sirens buzz off, running off the spare power. You search around, hoping to fing the intruders, suddenly, a kingly figures appears before a crowd of the planet's inhabitants, you start to pull out your gun, but the man flings you into a pod, and sends you towards your certain demise. You survive the crash, but your suit is damaged, and your crew is lost, leaving you, armed with a gun, your wits, and whatever you can scavenge from your ships cargo containers, you are forced to jump around the planet, teleporter to teleporter, to face ""Providence,"" as you've come to call the kingly figure, and reclaim your ship, honor, and crew.Risk of Rain is easily worth $10 dollars, if you have spare free time, enjoy rogue-likes, or are looking for a unique experience. This game will very easily hold you over, with tons of unlocks, 11 interesting classes, both a single and multiplayer experience, and the newly added artifacts, Risk of Rain holds much more than can be explained. I have put hours into unlocking the unique items, and enjoying the pleasing art and music style. The combat is smooth, the items are interesting, and the game provides a good challenge, but it always feels fair."
,Recommended,248820,10400191,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,heavyawsmdinoslayer,this is a game that is not easy but is very addicting also you can do multiplayer by useing the old xbox controllers with the cord.you start off with one charicter the commando but as you play you can get diffrent and more charicters like acrid and the enforcer both very good at close quarters combat i am not going to reveal how to get them but lets say that they are not the easyest to get... please leave some feedback on how you feel about this game
,Recommended,248820,10421184,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,SantaBaron,Awsome
,Recommended,248820,10424189,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,QuantumNight2002,This game is hard as nails if you don't get past to the second level don't be sad your the majority.
76561198028908106,Recommended,248820,10429245,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Lotad,daarom
,Recommended,248820,10135290,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,MapleNut,"A very very fun game that will give you countless hours of fun. Many characters, tons of enemies, hard as hell final boss, barrages of game-changing abilities, and many jokes and humor scattered around."
76561198043875401,Recommended,248820,10729236,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Squirrelmonkey,"I loved the game and the constant fear of precipitation, it just makes the game that more intense compared to other rogue likes."
76561198010768562,Recommended,248820,10729363,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Shanelol,0/10 no garfield
76561198004415083,Recommended,248820,10729721,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Balroc,Great game. Even better soundtrack.
76561198009186894,Recommended,248820,10729935,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,>>zub | grezeh,"grab it,while you can!"
76561198052862084,Recommended,248820,10730134,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Pengas Battle-Tits,it's okay i guess
76561198002315662,Recommended,248820,10730332,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,wallacetothe2,Challenging but never unfair just the right amount of difficulty for a great game. It really sucks you in.
,Recommended,248820,10730590,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Inkaflare,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is hard. So. freaking. hard.Yet so addictive. I've died around 20 times on my first hour of playing, but I was still motivated to keep going and try one more time. And one more time. And one more time. Unlocking something after every death makes it still feel rewarding, and getting a little further, surviving a little longer every try also motivates you to get better.The whopping 10 available classes should give everyone something they enjoy playing as most, and even though I've only unlocked half of them, they each feel and play completely different. I assume it is the same for the ones that I haven't unlocked yet.I definitely recommend this to anyone who enjoys a real challenge and piling up upgardes to feel super OP and yet get stomped by some random mobs upon reaching the next stage."
,Recommended,248820,10731040,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Bananarama,"Buy this game, play it with friends and i can easily say you will have an awesome time"
,Recommended,248820,10731299,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Pirate,They don't think it be like it is but it do
,Recommended,248820,10731515,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,N:K,I just now realized that 21 hours of my life was sucked into this... AFTER TWO TIMES OF PLAYING.
76561198053416473,Recommended,248820,10731602,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,JFK's Bullet,"This game is great fun, constant killing and increasing difficulty as time passes. You can go back and grind the levels again, look for artifacts and make your character more overpowered before you go to the final level...you can spend hours on just one playthrough."
76561197988109843,Recommended,248820,10731725,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Snek,"Amazing Rogue-Like game that reminds me a lot of Binding of Isaac. I love the unlockability, the different classes and how easily you are able to use a controller with this game. A definite buy."
,Recommended,248820,8498594,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,NinesThousand,"Well this game is addicting to me. Everytime you play you unlock more and its hard as balls but pretty fun! I have gotten as far as the 4th level on ""I SEE YOU"" Difficulty. In my opinion its worth buying. One thing I will say is that the multiplayer aspect between the lagging and the difficulty of setting up through Hamachi is not properly optimized. I think after all this time that the devs need to update the game a bit and fix the multiplayer issues. The game is fun but multiplayer is almost unplayable for me."
76561198051493295,Recommended,248820,10731958,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Squidgamadidge,"My go to game if i'm bored, stuff gets crazy after 40 minutes"
,Recommended,248820,10732343,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Shinoa,Send help
,Recommended,248820,10732488,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Bupho,good
,Recommended,248820,10698874,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Chilled,Fun game to mess around in
,Recommended,248820,10700568,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,MeNoSushi,"Rating: 9/10Easily my favourite 'rogue-like' game!Very hard, especially during the first few tries, but gets slightly easier each playthrough.With 10 different characters each with different attacks you wont run out of ways to play.Add the 10 various game changing artifacts to this and they can make they game either easier, or much harder.Overall a great purchase, but not for people who get frustrated with deaths in games (you will die a lot).Recommended to anyone who likes rogue-like games, or who wants a game that they can kill time in.Only downside to me is that I play it on a laptop, and if my computer goes to sleep or closes, the game will instantly close and not save progress."
,Recommended,248820,10700706,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Nutni,Its good.
,Recommended,248820,10632807,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,pert02,"This game is going to creep you out every single time you dare to play it. However this ♥♥♥♥ing game is one of the most challenging and perharps rewarding game you'll ever play. You will feel like a god once you get pass the first boss, not to say the others.I strongly recommend playing it with an XBOX or PS controller to be able to do slightly better.PS: Don't expect resolution for this game, nor mercy, ENJOY!"
76561197969916232,Recommended,248820,8429690,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,He-Ian,"So much fun, even if it kills me so often."
,Recommended,248820,7776314,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Rusty Door Hinge,DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE
76561198046943616,Recommended,248820,8430927,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Bubi,'Tis fun
76561198045060110,Recommended,248820,8419295,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,NOOBALICIOUS1,Crazy game with unlimited replayability! I love it!
76561197962886806,Recommended,248820,8419704,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,tenikay,It's good.
,Recommended,248820,8419746,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ChopChopBunny,Surpisingly fun if you like spelunky and rogue legacy it's like those games only with more action.
,Recommended,248820,8419797,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Blorp,"It's cheep, fun, and addicting. Kinda like crack.."
,Recommended,248820,8420395,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Ganbaruby,"10/10 ""Would bang"""
,Recommended,248820,8420437,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Moose,I don't even know how many copies of this game I have purchased for other people.Just buy the damn thing already. Then go to bandcamp and buy the soundtrack.
,Recommended,248820,8420692,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,KillaWillaWhale,"HIGHLY RECOMMEND. Beautifully done indie game. Replayability is phenomenal, victory is maximally satisfying, coop gameplay will boost your friendships and pulls the game together in a symphony of masterful teamwork. Game is worth more than 10 dollars, if you're reading this and it's on sale, buy it up man."
76561197993806494,Recommended,248820,8420889,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Yunaforever009,"One of my new addictions. This game enchants you on your first playthrough, captivates you by the fourth and hooks you by the fifth. It is truly a treasure to play and enjoy."
76561198042058468,Recommended,248820,8422165,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,GoonRacer,"Feels like a game you would go to an arcade and pay a quarter to play. There are a lot of different powers to collect, but you don't really get to have fun mass killing things with them, since you need to be constantly rushing to the next stage before the enemies get impossibly hard to fight."
76561198008379429,Recommended,248820,7737882,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,Bunz Mctickles,"Incredibly fun game. The gameplay is different from play through to play through due to changing maps and randomized items drops.  The difficulty is rock hard but the game never feels unfair. Ten unlockable characters with entirely different playstyles also stops the game from getting stale, and the amount of unlockable content is at a healthy level. Very good game and am looking forward to seeing what else this studio puts out."
,Recommended,248820,8412501,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Multisensory,"This game is super fun and addicting. It is a permadeath roguelike, with different classes with 4 abilities, sorta like a MOBA or MMO. You kill crap, get pickups (powerups), and don't die. Eventually you'll get overwhelmed by the constantly increasing difficulty goes on, and everything becomes a cluster****, but in a fun way.The video settings are a bit crap in the sense that you can't actually choose a certain resolution, so you may not be able to play in fullscreen. The keyboard controls are a bit awkward, but rebindable. I'd suggest using a controller with a good dpad, just make sure to rebind movement to the dpad.This game is well worth the money."
,Recommended,248820,8402920,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,prna,"What a great game, you can shoot and move and cool skills also robots"
,Recommended,248820,8412689,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,BPPS.BPLPBPPS,"fun fast and boasting really cool classes, this is a great game if you want to kill an hour or two a day, with the biggest complaint being that sometimes the items seem either over or far too under powered. however, the feeling when you beat the boss after a difficult run is great and i would give this game 4 out of 5 stars"
,Recommended,248820,8412820,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,samz,"This game is proof that you do not need megaproduction to provide good and honest video game entertainment for oldskool gamers.I like the simple gameplay and love the graphics. Even tho this game is meant to be single player, the online co-op is most fun because its not always easy to get friends in front of same computer."
,Recommended,248820,8413011,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Foo,Games teh♥♥♥♥♥♥yo
,Recommended,248820,8413257,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,runescape friend,"Hella hard, No saving, infinite hordes of enemies. 10/10"
,Recommended,248820,8413802,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Mustachio,Another Great Roguelike.
,Recommended,248820,10720327,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,[FS] Andreikepka,Very good RogueLike game. 10\10
76561198119797799,Recommended,248820,10721403,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,CranberryJones,One of the best sidescrollers I've played in a while for sure!!
,Recommended,248820,10721813,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Baldrick,This is the game that finally got me to stop playing Binding of Isaac non-stop. And then play this non-stop instead.
76561198002171833,Recommended,248820,10722147,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Turrus,"Be forewarned: If you don't have a gamepad, get one before you grab this title. You'll thank me later.With that said, grab Risk of Rain with both hands. Seriously folks, you might think you won't get a lot of mileage out of such a piddling-looking little 2D sidescroller, but RoR is a whole SPECTRUM of difficulty. Want to slam through it in half an hour? Go for it. Want to pick through slowly, grab everything you can, ascend to pixelated godhood firing missiles out of every orifice, and several new ones? You can do that too.Play to win.ORPlay to suffer.This is the game that convinced me 'Roguelikes' could actually be enjoyable."
,Recommended,248820,10722310,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Nogan,It made my nipples erect.
,Recommended,248820,10722983,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,SuPrEmE,"Incredibly fun, fast paced, random items, bosses, team-play (if you have a friend with it).  All around a good time.  Bought it at main price, happy.  On sale now, do it :)"
76561197970333486,Recommended,248820,10723078,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Tester,"Risk of Rain is one of the best 2D games to come out in a long while. It has great replayability, even though the levels do tend to be generated in a similar fashion after a while, as you have so many different ways to play because every new character you unlock takes a long time to master and each one of them demands different play styles.It has a killer soundtrack, is great fun to play in Co-op if you can find some people to play with and is a great way to spend 30-60 minutes of action packed time."
76561198026281671,Recommended,248820,10723207,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Logix,"WHAT THE F#%@. IF YOU DON'T ALREADY HAVE THIS GAME THEN WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU WAITING FOR. THIS ♥♥♥♥ IS AMAZEBALLS AS A FUDGE CAKE. THIS IS POSSIBLY THE MOTHER OF ALL ROGUELIKES OUT THERE. PLAY THIS GAME. NOW. 9.5/10 (characters take a long effort to unlock but it's way worth it). IGNORE THE RATING ON STEAM, THIS IS THE ♥♥♥♥ LADIES AND GENTLEMAN."
,Recommended,248820,10723253,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Ridiculous,I seriously hate the clay men.... Unlocking characters is a bit difficult but the game is fun! Crit and heal are the best items then knockback. Saw and mines are amazing usable items.But it and have fun!
,Recommended,248820,10723304,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Munycorn,Awesome and fun game :D.
,Recommended,248820,10723358,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Seiyū,"Quite possibly the best rougelike/lite/esque I've ever played. Every morsel of success is insanely gratifying, and the temptation of more and more unlockables (which, for the record, don't make the game any easier necessarily, just different) keeps me coming back for more. All of the character classes feel unique, each with their own playstyle and item preferences.Co-op is really fun, but not a necessity (and the easiest multiplayer to join I've ever found in a game like this).The music and art direction are also fantastic.My only complaint is that there is a somewhat heavy luck element as powerup drops are mostly randomized, but that's a standard element of this genre and a ""bad"" drop in no way prohibits your success, just makes it less easy than a drop specifically suited to your character would.10/10 Most certainly recommend."
76561197995657669,Recommended,248820,10723910,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Matthewlangelo,"This is an absolutely fantastic and challenging Rogue-like.The soundtrack is beautiful and captivating, the game lives and breathes more than any modern graphical behemoth.If you love games like Spelunky and Rogue Legacy (both of which are well worth your time if you haven't already experienced them) then you will adore Risk of Rain."
,Recommended,248820,10723955,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Glocron,"It's a difficult but rewarding rouge-like-action-platformer-survival-exploration...thing. It seems impossible at first, but you do a little better each time until you start toreach the later levels. also, the pixel art and soundtrack are fanstatic."
,Recommended,248820,10724667,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,AMARUS,Extremely fun and addicting game.  Pick it up while it's on sale.
,Recommended,248820,10724874,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Ijin,"Simple concept, minimalistic design, lovely pixel art, great music and massive replayability. Pure awesomness :) Great roguelike 2D shooter/platformer."
76561197993327937,Recommended,248820,10725093,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Salmonkoh,"simple yet addictive. Might appears to be daunting at first, then FUN"
,Recommended,248820,10685798,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Chungo Cunt Catcher,this game eats you from the insidedon't do it
76561198045197642,Recommended,248820,10686167,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Salty Crackers,"Yo, THIS GAME BE BALLIN'!"
,Recommended,248820,10686512,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,n o i r e。,buy. git gud
,Recommended,248820,10687416,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Ook Ook,"Awesomely fun game!Would recomend, think roguelike platformer with unique items and huge replayability."
,Recommended,248820,10746253,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Vsauce Jam,AMAZING!
,Recommended,248820,10746465,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Loop,THIS IS AN AWESOME GAME
,Recommended,248820,10746654,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,PAPA FRANKU,It makes fun of me when I die. 10/10
,Recommended,248820,10751542,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ClockTower,"This is a great game and is very fun solo or with friends but there are a few flaws: First I picked this game up in he comunity's choice sale and it was advertised as co-op. While this is technicaly true it requires port forwarding and for you to give you own router ip adress to the people joining your game, so make sure you trust them. Also from what I can see there is no random join match, which may be important to you; not so much for me. One other thing is that I don't know if it is just the randomness of the game or my good luck, but I completed the game on my third try. This isn't a downside however because the game has infinite replayability, but there is a harder difficulty so I might have to play on that ; ). One final thing is that the levels do not seem to be randomly generated. There are subtle changes but it is possible to remember where you are going in all the different enviroments. The teleporter placement does change though which can often catch you off guard and be your undoing. Overall this is a brilliant game and i can see myself spending well over 10 or maybe 20 hours on this game which i would say is a very resonable for the price. Oh and just as a last note  I haven't encoutered any frame drop, but there are multiple reports of it so be aware."
76561197961485449,Recommended,248820,10106196,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,.Reload,Damn fun.
,Recommended,248820,10172665,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Maffulfish,"risk of rain is a fun game, which is relitively chalanging, but still gives you a sense of progress when you complete a level. it can be infuriating a times, and i wouldn't reccomend playing it for prolonged periords of time, however it's a nice game to pick up and play for ten minuets when your bored."
,Recommended,248820,10174816,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,The_King_of_Names,It somehow manages to be fun even while it makes you mad and want to throw a controller at the wall
,Recommended,248820,10175408,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Banana In My Ear,"This game is difficult, agravating, blood-curdling, and I loved every minute of it. Great to play co-op."
,Recommended,248820,10176861,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Kepz,"Risk of Rain is one of the finest, if not THE finest example of a well done roguelike RPG. In Risk of Rain, a spaceship carrying packages that include military prototypes, ancient artifacts, and scientific experiments suddenly suffers a catastrophic failure forcing your character to use an escape pod to land on a uncharted and hostile planet. With each play though you can unlock new items and characters with unique properties to keep the game fresh and interesting. Risk of Rain even supports co-op, either online or locally so you don't have to travel alone. Risk of Rain is one my favorite games on steam, and is certainly worth your time. Will you escape this hostile planet and discover what happened to the ship, or will you just be another casualty?"
76561197976822991,Recommended,248820,10160414,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Keez,Great game! Its a real challenge for single player.
,Recommended,248820,10185430,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,PlayBoyMan,"I can warn you right now: This game will upset the novice gamer in the first few minutes.But that's a good thing, because it makes you want to play it more, so you can stop sucking so much.Risk of Rain is a really good game on a lot of levels - the stage design is challenging and difficult on a progressive scale - the longer you play the game, the harder it gets. Even if you are just playing it for the first time, there will be a lot of times where the bad guys will gang up on you and kill you in seconds.It's what I like to call, ""Nintendo Medium"" Easy to understand, but hard as hell to play.Add it to your library as soon as you can."
76561198062895292,Recommended,248820,10185885,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Sir Jamy the Strangler,"a couple of hours ago i installed a brand new, top of the line graphics card.now i can handle far cry on maximum settings with no fuss.  so am i playing it?no.  i'm playing risk of rain, because this game is dope"
76561198005987460,Recommended,248820,10511014,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,khaos4321,simple and amazing
,Recommended,248820,10512365,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,sillym0nk3y,5/5
,Recommended,248820,10549642,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Life,"I cannot properly explain why I love this game, but I do.  I find myself always going back to it.  Seriously one of the best games I have played in a long time, no matter how ""simple"" it may be.It is by far (to date) the best purchase I have made on Steam."
,Recommended,248820,10551865,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Irghen,"I saw the teaser and I knew it was going to be an amazing game. I'm glad to say I wasn't wrong. With the enormous amount of characters, enemies and powerups, every run is a completely different beast, and all the unlockable content gives it some splendid replayability.You don't only have to polish your execution skills but also your ability to evaluate ambiguous choices on the fly while surrounded by a million enemies: ""Should I sweep the stage or do I rush?"" ""Should I farm or explore?"" ""Which use item is the best given the powerups I now have?"" ""Why is everything on this planet trying to murder me?""A true game in every sense of the word. Now I only need some friends to get some couch co-op going."
76561197983821427,Recommended,248820,10552534,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Stinky Butt Boiz,"Side-scrolling shooter similar to SOLDAT. Fight waves of enemies, use the money they drop to buy upgrades, find the portal to the next level, boss and swarm appears, survive. 4 player co-op, character classes, all that. Super fun."
76561198061940317,Recommended,248820,10553195,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,KOS-MOS,"Crazy difficult,but hella fun"
76561198054451534,Recommended,248820,10553434,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,All Oiled Up,"It's so hard getting hooked up to a game. but once you do, it's like. BOOM BOOM PEW PEW PEW KAPLOOEY. herh merh gherd guys, i am dead 5 minutes in, can we start all over?""naw brah""""eff you guys""end of friendships"
,Recommended,248820,10553423,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,TheSilentCartographer,A game so good I purchased an original copy even after I completed a pirated copy.
,Recommended,248820,10278280,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Mr.Chicanery,a wonderfully frustrating obsession
,Recommended,248820,10320263,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Vapor.wav,"This game is worth the cost, hours of endless fun. A unforgiving rougelike game."
76561197960388137,Recommended,248820,10229854,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,softlan,Awesome game!
,Recommended,248820,10230243,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,EverydayGhost,"A very fun game and DEFINITELY worth $10. I'm a huge fan of rogue-likes and this satisfied that love and then some. It IS hard as ♥♥♥♥ and you WILL die. A lot. But it's varied enough that you can play it over and over without that really being an issue. One thing I really appreciate is how varied the playable characters are as well. Gameplay and tactics change drastically from one character to the next.Seriously though, this♥♥♥♥♥♥is hard yo, lol.Still curious? Want to check it out a little more before you decide? Perhaps this will help:http://youtu.be/FoJpi1Rrr08"
,Recommended,248820,10231081,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Fosilehunter,"This game is very good and time consuming, i would recommend it to anyone with love for bullet hell and indie games"
,Recommended,248820,10231791,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Mister Fitshace,"This game is awesome! The retro graphics combined with very fast action and cool music/sounds make this one of my favorites. Every time you hear what sounds like a church bell the game gets increasingly difficult. Add in multi-player and being randomly generated each time adds to the high replay factor. Oh, there are lots of great weapons too. Anyone looking for a fun fast paced challenge I highly suggest this game. AWESOME!"
,Recommended,248820,10218979,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Joe,"IMHO... This is one of THE best rougelike games I've played, on the same level as FTL.- Local/Online Multiplayer!- Class based, Skill driven, Different cooldown based skills- Scaling difficulty with time- OST is amazing."
,Recommended,248820,10220828,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,GIGACREAM,its vary gud
,Recommended,248820,10220871,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Framitup,One of the easiest games to pick up and play. Loads of fun I HOPE THEY MAKE ROR2!!
76561197988052992,Recommended,248820,10222745,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Nix,Fun. Challenging. Cheap. Buy.
76561198091448338,Recommended,248820,10224435,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,DiddleJester,So Simple yet so hard.
,Recommended,248820,8350853,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,megadook,"Risk of rain is an action/adventure game with roguelike elements. It is extremely difficult, however I think the difficulty serves to help the game, not hinder it. Dying is and has always been part of the fun of any game with roguelike elements. The game is not hard to dive in to, and RoR's randomly generated worlds and enemies keep the game feeling fresh after every play through. There is a good amount of characters available to unlock that I have yet to be able to explore, and on replay value alone I would reccomend Risk of Rain to anyone. On top of all of this, I am excited to try out the co-op element of the game as well!"
,Recommended,248820,8351623,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Butterfly,"I didn't expect much from this game, but one of my friends talked me into trying it.  And let me say, I'm really glad I did.  For some reason, I am finding this game very addicting!  My only complaint would be that we have to do some port forwarding to be able to play with friends."
,Recommended,248820,8352013,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,tcolson1,"As a single player game Risk of Rain is mildly entertaining, and immensely challenging. It's potential as a multi-player game is exceptional, and the endless stage and powerup settings make it the type of game you can survive infinately, or die quickly."
,Recommended,248820,8353138,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Gyro Boy the Sequel,"This game is an all around winner. The graphics and music are lovely, coupled with killer gameplay. A definite must-have for people who enjoy games like The Binding of Isaac and Rogue Legacy, or any platformer for that matter."
76561198083295863,Recommended,248820,8353645,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,DorpPorp,it worth your money
,Recommended,248820,8354065,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,dubol,fun game
76561198034547991,Recommended,248820,8354930,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Doria Neto,Amazing game overall. The random aspect of it really fits well in the survivor style and the artwork is beautiful
,Recommended,248820,8355631,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,『Kuri』,"Risk of Rain takes place on a planet full of horrors and adventure. To escape you must guide your character though several stages on the planet, to reach your damaged spaceship. Risk of rain uses a concept much like Binding of Issac. Throughout the game you kill numerous baddies while collecting items that give special abilities and power ups. But as you go on the game gets prgressively harder and attempts to cover your screen with monsters and bullets. The world is beatifully designed in pixels, and is randomized every playthrough. Not only that to mix it up there are 10 different classes, each with distinct playstyles. The simple story and concepts combined with the amazingly crafted world make this game an excellent choice to spend your money on.-Overall-9/10"
76561198041920464,Recommended,248820,7735244,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,Trollykins,Great game. Encourages aggressive gameplay by making it harder the longer you play.Can be good for a quick game or a long marathon (I've had 1 game go over an hour).Any problem is that some characters are objectively better than others. But there is a nice variety between them.
76561198043874973,Recommended,248820,7664939,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,AT|Urimel,♥♥♥♥♥dms.
76561197992901060,Recommended,248820,8332825,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Nordan,"Episode six ofWas It Worth It?is here! We playedRisk of Rainthis time around, and we're excited to let you know what we think about this sci-fi action platformer with heavy roguelike elements. Were we scared away by the unforgiving, sometimes overly repetitive gameplay? Or did the utterly fantastic soundtrack, fun retro aesthetic and polished cooperative online play win us over?Audio version available on SoundcloudTranscription available here!"
,Recommended,248820,8294854,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Tenjen,"A rogue-like random-bonus-item dropping currency earning side scrolling character-leveling class based shooter with timeplayed-to-difficulty-ratio and online co-op?! In 8 bit style?!If you love roguelkes, this game is amazing. It offers you more control over yourself than most roguelikes but dont be fooled. This is as luck based as they come, explore quickly, kill quickly, earn currency, level up, get items, choose items, dont dilly dally, every second makes the game more difficult. Hope you dont get insane tough spawns or combinations of mobs that will screw you over when they're together. Atleast hope it doenst happen when you're weary and dieing. HOPE IN VAIN as with all roguelikes!Keep moving, keep earning, keep buying, keep killing. Or you die.This game combined random luck, skill and control in a manner that few roguelikes achieve. For what good it will do for your sanity."
,Recommended,248820,8296321,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Fart Darkness,Best
,Recommended,248820,8300146,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Heiral,"Great game, if you're into old-school games like I am, you're gonna love it. Get it while it's still on sale!"
,Recommended,248820,8300555,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Cevo,"Would recommend this (and have) to anyone looking for a decent rogue-like experience. The game starts out ridiculously difficult. Some people kick off tearing through it like tissue paper, but the majority struggle with just the first level.. but that's okay, that's a roguelike for you. It's a clean 50/50 between luck and skill, so ignore anyone who goes on about being a natural. It's possible to get a spree of crappy items, dooming you as you progress to enemies that take chunks of your life.There's built in controller support that I personally LOVE to use and abuse, I play with my controller often, it's a natural experience and it even opens up splitscreen multiplayer capabilities, which is most enjoyable. Online multiplayer is great too, and even with my distance lag being in Japan I can enjoy playing with randoms all over the world, the net code does it's job and makes the game very enjoyable.There's a plethora of characters to unlock and each offers a unique and enjoyable experience. Some are more suited for multiplayer, the sniper is great solo but is an ultimate boss killer when your allies keep the baddies off of you.I've gotten more than my money's worth from this game and encourage anyone to play it. 16 hours well spent!"
,Recommended,248820,8666888,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,spstripmachine,"Love this game. Pixelated 2d space shooter with roguelike elements. The character selection is diverse, and each one is interesting in their own right. Pacing is decent, but a little hard to get a handle on. Items could be mixed up a little more, suffers from that problem alot of roguelikes have where pretty much every one makes you a little tougher or a little more damaging. Every run is a little different, and the planets aren't entirely randomly generated, there just seems to be pieces that are predesigned that either are or are not on that planet in a playthrough. Lots of secrets, lots of action, and just great fun. Music and sound effects add alot to the game, great score. Enemies are all very different and require their own strategies."
,Recommended,248820,8667015,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,DJ Bluntz™,I love this game. I've put a couple hours into it and you can apparently win it....crazy....
,Recommended,248820,8667217,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Fireb4llz,"The game blends action platforming with roguelike elements as well as adding some of its own unique twists, effectively creating the most intense gameplay experience I've had in 2013. This coupled with great pixel art and an amazing soundtrack makes this a fantastic game well worth checking out."
,Recommended,248820,8657227,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Novite,"Another excellent psuedo-roguelike platformer. This game is a lot of fun, has great music, excellent combat, and is damn challenging. I would recommend checking out TotalBiscuit's review of it to get an idea of it, since a lot of the draw of the game is it's great visuals and combat system.www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Zh30kl6nwY"
76561198101035323,Recommended,248820,8657235,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,matt.kaizen,"This game is great for both the casual and hardcore player. I'm pretty addicted to this game right now. The graphics are beautiful pixels and the action is smooth, fun and satisying."
,Recommended,248820,8633178,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,gord,is good.* edit after a few days - its really really good.
76561198006581671,Recommended,248820,8400710,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,farinarsch,"Awesome game, if you can stand the a bit underwhelming graphics.Best Platformer/RPG I played yet.The price is ok, and in Online-multiplayer (using Hamachi recomended) twice as fun.Many unlockables (items, Chars...)Good game"
,Recommended,248820,7707658,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,grimmeld,Epic
,Recommended,248820,8536602,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Loose_Screwz,"Lots of fun, great co-op, can get super hard."
,Recommended,248820,8537299,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Olwekahuey,JELLYFISH KEEP ZAPPING ME IN WAVES CAN'T GET THE COMMANDO ACHIEVEMENT DODGE ROLL DOESN'T CHARGE FAST ENOUGH
76561198094620670,Recommended,248820,8539737,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Sleepy Guardsman,I found this game to be very challenging at times while being rewarding for overcoming those challenges. The only issue I have with it is the occasional bugs that it can have which make playing it less than enjoyable
76561198086540002,Recommended,248820,8539784,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,finn.bob,"This game has to be played, its as tough as old boots but amazingly fun to play. One of my best steam buys."
,Recommended,248820,8541006,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Taternutz,is rly good
76561198009549685,Recommended,248820,8527245,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Gearivana,Hard but addicting. one of the better indie games ive played in a good long while.
,Recommended,248820,8529212,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,reco.dromen,"it would be great to have dedicated servers. im not that great at this game, but i still find it enjoyable every time i play it. my only complaint is that its too hard to unlock new characters. i've put in too many hours to have only 3 characters..."
,Recommended,248820,8529287,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Mao The Dong,"Get a sense of alienation while at the same time incurring your wrath on the hostile native fauna. Atmospheric music combined with minimalistic sprites give you just enough info to piece together a world on your own. Use your imagination and blinky lights to live in a world where everything wants to kill you and you want to kill everything else. Indulge your inner OCD by collecting dozens of equipment items. And dodge man, don’t forget to DODGE!"
,Recommended,248820,8529289,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Scooter,"Lots of items, great challenge, diverse character roster. Play with friends!"
76561198011344684,Recommended,248820,8533191,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Captain Kage,"Risk of Rain is a great game, Rogue like, so you're likely to die quite often.It combines style with gameplay to a nice degree.Ofcourse, Luck is an element you'll need lots of.So, good luck!"
,Recommended,248820,8541931,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,HessianD,The one game I want to destroy my FPS.It hurts SO GOOD.
76561198042716707,Recommended,248820,8541960,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,L0RDANGUS,This game is great. I can't stop playing it!
,Recommended,248820,8542030,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Jerrymander,"An endless fast-paced action-packed alien killing experience! Fun by yourself or with friends.The game, to me, has great replayability as it is a skill-based roguelike with unlockable classes and the choice to just keep going to see how long you can survive. For those who liked combat in Terraria, but wanted a crisper system with more of a challenge, Risk of Rain is it.In the end, I bought the four-pack, and it was worth the money. Everyone I gifted the game to has logged a good amount of hours (10+) playing."
,Recommended,248820,8542485,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,ACE IRONLUNGS,"[1]...And every time you start a new game you get a good amount of items and start feeling safe; you start thinking, ""This is the one, this time I am going to make some great progress!"" but you don't, so you try again...[2]"
,Recommended,248820,8542751,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,William Tecumseh Sherman,"if youre a fan of games like Rogue Legacy, you'll love this. Each class has their own set of unique skills and traits and just unlocking them all is a large enough task. The items you can collect increase with each in game achievement you complete and each item has their own unique ability.the game supports 4 player coop, both local and online however there have been issues with this working properly. even without the multiplayer the game is still an excellent time. a high risk/reward setup, perpetually increasing difficulty and randomly generated maps make it a game youll be able to keep coming back to and never have the same run twice."
,Recommended,248820,8542781,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,BorschtBoy89,"NOTE: Controller support is indeed only partial! I had to deal with rebinding controller inputs for 30 mins and almost quit and gave a bad review. It's not impossible, just wonky.I suggest leaving the movement binds alone, and only rebinding the actual buttons! I have a Logitech F710, the X-box style gamepad.Plays best with a controller, but some menus only use mouse. If you Big Picture this, get your Wireless mouse ready!With that said, RoR is great. Awesome action game, tons of items to find and dudes to unlock. You will eventually start unlocking new guys after just a few rounds of playing. Try to resist looking up how to unlock them for awhile and it's a funner surprise when you do."
76561198041547047,Recommended,248820,8542850,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Ownja,Crazy old school fun! Brilliant.
,Recommended,248820,8544902,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Peoplepoathcer88,"This game is suprisingly hard but actually very fun, especially when playing with others"
,Recommended,248820,8545454,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,jionmonster,"Absolute pure pixel fun at its finest. Risk of Rain has captured something I have not seen in a while. The singleplayer is just so much fun, with random generated worlds, loads of powerups, and perfect amount of difficulty. So how could this get better? Why not add an amazing co-op mode as well. Great game for yourself or with friends."
76561198033259810,Recommended,248820,8546434,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,black-shadow,great game i recommend this to anyone who like to play 2d game's
,Recommended,248820,8547832,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Harry Manchover,"Very fun and addicting if you like permadeath games. It's an action platforming shooter, but it's similar to Binding of Isaac in that it's very luck based and there are many items you pick up and stack that can make you feel very overpowered. There are several unique classes to make replayability interesting after completing the game. The game isn't completely polished, but there's nothing game breaking. There's a surprising amount of interesting lore for a mostly storyless game. The enemy info logs were a very nice touch. I highly suggest it, though it's probably not for everyone."
76561198049824975,Recommended,248820,8548246,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Walrus,juioiujnponjionjionjionjionjhio
,Recommended,248820,7904055,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Vulgar Valkyrie,"First 10min game play impression: Beautifully made, the graphics are stunning, the music is superb. Controls are a little wonky, but I can easily adjust to them.Review: WOW, I feel bad for buying this game on sale, I wish I would of handed over little more. The videos, nor this review do this game justice, fast paced, brutal and unforgiving! Makes all ur personal achievements that much more rewarding! Been a while since an ""indie"" game had me hooked!amazing game overall. wish it was easier to host/join servers. but absolutley awesome. a must have if you are trying to collect replayable games!"
,Recommended,248820,8525331,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,lBa,Really Good Game.
,Recommended,248820,8526253,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,KingFishy419,"I personally enjoy this game alot its hard but you get good at it. it only works on my lapton thats♥♥♥♥♥♥and not my beast desktop wondering why I get a error saying ""floating point division by zero"" please fix."
76561197972392799,Recommended,248820,8513398,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,bogomips,"Very addictive and good music.My only quibbles are:- It could use a minimap- Runs are a little too luck based, your success is heavily influenced by the random drops."
,Recommended,248820,8515179,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,ERIC WEEEEEEEEEEEEEMS,Get a game going for over an hour and you'll see why this game is amazing
76561198004121655,Recommended,248820,8517062,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,midnitemenace88,"Simple enough to learn but difficult enough to master. Challenging but rewarding. Each level is randomly generated, both the enemies and loot, making it not be so repetitive. Great buy."
76561198071438456,Recommended,248820,8518742,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Truthless,Quite addictive and a style of gameplay that will bring you back to the roots of the gaming.   This game will keep your attention as it provides progressive fun while you learn how to survive in this hostile environment!   I cannot wait to start coop sessions with friends.
,Recommended,248820,8619332,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Rosie Two-Legs,The roguiest of rogue-likes.
76561198059278097,Recommended,248820,8568377,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Surrakar133,THE BEST ROUGE-LIKE OUT THERE PERIOD!
,Recommended,248820,8603242,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Mitties,"this game, even tho i have such a low amount of gameplay time, this game is addictive and very fun, with a high replay value that you usally dont get from a $10 title"
,Recommended,248820,8607435,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Redd,"Risk of Rain, in my opinion, is a game meant to be played with friends. I've tried to play single player, but the real fun awaits in multiplayer, where you and your friend must communicate with each other to share loot, find the teleporter, and stay alive. Of course the multiplayer isn't accessible unless you're using a third party program such as Hamachi, but it is well worth looking into how to set it up.The game settings have a few issues, such as not actually having resolution settings, but instead scales up the game image to fit onto your screen, which causes lots of problems especially in the steam community. This causes steam messages to take up close to half the screen, and if you are talking to multiple people you can't see the game. I hope in the coming months the dev team tries to iron out a few of the wrinkles, but overall I'd say it's worth picking up ifyou can find someone to play with."
76561198031326476,Recommended,248820,8595437,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Dragaur,Love this game its fun to play on your own but where it really shines is the CO-OP playing this with a friend or three makes it a lot more fun. Talking about the items and different monsters while running around the map looking for more of both really makes this game shine. The only thing I dislike is I feel it could be longer but it still ha s a lot of re-playability with ten different classes to play through with and in different combinations with friends. Bottom line if you like futuristic action platformers with tons of monsters to kill and loot to find and you have a friend or 3 to play with this game is definitely worth a look.
,Recommended,248820,8597342,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,ChinkEyeBang'It,"this game is amazing, yet difficult, if you are into challenging/fun games then buy this"
,Recommended,248820,8598219,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Zanah,incredible game. much fun. very good. so buy. wow
,Recommended,248820,8599949,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Serpent,"Really good game for the price, the controls could use a bit of work, id rather use wasd and mouse aim.Same game engine as Gunpoint, Hotline Miami"
,Recommended,248820,10572416,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,123girr,"Incredibly Simple game, yet I can't stop playing. It offers a unique challenge that you wouldn't expect."
,Recommended,248820,10573968,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Dagon,"This game is a real gem. There isn't really much to say that has already been said. It has beautiful art, a wonderful soundtrack, imaginative enemies, ann awesome cast of characthers (even though they never say a word) and just an all around brutal combat system. If you ever wanted a permadeath game that you play for a logn time without getting bored this is the game for you. I can wholeheartedly reccomend this game."
,Recommended,248820,10610362,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Fhaldryn,"Fast paced, hectic, weird, hard and a load of fun. Especially co-op."
76561197960790482,Recommended,248820,10611237,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,azreall22,great game
76561198051463591,Recommended,248820,10612050,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mr Driver,good
,Recommended,248820,10612618,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,BuLLet,"♥♥♥♥ING LOVE IT, SOMEONE PLAY WITH ME"
76561198009836331,Recommended,248820,10612718,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Spoilt Malk,Surprisingly simple but fun
,Recommended,248820,10614019,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Patriot,"Super fun game, especially as a time waster.This game offers a lot including a wide variety of items that are spawned randomly, the rogue-like feel of this game mixed in with the art style and music is perfect, would recommend to everyone as it also runs on low-end PC's.Only problem with this game is the multiplayer/co-op as it is very broken, and while nothing has been sorted out to fix this, hopefully, some time in the future it will."
76561198041489598,Recommended,248820,10615280,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Vurgoyle,"I recommend this game it is really challenging, action packed and fun! Got it for 2,50$ during summer sale and I don't regret it!"
76561198017910022,Recommended,248820,10616655,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mulkaccino,"It's just pure simple fun. Every playthrough is a new experienced based on the items and level you get. Plus there are tons of hidden items, many base characters who play very differently, and that increasingly challenging difficulty level. Good fun!"
,Recommended,248820,10616938,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Sheperd,"Action, fast paced game, fun with friends, random each time. Although, the CO-OP option is difficult to set up"
76561198034318388,Recommended,248820,10617129,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,displacer3,"Surprisingly addictive, it's fun to see how OP you can become.  On the other hand, sometimes you just get your butt kicked.  Gameplay is pretty simple, my only complaint is the multiplayer, I never got it working with Hamachi or port forwarding."
,Recommended,248820,10006367,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Terrarian,
,Recommended,248820,10006589,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,THE LEGEND 27 STATE,"420/10 best game, game of the year, game of the decade, game of the friggin' century.best game.B E S T  G A M E .SPOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON"
76561198043320731,Recommended,248820,10006915,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,CrunchyNumbers,Absolutley brilliant
76561198050619020,Recommended,248820,10009172,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,MerkinNuevo,"I always hoped that something could resurrect my child, bring him back home. I think this game came the closest to doing so. Even though I didn't get my child back the outcome was not all that lugubrious as I at least got to see the stars and strange life beyond that was promised to me by an old man now gone."
76561198048840401,Recommended,248820,10054455,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Yobaba,Absolutely wonderful game. Definitely one of my favorites. Split screen coop is especially nice in this era of online only play.
76561197985704187,Recommended,248820,10054624,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Michael Fassbender,IT'S RAININ ENEMIESHALLELUJAH
,Recommended,248820,10055678,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Yakisoba_炒面,The best game I have palyed in steam. Very creative.
,Recommended,248820,10056308,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,MrDwels,"Risk of Rain is a Rogue-Like action platformer focused around collecting powerups and finding the exit to the level. There are many different classes to play as, each with their own unique playstyle. The game is very difficult and unforgiving, but also very rewarding  if you enjoy difficult games. The art is superb and the music is very good.My only real complaint is how much your progress depends on what gets randomly generated in your play through. I've had games with little to no items or chests in the level early on, which can affect you later on when items get more expensive. Also certain unlockable characters spawns take several playthroughs in order to catch. Sometimes when enemies swarm the screen, framerate can take a bit of a dive, other than that the game has been super smooth.In all, I love this game. It's easy to pick up and play for an hour or so, but it will take time to master and unlock everything. It has yet to feel very repetitive, even after several playthroughs. In all, it's worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,248820,10041342,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,jpmmcbride,"I really enjoyed this game. I've been skeptical about playing Rouge Likes, but the difficulty is extremely rewarding. It's a great feeling being able to progress or unlock something new. Sups fun!"
,Recommended,248820,10044673,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,cagethemartyr,"It is great fun, and addictive! I love to pay this even though i havent completed this it is much fun for me!"
,Recommended,248820,10058429,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Bluex3,"Good game, definately a lot of ragequitting occurs during the gameplay but overall, a very good game. A bit of bugs that need to be fixed though."
,Recommended,248820,10059119,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Cold Typhoon,"A pretty interesting game, in that its chaotic. It took me until my 6th try just to beat the game on hard with akrid, and even then I only won due to the massive amounts of regeneration items I kept finding.This game undoubtedly has replay value, and can most likely get you addicted.9.5/10"
,Recommended,248820,10059718,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,UGPanda,"Great time consuming game! Addicting singleplayer, with easy achievements. And an even better multiplayer, conquering hordes of mobs with friends. And arming yourself to the brim with new and exciting item upgrades. This game has a lot of potential, i'd like to see more enemies, items and character customisations!Overall score= 6/10 ""Simple, challenging and addictive."
76561197990838878,Not Recommended,248820,10039134,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,voider,The game is okay but until I can launch the game and have my audio work without having to do a repair install of Visual C++ every time I'm done with it.
76561198110879289,Recommended,248820,10046810,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,UtriGermz,"Great game, i love the challages to  the game"
,Recommended,248820,10049359,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,triplebooyah,"Fun concept, but be warned: this game will make you want to punch a hole in the wall. During a frenzy. it's nearly impossible to see your character. The game is also to large degree based on luck (hence the name, I guess), so you shouldn't feel bad about not being able to win."
76561197970971433,Recommended,248820,10053898,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Halfsquatch,"I really enjoy this game. The styling of the game is something I like. The controls are easy to learn, each class has only four moves that you can use. I found it easy to learn this game, but mastering it takes practice. Now that they have the artifacts, it makes it easier to tailor this game to suit your style of play even better."
,Recommended,248820,9905671,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Conjugal Visit From My Dad,it makes my P P become the big P P
,Recommended,248820,9906778,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,PrincessRippy,"good game , that indie adventure"
76561197977477627,Recommended,248820,9931002,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Arjantis,"Awesome game, it's like Binding of Isaac with a side view meets FTL upgrade system. MP too..."
76561197982363454,Recommended,248820,9931532,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,DatBoy,Really fun and good game !!
76561198065813538,Recommended,248820,9931561,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Jcomm_Omry,Dudes you all need to buy this gameits freaking awesome
76561198054722213,Recommended,248820,11128743,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,jlisc0,Wrecks you... In a good way.
76561198057069164,Recommended,248820,11129339,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Mumen Rider,"Gonna save you the time. I looked through a lot of the reviews, and I only saw two negative ones, and their arguments weren't that good. Here's my review:This game is fun. This game is hard. The longer you take, the harder this game gets. Although it's a rogue-like, there is that sense of progression through unlocking items, characters, and filling out your codex (or whatever you'll call it). Music is awesome. Graphics are awesome. Interesting plot. Overall, this is a damned good rogue-like game and I'd put it right up there with The Binding of Isaac. There is the option for multiplayer, and I've heard that's really good too. It's worth it for the $10, and a steal for less."
76561197971357766,Recommended,248820,11129973,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,pierre_bgt,Hard but very fun. Each time quite different especially with all the true characters available.
,Recommended,248820,11131129,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,DJ,Just addictive ever expanding challenging awesomeness.
,Recommended,248820,11134975,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Mr. Game & Scotch,"When it first came out, I watched some Risk Of Rain streams on twitch.tv and found it completely boring.But, as a human being behaving like one, I picked it up when it was on sale, anyway.And now here I am, highly recommending it. It's a pretty challenging game, but the selection of characters and items make it very fun and highly replayable.It's a game where I feel I'll have to 100% it."
,Recommended,248820,11124079,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,tmeff2311,Awesome game! Purchase it!
76561198109606362,Recommended,248820,11124348,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Joe kickass,I haven't played too much of this game only 6 games of it but There are both pros and cons.Pros-addicting gameplay-responsive controls-fun action rpg gameplay-good item bonus system-good soundtrack-fun with or without friendscons-enemy spawn rate is too high-enemys give you little to no time to heal-enemies jump in during boss fights-Only 1 class to choose from at first-no tutorial just drops you right into the gameplay(this could either be a pro or con)In conclusion this game with both pros and cons is still a good game
,Recommended,248820,11124824,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Oxygen Flux,"This game really surprised me. I heard good things from other people, but it kept off my radar for quite a long time. I didn't touch it, hear much about it until later on, and felt like I could do without it.But then I decided just to buy it on a whim.I've easily fallen in love with the game. I've never liked games that make you die. That make sure you die. That tries it's damnest just to maim, torture, and kill you. But this game does it -right-The whole basis of the game is less on that though, and more on the actual journey. The stage-by-stage dynamic in which you have to find a teleporter, and go to the next stage. It's all designed around this aspect. How do I mean?There's a timer. The longer the timer goes, the harder it gets. So you must go through as fast as possible. But it can't be -that- simple, right? No. Of course not. The game's tender love and care is equal to that of an insane Buffalo Bill enjoying your flesh from above the hole. You have to get items in order to help you through the game. Enemies can drop them, but enemies will mostly give you money, and if you have enough, you can purchase them whilst running around the area.So that's where the problem lies. Do you stay, farm enough for some more items for the challenge ahead? Or go through as fast as possible to keep the difficulty down? That's why it's so fun. This simple form expanded upon by the smallest things change the game entirely. What items you end up getting. How much time you have. What character you use to help you get through. And how much behind it all is included as well. From character unlocks, to different items the more challenges you do.And that's what makes it great.Not to mention the kickass design, and the beautiful atmospheric music. I couldn't help myself but actually -buy- the soundtrack on iTunes. I haven't heard a soundtrack this... Comfy. This beautiful in a certain way since Metroid Prime. The graphics are exactly how they need to be. Minimalist. It doesn't seem like it's pixel-art for the sake of ""muh nostalgia"" but for the sake of actually being how it should be. The artistic view of how the game should look and feel.And that's why I love it. This game is definitely recommended."
76561198080712723,Recommended,248820,11125808,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,sigma7,"I don't know why I bought this game. I'm not particularly into the retro 8-bit look that's so prevalent. I'm not quite big on platformers and my reflexes have atrophied since my Super Mario (dare I say even Pitfall?) days. But I do like a good ""rogue-like"" (read: life is cheap and the world is procedurally-generated) and it was embarrasingly cheap, so I gave it a shot.And I keep going back to it so much more than the bigger, more expensive games I bought. Plenty of powerups, stackable, with more carrot than stick: it rewards you more than it punishes you. Orbeforeit punishes you.  You'll die many times before you find the teleporter.  You'll die many times before your 90 seconds is up.  You'll die many times at the hands/pincers/tentacles/plasma of the first boss.  And the ease of restarting and reattacking the game keeps bringing you back.It's very engrossing, one of those ""just one more try"" games that manages to be big without being mind-numbingly epic (in a daunting way).  It's my biggest surprise in the Steam store."
76561198083987418,Recommended,248820,11126771,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,cruzeal,best game 2014
76561198046966626,Recommended,248820,7777845,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,end,this game is fun idk how it is with friends tho i would think it would be fun
,Recommended,248820,11127758,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,a bunch of orphans,Great Game. I can already tell that I'm going to be spending a lot of time on it
76561198137117579,Recommended,248820,24279440,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Rad Machine【=◈︿◈=】,Masochist simulator10/10 soundtrackIs very hardIs very goodBuy it fam
,Recommended,248820,11139822,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,A Penguin,"You could do a lot worse for tenbux. This game rewards skillful play, and the mechanics may be frustrating if you are looking for a casual platformer.You are one of several characters with a unique 4-set of powers. Look through the level for the teleporter, activate it, face a swarm of enemies, kill them all, and his the tele to get to the next level. There is a final level and boss fight, and then the game ends -- or you can choose to loop through the levels again with increased difficulty until you die or decide to go to the last level. Difficulty increases with time, so the longer you linger, the harder the enemies become. You get stronger by levelling up  by defeating enemies and by finding power-ups that allow you to do more damage per second (or let you move faster, jump higher, etc). You also get stronger by gaining skill with the character. Yes, your skill does factor into the balance of power.The power-ups are easily the biggest hang-up about the gamer: they are mostly random. Some power-ups are more desirable than others. If you neglect to get good at the game, you will have a tough time and will likely be frustrated by random drops. If you want to get good, you will be able to make do with any set of random drops. There is an unlockable option that allows you to select what power-up you get from a randomly-dropped tier which alleviates this problem somewhat.There are many unlockables; this is either good or bad, depending on your opinion about unlockables. The classes are different and each one offers a mostly unique gameplay. The levels are colorful and varied, but there are only so many of them, and depiste being pesudo-random, they do get a little repetitive. Some levels are easier (smaller) than others. The soundtrack is excellent. The game is poorly optimized: later levels will probably cause you to lag. Gameplay is tight and fast with only a little room to breathe. There is a multiplayer mode -- if you can get it to work -- if you're into that kind of thing. Some classes (sniper) depend on your skills more than others (huntress).That's about all there is to say. It's solid in some places, and weak in others. Overall, I liked it, and would recommend this game if you want what it offers. Challenging with a lot to master, but not completely unforgiving."
76561198101839582,Recommended,248820,11142716,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Wizard Walrus,really fun and challenging game music fits well with gameplay and very cool art style.
76561197979603467,Recommended,248820,11142857,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Volvo_Pirate Twitch,"To be short and sweet, the game is REALLY fun, but there are some exploits that can spoil some of the fun. But other than that its a great co-op rogue like platformer!"
,Recommended,248820,11006821,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Marfle-Pop,"Risk of Rain is a roguelike platformer with lots of trial and error, similarly to a game like The Binding of Isaac. It may be extremely tough for you to get a handle on the game early on, but later on in the game it becomes easier once you know enemies patterns, types, abilities, and unlock characters that you can play to your own liking. You can unlock artifacts, which also make the game incredibly fun while also making it somewhat easier, depending on which ones you choose. There are some that harshly reduce your health while giving you a giant damage bonus, and there are some which make only the most powerful types of monsters appear. If I were you, I would definitely play this game with online friends. Playing this game with a friend on the same screen becomes a burden, and sometimes we would argue for items or one of us would fall out of the screen region and we would have to scramble to get the other player on screen. It's a fun but challenging game that you should play on your own monitor for the best experience."
,Recommended,248820,11007527,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Papa Lmurphy,amzing gmae they did a great job making it difficult and fun to play! :)
,Recommended,248820,11007998,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Akeakamaye,"I don't like rogue games but this one is pure magic. I just can't playing it. hte music is great, the graphism are realy cool, the animation are nice. The items are weel thought and the dificulty is hell like. What do you want more ?"
76561198079436159,Recommended,248820,11008654,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,tlsuperbikerider,i died 13 times in a row trying to get last artifact 10/10 would play again
76561197998825270,Recommended,248820,9582010,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,The Dorf,"Risk of Rain is a 2D side scrolling roguelike shooter. Imagine if Spelunky had a bigger emphasis on combat. The object of Risk of Rain is to complete all six of its levels without dying. All of the levels in Risk or Rain are pseudo randomly generated and the monsters and powerups in the level are also randomly generated. In order to advance to the next level, you must find and activate the teleporter hidden in each level. Activating the teleporter summons the level's boss monster, which is also random, and many hordes of enemies. You'll want to be sure you've found enough powerups in the level so you're adequately prepared to fight the boss when you activate the teleporter. But don't spend too much time wandering around looking for powerups because every five minutes or so, the game's difficulty level automatically increases, spawning more tougher and stronger monsters. It creates a nice little time management risk/reward metagame similar to the one that's present in Spelunky. There's also light RPG elements in the game where killing monsters gives you EXP and money. EXP is used to level up your character and get stronger while money can be used to unlock containers scattered around the level to obtain new powerups and items.Risk of rain can be tackled solo or cooperatively and co-op mode can be played over the internet or couch co-op style. I played the game all three ways, and I must say I enjoyed playing the game co-op more than single player, but the co-op exposes some of the game's flaws. First off, the game doesn't seem to adequately balance the difficulty to account for the extra player(s). It seemed noticeably easier to me co-op as opposed to single player. The other problem is that when one player dies, the other player is left to fend for themselves which isn't really that fun for either player. When one of us died, we usually just restarted the game.I usually prefer playing games like this couch co-op style, because it's easier to share the experience with another person when they're actually physically present in the room. But the couch co-op mode here has a few problems. The game in general can become a bit hectic with bullets and powerups and enemies flying all over the screen. But when 2 or 3 players all share the same screen, it can become a bit hard to follow and tell what's going on. Also because there's only one camera in the couch co-op mode, all the players have to make an effort to stick together which can be hard to coordinate. The preferable way to play this game seems to be the over the internet multiplayer so that each player has their own camera and is free to explore as they please. Although even the internet multiplayer was a bit tricky to set up initially. You have to figure out your IP and share it with your friends and all that. I had to change some firewall settings and forward some ports as well. The actual implementation of the internet multiplayer here seems a little bare and clunky. It kind of reminded me of how internet gaming was in the late 90s. Maybe I've become spoiled by all these games that handle internet matchmaking with friends very gracefully and smoothlyThe controls for Risk of Rain are pretty simple. The default character can jump, shoot, dodge and has two special shooting abilities which are on a cooldown. There are other characters in the game that are unlockable and a slightly different moveset, abilities and statistics. Boiled down to its simplest mechanics, the game is just shooting enemies, looking for powerups and waiting for your cooldowns to recharge. But Risk of Rain is a game that really does feel like it's greater than the sum of its parts. Always competing against the clock gives a constant sense of urgency. Leveling up and unlocking new powerups and items lends a real sense of power and progression throughout the game. Somehow surviving against an impossible number of enemies on screen gives a great sense of accomplishment. Risk of Rain is a mechanically and graphically simple game, but you may end up spending more time than you would think playing it once it gets its hooks into you. Check it outFor more video games reviews, check outhttp://whatisjamesplaying.blogspot.com/"
,Recommended,248820,9686969,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,deathberry,"A wonderful little thing to take up a free hour or two, or at least until you get frustrated.Like most rogue-style games, this can quickly be the case. Although it might start slow, once you play a bit and get your hands on some of the better unlockable items and characters, the game opens right up.The game itself has some charming (albeit cliched) 8-bit style graphics, and what amounts to a limited, but still beautiful soundtrack. The controls are simple, binding one key to each of your 4 abilities (which vary depending on your character), one for generic actions, and one for item usage.The variation among use items, ability-enhancing items, and characters is quite large, and you should find some variety between each playthrough (depending on your skill level and difficulty settings, this may take anywhere from 30 minutes to two hours), although there is some clear advantage to certain sets, so you may find yourself gravitating towards those more often, and even seeing a huge difference in challenge on the same difficulty level.All in all, it's fun if you're into it. Like any other rogue, it's not the most forgiving game, but with a little practice, you'll definitely be shooting for the final boss."
,Recommended,248820,9687379,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Liquid Iridium,Such an awesome game!! super simple and yet with a lot of entertainment value! Pretty challenging! 8/10
,Recommended,248820,9689804,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Joelfantastic,Addicting.
76561197971304494,Recommended,248820,9677347,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Tao,Great game try it out!
,Recommended,248820,9681139,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,lotus,yes
76561198093360882,Recommended,248820,9785751,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Stutter,"""5 STARS! A+! 4 MORE STARS!"" is wah i wish i could say for this game.now dont get me wrong, this game is phenomenal, but there are issues.firstly the good:-the graphics:for an indie game, this game looks awesome! the enemies are varied and unique (most of the time), the particle effects are spot on, and the backdrops are beatiful. i'd put them in a frame if i had a printer.-the music: it is again, very good. a very ambient, but somewhat blood-pumping sci-fi alien (almost metroid like) soundtrack. pretty much my favourite bits would be the guitar riffs in level 1 :)-the Gameplay:solid movement and hit detection. i never over estimate a jump. little to no glitches. and a fool proof way to stop people from farming the same mobs endlessly (that difficulty meter that fills as you spend more time in a stage. GENIUS.)and did i mention mulltiplayer. because that is important. this game is worlds bette rwith multiplayer as you and your frined muck about and get killed. alot.now the bad...-graphics arent everything and in a game where the very asthectic is a simple but appealing 32 bit pixel asthetic, its hard to complain. but in later levels of the game (or just later difficulties)i would continually lose myself in the swarm of mobs and lose a chunk of my health because i couldnt see my tiny-as-an-atom charecter amongst all of these behemoths who were similarly colured, and end up accidentally jumping off a platform.-the difficulty meter/timer is, as i said earlier: genius. but it fills a little too quickly. during the early hours of the game i found myself getting crushed by mobs as they were continually getting stronger at an alarming rate, while i  was struggling to pick them off.if i may present a solution to this problem: allow the player to pick how quickly they want the difficulty meter to filleasy mode might be 8 mins to get from very easy > easy, normal can be the standard time, and hard can be 2-3 minutes between difficulties.------so despite the minor flaws with the game (and me sounding a little pretentious during this review), this game is definiteley worth your time for those who have never tried a rogue-lite game before. the multiplaayer is a great way for you to learn with a friend, and once your done learning, you'll see theres more depth, more challenge, than what you were already presented with (and you already had alot to begin with!)4/5 stars :)"
,Recommended,248820,9808163,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Hong Honk Dong,"This game definitely worth his price and i can even say is a really cheap game for what you are paying.THis game is so full of action and at the first time playing you will be amazed by the lvls (wich i have to say They are NOT RANDOMLY GENERATED).You will not get bored of replaying this game a houndred times because you have a really good rooster of characters to choose and every single one of them has his unique abillitys and strategies.The amount of upgrates, items and power ups are insane almost 50 or so.The enemys, each one of them has his own lore and artwork, THEY ARE AMAZING, really well done and creative i realy enjoyed reading all about the beasts and monster... unfortunately you will have to Obtain the Lores and artworks by farming them while playing (they drop more often in the highest difficulty)And Finally the little details of the game that makes you smile or chuckle... like the dead messenges you get when you die... or the secrets hiden in every single level.So... should i buy this game?... yes.... you totally should do that"
,Recommended,248820,9829465,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,๖ۣۜTheMoldedBacon,"This game is ridiculously fun, I've been playing it since the alpha and it's still fun."
76561198095051544,Recommended,248820,9829859,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Jonsteveshaw,Amazing game similar to the Binding of Isaac where you can break the game(not literally I mean watch shinyrawrquaza's 18 hour run or bisnap...sometimes) and it has so many items with funny and weird backstories.*Spoilers for Dio's friend item*(scroll down)Why does it say it was from like the 1990's while the other shipments are near 2060's it's like Dio's friend was never shipped and...the poor kitten died before it's toy reached it's ownerD:
76561198090519816,Recommended,248820,9829938,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Leopold Elridge Obelix,"Outstanding game. What appears to be a simple, randomized game turns very intricate. Although tough at the beginning, Risk of Rain becomes more and more difficult as time progresses. Until the player understands what is happening, chances are they will be frustrated as there is no intro, no control explanation, and only one playable character.Let me be frank: The first character is pretty bad compared to the others you can use.DO NOT be discouraged! Continue playing Risk of Rain and I garuntee it will be worth your time."
,Recommended,248820,9830129,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Gardrix,I was just in a single player game on easy for 132 mins. This game is probably one of the most addicting I have ever played. good game!
,Recommended,248820,9831661,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,???,fkn sweet
,Recommended,248820,9820253,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Grey Wolf,"Risk of Rain...is a magnificant game. You crash land on a mysterious world where everything wants to kill you. All you have are your wits and a selection of characters. No one playthrough will ever be the same. Once you beat the game, you feel like nothing can stop you. I highly recommend this game if you like rogue-like games and playing with up to 4 friends. Happy Killing!"
76561198049439064,Recommended,248820,9719368,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,LazyGamerATN,"Simple game: 4 abilites, a jump, look around for stuff to not die, while trying not to die, racing against time. Awesome music. Pixelated graphics add a unique esthetic to it, although your character is kinda small. So much fun trying to get as far as possible before dying. Brutal final boss (still can't beat him, don't judge), and 10 unlockable characters, each being unique and having a different playstyle. So much replayability for the price!"
76561198127697415,Recommended,248820,9719921,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Bluesun231,It is hard at frist but when you play a littel it seem easy and the unlocks is as cool.
,Recommended,248820,9932054,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Beznay,"Great game to play with a couple friends/siblings, be warned though. It's brutally hard. Tears will be shed, bonds will be broken."
,Recommended,248820,9932097,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Mitz,Get this game if you like a good challenge!
76561198027036833,Recommended,248820,9932747,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Trimp Chucken,"An absolutely awesome game featuring permadeath elements. The gameplay is quite deep and very challenging. A controller is strongly reccomended for this game as anything less than perfect precision is rewarded with a swift death.The only complaint i had is that some items are not explained well enough when first picked up. This can ruin a good playthrough because you took an item you knew nothing about rather than one you had gotten before.Luckily there is an item log for all items that you pick up in game. It explains an item in detail. You can read it after finishing the run you find it.All in all worth every penny of a sale price, I would have purchased it for full price had I known how fun it was going to be!"
,Recommended,248820,9933720,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Elorie,This game just took 100 hrs of my life away.
,Recommended,248820,9933722,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Sapphire Bullets,"Tough but fair.Good writing, interesting character abilities and gameplay that gets crazy bananas once the enemies start piling up."
76561198044136284,Recommended,248820,9933933,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Mephis,"Amazing game. A truely challenging and skillfull game, yet fair and open to non-hardcore players. A masterful gem."
,Recommended,248820,9934298,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Cire,This is a pretty good game. You will find yourself trying to complete the game 100%.
76561198093450191,Recommended,248820,9934396,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Bone Zone,:)
,Recommended,248820,9934463,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Trap Door,"In short: Get it.Risk of Rain is a great Action/Platformer with elements of RPG mixed in. The plot goes as followed, you're on a cargo ship, it crashes on a hostile alien planet, survive. It is gloriously fun at making you want to survive and work a little harder and go a little farther because it feels legitimately possible. Every time you learn something new or get a little farther.The most important thing I can say about Risk of Rain and my favorite thing to talk about is the art style. It makes you feel small and you can be swallowed by the scenery. You never lose sight of your character through very important spacing and pixel choices but you always feel out of place and as if you are overtaken by this enormous world.You will not regret purchasing this game."
,Recommended,248820,9934498,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Lazarus,"great game when looking for something that'll be different everytime but contain the same rush. In the first couple of minutes of playing, youre already surviving by the skin of your teeth"
76561198040902960,Recommended,248820,9934525,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Maffoo,SO MUCH RECOMMEND
,Recommended,248820,9934581,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Zohaibman72,i'm fed up with this worldYOU'RE TEARING ME APART LISA!
76561198046558089,Recommended,248820,9934712,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Baeyatta,"Great game, difficult but rewarding. 10/10. Also really, really good music."
76561198110732811,Recommended,248820,9934777,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Gallant,"Awesome game kind of bullet hell, mixed with binding of issac and spelunky."
,Recommended,248820,9934812,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,PixelThePyro,Really fun BUT SO FRICKEN' DIFFICULT!
,Recommended,248820,9935408,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,newcookie,Awesome. Really addictive game. you keep getting murdered but you keep going back for more. random items give the game something special and very interesting combo choices.
,Recommended,248820,9935548,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Piel D'Miel,Passed the game in 64 minsMost intense game ive ever played :D
76561198036448357,Recommended,248820,9067909,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Chancellor,"This game is incredible! It's super hard, but totally worth it when you win. I give this game 19/20P.S. best played with an xbox 360 controller (in my opinion)"
,Recommended,248820,9935618,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,[NDMG] Pu$$y Destroyer,"One of my favorite games of all time. Seriously, you need to buy this. It is worth every penny."
76561198048432438,Recommended,248820,9464627,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,MiliAn,this game is a nice twist on the rogue like          with a scifi setting and plenty of well thought out classes and lots of significant items that make a difference in game play with missiles and LASERS :Dit is great definetly worht ur time
,Recommended,248820,9468583,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,SandwichSundays,me gusta
76561197988073375,Recommended,248820,7645945,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,TOMMY ALABAMA!,this here is the♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,248820,9673083,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,{DLF} rensbeen,"Risk of Rain, is one game that all in the world should play at least once.The great viriaty of items, the characters which you can chose and the endless increasing difficulty makes it a real blast to play.So to all who read this go play Risk of Rain. It will not disapoint."
,Recommended,248820,8241363,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Desert Punk,"All that being said, this game is INSANE! So much fun! Very hard but once you start to get enough items and power the game get's really intense.The music is amazing. The visuals are beautiful and fitting. The controls can be customized and work well for the game. People how are complaining about the controls just haven't found a good position on the keyboard. (hint: w a s d f and the arrow keys and numpad 0 work very well).Overall an amazing game. Can't wait for patches and updates!"
76561198040536542,Recommended,248820,9228319,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Endseeker,"This game is awesome. I don't know how else to say it. If I were your friend I would convince you to buy it. It's so much fun and has serious replayiblity. Plus, they aren't even done with it yet! The concept is fantastic and the controls are super easy. I love playing with my friends and just having a good time. It is quite challengeing but basic to learn. Yes it's not perfect and there are minor things I wish it had or didn't have. But all in all, It's a very solid game and totally worth every dime."
76561198042757315,Recommended,248820,9228624,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,SamuraiCupcake,"Like indy games? This is the best recent example I can think of of a super fun ''old school'' game, more FUN than most triple-A titles out there? Why is that? How is this better than Call of Duty? Simple.First off, I must commend the soundtrack. The music for this is... how can I say this... INCREDIBLE. There's two main ''phases'' to the game : looking for the teleporter to the next level, where the music is more relaxed and you really get to enjoy the melody, then BOSS FIGHTS once you've started the teleporter's countdown, where the music goes totally crazy and badass. For example, the trailer's tune is one of the boss tunes. Truly, kudos mr. Christodoulou, you are one incredible composer.Then there's the graphics. This is a fine example of ''less is more''. The graphics are decidedly retro, using very minimalistic pixel style, but it somehow feels fresh and new as opposed to old and passé. The animation is really well done, flashy and fluid. The monsters you fight are all really creatively designed and have varied attacks, sizes and strenght. Your own character is super small, but! this intentional to create the illusion of scale when facing bosses. They seem HUGE because of this, it is a very effective technique. The levels are nice and varied, but a bit too big and take a looooong time to get across, which can get tiresome when you're looking for the exit. Thankfully, there's plenty of detail, bonuses and spawning enemies to keep you invested. Oh, and the colors. The game uses a very nice palette of colors, which is perhaps an understatement. Just look at the screenshots, haha : the main color here is dark blue/purple, so colors like the bright orange of your tiny character REALLY pop!But really, you'll get into it thanks to the fun gameplay! Where to start... you might be a little lost when you start the game. This is good! Your character is lost, so this feeling of mystery is appropriate! You simply explore the vast levels and combat spawning enemies to survive. YES! This is a survival game. Not survival horror, but survival ACTION! You'll be spending the majority of the time running away from HORDES of enemies, using your array of 4 abilities to take them out one by one. You start with one class, the commando, but through progressing... and finding secrets... you'll unlock the other survivors, each with their own unique gameplay style. Similar to games like League of Legends, you have the choice between a close-range damage-over-time character, or a long-range instant-kill sniper, each with their pros and cons. Its actually HARDER when you choose a new class, but its still a hell of a lot of fun to master them all.I didn't really play multiplayer, mostly because none of my friends got this game, and keep in mind that there's no lobby listing : you need to give someone a IP for them to join or vice versa. I'm sure its awesome though, as many classes, like the shield-bearing Enforcer seem useful for teamwork.Unfortunatly... there's not really much of a story. From what I pieced together, you're on a transport ship carrying all sorts of items across the galaxy, when your cargo gets attacked by a mysterious character. All the loot goes flying down to the planet below, as with your escape pod. Your goal is, obviously, to survive on the planet populated by exclusively hostile life, scavenging the cargo that fell to give yourself an advantage. Aside from that, find the other survivors and, hopefully, get back to the ship and escape the planet. That's... pretty much it. It works. A detailed narrative would of simply distracted the player from the gameplay.So yeah! If you're already a fan of platformers like Cave Story or Metroid, this a no-brainer : you'll love this like I loved this. You'll love this to bits, flaming, meaty bits of your own blasted corpse. Because be warned, this game is HARD.VERY HARD!!! AND VERY ADDICTING!!!But incredibly fun! :)Its only flaw that really bothered me was the lenghty traveling through the big flat levels, but those moments were few and far between, as enemies keep popping left and right.An absolute romp. A bit short if you just get to the ending on easy, but it will take MANY replays to get through on the harder difficulties. As the description states, the game gets harder to longer you play, so be quick!9/10"
,Recommended,248820,9233440,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Nyxmar_,"Such a fun game, a little tough, but hey that's the challenge :D Come and play this with me ^^"
76561198120498086,Recommended,248820,9235092,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Cakeprediction,"This game is awesome. Wonderful pixelart, great gameplay and a lot of replayability. some of the achievemenets are a little hard to get but very rewarding! I just love it :D"
76561197990581375,Recommended,248820,9611950,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Xpekt,"A great Adventure/platformer with adictive achievements and unlocks, and some roguelike elements to it.speaking of achievements i just got mine for writing this reviews, peace, 9/10"
76561198021485115,Recommended,248820,9613821,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Rathburn,A very fun rogue like game with great music. Plus who doesn't like the idea of a 4 player co-op?
76561198088026710,Recommended,248820,9652332,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Gabriel Granja,"This game is beautiful, smart, and actualy feels like a rogue-like game.If you want to feel the essence of rogue-like,permanent death,a loot system that makes the itens valuable and at the same time sorted and making sure that the next time you play, there will be more hope.But not as much hope to make you stop fearing death.That s the game.When you spawn,you will need to look for the teleport that will lead you to the next stage, that teleport spawns randomly,and during your search for this teleporter, you will find chests( also randomly spawned) that contain itens. This itens are permanent and obviously,give to you permanent bonus such a +10 attack or a fire counter attack. This bonus, of course, will be affective only untill you are alive.In that game.THE WHOLE GAME IS BASED ON THIS ITENS,there are more than 100 of them and they are awesome.The ITENS and the CHARACTERS are what make every game different.The 10 characters are unlockable and really well desingned and diferent from each other,making the COOP really,really good.The LEVELS,dont make a new game a new experience,every level has a possisibility of diferents bosses to spawn during the teleport activation,the BOSSES,MOBS are great,some of them you will only find in diferent levels and the final showdown with the last boss is also great,but the levels make the game a little more boring,they are all beatiful and give that sense of mistery and grandiosity,like a awesome and dangerous planet.But when you see and discover them all,it wont bem interesting anymore.The SOUNDTRACK is simply great,very good and combines perfecly with the theme,but also gets very boring after you hear and hear them all in each level.GAMEPLAY is aldo good,very smooth characters movement and animation.Everything awnsers the way it should and wont cause problems.CONCLUSION:8/10---it is a good,hard,rogue-like.The random factor that should focus on the levels is a bit weak but not that bad.Unique characters,art,design and,as I said,the real roguelike feeling is here,and it works in a bigger way than you expect.You WILL have fun with this game.(coop also great)"
,Recommended,248820,9652588,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Kosm,You aren't my friends.
,Recommended,248820,10022581,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,DAZZLELATAN,nice but update plz
,Recommended,248820,10023013,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,zavixgustave,"It's Awesome, different classes, and the difficulty is just right! :D"
76561197998935741,Recommended,248820,9813456,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,{Clan Picnic} Legal Pirate,"It's amazing, very addictive and INCREDIBLE soundtrack."
76561198092187479,Recommended,248820,7733542,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,3dRes,"A fantastic roguelike game where its punishment is both rewarding, and satisfying. The progression system is just like any other roguelike game; unlock characters and gain items throughout different playthroughs.Risk of Rain offers 9 very different, but unique playable characters. They each have a set of 4 abilities (think MOBA: Dota 2 or Smite) and these can be used to kill and progress. There is also the collectible items such as Monster Logs. These are dropped by each enemy and provide a damage bonus on them when picked up. 15 of these also unlocks the chracter 'Huntres'. The items that are used in every run really offer different ways to kill or escape. The only problem i have with the item pickups is that most have no real description which tells its use e.g. the Ukulele says ""his music was electric"" which doesn't suggest much about the item.The common approach set by most roguelike games, ""just one more run"", really utilizes the enjoyment and replayabilitiy that Risk of Rain has to offer. I have always been put off by this genre because it feels more repetitive by each game brought out. That experience is not served within RoR which is why i highly recommend the game.8.5/10"
76561198083070369,Recommended,248820,9783065,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,isonlygame,"This is a great game. I've played it so many times and I still find it a difficult game. This a truly easy to learn, impossible to master sort of deal. Sure, the default controls are a bit clunky, but those can be easily changed to suit you. The multiplayer is a great mode (as long as it's online). I really only have two overall complaints with the game. The local multiplayer is EXTREMELY clunky, and the Cremator boss (shows up in magma barracks) takes way to long to beat because of his projectiles. Other than those two complaints, this is a truly great game, and I highly recommend it."
76561198054130891,Recommended,248820,9073117,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Stup,this game is a wonderfull game!! Get it while it's hot 10/10
,Recommended,248820,9073139,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Dopey,"A rogue-like and platformer stepchild, with randomized enemies, platformer gameplay, though all the maps are not procedural so each map is exactly the same, though there are a few alternatives for each tier. Game difficulty increases as time goes by, with higher difficulties reducing the time it takes for the difficulty to go up and is shown by a bar that slowly fills on the top right next to the time. Items are random, and enemy spawns for the most part are random. You must find a portal and use it to get a timer to survive, it spawns heavy amounts of units and a boss when activated and if you survive the time, no more enemies spawn and you must clear the level of all enemies before you can progress. When you go to a new level it resets your coins to 0 so make sure you use them all buying automaated drones that support or damage, opening chests, buying an item from a shop that disappears after you buy 1 item. Even shrines that you pay tribute in health or coins to for a chance at an item. There are several classes to play, yoou only start with one and must unlock the rest but the starting one is a great choice for beating the game the first time around. It has co-op but i heard its buggy and have not tried it myself. Overall a great roguelike in the world of platformers which keeps you playing to get one step further."
,Recommended,248820,9073257,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,DanteOT,Very Fun game to Play with friends Its Just amazing....just buy it and see it for youself :Dʕ •ᴥ•ʔ
76561197982472164,Recommended,248820,9073896,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,MintFlavored,"I've played this game far and away the most of any game in the past while.  Amazing replayability and great challenge, with extremely immersive atmosphere that it's easy to get lost in."
,Recommended,248820,9074512,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Ignitehawk,"It's a lot of fun to play, especially when you figure out the tricks to each character, and acquiring tons of items in order to go from teeny weakling to godly force is immensely satisfying. Add to this unlockable items, classes, and cool monster logs to collect, and you've got yourself a game that gives you lots of reason to keep playing.That said, the game still has its cons. The first is that some classes have distinctly greater survival rates than others. The Commando (which you start with) will always be one of the best classes, and some of the harder classes to unlock (which you expect to be awesome) are disappointingly underpowered. The other con is that the action, while frenzied and fun, doesn't have a whole lot of depth to it; sure, enemies attack differently, but most attacks are avoided by running away and jumping repeatedly, which doesn't exactly emphasize skill.Don't let that dissuade you, however - the game's lack of involving combat is replaced by each class's learning curve, and despite some of them being noticably better than others, they're all pretty fun to play.Pick this up, and whether you have companions to battle the hordes beside or not, you'll have a great time."
76561198082497420,Recommended,248820,9075007,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,edgelord 666,I LOVE THIS GAME i love the sound trake that it has yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
,Not Recommended,248820,9075060,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Seemo,لعبة معقدة لابعد درجة ندمت اني شريتها
,Recommended,248820,9075355,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,SharPaper,Very hard and fun experience!  Worth it if you like a challenge.  Gameplay is quite simple but efficient.  Also better with friend since it has a coop mode.  (soundtrack is quite good too)
,Recommended,248820,9075681,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,IntotheVoid,"Definitely a good choice of game. Not the best pixel art graphics I've ever seen, but the phenomenal soundtrack makes up for that. The gameplay is quite addicting and you adapt quickly to the style of combat. One thing I do recommend is playing with a controller (I use an Xbox controller) if the controls are a bit odd for me. The controller makes things much smoother and in my opinion more enjoyable in the long run. Overall, 9.5/10 game, I can definitely pour a couple tens of hours into this."
,Recommended,248820,9075743,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,priomh,"Incredibly addictive, only been playing for an hour and can tell that this is something I'll be able to turn to when bored. Can't wait to play co-op.Beautiful art, especially that of the monster manual. Gameplay looks smooth and visually appealing.The idea of difficulty scaling with time is great, combined with all of the item possibilties it makes the game feel really unique in each run.Only possible downside would be the slightly awkward jumping and grabbing ropes, has a slight delay to it but you get used to it, something that the developers could fix."
,Recommended,248820,9075882,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Scoli,"REALLY fun in multiplayer. I highly recommend a controller, though several of my friends played just fine on keyboard. Several different classes makes for unique combinations of teams, and each class can utilize certain items better than others. The achievements are fun to hunt after, though it gets boring once you unlock everything. Granted the game is still fun, but you lose that sense of.. challenge? Purpose? Apart from trying to beat your own ""high score"" but eh. I still put a decent amount of time into it, especially for a $10 game.As far as ""randomly generated"" goes, it should be procedurally generated. The items locations/availability and drops from monsters are randomized (to an extent), but the overmall map structure is probably 85% the same each time. You just might get extra areas in a map, or extra walls that block certain shortcuts.You just have 2 map choices for the first 3 stages. So you get A or B, then C or D, then E or F, G, H. At G, you can choose to go repeat the first stages, or advance to the final stages. Since difficulty increases with time (up to a cap) you're betting on yourself that you can run all 4 stages again + the last stage + final boss at a higher difficulty (with the chance at items and exp through the stages, of course.)Overall, 7/10. Got bored of it after a while, but I was obsessed with it when playing it."
,Recommended,248820,9075946,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,LeGuigo,"Muito bom o jogo , recomendo demais, graficos simples mas jogabilidade OTIMA , quanto mais aumenta o tempo em uma partida o jogo vai ficando mais dificil, bom preço e bom jogo."
76561197995631533,Recommended,248820,9076071,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Talon,"Got it on sale and I must say that it is fun and addictive.  I invited my brother over and we ended up playing for 2-3 hours in one sitting.  Lots of unlockables, not unlike Binding of Isaac."
76561198008389361,Recommended,248820,9076135,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Mr. Finn,"This is one of the best roguelike games I've ever played. It made me feel actually accomplished to have beaten the game. It was challenging, there are loads of unlockables, amazing items, characters, variety of enemies and bosses. The music and atmosphere are amazing. BUY THIS"
76561198102541934,Recommended,248820,9076300,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,bearynaughty,When Jesus isnt enough...
76561198057832188,Recommended,248820,9077042,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,MagnificentMariner,"Excellent rogue-like, with great depth. Unfortunately, I haven't managed to get past the learning curve and therefore am no good at it."
,Recommended,248820,8064401,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Nerudo,Why are you so addicting.
76561197963766402,Recommended,248820,8064586,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Budoyavoy,I highly reccomend this game. It's some of the most fun I've had in a long time. Keeps me coming back for more!
,Recommended,248820,8066540,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,marbleSalmon,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing exelent. A rogue like platformer, with rpg elements. Semi randomly generated levels, random item placements, and more then 100 items, this is 100% worth your 10$.Buy this game, if you're into difficult games, that will test your skill."
76561198130032980,Recommended,248820,30455684,Posted: 11 March,all,lucas(PBUH),A wonderfull game to just relax and play
,Recommended,248820,8142564,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,DrRainbowPants,"BUY IT, BUY IT NOW!"
76561198040641422,Recommended,248820,8143508,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Clockwise,One of the best indie games so far
,Not Recommended,248820,8146269,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Six,"A bit disappointing. The game feels pretty shallow, not much room for tactics or finesse, just herd things together and shoot them. It looked bullet-hellish but you don't/can't dodge anything. You run away from stuff until you're cornered, then you wade through it to the other side and hope your health pool is big enough.Maybe the game changes with the other classes but wasn't inclined to play long enough to see them.As icing on the cake, the game is pretty poorly optimized, and chugs on systems it has no business chugging on."
,Recommended,248820,8214144,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,ಠ_ಠ,This is amazing.
76561197966633685,Recommended,248820,8214370,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,theMill,"This is a pretty fantastic game. Good variability in levels, enemies, and characters. Item drop mechanics add a kind of permanent progression without.My only complaint is that some of the items are quite underpowered and unlocking them seems to hurt you."
76561198010112397,Recommended,248820,8214398,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,chris.berni,Great time waster
,Recommended,248820,8214517,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Jamook,Its really ♥♥♥♥in' good.
,Recommended,248820,8214617,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,WirrowFox,PHUN
76561198055921632,Recommended,248820,8011911,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,DDP,"8 bit mayhem, hellfire, chaos.The, ``just one more run`` kind of game.-tons of replayability-rogue elements-time=difficulty-character and item unlocks-tiny 8bit heros with their 8bit soundtracks-impossible oddsIt's simplicity is what makes it addicting,Play the game already."
,Recommended,248820,8215999,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,NinJustin,No matter how badass you are start on easy and work your way up.  Great game though.
76561197963897666,Recommended,248820,8216540,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Forte,Extremely fun and addicting game that will make you want to pull your hair out at times!  Amazing with friends!
76561198042247750,Recommended,248820,8217269,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,boombom,Someone buy it and play with me...
,Recommended,248820,8217947,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,[HDAS]KING BUMMER,"love it, games hard. unlocking characters isn't easy. multiplayer is difficult to set up for casual pc users. but worth it"
,Recommended,248820,8218054,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,sammycdawg,HARD BUTT GOOD
,Recommended,248820,8218409,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,99 Potions,"The first thing you'll notice is how this game brings back the feeling of challenge that many games from the late 80s and early 90s had.There have been countless times where I get to the end of the game and lose everything I worked for because I get greedy. Very few games let you climb so high to fall at a moments notice like Risk of Rain, and I love the devs for letting you experience  that. This game doesn't hold any punches. A+"
76561198041980769,Recommended,248820,8218558,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,FatFuck,This game is fantastic! Can't wait to see what comes in future updates!
,Recommended,248820,9078223,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Fellturtle,It's not terrible.
,Recommended,248820,9078294,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,[VT] Nit,"This game will keep you playing for hours on end even after countless deaths.  Each playthrough is uniqe; and the difficulty depends on how fast you move through the levels, and what power-ups you obtain.  Keep killing and stay alive, you are not alone!"
,Recommended,248820,9078968,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,123,^
,Recommended,248820,9079105,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Jaal,Awesome arcade side scrolling hectic coop game.
76561197998568099,Recommended,248820,9080007,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Dim Jivundus,Awesome
,Recommended,248820,9080020,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Zandig 'The Wife Beater',"A very addictive action platformer where you pick up loot from chests or enemies to improve your chracter through passive or active abilities so you can activate a teleporter to escape the planet to another. The game gets more difficult the longer you play which means frantic and exciting gameplay. Great soundtrack, great art, multiple classes that completely change the way you play the game and satisfying mechanics.A must buy."
,Recommended,248820,9080145,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,まゆ,not bad ^^
,Recommended,248820,9080461,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,SuperSlothism,One of the best RPG platformers ou there.
,Recommended,248820,9089291,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,morang,"Pretty fun, and pretty difficult. If you like games like Binding of Isaac, Spelunky, and Rogue Legacy, you'll probably like this one. It starts out really hard, but as you get better, unlock more characters, and learn the strategies for getting through the levels it becomes a fun challenge.In case it's not fairly obvious from the description, the game is all about combat and survival. The goal of each level is to find the teleporter, activate it, and then kill all the enemies that spawn. Each character has four abilities (if you play League or DotA you can rebind to QWER like I did). One is a basic attack, and the other three are more powerful or useful abilities with short cooldowns (2-10 seconds or so). There's no mana or anything, so you're basically always running around kiting and spamming your abilities. You get items that either give you passive bonuses (lifesteal, bleed damage, dying enemy explosions, etc) or effects that you can activate (boomerang sawblade, deployable mines, instant heal, etc). The classes have very different playstyles; I've only unlocked three so far, but they all have different strategies and ability combos that you need to learn to play them well."
,Recommended,248820,9089498,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Neo X,MUY RECOMENDADO EXCELENTE ROGUELIKE MUCHA ACCION MUY ADICTIVO Y ENCIMA DE TODO CO-OP!!!
76561198002994478,Not Recommended,248820,9089586,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Styx,"Very poor roguealike.Bad old pixel graphics is not an excuse to make a poor game and call it ""retro""Avoid"
76561198050585673,Recommended,248820,9090149,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Seedykip,much yes the rain wow
,Recommended,248820,9090707,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Necrobern,"The game is very well done.The stages aren't randomized but yes the loot and teleport locations. The game punishes you for taking too long, yet you can take the risk and hunt items and upgrades. As a rogue-like you can either end with an OP character or get obliterated if you aren't careful so obviously a game might be different from another, specially with the different classes available.The big problem i have with this game is the lack of cloud save. A single game can take 1-2 hours and even more depending of the outcomes and if you wanna redo areas. And with all the unlockables and achievements to obtain can become painful to redo if you lose your save. It happened to me with Binding of Isaac which suffers the same flaw. These games are very time consuming and rewards the player for doing so, and is preferable to have a way to keep all that work safe in case of possible issues."
76561198042423690,Recommended,248820,9091224,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,JAMMYMAN001,Amazing game. You'll play for hours on end
76561198030531417,Recommended,248820,9091758,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Grand Pappy,2D platforming mayhem...   It's awesome.
76561198028309577,Recommended,248820,8279951,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,multiple_migs,I have only scratched the surface but I am REALLY liking what I have played so far... cool music too.
76561198030720194,Recommended,248820,8294384,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Kartal,even it is pretty hard you get used to it. Pretty good game.
76561198059099891,Recommended,248820,8122852,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,[S&C]Scatman223,One of the best sidescrolling shooters I have played in a while.  Couple of my friends and I will play this game for hours when we have nothing else to do.  Fairly simple to pick up and play with both the keyboard and also with the xbox controller.  Just survive the waves and build the items to make your character more powerful!  All around I loved this game!
,Recommended,248820,8123709,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Captain Judaism,"This game is so evil it lights small, furry animals on fire to keep warm at night.  Highly recommended if you hate yourself as much as everything in this game hates you."
,Recommended,248820,8098643,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Rabid_Monkey,Lots of fun.
76561197962750390,Recommended,248820,8098659,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Bitch I'm Lugubrious,"♥♥♥♥in awesome, dude"
,Recommended,248820,8099202,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,JOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSUKE,this game is not only one of the most butyiful pixal art games but is also incredibley addive
76561197970290748,Recommended,248820,7979010,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,ScopeDog,"An original 2D platformer, which I admire not only for its variety in gameplay elements, such as multiple playable character classes, random level generation, perma-death, and wide array of collectable items and power-ups, but also for its obscure, surreal, and unique aesthetics. This just might be an inspiration to develop an independent title of my own.Not only was RoR ten bucks well spent, but more importantly I liked it so much that I wish to spread the word."
,Recommended,248820,8100069,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Miaradz,"It's hard, it's unforgiving, but it's got all the makings of a great roguelike. I'm so bad at this game but it's fun!"
,Recommended,248820,8100513,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Payne,It's got a lot of replayability. You die a lot but you get things for it being new unlocks and achievements. (Achievements for dying?! WOW!) The style of the game is really nice with the sort of 8-bit graphics. The music is a massive plus too.I DID THIS FOR THE PILLAR OF COMMUNITY HUEHUEHUE
76561198042272744,Recommended,248820,8111768,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,The Killer,"This game is very addictive. As soon as you play it, you dont want to put it down. Great RPG aspect for a 8 bit game. Worth the money all the way."
,Recommended,248820,8111954,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Remnants Of The Tortured,"I really enjoy this game for many reasons. The first reason is that it is a type of platformer and i love platformers. The second thing is ithat you have to earn cash from killing enemies and you have to purchase your Items. And, the last thing is that it is better than Rogue Legacy. In rouge legacy you basically had one move and you have multiple in this game. I seriously recommend that you get this game, because it is very entertaining to lots of people and the levels are randomly generated so, it feels like a whole new playthrough each time.Buy this game :)"
76561198057129051,Recommended,248820,8162055,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Beaurgard,"different every time, graphics are throw back but i'm okay with that. increasing difficulty and fun. You can either get lucky or dead in this game. Enjoying it alot so far."
76561197999441198,Recommended,248820,8162183,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Raneru,A fun and challenging rogue-like platformer. Very unforgiving. The only caveat is that the controller support is sub-par.
,Recommended,248820,8162481,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,ElRobo,"Really cool game.Really bad Interface. Need to use mouse for a bunch of things even after controller is enabled (which is not on by default). Controller mapping is dumb by default, putting some of the least used abilities on face buttons rather than triggers. In game explanations may as well not be there since you don't have time to read. All they need is the ""push button to activate"".Not sure why there is fall damage it doesn't contribute anything aside from annoyance in the vertical design of the stages. And some of the stages are not easy to see what is platform and what is not.Finally as time goes on the game just gets grindy. I don't mean difficult. Just sort of boring, kiting hp sponge monsters until they die and without any new active abilities beyond your one item feels kind of meh. I hit max difficulty and the excitement of the action just flatlined.I'll probably give it another go later. Glad I got it on sale."
,Recommended,248820,8163583,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Omega Von Doom,Risk of addiction
,Recommended,248820,8163958,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Afreezy,THIS GAME IS AWESOME AND FUN TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS!! JUST MAKE SURE YOU KNOW SOMEONE WHO KNOWS HOW TO FORWARD PORTS!!!
,Recommended,248820,8164286,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,SarlForx,"I suck at this game. Seriously, suck at this game. I keep playing it, and eventually that wall will break because my head is simply harder. But damnit, the controls are well done, the game is responsive, the enemies are awesome, and the gameplay keeps pulling me back. BRB, breaking down wall with forehead."
76561198043026555,Recommended,248820,8165741,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,BluePixel,Very addictive. Default keyboard controls are backwards but you can remap them easily.
,Recommended,248820,8166201,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,DoJin,"Harder difficulty as time goes on makes you think about everything in this game. Time management, item choice, and money. Highly recommend this side scrolling game. Playing with friends = winningignignigngnggggg!"
,Recommended,248820,9254775,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,hamster man from amsterdam,bro this game bro........fuuuuck
76561198116980026,Recommended,248820,9254902,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Varlotto,it's good if you don't suck at it
76561198085706102,Recommended,248820,9256870,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,AsuraRevenge,"Risk of Rain is a challenging platformer with lots of random elements and a time-based difficulty system. It does a great job of balancing the difficulty with your massive collection of power ups so the game gets more exciting the longer you play. There are 10 different characters, all with unique play-styles and abilities. Lots of replay value. The soundtrack is great and I love the pixel art.My only complaint is the difficulty in setting up a multiplayer match."
76561198120519606,Recommended,248820,9257619,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,hatemonkey,Sociopaths have more empathy than this game.
76561198092854641,Recommended,248820,9236200,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,んんんんんんんんんん,"This game is fun, try it, it doesnt look that fun for some of you, but it is, play it. NowIve only had 6 hours, but that because right after this, i bought starbound, but this is fun, PLAY IT."
,Recommended,248820,9236296,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Govnah,"This is a fun 2D platformer with a lot of creativity.  The monsters and powerups have lots of variety.  Bright colors, fast action, tons of explosions and particles galore, this game is a visual candy store.  It can get intense at times and that is when the game really shows how good it can be."
,Recommended,248820,9236658,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Pants of Shame!,"Risk of Rain - Roguelike Action PlatformerWhat is it?In the simplest terms Risk of Rain is an action platformer with roguelike qualities. You choose your character, your difficulty and then you’re off, thrown into a world where the inhabitants want to murderize you and anything that aids in your survival costs you money which can be acquired from the local murderers.As with most games of this nature you only get one shot at completion and while there is some skill involved in surviving, by utilizing your characters abilities to the fullest, it’s mostly just a huge amount of luck though it’s definitely not enough to deter you.GameplayThe game features 10 characters, 9 of which you will have to unlock by completing various tasks such as completing the game or killing a certain boss. Each character has a unique combat style which you will have to get used to in order to stand a chance at making it to the final boss, the one you’ll most likely spend a lot of time with is the commando a.k.a the guy you start with so get used to rolling out of danger and making use of those brief invincibility frames.Controls in a game like this are a large factor in determining how good the game is,♥♥♥♥♥♥poor controls -♥♥♥♥♥♥poor platforming. Luckily Risk of Rains controls don’t hamper your ability to perform, the keyboard control s are very responsive and have a layout that won’t leave you with T-Rex hands (all small and in pain). If you’re not a fan of using keyboards for this sort of game (and I can’t really blame you) then you’ll be happy to hear that you can grab your nearest 360 pad and use that instead and while I haven’t tried it for myself I can’t imagine this method causes any problems.Through each level you’ll be earning XP and gold from murdering the locals, this gold can then be used on the various chests, monster spawners, shrines and lucky dip machines scattered throughout each level. The game has a crazy amount of items in it all of which will benefit you and your survival in some way. Items come in two forms, the first are passives which you can just collect dozens of and end up a walking tank that fires rockets out of its♥♥♥♥♥♥and sets things on fire with lazer eyes. The second are usable items which you can only carry one of at a time, these are typically more situational items like a skeleton key to open all chests on screen or a huge saw blade that goes across the screen decapitating things. The amount of variation in the items means that no two playthroughs are alike and you find yourself hoping for that one amazing thing you found last time only to end up with something new and exciting. As if all of the items you find aren’t enough you can also spend your gold to repair various drones that have broken down, these will fly around you and assist in your murdering/survival. A word of warning however, they can be broken by enemies and will get exponentially more expensive to fix.GraphicsRisk of Rain has a great pixel art style going on that seems to be quite popular of late. It doesn’t make the game feel cheap or like a cop-out in any way though it actually enhances it, having such a simplistic art style in a roguelike platformer means you’re not going to get distracted by “ooh shiny background stuff” and die and be all sad and mopey because you were so close but actually not really that close.Each level represents a different biome and they all look great, you’ve got everything from snow to fungal caves and magma. The enemy design is also a strong feature, bosses look great and really stand out above the swarms of other monsters you’ll be dealing with.AudioThe sound track is fantastic. It manages to be subtle and unobtrusive yet incredibly well composed and varied. The level themes lull you into a nice calm and relaxed state and then the boss themes send the chills right back down your spine. The soundtrack was composed by Chris Christodoulou and you can find it and other works by him at his bandcamp page HEREMusic is only half the battle with audio, the other half and arguably the more important part is the sound design. There’s no doubting that the sound design is great here, the gun shots are varied and visceral (especially when you crit). The sound design has an old school feel to it with things like fire effects reminding you of Mega Drive era explosions, I’m pretty sure there was ample use of Bit-Crushers when it came to the audio in order to achieve some of that rough edge to the sound. Enemies each have their own call if you will as do bosses, though one boss in particular has possibly the greatest and most horrific pig squeal sound effect, I really can’t decide if I like that or not, maybe it’s because it nearly deafened me when it first happened.StoryNot so much to say with this one, the general gist of it is that you crash land and use a bunch of teleporters to go to a different ship and fly away. Ignoring the planetary genocide you commit through the game there isn’t a whole lot of story. This may not be a huge problem for a lot of people (myself included) but I know there are those of you out there who want to know more and want the lore etc so that’s probably a negative for you. But I have to say that if you’re put off by a lack of story in a game like this then you’re crazy.Yay or Nay?There’s no way it’s not a huge YAY for this title, I picked it up for about £6 and there are hundreds of hours of play I’m sure. Between finding all the characters, unlocking all the items, getting through the harder difficulties and setting personal records there’s a metric tonne of things that will keep you coming back for hours upon hours. This game is great in pretty much every way, if you’re somebody who loves games like Binding of Isaac because you can do 1 or 2 deaths and move on to other things then definitely pick this up. Also did I mention it has online multi-player? Yea, imagine all this, with your friends! MADNESS AND CHAOS ENSUES.This game definitely gets a seal of approval from me as well as a Buy it ASAP rating"
,Recommended,248820,9236819,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Garb,♥♥♥♥ing incredible
76561197970396972,Recommended,248820,7625088,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Ozzzeh ☁,"Co-op SMASHING, Power up SICKNESS, Shot POPSIN, Just a badboy ting,"
,Recommended,248820,9239494,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Wizz,"8-bit rogue like game. But instead of other roguelike games, this one focuses more on combat than the story."
,Recommended,248820,9243558,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Macho Man,"Lots of replayability. Kind of like binding of isaac with the whole eat play through is different items, there are a lot of time, and when you die, its game over. Pretty good"
76561198086921620,Recommended,248820,9285353,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Corgi-Senpai,pretty fun
,Recommended,248820,9285866,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Jalapeño Space Invader,"Super fun and addiucting action game, check out a youtube video on it, you wont be disappointed."
,Not Recommended,248820,9286363,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Bear Necessities 🐻,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
76561198027984815,Recommended,248820,9289043,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,snowbs,It's as if Rob Liefeld and Contra had a baby.
,Recommended,248820,9290031,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Big Dave,"Risk of Rain is an axcellent game which will require a decent time investment to understand the basics. The combat feels fluid with most classes, and the item unlocks work in an interesting yet meaningfull way. Definitely not meatn to be easy, yet it still tops the current list of roguelike platformers currently available."
,Recommended,248820,9292615,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,TheOneTheOnlyMotherHecker,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game. Gets so intense.
,Recommended,248820,9319799,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,LumberZack,Do not buy this game if your not willing to lose hundreds of hours to an amazing tough as nails platformer.
76561198077338147,Recommended,248820,9322209,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Oedipus,"People say the game is very laggy, I admit when the mobs in this game crowd the map it gets slow. People say playing multiplayer sucks because people steal power ups and making servers takes too much time. I got a better desktop to play most of my games easier and it helps with Risk of Rain a lot. If you can make a Minecraft server then making a Risk of Rain server takes 2 seconds, its easy, so when people complain about how making servers is hard and its the 21st century and we should not have to do this, they are just lazy. This game is fun to play with your friends, and alone. Theres so much to unlock and explore. This game is very replayable and though some of the controls are weird at first you can customize them to your liking. This is a game about luck, strategy, adventure, and trial and error. When playing with your friends, just know what items to take, and what items would be better in your friends hands. This game has so much to offer and their adding much more to it. I can't wait to see what they have in store."
,Recommended,248820,7669124,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,furyXT,"highly entertaining. hard, fun, and kinda simple game. graphics are simple, which helps focus more on gameplay. best 10bucks ive spent in some time."
,Recommended,248820,10036994,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,SnowMew~,"This game is bomb♥♥♥♥♥great! Platofrming! Shooting! Skills! Kills! Becoming a demigod!Seriously, play this siht! It's amazing!"
,Recommended,248820,10016231,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,ProjektTHOR,"What a fun and engaging little platformer. This essentially requires a controller so I am glad that I kept one and a receiver around from my X360. It was a little grindy at the beginning as you work to unlocked a playable character other than the commando. If you want to work on unlockables then I recommend you stick to the easiest difficulty for now and focus on the harder modes once everything is available to you. I spent a few hours grinding out on hard thinking that I am some kind of hardcore platformer guy--which I am not. Still, loved it and plan on putting more hours into it."
76561198026264533,Recommended,248820,10016369,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Darth Kcaj,This game is fiercly addictive. Play at own risk.
,Recommended,248820,10019761,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Ryperion25,Bom pra carajo!
,Recommended,248820,10021659,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,lilheartless,"A great way to spend a couple hours of time alone or with friends. Combines good elements of action platforming and some roguelike elements.One of the best parts is its high replayability, although it might not be a game you can play for 20 hours straight its fun you can keep going back too, def worth the buy."
,Recommended,248820,7637741,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Impavide,"An addictive and very fun action platformer with rogue like elements, lots of replayability and for around $10, cant go wrong!"
,Recommended,248820,7714449,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,linkgenesis,"Fast paced, item stacking fun  with a difficulty level to make ghost n' goblins blush. It's a blast to unlock everything and then use it to kill something."
,Recommended,248820,9983304,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Alundrel,"Action packed, tons of fun. Local Multi is extremely hard due to needing to always be on the same screen. I have thoroughly enjoyed playing this game. I recommend it for sure."
,Recommended,248820,9983635,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Ciuny,"One of the best Games I've ever played on Steam. I can  definetly recommend this to everyone.I was unable to play it on the multiplayer because I don't know much about networks and servers, so that lead to me not being able to play with a friend. But even in Singleplayer, i enjoyed this to the very day.Best survival game ever :)"
76561198091025636,Not Recommended,248820,9984228,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Pretty Colorbars!,"This game is not worth $0.01It is literally the worst game I've ever attempted to play. Yeah, ATTEMPTED. It's never worked from the start. I get really low FPS that makes the game unplayable. The highest FPS that I've had was 20. For a couple of seconds. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,248820,9984718,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Lancks,"Great rougelike with action-FPS elements. Lots of fun and a great timesink, especially in co-op.Only negative point for me was the general bugginess - the game itself is stable, but the FPS is really low with certain options; I had to turn off 'surfaces' for some reason to make it run properly (and it looks normal, so I don't know what that even did).Highly reccomended to any rouglike genre fans."
76561198005694910,Recommended,248820,9985035,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Xicree,Highly recommended and fun.
,Recommended,248820,10799828,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Chameleon,Great rogue combat action game. With the new artifacts and items it keeps dragging me back in to play it.
76561198023743656,Recommended,248820,10800616,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,killerank202,Fun and very challenging!
,Recommended,248820,10803007,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Sealion,"This game is literally Magicite but instead of crafting and collection there is power-ups. So I'd say it is slightly less fun. Both are great. RNG on drops is kinda ♥♥♥♥ though, since if you go with a weak character and you don't get good ones as one of your early powerups, you may as well kill yourself.11/10"
,Recommended,248820,10803917,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,imp,Tottally addictive and really hard.
76561198066364733,Recommended,248820,10805599,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,uratourist,the bouncy pillars of light will save your life.
76561198094836250,Recommended,248820,10768660,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,WinchesterJumboSize,"When I first started playing this game it was infuriating. It took me several tries to get to the second level and several more to go beyond that. But despite the steep learning curve, this game is great fun. Once you get good at it you can go far. It's one of my favorite games now and is always a challenge."
,Recommended,248820,10770982,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Prince Akeem of Zamunda,HECK YEAH I RECOMMEND IT
76561197970762993,Recommended,248820,10771840,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,FunPolice SVU,Played on couch with friend =  7/10Played on our own computers co/op = 9/10Overloaded Magma Worm = 1/10
,Recommended,248820,10772365,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Nelerym,Awesome!! xD
,Recommended,248820,10772410,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Mt. Dewid,buy this game its amazing
,Recommended,248820,10834498,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Boberkraft,I love it!
,Recommended,248820,10832178,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Kalvu,great game
76561198079982374,Recommended,248820,10835536,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Chenadog,"Absolutely amazing, I can see myself playing for well over 100 hours.  Perfect balance between unyeilding frustration and knowing you can get better."
,Recommended,248820,10836373,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Sevs,"This is currently my top game.  It's loads of fun with a great soundtrack and fun, challenging levels.  My best recommendation is to spend as much time and money as possible in the first few levels to really gain the powerups because the enemies become challenging very quickly."
,Recommended,248820,10836492,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ProtoDan,"If you liked everything about Rogue Legacy except the grind, get into this.  Your characters don't permanently improve, but your random drops do.  Great twist on roguelike platformers."
76561198057444791,Recommended,248820,10837004,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,their brother,"Very fun...however, its a little confusing when setting up coop"
,Recommended,248820,10838078,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Effective,This game is really fun
,Recommended,248820,10838239,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,culix,Tons of fun to unlock everything and very replayable. This game is well designed and a blast! Even better with multiplayer.
76561198075678360,Recommended,248820,10839547,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,geebygeebs,"great game, fun to unlock all achievments and beat it"
,Recommended,248820,10840286,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,kubikajiri,"Super fast and fun. Lots to unlock, lots to explore."
,Recommended,248820,10693014,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,r✪nny TH,Extremely fun! Buy buy buy.
76561197983601388,Recommended,248820,10693836,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,president bird,Incredibly addicting.
,Recommended,248820,10049587,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Sgt. Drake Alexander,Contra had a baby with Binding of Isaac and Serious Sam babysat.The items all feel unique and powerful without being gamebreaking and the difficulty timer adds a lot of depth and keeps things interesting.
,Recommended,248820,10695073,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,AMEN BROTHERRRRR,"An incredibly brutal and unforgiving game. It doesnt matter how many items you have stockpiled or if you've maxed out the difficulty level meter, they get harder and harder and wont quit until you inevitably die. There is no winning this game, only death and humiliationI love it"
76561198099095106,Recommended,248820,10695221,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Blake Space,This game is fantastic would highly recommend
,Recommended,248820,9595291,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,SBC saboya,Awesome mutiplayer platformer. The classes are very different from each other and each offer an unique experience to the game. The tuning is excellent and the game offers challenge from the casual to the most experienced.
,Recommended,248820,9596937,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,LugnutOverJapan,"If you enjoy Rogue-likes, and you enjoy 2-d shooter/platforming, and you want to do them at the same time, while also listening to sweet music, PLAY THIS GAME"
76561198041705125,Recommended,248820,9598795,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,the nerf,its a fun game a little boring when you frist start but the endless runs are epic as hell
,Recommended,248820,9743828,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,choco,Very interesting game. It's a good challenge. Definitely have to put some time into it to become good
,Recommended,248820,9745447,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,RebelMutt,This game is really fun.  Its rouge-like elements keep you on edge and the gameplay is kinda addicting.  Its like one of those games you play at an arcade where you get your butt kicked constantly but for some reason you keep popping quarters into the machine in hopes that you can do better the next time.  What is the definition of insanity again?
76561198054404359,Recommended,248820,7675649,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Cancer The Guy,"huge, time consuming, addictive, kinda like herion but with no relapse"
,Recommended,248820,9753919,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,chrisss,"Very fun and addicting, simple and easy mechanics and the game runs smoothly.8/10Only criticism would be to change the multiplayer system so that we don't have to port-forward, and more classes/worlds. Please."
,Recommended,248820,9758188,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,BUFFARO SOLJA,jumpy shooty fun espesh in coop
,Recommended,248820,9220845,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Pesky Dingus,"awesome game, hard difficulty, great graphics. can not stop playing!"
,Recommended,248820,9222693,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Oblivion_XLS,"All the anger of Binding of Issac without the clunky controls and super-gore.This game is a rouge-like sidescroller that uses a MOBA-style skillbar and an BoI pickup system to get you from planet to planet, recovering your lost cargo while a timer ticks down to more and more difficult encounters.Making it to level 2 is easy. Making to the final boss? I'll leave that to you."
76561197978451538,Recommended,248820,9224291,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Bearzy,"Fun rogue-like shooter. You unlock characters with different abilities and strengths and new items that spawn during playthroughs (more items means more buffs). Each playthrough takes around 30-40 minutes on normal difficulty. The levels have a fairly consistent layout (sometimes paths or areas will be blocked off), but the 6 stages you visit are randomized and the location of chests and the enemies that spawn vary. Worth $10 for 4 friends to play together or to play solo."
76561197961479292,Recommended,248820,9227799,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Proff,"Wait, wasn't I supposed to go to work today?  Oh well, one more round.Ctrl+ACtrl+CCtrl+V Ctrl+V Ctrl+V Ctrl+V Ctrl+V Ctrl+V Ctrl+V Ctrl+V Ctrl+V Ctrl+V Ctrl+V Ctrl+V Ctrl+V Ctrl+V Ctrl+V"
,Recommended,248820,9271084,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,FLACC1DD1NOSAUR,Awesomely hard!
,Recommended,248820,9272489,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,PivoTRX,get infusion get money
76561197985211459,Recommended,248820,9275128,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,[PAX]Christ Our Lord,"Give this game a chance.  First time I played it I went ""what the hell am I playing?""  Second time I played it I went ""What the hell am I playing... this is kinda interesting.""  By the third game I went ""This is pretty awesome!"" and now I'm addicted.  Great game."
76561198049067108,Recommended,248820,9275519,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Officer Owl,"One of the hardest games I have ever played, Risk of Rain, is hard, but thats why its so fun, it becomes very tense, and keeps you on the edge of your seat. I hear Rouge Legacy and Spelunky are similar and better, but I will always enjoy this game, even if I zone out on the computer from having a bullcrap death. And the music is some of the best I have ever heard in a game, and the 8 bit pixel art is beautiful"
,Recommended,248820,9155382,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Robaire Shen,ya
76561197997163394,Recommended,248820,9158353,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Equivin,"One of the better and more creative rogue-likes I have played recently. Definitely relies on skill to stay alive, but the inherent luck makes it exciting."
,Recommended,248820,9159892,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Phonox / PartnersInGame.com,"Love it! works great on my 4500U machine!It is rather hard at the begining, but as you archive stuff and unlock new thingsit gets a bit easier!But then when you go with friends! it's even more funny!a normal run about 40 min..But at the begining about 15 min till you die..."
76561198057897576,Recommended,248820,9162020,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,LuxuryMilk,"Addictive, challenging, ridiculous amount of powerups. No ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Pure gaming fun. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,248820,7987236,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Swedish Tickler,One of the best 8-Bit 2D games ever played
,Recommended,248820,7987373,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Shademan,"This...game...is..AWESOME!I'm tempted to compare this to a side scrolling sprite version of Binding of Isaac but that wouldn't do it justice. Risk of Rain is by itself an amazing roguelike. The player controls a survivor of an interstellar space transport that has crashed on an inhospitable planet. Using the parcels that were being transported, the player must survive the increasingly difficult trials of the planet and escape back to the ship which is trapped in orbit.Risk of Rain is unique in that it's difficulty increases as time passes, not as the player progresses in levels. This means that the first level could be as hard as the last level depending on how long you spend fighting monsters. In each level the player has to find the teleporter and survive 90 seconds while it powers up before teleporting to the next stage. Of course it's not advisable that the player immediately starts up the teleporter when he finds it. Instead it's imperative that they collect the various powerups scattered throughout the level and gain some levels.The game remains fresh by rewarding players with unlockable items and classes. There are a plethora of items with cool gameplay effects, ranging from increased health regeneration to causing killed enemies to explode into purply bits of dead soul that blow up other enemies. Items are unlocked by completing challenging achievements. Unlike most games though, these achievements happen quite naturally and aren't as far flung as some games.The best part of the game though, and what keeps me coming back, is the classes. Whenever I feel like I'm sick and tired of the game I unlock a new class, and boy are these classes unique! Unlike Binding of Isaac, each character you unlock has their own skillset and combat style that differ vastly from each other. The Commando focuses on dodging fast and shooting enemies from a distance while the test subject Acrid tears into enemies with his poisonous mutant claws.Beyond gameplay, Risk of Rain has a great story that can be gleaned from the various item and monster logs the player collects in their inevitable journey. The accompanying OST is truly beautiful and sometimes I find myself just standing around listening to it as my inevitable doom closes on me.Overall, I definitely recommend Risk of Rain. It's a stylish fast-paced roguelike sidescroller that's well worth it's price tag. Just be prepared to die. Alot."
,Recommended,248820,7677705,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Keith,Tons of fun and well worth the money. If it is ever on sale there is no excuse not to pick this game up.
,Recommended,248820,7989055,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,GoodOldMalk,"An incredible rogue-like experience, filled with endless action and tons of unlockables. Greatly recommendedRisk of rain class system lets you play the game you want to play without sacrificing the random roguelike core. The almost constant stream of new items unlocks, classes, and challenges makes this game quite long lived and every playthrough feels like progression.Multiplayer is not impossible but requires you to port forward, this can lead to frustrating experiences. Only one person is needed to port forward and host.If you get stuck with unlocks or simply want more information use the ingame achievements and item information from the main menu!"
,Recommended,248820,10111707,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,foxboy mcjones,An amazing game. Hours of gameplay and incredibly addicting. Absolute steal at £7; one of my favourite games of all time.
,Recommended,248820,10114456,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Nicholas Piberius Wilde,"Although multiplayer is hard to work, (Which sucks because it's not like I bought another copy of this game to play with a friend when it takes too long to set up multiplayer or anything. -.-) it's an amazing game. It is an arcade 3rd person side scrolling shooter where you need to find a teleporter and survive. This game features many cool monsters/enemies, insanely awesome power ups from having two of you to dropping mines everywhere, and awesome maps. This is probably one of the most enjoyable games out there besides things like GMod and Skyrim. If you like shoot and loot games with a bit of arcade feel to it, this is the game for you. No matter what anyone says, this is a must buy!I would rate this 9/10 because of the multiplayer being screwed up. ;_;"
,Recommended,248820,10114860,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,God of Thunder,Fun game with a lot of bugs
,Recommended,248820,10115232,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Browsing History,"One of the best games I've played to date. It also has great music that definitely fits the vibe of the game. The replayability is also extremely high due to it having randomly generated items and semi-randomly generated levels. The art style suits the game, too, with the playable characters being extremely small in comparison to the giant monsters you face. It makes the game seem daunting but also much more rewarding when you succeed."
,Recommended,248820,10235621,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,crazy_shoes,"If I could, I would play this game all of the times... every of the times..."
,Recommended,248820,10235780,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Takachance,Love this game. It's a great game to play with friends. And is really hard! totally worth it
,Recommended,248820,10238670,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,InsanityMad,"A platform shooter that's worth the low price given, that will keep you hooked for quite a few weeks. I know that happened to me.Like platform Maple Story-ish designed levels? Like dying in no more than the second stage? Like achievements and unlocking things? This is a game that you'll enjoy. Don't let death discourage you."
,Recommended,248820,10240464,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,FreaKStrike,"One of the most fun Rogue-likes/lites I've ever come across. Played close to 40 hours of it, loved every second. I play the occassional 20 minute game to take a break for revising, playing well on every piece of hardware I install it on."
,Recommended,248820,10241865,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,มนากร,Risk of Rainส่วนตัวผมชอบมากนะ เล่นได้เรื่อย ๆ ไม่ค่อยเบื่อเท่าไหร่เพราะมีตัวละครให้เลือกเล่นถึง ๙ ตัว และสนุกทุกตัวเลยแต่หละตัวมีความสามารถแตกต่างกันออกไปมีไอเทมอีกเป็นสิบ ๆ ไอเทม ที่ให้เราดรอปใช้ แตกต่างกันมีระบบ artifacts ผมเข้าใจว่าเป็นโหมดนะทุกอย่างต้องปลดล๊อคเองทั้งหมด! ซึ้งนี้คือความสนุกของตัวเกม.. ยิ่ง artifacts ที่จะซ่อนเอาไว้เราต้องหาทางลับไปเอามายิ่งสนุกระบบ artifacts หรือโหมดที่เราจะสามารถปรับแต่งได้หยังใจก็ดีมาก ๆทำให้เราเล่นได้ไม่เบื่อเพราะเราสามารถเปิดปิดโหมดอะไรได้ต่าง ๆ ทำให้การเล่นแต่ละรอบของเราไม่เหมือนเดิมมีความสนุกประมาณว่า.. เราจะสามารถเล่นตัวละครนี้ ในโหมดแบบนี้ไหวไหม?เรื่องความยากของตัวเกม ในส่วนเริ่มต้นผมว่ายากมาก.. ต้องอาศัยดวงในการดรอปไอเทมดี ๆ เพื่อช่วยให้เราผ่านไปได้แต่พอเล่นไปเริ่มมี artifacts หรือมีเพื่อนคอยช่วย หรือจับทางได้หน่อย ก็จะเริ่มสบายขึ้น.. แต่ก็ยากอยู่ดี ๕๕เป็นเกมที่มีความมันส์ในระดับดีเลย ตัวเลขดาเมจต่าง ๆ รัวเต็มหน้าจอ เล่นไปนาน ๆ เฟรมเลทอาจตกกันเลยทีเดียวเป็นเกมที่ผมเล่นเคลียร์ไปแล้วหลายรอบแต่ก็ยังคงกดเล่นอยู่เรื่อย ๆ เพราะให้ความสนุกได้ตลอดเวลา
,Recommended,248820,10243226,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Tomato ass,"This game is a fun indie, survival, 2D Platformer and i highly recomend it! though it has some pretty weird controlls. i give this game a 9/10"
76561198071295287,Recommended,248820,10245500,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Ze84,"I found this game highly adictive, simply because I had fallen into a lull of gaming. After picking up Risk of Rain, I spent about 4-5 hours on it on my first day alone. I highly reccomend this game to anyone who likes pixel art, rogue-likes, and completing games fully {100% completion}."
76561198071617998,Recommended,248820,10247192,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,s0up,"An extremely choatic game!! Loads of fun and it is  a real challenge! If you love a spam of unique enemies, explosions, collecting baller items, using amazing abilities with a large variety of characters to pick from and boss fights this is the game for you!!! By yourself it's fun, with a friend or friends the fun can go on for hours!! I HIGHLY reccommend this game, if it be for fun with friends or something to play on a raining day, risk of rain is a must have!"
76561197998882954,Recommended,248820,10250252,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Pure Blonde,I enjoy this game. Its hard and hurts my feelings. 10/10
76561198087805188,Recommended,248820,10142023,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,The Lethal Shadow,great game
,Recommended,248820,8837983,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Abnormally Juicy,It's like binding of iisac but with co-op + 2D Platforming + A ♥♥♥♥♥on of replayabilityITS FUNITS REALLY FUNITS REALLY ♥♥♥♥ING FUNAND ITS ALSO FUN!
,Recommended,248820,9295072,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Swiftgank,"Lot's of fun, can be extremeley challenging, a lot more fun with other people. Takes a little time to get characters unlocked but the starting character is really good."
76561198081617886,Recommended,248820,9295435,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,jjnel8403,A very fun rougelike lite platformer with plently of items to discover and characters to unlock. Each character plays very different so there are many fun styles to try out! There is enough randomness to each level to make each playthrough fresh yet you will be able to learn the patterns of the enemies and levels so you progress further the more you play. If you are a fan of these types of games you should definatly check this out!
76561198105227633,Recommended,248820,9295934,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Saberwolf1836,war waar never changes
76561198081398897,Recommended,248820,9297309,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,GreatLordEgotist,"Holy crap. This game. The only thing that I can dislike about this game is its length, it's a little short. Other than that though, the music is great, the bosses are fun, the characters are unique, it requires a lot of strategy, the items are really cool, the controls are great, it's difficult, and it is a really fun and addictive multiplayer expierience (as long as you play LAN). Even after you get bored of awesome gameplay once, you will want to get back into this game. Go buy it. Just do it."
,Recommended,248820,7829660,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Schwing!,It's SOO MUCH FUNNN
,Recommended,248820,9306945,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Equity <MHN>,"THis is great, best rouge like evar"
76561198044119814,Recommended,248820,9308207,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,heyschmidty,"An amazing way to spend your time.  The game is unforgiving and harsh and cruel but also beautifully addictive.  Every time you play it's a different experience. New enemies, new items, new playstyle.  It's a grand mix of tension and stragety, of rush and planning.  Generally an amazing game."
76561198005056659,Recommended,248820,8967494,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Peanut Cheese Bar,Excellent addicting rogue-like experience. You can really tell that the focus in development was creating tight core gameplay. Details are well thought out and mechanics all mesh nicely into a game that really rewards experimentation and practice. Well done!
,Recommended,248820,8967674,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Brebs,"This is one of the most interesting Rogue-like games I've ever played.  The platforming is excellent, the powerups are always interesting, and because of the random nature of it, gameplay always feels refreshing.  I will say the controls are a bit difficult unless you use an Xbox 360 controller to play it."
,Recommended,248820,8967992,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,exdjryan,"Fantastic game. This almost rogue-like will frustrate you at first. There is extreme satisfaction in building up your character to the point of completing the game. Pick it up when it's on sale. You'll be glad you did.Although there is co-op available, the game is neither balanced nor designed for multiplayer action. Single player is where this game really shines."
76561198040268987,Recommended,248820,8968149,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,julie in furs,"A fantastic sidescrolling shoot-em-up. Great game solo, and I'm sure that it would be ten times more fun with other people. The only con is that you can't shoot up. Not a whole ton of items, but they are extremely useful and getting through a level can be insanely hard, but superbly rewarding."
76561197992682771,Recommended,248820,8969115,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,dustinmp9,"At the time i am writing this you have to port forward to play with friends and there is no multiplayer lobby. I would say wait to go the game until this is delt with, otherwise it is a great game."
,Recommended,248820,8970176,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,[DF] PopCap,"This game has a stunning soundtrack, but more importantly extreme gameplay making it where you don't want to stop! I only appreciate rogue likes more from this great game."
76561198046163048,Recommended,248820,8970558,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,austin,ehhhhhh it's pretty ok
,Recommended,248820,8972304,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,BlueJam,This game hits that nostalgia spot for me. Really addictive and doesn't get that repetitive because of the wide variation of power-ups in the game.
,Recommended,248820,8937565,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,AngloSaxophone,fun fun fun fun fun!
76561198011095914,Recommended,248820,9147385,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,The Dude,"Insanely addictive! Tons of hours of fun, and the difficulty increasing slowly was a great twist on the genre"
76561198079395752,Recommended,248820,9147423,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,I'm sorry I made you sad Dad.,Fun and a great soundtrack.
,Recommended,248820,9148780,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Meinungs*******,Great game!It brings back the old console feeling when you use controlers to play with up to 3 friends (online is possible too).Local Coop 5/5Online Coop 3/5Not for casual gamers.
,Recommended,248820,9148874,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Pigeon Man,Aliens yo
,Recommended,248820,10848626,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Ricardogoat,"I played this game for 10 hours straight when i first got it, easy to get the hang of and have fun with hundreds of powerups and items. I'd buy this game full price"
,Recommended,248820,10848920,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,NASA,Not many games like to laugh at your dead corpse and then send you up against hordes of bosses. 10 out of 10.
,Recommended,248820,10851680,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Epic Veener,"Very fun to play with friends, would recommend to anyone."
76561198097513814,Recommended,248820,10852112,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ChronoFlux,This game is the greatest thing you can buy if you are into blowing the♥♥♥♥♥♥of of your computer screen.
76561198103921673,Recommended,248820,10852337,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,SlyPork,"You shoot. Alot. And make things explode. Alot. Know what's more addicting, colorful, and epic than mary jane laced in crack and sprinkled with ectasy? This game."
76561198066395412,Not Recommended,248820,10852652,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Godith Shadowind,"Lovely soundtrack, but I found the game itself too hard to even get past level 1. I'm told it isn't so bad if you use a console controller instead of a keyboard, but I don't have one of those."
,Recommended,248820,10853097,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,DrunkHitlerYouth,"If you enjoy a decent challenge this game is worth a buy, as the game becomes exponentially more difficult as time progresses. The system of upgrading through collectable power ups suits the fast paced game play and the art style is pretty neat. An easy (albeit difficult) 8/10."
76561198026742911,Recommended,248820,10853108,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Maotis,I can't stop enjoying this game. There always seems to be something new about it.
,Not Recommended,248820,10854010,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Cyanure,"I generally like rogue-like game and find some of them to be very enjoyable and addictive (Binding of Isaac, Rogue Legacy, Dungeons of Dredmor, Pixel Dungeon for example). Unfortunately, Risk of Rain is not one of them, it is way too brutal and doesn't do much to keep you interested in playing more.To give an example, an average ennemy will take about 10 regular shots to kill. When you start, with a couple of ennemies you can handle them quite easily, but few minutes later, you will find yourself fighting against a horde of 10-15 ennemies, all running toward you. You might succeed in killing one or two, but after that you'll become overwhelmed quite fast as new ennemies are spawning as you kill them, forcing you to run away and try to avoid ennemies. When you're done with a boss, you still have to kill all remaining ennemies, which can be very hard when 20-30 are all at the same place. 1 to 3 seconds are enough for them to kill you if you don't avoid them.The items that you can buy sometimes gives you a small advantage, but as the difficulty of the game increase the longer you play, the small advantages aren't enough to keep you continuing without getting kill.That being said, I did enjoyed the music and the art direction of the game.For me to recommend this game, two things would need to change: reducing the number of shots needed to kill ennemies (or make different levels of difficulty to please casual and very hardcore gamers) and remove (or make optionnal) the ""gets harder the longer you play"" caracteristic."
,Recommended,248820,10855129,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,NotSifu,"Its Bretty gud, worth however much it costs"
,Recommended,248820,10855648,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,The Law,love this game! its simple nature makes the game one of my fav.  pick this up asap
,Recommended,248820,10858907,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Tonald Drump,"""★★★★★"" get rained on"
,Recommended,248820,10859105,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,BallaHallaNyah,"Hella fun platormer. Spent hours trying to beat my previous best scores. So many different abilities and classes, you won't go wrong with this game. Great job Hopoo Games, you hit it out of the ball park with this one.9/10 Great game!"
76561198067655407,Recommended,248820,10859596,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ParanoidBear,"It's a great game and it's super fun with all the extra weapons and items. However, it can be challenging as the longer you grind, the harder it gets which kinda defeats the purpose of grinding. Overall, fun game, challenging."
,Recommended,248820,10861021,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Rafael Soundlug,Creepy but fun rogue like. Needed more stage variation.
76561198040365478,Recommended,248820,10861466,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Sapher,"Really awesome game, I think everyone should play for sure"
,Recommended,248820,10897481,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,AlexanderAxel,This game is one of the best indie games ever it's very fun to play with your friends but it's also really neat to play solo 10/10.
76561198027954213,Recommended,248820,10897923,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,randavalian,play it alone: you will die a lotplay it whith friends: you will die a lot and being laughed at for that
,Recommended,248820,10884942,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Loudpackimus,"Very fun. Challenging at first, but after a couple levels it gets easier. Fun to play with friends and unlock characters."
,Recommended,248820,10885552,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ham8h,"I bought this game on a recomendation from a friend of mine and it has turned out to be highly addictive. Its a solidly made game with amazing features, multiple unlockable characters, and a decent multiplayer system to play with your friends. It's totally worth the price"
,Recommended,248820,10885955,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Ixcen,"One of the best roguelike around. The gameplay, the soundtrack and general atmosphere are great."
76561198079771645,Recommended,248820,10886222,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Bloodbeak,"Awesome music, fun abilities, different playstyles, this game rocks. I love the aesthetics and style, and the music is beautiful. You can start as a helpless insect on an alien world and build yourself into a godlike insect that manages to take down building sized enemies. But seriously, if you like roguelikes with the ability to stack powerups, you'll love this."
76561198062045225,Recommended,248820,10887304,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,TheBoxTrot,"Amazing- AND I MEAN Amazing Soundtrack. It's a game were you can jump in and kill, kill, kill, and have an objective at the same time. You can unlock different Characters with different abilities (I <3 Sniper), I had this game for about a year and still play it, (Its up untill now that I decided to write a review). You can play with friends and collect thousands of items to aid you in your fight to leave the dreaded planet. Buy. It. Now."
76561198037068898,Recommended,248820,10887617,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Valkyorl,"Incredibly fun, especially with a few friends.also very hard, unless you get good items early it can be nearly impossible get very far."
76561198141830940,Recommended,248820,10888500,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,thepyromaniac10,"This game is great. there is not much more to be said. I love the totally randomized levels, it gives it a flare that not many other games have. You will almost never get bored. I would (and have) recommend this to friends! The graphics may not be like the games you are used to like COD or Battlefield, but really you should give this a try. It will make you so happy sometimes and so sad the next, it is a true classic."
76561198054973796,Recommended,248820,10888756,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ReaperKitty,So addicting. This game makes you want to keep playing it until you have conquered everything last thing in it.
,Recommended,248820,10889190,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,spookC,Masterpiece of a indie game
,Recommended,248820,10863001,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,soundofdestruction,addicting for the replay value.  Sharp learning curve.you either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain…  the killer of wildlife
,Recommended,248820,10864000,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,43TH3R,"God, this game is hard. Can't even make it past third level. And that's why it is so bloody awesome."
76561197994956951,Recommended,248820,10864917,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Revista,Joguinho TOP pra passar o tempo ..... !! TOP TOP
76561198035431165,Recommended,248820,10866026,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Mongeri,"This is one of the most fun games I've ever played. Everything about it is great from the lower rez but charming graphics to the sometimes panic inducing combat. Every unlockable character feels unique and has a different style of play, findable 'relics' change the game rules and make something already hectic into a nightmare of hilarity.Risk of Rain, a loveable, brutal Rogue-like platformer."
,Recommended,248820,10903043,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Basilicious,Game: Risk of RainGenre: ActionDeveloper: Hopoo GamesSystem: Steam (PC)Total Score: 82/100Value Score: 8.2/10• Story: 6/10• Characters: 7/10• GamePlay: 8/10• Graphics: 8/10• Sound: 10/10• Music: 8/10• Length: 5/10• Replay Value: 10/10• Player Value: 10/10Pros+Great gameplay that never gets repetitive in terms of its level design and gameplay style+Great usage of items and unique level of difficulty that changes the longer you play along with that humorous messages upon character death.+Great challenging single player and multiplayer+4 player co-op+Variety of playable characters and difficulty/rule settings for each playthrough+Impressive soundtrack and sound effects+Great looking level design and art styleCons-FPS drops from time to time when playing MP (varies)-Storyline is lack luster-Game's campaign is really short-The difficulty might turn off some people especially those who want to play the single player campaign
,Recommended,248820,10905704,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Ira,"Was a bit hesitant to buy the game, even whilst on sale, due to never really going into the indie area. After playing it twice or thrice, I got into it. Don't let the graphics fool you, if you want a pretty darn good gameplay.As the time passes, enemies get stronger. There are plenty of perks to boost your character, and you can unlock new ones too. Three different difficulties. Multiple maps. And great to kill time. You WON'T regret buying the game.The only drawback is, online co-op is pretty much awful. Many people have experienced issues with it, tried Hamachi, Evolve, and whatever there is. Port forwarding enabled, gaming mode enabled (on the router), etc., but no luck. So, if you're buying it purely for online co-op, keep in mind that it may not work for you."
,Recommended,248820,10908149,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Shamroll,A really fun and simple game but you need a strategy if you want to beat it on harder difficulty.
76561198034116562,Recommended,248820,10908864,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Wazakaman,"There is no game like RoR lategame that makes me consider upgrading my rig.There are three ways I like to play this game:1. Playing the game normally and doing 2-3 cycles, making me pretty strong/overpowered fighting the final boss.2. Playing through this game as fast as possible, this consists of me memorising chests/shrines and not touch untill I hit the portal. This ultimately leaves the final boss fairly weak, while I am fairly strong.3. Giving the monsters a 5 minute edge. This means not killing them untill 5 minutes went past. This method is the worst of both worlds. It has strong monsters and a strong final boss while I have less items than optimal. Out of the three ways discribed this is the most rewarding to complete.7,5/10 would recommend if you like games that are unforgiving."
,Recommended,248820,10909272,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Progettocrema,"I play this game in single player only, I tried the multiplayer online some time ago but it was a mess since it didn't support online mode through steam, so I gave up. Anyway, I spent so much quality time playing this game that, although I'm not playing it very consistently lately, I would definitely recommend it.The OST rocks, it's much more ambient-hard-rock compared to other more electronic-only good OSTs around, it's a great twist.The characters are really nice (and tiny) and learning to play all of them is surely hard, some feel somewhat underpowered but it's good for a challenge. It's randomly generated so each game is kind of different, but not really too much to be honest. I'd like them to add some new levels though. The replayability may go down after a while, but playing in hardcore mode surely adds. The load of items you can stack is impressive and it's a lot of fun when you have dozens of them flying off firepower around you... and it's also quite crucial if you want to stay alive.You will die so many times at first that you will not bother too much, that's a plus for me ---no stress. It gets easily addictive.I recommend trying it out, it's been one of the best indie platformers I've played recently and if you're not sure maybe you can wait for a little discount. The price is ok anyway!"
,Recommended,248820,10909354,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Kevin Bacon's Bacon,"It may or may not rain in this game. However, there is always a risk of it."
,Recommended,248820,10916964,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,kaldrenon,"Haven't played long yet, but I was almost instantly addicted. Default difficulty is sufficiently challenging without too much punishment, character classes are easy to learn but feel unique and require different play styles. Great blend of tactics and twitch in tough fights."
,Recommended,248820,19312630,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Bloodscar246,Really Fun but hard!!!Worth a Try for Everyone!
76561198108973996,Recommended,248820,19312631,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Yoko318,"Very highly recommend. I love replaying trying to find all the hidden artifacts, items, and unlockables. A word of warning: the sheer processing on the highest difficulty levels after you've been playing for a while can lag your computer."
,Recommended,248820,19313125,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Microsoft Excel®,"Great rougelike, just wish the multiplayer was made more mainstream."
,Recommended,248820,19300907,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Ovicior,Amazing. Get a PS4 controller and play it local co-op with a friend.
,Recommended,248820,19299356,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Jacquesvsa,EXCELLENT
,Recommended,248820,19281705,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,MORFLLEH,Best rogue-like game i've ever played
,Recommended,248820,14044316,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Pinhead Larry,Amazing. I give 0/10 and I still loved it. It was that good. Buy now. Do it.
76561198169006812,Recommended,248820,19379921,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,doodnix,"After playing this game for 2 months and still not beating it, I think I need to post a review.First of all, this is a really good perma-death game. The mechanics are surprisingly unique, there is a lot of replay abillity, and it's increadibly rewarding.This game is HARD. It will take a while to master, but it's worth it.The music is AWESOME.The game does not have a lot of focus on platforming, but it has a lot of focus on the combat.GAMEPLAY: 9/10MUSIC: 10/10CHALLENGE: 9/10Overall: 9/10. If you haven't played this game already, play it soon. It's worth it."
76561198051126008,Recommended,248820,19388151,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Darr_N,"Fantastic game, with good art, style, gameplay and music!"
76561198085008662,Recommended,248820,19282021,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Galaxamus,This game is amazing.Murdered a ghost child and killed what may be its parents 1337/69
76561198044767185,Recommended,248820,19330427,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Wes~,"Why you should buy this game, please read all-Plays on the easiest difficulty, just for fun-Starts out with the War Banner ability-Sets up in a single area, constantly leveling up and packing one spot with War Banner buffs-has stayed in this one spot for atleast 30-40 minutes-At the point where im fighting two bosses at once-takes enemies and bosses out no problem, healing is too quick for anything in my way-gets the Revolving Ice Shard ability-packs of enemies charge towards me-kills them all, getting an insane amount of ice shards around me, leaving me laughing-..wonders why screen is shaking like it just got the news about 9/11-looks to the side of my area-at the side of me, is a small incline-30-40-MINUTES-OF ENEMIES-PACKED INTO THIS SPOT, GOING HAM AT THIS WALL-turns on computer volume-can only hear the attack noises of the ATLEAST 50+ monsters in the one little spot-gets a brilliant idea-lets a pack of Jellyfish fly towards me, ice shards killing them in the process-has a ridiculous amount of shards around me-walks over to the 30-40 minutes worth of monstersAnd that is when I knewI had f*cked up-Ice shards collide with the insane amount of enemies-ice shards kill weak enemies from the frst few minutes of the game, only giving me more ice shards-more ice shards mean more hits, killing stronger monsters, giving me EVEN MORE SHARDSbut all happenedin one movement-game just stops-i sit staring at the mistake i have done, gold frozen in the air, hundreds of damage numbers jumbled above the pile of monsters-game is completely frozen-game crashes-gets error message pretty much saying i had gained too much gold too quickly, and had hit so many enemies way too quickly-closes message10/10 would crash again"
76561198062086546,Recommended,248820,19319537,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,DaFaq_,"All those moments will be lost in time, like tears...in...rain.Must BuyMust PlayMust Die"
76561198192497461,Recommended,248820,30628615,Posted: 19 March,all,Leviathan,Picked it up on sale for .902hours later...money well spent!
,Recommended,248820,19402143,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,ChaoticGOD,One of my favorite games of all time. I strongly suggest getting this game if you are looking for something to play when you are bored. Risk of Rain is an extremely fun and interesting game and I am going to continue to play it for a very long time. Thank you for making such a great game :D
,Recommended,248820,19396676,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Cathodeus,Gorgeous ! I couldn't stop until the end !
,Recommended,248820,19434882,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Sonuvabitch,"Amazing game!!! I'm suprised not much people know about this. I wish there would be a mode where you can collect items and do PVP against other players online. But without it, it's still a great game! The music does bring the atmosphere to the game. There  are hundreds of items and a lot of characters to choose from, so you won't get bored easily. Really frustraing though. Overall, a great game!"
76561198092046115,Not Recommended,248820,19449537,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,The Potatolord,"It's fun at first, but it gets really boring quickly."
,Recommended,248820,11465045,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Innocent,This game is just amazing.
76561198072572292,Recommended,248820,11445638,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,baby boi,Risk of Rain is a very fun game
76561198052337412,Recommended,248820,9974093,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,MSJ-06II-C,"Very good game.The items are just amazing... minefields, mortars, rockets, a Jar of souls(clones every enemy on screen to fight for you)just a tiny piece of the giant pallet of very... uncomfortable deaths... for your enemies (don't worry you get your share of painful deaths as well)"
,Recommended,248820,11450857,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,moonsong22,"Risk of Rain is a non-narrative rouge-lite/platformer with a compelling sci-fi setting.Core review:Gameplay: 8/10The difficulty is real, and the randomness gives replayability without ever feeling artificial.Graphics: 7/10The pixel art graphics DO NOT feel like your typical ""we-have-a-low-budget-so-we-made-pixel-graphics.""Soundtrack: 9/10No good way to describe this, but the soundtrack adds to the game in so many different ways, and almost makes the setting more interesting.OVERALL: 8/10Risk of Rain is not a game to miss by any standard. Pick up a copy now, and I damn near promise you won't be upset."
,Recommended,248820,10718603,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,#måsen,"Love this game, but it sorta sucks that you have to split between the items in coop mode but apart from that its awsome!"
,Recommended,248820,11456106,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Pentaliatix,"This game is like Rogue Legacy, except that you have a gun and you don't have to worry about sending 79 generations' worth of children to their inevitable deaths.(QUICK NOTE: While starting on the easiest difficulty is better for newer players, you MUST play on Medium difficulty, otherwise your stats won't save upon exiting the game. You will still own characters and items that you've unlocked as well as progress towards achievements, though.)"
76561198118010335,Not Recommended,248820,11456168,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,ronXshimo,"I did not like the game. Not because of the pixel graphics. Because the game itself. For example: it does not maintain the accomplishment and is also a tad difficult without many options. What is good at is number of characters that the choice of characters, and the co op that's really nice.Anyway. I do not really recommend the game and is not worth the money(Luckily I bought it at half price summer sale)"
,Recommended,248820,11399606,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Sailor Mercury,"While the multiplayer could've been done easier, the game is an addictive adventure with excellent replay value."
76561198050391017,Recommended,248820,11456250,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,WhatDoWeSayToTheGodOfMonopoly?,good but really hard
76561197994661119,Recommended,248820,11457884,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Tsak,"For it's price you'll get countless hours of enjoyment. It's definitely a game that is played either solo or with friends, i found it more fun to play with friends. find some buds to play with and try unlocking all the content, it's definitely had its fair share of fun moments with me and my buds."
,Recommended,248820,11472473,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Garfardnak,2/1 wud play agan
,Recommended,248820,11472559,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,BigZman95,"Risk of Rain is a phenominal game and is one of the most enjoyable games I have played in a long time. Playing this game in local co-op is some of THE most fun you can have with your friends. It will make you laugh, cry, sigh in frustration but ulltimately keep you coming back. The game's difficulty ups as time goes on which adds to the intensity. At some of the higher levels bosses almost continually spawn. While the game punishes players it also rewards them highly with upgrades and useable items. Risk of Rain provides a challenge but never becomes unenjoyable. It has a unique vibe to it which feels old school but more modern at the same time. It's hard to tell from the videos and screenshots but it plays mostly like a platformer but you have a main attack which never needs to recharge and three abilities which vary by class that take time to recharge between uses. Having a strategy adds a deeper level of gameplay to an otherwise simple game. You will want a team with a variety of abilities and then use those abilities to compliment eachother. Some of the most fun in this game is figuring tactics to use on the enemies that are so good it almost feels like cheating. Depending on the classes your team chooses, the gameplay will change drastically. It can be anywhere from a more tactical approach to run and gun. Risk of Rain is a fantastic game and is even better with friends. Couch co-op has never been so intense and enjoyable. It will beg you to beat the game over and over again."
,Recommended,248820,11473656,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,BurntBread,so much fun yay
,Recommended,248820,11473766,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,BUY MY GAME,Best indie game 12vur
76561198035737366,Recommended,248820,11319192,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Kelso,Best Indie game to screw around and blow off steam with
76561198024271323,Recommended,248820,11276314,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,CranialBurst,"Good amount of difficulty, great soundtrack. Hours of mindless fun!"
,Recommended,248820,11277162,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,InsaneFool,Fantastic game. Perma-death really makes it that much better.
76561198053103997,Recommended,248820,11281101,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Ali Larter,i get to shoot things as different playable things. 10/10
,Recommended,248820,11281259,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,GARFIELF,huntress is for nerds
,Recommended,248820,11308367,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Henry-chan,"Fun game. Best when you're with friends. Also, remember to move fast because it gets harder the longer you play."
76561198055312457,Recommended,248820,17452821,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,SlrMunCrystla,gets ice relic  beats game standing still 11/10
76561198017471709,Not Recommended,248820,19526984,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,DumMDumM,"I bought this game as it became pretty good reviews, especially for the co op which I wanted to do with friends online!When I first started this game I had a bug and I had to restart it again. Not a good first date. After restart I worked. I played it for a view minutes as a test for the later co op. The game didnt seem super exciting to me but I thought ""Hey, with friends it might be fun for an evening or so"".Next day we wanted to do the co op. First a bug when my friend tried to start the game and after that the big bad surprise: For playing cooperative online the you need to port-forward. Means you have to change settings on you computer, router. This might be risky since the open ports might by an access for hackers etc. Second and maybe more importand to most gamers, you will have to figure out the protocol for the port-forwarding. This is a bit redicolous in the year 2015 were even fridges are able to connect to the internet.If you like these kind of games, go for it. If you want to buy it for cooperative playing and you dont mind to fiddle around with ports etc on your computer/router, go for it ... but I cant recommend it."
76561198024940983,Recommended,248820,19723119,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Sgt. Candy,Its ok.
76561197960272061,Recommended,248820,19722554,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Nero,Once you get into this game it can be a lot of fun. It never gets too easy and is always a challenge. All of the characters are unique and have interesting skillsets which allow you to play the game in different ways and discover new strategies. The item use to boost your character in game allows you to become increasingly more powerful throughout and discovering relics to use also creates new ways to play.
,Recommended,248820,19724831,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,MechanicalEyes,"Extremely fun, hardcore game, dramatically amplified by glorious soundtrack by Chris Christodoulou. 5 overloaded magma worms of 5"
,Recommended,248820,19740441,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Zuvembie,"Quality game. Music is amazing, art is great, all characters feel very different. 10/10"
,Recommended,248820,19742145,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,CDLI_451,"Plenty of Risk. Could use more Rain.But seriously, it is a fun game.Pros:- Game handles well (controls feel quite precise)- Has a good art style- Great Soundtrack (which is available on Bandcamp if you fancy buying it)- Plenty of replayability- Nice variety of items and enemies- All the playable characters are quite different from one another with different play styles and item synergies- Multiplayer (optional)Cons:- Game occasionaly bugs out (although kinda rare)- Multiplayer can be quite buggy (as well as annoying to set up)- Has a bit of a learning curve (you will die quite a bit in beginning)Summary:Risk of Rain is definitely worth your time. Lots of fun and plenty of things to unlock and find, as well as a great soundtrack that never seems to get old. So for $10, I believe it is definitely a good purchase. Or you could just wait for it to go on sale (that would make it an even better purchase)."
,Recommended,248820,10759648,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,"IVAN, You see","Although pretty simple, the game itself is quite challenging in some points. I still didn't had the chance to play with friends, and I am still trying the last achivement and to get the rest of the artefacts. But with a few enemies and lots of itens they managed to make a game with a incredible replayability. Might be because they made 10 characters, all which have different playstyle, and with many itens and many tiers of itens, it makes the game impossible to be the same. Sometimes you might feel like a God and two minutes later be in a pinch because some elite enemies spawned. I loved this game for it's simplicity.After some patches, the developers added two new characters and a system called ""Artifacts"".These artifacts brought to the game a whole new scenario, they can both hinder you or aid you in many ways, making the game both fun and more challenging.  The same patch also brought at least two itens for item-tier.I've forgot to mention on my first review, the soundtrack is amazing, simply like that. And I did manage this time to play with some friends. The game is quite lovely on multiplayer, altho some of my friends complained about a little lag."
76561198088544087,Recommended,248820,30642763,Posted: 20 March,all,rodeo11,it's a fun and challenging game when you are bored.but you need the time for it this game can swallow a lot of your time when you start.
76561198064609961,Recommended,248820,19582930,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,PastaMasta,"I like this game.It has a fitting soundtrack, it is fun to play and it's not too easy.I still feel like this game would be better if you could play with friends via steam."
,Recommended,248820,19592126,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Etherios,Epic game to play with friends.Lots of laughs were had on it :)
76561198074025297,Recommended,248820,19592781,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,moriFARTY,"You cannot get bored with this game. Period. Every gameplay is different, it's hard to find the same replay value in some rogue games but this one I will continue to play for an determined amount of time in the future. ALSO the soundtrack is fantastic."
,Recommended,248820,19611103,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,ＲＡＧＥｘＴＲＯＬＬ,"The only rain in this game dear reader, will be your tears."
,Recommended,248820,19792173,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,[Eon]永遠の天,"Dont even get me started on how fun this game is.just buy it, its definitely worth itlongest session was 127 minutes of straight destruction.probably beat the game about 6 times (crashed my computer another 4 or so with like 21 frost relics going at once)best modes in my opinion is ""Everything Elites"" and ""Choose your Item"" combined those two, and it gets insane, bosses spawning every 5 seconds, you currently have over 80 items, do 10k damage per shot, and 8k health jumping and flying around shooting lasers, blasting space jellyfish apart with bombs, turrets, acid, fire, ect.best character? Definitely the robot cook."
76561198177893459,Recommended,248820,19792782,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,meep,so fun to play with a freind
,Recommended,248820,19793051,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,GreemLuck,"Wtf are you doing? Just buy the dude, and stop bothering me."
76561198136177979,Recommended,248820,19796153,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Bebo,"""explain your sex life with a game title""...............Risk of Rain"
,Recommended,248820,19788253,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Chad,"This was the first game I ever bought on steam, and it's still one of my favorite games. Even though I'm really bad at the game it's still fun to hop in and go for a run or two. The gameplay is smooth and thrilling. The mechanics are simple yet have lots of room for more complex combos. It's one of those games that are ""easy to play but hard to master"". Not to mention the sound track is one of the greatest out there. Overall this game is well worth my $10 and 68+ hours i give it a 9/10."
,Recommended,248820,19789817,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Twilcario,"My friend and I managed to break this game by creating too much lightning at once. It was beautiful.Recomended for: People who like Metroid style games, rediculous games, breaking games, or seeing how powerful you can become."
,Recommended,248820,19779988,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,1wolffan,"Pleasant (but loud) music score, and a very tough side-scrolling shoot'm/beat'm up. It's pretty good, but you'll want to look into it on Youtube first.This is not a rogue like, in that the maps are not randomly generated. But the items are randomly generated and placed around each map every time you load them, and which pre-built map you spawn in is randomized too. The difference with this game, over other similar games, is if you end up with duplicates of the same power-up, the effects stack. Also, the difficulty is constantly edging higher on the difficulty scale. If you're not careful, the enemies can get very difficult and overwhelm you. But hard games are all about the challange, so there you go."
76561198000205894,Recommended,248820,19559935,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,greenRonin,"Fast paced, pants ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ action all the way through. Loved the aesthetic from beginning to end multiple times."
,Not Recommended,248820,16675888,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Obiwan cannoli,O this game is so close to being good. There are major bugs though. I cant get on any servers because of a quote connection problem even though every other game That I have dosnt have this problem. Secondly I realize that its like a survival simulator wich is a amazing idea so i say good job. Finaly though I must point out that the controlls are completely broken dosnt matter how i set them all i can do is move and shoot. I cant dodje heal or any other secondary moves just walk and shoot. It hase so much potential but it has game  breaking bugs
76561198086569570,Recommended,248820,19537483,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Genji,Rock hard
,Recommended,248820,19668887,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Kung Pao Chicken,fun to play around with friends
,Recommended,248820,19744100,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,.sandrio,Broccoli best item
76561198176578125,Recommended,248820,19628623,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Arcanine,Very fast paced game. not for people who dont like to die and hard games. but it is very rewarding and also very roguelike.A diverse range of characters. Bosses and a great soundtrack to listen to.
76561198084813993,Recommended,248820,19626491,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Moh_Ding,it'll be raining your tears if you don't put on your big boy pants while playing this game
,Recommended,248820,19644818,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Digital Thickness,FIX THE ♥♥♥♥ING MULTIPLAYER THOUGH!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,248820,16213677,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Antipatience,"Risk of Rain is an extraordinary game with a ton of replay value.  There are 12 characters to play as which you unlock in various ways, and they have all have different playstyles to keep you interested.  Along with the character variety, you're able to unlock artifacts which change aspects of the game; for example, you can make it that chests no longer exist. Instead, every enemy has a chance to drop an item.The item drops are picked randomly from a list of unlocked items, but if you're not a fan of that, there's even an artifact that allows you to choose every item you get."
,Recommended,248820,19657843,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,ilovemymom2006,"Great game, fun mini shooter to play with your friends, doesn't take much time, It's such an easy concept, yet such a fun game10/10"
,Recommended,248820,14247702,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Space Raver,"Quite an interesting game. A rogue-like platformer that offers a challenge, but it is more fun when played together with some buddies.  Certainly worth the time and money. Lots of items. High chance of precipitation. Nuff said."
,Recommended,248820,19688510,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,vy,
,Recommended,248820,19689079,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,bluemorning,"Risk of Rain is an amazing rougelike with great potential. However, there more than likely won't be any updates to fix some major issues in the game, such as command chests that are inside of each other opening at the same time, forcing you to pick two items at the same time with one cursor, as well as literally everything with the network play. Seriously, the game is fun, but you're screwed if you play it solo. Networking requires port forwarding, as well as the fact that the online seems lazily thrown together with things like the countdown to the teleporter being over your dead body instead of who you're spectating. It's a fun game, but buy it on sale/with a grain of salt because it's near deprecated, and the devs are either dead or working on their new game."
,Recommended,248820,19678032,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Zeph,Fun Game.
,Recommended,248820,19673613,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Pledouth,"This game is an actual blast. I never thought that pixellated side-scrolling roguelikes can be so addictive. The game has a rather silly learning curve, but once you get past that, it just keeps punishing you even more and more!The only drawback is a lack of ongoing support (last update was in April 2015)... Too bad, since the game shows so much opportunity for development. Just keep new monsters, powerups and levels coming, and people are never going to stop gaming."
,Recommended,248820,19735292,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,NemesisLeon,"This game is AMAZINNNG!  The soundtrack is phenomenal, the gameplay fun and satisfying.  Such creative and varied characters to choose from!  Fierce challenge to unlock them all.  Awesome secrets to discover.  Great gameplay variety and customizability!  Every item and skill is genuinely clever; the enemies are just as clever.  GREAT with a controller especially with local co-op that can use multiple controllers and/or the keyboard!  Online co-op as well!Simply a fantastic platformer action game that's essentially a sped-up new game plus-focused action rpg in which time itself is the difficulty increase and overdramatic, overslow storytelling is traded in for amazing gameplay!  The only thing you fetch here is fun!"
76561198231773228,Recommended,248820,19752735,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Axel,"Ive played this game for 7 hours now and ive got to say its really good. There are multiple characters for dif play styles, lots of items and fair gameplay."
,Recommended,248820,20096161,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,dek,i liek rain
76561198212466656,Recommended,248820,20046537,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Th3Zer0,I havent played much of this game yet but it is amazing. The characters are well made and are balanced and theres someone for every persons game style to play.
,Recommended,248820,20043153,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,spamelanderson,"""Roguelike"" is a term that gets slapped on basically everything. That being said, I don't really care what this game is described as, because it's fun as hell:- Incredible music- Tight controls- Rewarding unlockables- A lot of replayability- Pretty darn difficult"
,Recommended,248820,12197043,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,SeriousBug,"Good soundtrack and gameplay. Quite fun, rather difficult as well."
76561198065819805,Recommended,248820,12164573,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Guitarbeard,"Risk of Rain is one of the most original, fun, and challenging games I've ever played. You owe it to yourself to buy it."
,Recommended,248820,7713054,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,MatticusLong,Great fun!
,Recommended,248820,12181159,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,gromenawer,7.5/10This is a rogue like with single and coop. Amazing that Chuckelfish manage to make combat so versatile in this game but at the same time so boring and linear at Starbound. Step learning curve that reminds to FTL; take time to learn how to play and don't get killed.Personally I don't like that you can make everything right and still die a lot. And some of the classes seems quite difficult to play and manage to beat the game. Which come back to the issue that the game relies too much in luck rather than ability.
,Recommended,248820,12181972,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,deadBeaf,This game is amazing.No other way to phrase it.It's just amazing. Don't hesitate to purchase it.
76561198075538312,Recommended,248820,11979814,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,๖ۣۜPrism,11/10 harde but so cool
76561198122784158,Recommended,248820,12040628,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Mr. Shade,Fun game! Gets intense after a bit...go quick!
76561198145256641,Recommended,248820,12041277,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Poet_Troll,"The best things about single-player video games are in Risk of Rain. It is a challenge. Yet the game isn't throwing nonsense at you just to kill you. You gradually learn how to play better. Each time you play, the levels are slightly different, so you'll have a reason to come back time after time. The awesome cherry on top of this banana split is its killer tunes.You won't find a better game for ten bucks."
,Recommended,248820,12022280,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,bry142,Kill Aliens. Save the world one level at a time.
,Recommended,248820,12042596,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Powtato,Great gameplay and music; would play again
,Recommended,248820,12045149,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,zelbubuth,"This is a very fun and addicting rogue game.  Challenging, but always able to unlock something else to change it up a bit."
,Recommended,248820,12046209,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,l000babyseals,"Hands down one of my favorite rogue games I've played in a long time, with the random spawns, item drops and ways to purchase items, there's so much replay value to be found. Special mention to the soundtrack which I can only describe as phenomenal. I can't wait to see where the company goes with future releases"
76561198003019082,Recommended,248820,12028529,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Nadsozinc,"Steep difficulty curve, but pretty fun once you get going. Surprisingly deep combat with all of the items and abilities, definitely not just running around and shooting."
,Recommended,248820,11173389,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Tetragrammaton,"This game is Frantic, the level difficulty rises steadily with time. Which balances out because you're constantly killing and leveling up. As you kill you also recieve gold wich can be used toward getting powerups that stack indefinately, leaving you with  a massive number of passive and active ability combinations. You start with a consistant and set class for each playthrough and are urged to keep moving until you find the teleporter. Then you get to the boss fight, i've only beaten the three level one bosses."
76561197963176342,Recommended,248820,8449170,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,.asura,I love this game way more than I probably should. I love the art and the gameplay is loads of fun. Great music too.
76561198016522807,Recommended,248820,12059006,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Pvt. Lawkz,great gamelots of content to unlockmultiplayer recomended
,Recommended,248820,12064523,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Deeoh,"This is AMAZING game, it is a must play for everyone"
76561198055439557,Recommended,248820,11268920,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Prince,"Okay so this game is okay. But, beware of annurisms and prolapsed anuses in anger of its glitcheyness. For instance after battling my way through 6 levels at 3 in the morning and beating all but one stage of Providence the final boss my character derped out in the cutscene and couldnt move. Providence then proceeded to have his way with my poor little bandit. His pants around his ankles I could not move and could reach my life alert in time to save myself the excrutiating pain that is dying after 45 minutes. Yes the game is fun for the first 30 but dear God once you put in 45 minutes it sucks balls to be murdered by a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who holds you down and restrains you from fighting back. I am informed that this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥also has AIDS. Thanks for the rage sleep and AIDS Providence. If you ever make it to the final level and fight him defeat him with extreme predjudice in rememberence of me."
,Recommended,248820,11269128,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Pick Yer Poison,"When it rains, it pours"
76561198016643754,Recommended,248820,9062969,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,A Squire of Gorgonia,"Easily one of the best games I have played in a long long time. Graphics are gorgeous, the gameplay is addictive and challenging, and there is a wealth of replay value. I give it my full endorsement."
76561198110043336,Recommended,248820,20049405,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,FAT AS FUCK BOI,This game is great it has so much replay value and it needs way more attention.
76561198072196840,Recommended,248820,20049730,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,LupusSanguinem,"Fantastic game. Has many great features mostly being the difficulty, the amount of characters, and local co-op. Buy full price, I guarantee you will like it."
76561198065745857,Recommended,248820,20062786,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Omar,"Only good with friend, feels empty without."
,Recommended,248820,20062914,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Χ Ξ Σ,Probably one of the best soundtracks and platform games with replayability and somewhat enough difficulty.Great time killer and fun game for local play.
76561198110244709,Recommended,248820,19687826,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,symmetric8,"WARNING, you need 2 monitors to play this game!!!!It was just a black screen with music on my laptop until I plugged in a second monitor and then it worked fine on my laptop screen.I r8 10/10, would plug in a second monitor again"
,Recommended,248820,20258362,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Pechblende,"Nice game, lots of fun in co-op mode.Enough characters playable to fit your gamestyle, from long-range/one-shot killer sniper, to melee/blood-thirsty beast.Also playable over and over again, experimenting different characters with different weapons, game options, artifacts, difficulties, and of course with your pal.But, fact is that the co-op mode is not really well made and has some connexion problems, which you may use hamachi to fix."
76561198035707258,Recommended,248820,22489166,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,TrafaglarLaw,"This game is fine solo, but it is nearly a must to play with friends. Playing with friends is fun, but prepare to die...a lot...over and over...heart-wrenchingly."
,Recommended,248820,16514298,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Huey,"OverviewRisk of Rain is a rogue like survival game that gets harder as time goes on. It is easy when it starts, but as you level up and reach more stages, it gets insanely difficult. There are 5 different stages you get to by killing bosses and activating the teleporter. Then there is a final boss at the end.OpinionsOverall a pretty decent game. The gameplay is well done, and there are lots of unlockable charactors, items, ect. that add to the replayabillity of this game by alot. You can also unlock artifacts that add more challenges to the gameplay which further increases replayabillity. The one downfall of this game is the multiplayer. There are no dedicated servers which makes it a pain to set up. Even if you manage to set up a server, I get constant connection issues. This game is good for LAN parties and that is about it for multiplayer.RatingsGameplay: 5/5Replayabillity: 5/5Multiplayer: 2/5Value: 4/5Overall: 4/5ConclutionI want to give this game a 5/5 rating, but the multiplayer is just really garbage at the time of writing. On the value side, for $10, im slightly leaning towards a no, but for the usual sale price of $2.50, this is a steal."
76561198175070577,Recommended,248820,22507932,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Xenous,.....................................................The rain is a lie775/399
,Recommended,248820,22447510,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Luke,"I love this game - great design, lots of different playstyles to experiment with... I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,248820,22443281,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,chaz,"Incredible game, but maddeningly hard.Ya know in the movie After Earth when Will Smith says everything on this planet has evolved to kill humans? And you wonder why that would make sense when humans have only been away from Earth for a thousand years and how could the animals evolve to kill something that wasn't even present in the same ecosystem? He was actually talking about the planet in this game.Risk Souls 2: Prepare to Cry Edition"
76561198028638121,Recommended,248820,22466167,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,dog,when the ♥♥♥♥ will they update this again
76561198032320293,Not Recommended,248820,21686579,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Riceman,i think its a good game but one thing that i can not forgive is that i stayed up all night getting everything and the next day when i went to play all my data was gone the characters and all the items so if you buy this game always be prepared because you could spend all your time on it just for every thing to be deleted
,Recommended,248820,21694933,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,rmanjr,Likes:Items are compounding on your abilitiesIt's very smooth runningThere are numerous kinds of enemies and toughnessesYou can play multiplayer coopIt's very hardWell worth the moneyDislikes:It can be crazy hardThe character can be hard to see from time to timeOverall I recommend buying this game right now!
,Recommended,248820,21620411,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Blackbeard,"Victory will NEVER feel as good as when you beat your first game...Until you noticed you barely made it on ""easy"""
,Recommended,248820,21831694,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Turtle OS 10,"""You die in a hilarious pose"" - Risk of Rain, on your death.Risk of Rain is a roguelike platformer that escalates in difficulty the longer you play. You play as the only survivor of a cargo ship crash on a hostile planet, hoping to survive long enough to escape. Standing in your way are lizardmen, giant crabs, living flames, and all sorts of other monsters. On your side, you have your gun and your wits.That's not quite true. You also have the contents of the crashed cargo ship scattered across the planet. Every area comes with chests you can spend money to open. These chests contain items that can give you extra health, the ability to deal critical hits, and other effects to even the odds against the endless waves of enemies that will stop at nothing to murder you.The core gameplay is simple. You start somewhere in a semirandomly generated area. Your goal is to find the teleporter that will take you to the next area. Kill the monsters that spawn to gain money and experience. Leveling up increases your stats, but money allows you to open the chests and operate the shrines that are scattered around the map for items, as well as activate drones to aid you im combat. When you activate the teleporter, you are given a countdown where you must stay alive, as the boss of the area and even more enemies spawn around you. When the countdown is over, enemies stop spawning, but you still have to kill every single one left before you can move on to the next area. When you do, all your money is converted to experience, so there's no rushing the next map for chests right out of the gate. You have to survive through five areas before you get the chance to enter the final map and face the final boss, but you can continue looping back through the five areas as many times as you want (or survive through, at least).The items you receive are random. Sometimes you run into machines that allow you to choose one of three, or ones that spin a roulette that stops on your cue, but for the most part, you aren't given much choice in what you pick up to help you. It may be the experimental drug that increases your attack speed, or the ukulele that adds a chain lightning effect to some of your attacks. Other items are activated manually, stopping time or granting you a shield of invincibility, with a cooldown between uses. As is standard for more modern roguelikes, there are persistent unlocks for completing certain tasks, increasing your item pool for future runs.The big draw of the game is the fact that the game gets more difficult the longer a run gets. Indicated by a dificulty meter that ranges from 'Very Easy' to 'HAHAHAHA', more and stronger enemies spawn the higher the difficulty gets. Even if you've filled the meter by 40 minutes, the difficulty still increases beyond that. At the higher difficulties, even bosses spawn on their own, without the prompt of a teleporter activation.Enemies also come in elite versions. Marked by a noticeable color change, these elite enemies have added effects, like increased health or explosive attacks, and gain more as the difficulty rises, like shooting homing missiles, healing nearby enemies, or teleporting directly to where you are.There is also a difficulty you can choose at the start of the game: Drizzle, Rainstorm, or Monsoon. Depending on the mode you choose, you may start with shorter or longer teleporter countdowns, along with slower or faster difficulty scaling, and minor adjustments to enemies. Of course, Monsoon rewards you for playing on a higher difficulty with increased chances of unlocking cool stuff, whereas Drizzle prevents you from unlocking anything besides items and doesn't even record high scores.Anything you kill outside of Drizzle mode has a chance to drop a monster log, which gives insight into the backstory of the game and the survivor's thoughts as they fight their way through the planet. Meanwhile, every item you've picked up can be viewed in the Item Log, with details of their effects and a little letter attached to each one. You did crash on a cargo ship, after all! Reading the Item Logs gives you a peek into where the items were intended to go, often with a little dark humor.You're given 12 characters to unlock on your runs through various methods. Every character comes with a set of four skills, which range from invincibility-granting combat rolls to just swinging dual pickaxes around like madman. Every character favors a different style of play, like the Huntress who excels at kiting, or the close-quarters Loader.When playing on Rainstorm or above, the maps can be generated with a hidden area and a puzzle to unlock Artifacts. These Artifacts can be activated when you choose your character, changing the way the game works. There is one unique Artifact per map.Find Honor in the Desolate Forest and face enemies that are all Elite!Bind yourself to Kin in the Dried Lake and be swarmed with armies of only a single type of monster!Fall victim to a Distortion in Damp Caverns and lock yourself out of a random skill every minute!Face your enemies' Spite in the Sky Meadow and watch them all drop bombs on death!Become as fragile as Glass in the Ancient Valley, dealing five times the damage with only one-tenth of your health!Find a mysterious Enigma in the Sunken Tomb, locking you to an activated item with a random effect every activation!Gain the power of Sacrifice in the Magma Barracks, making enemy kills the only way to get item drops!Take Command in the Hive Cluster and choose the items that drop!Fill yourself with Spirit in the Temple of the Elders, making everything run faster the lower they are on health!And if you can beat the game with all of them active at once, you will be rewarded with Origin, a sinister Artifact that gains the attention of the teleporting Imps that will invade periodically to kill you.Final rating: 120/120 seconds, kill remaining enemies!"
,Recommended,248820,21826699,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Unprogrammable,Very easy to pick up and play for a few mintues or a few hours.
76561198034821918,Recommended,248820,21508136,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,LuckyBudz,"In my opinion this game is a good on off time killer. It's difficult, the different characters to unlock and their differing play styles keep it interesting. It's a very fun retro feeling platformer that still has originality. Recommended to a friend, he loves it way more than I do. 9/10"
,Recommended,248820,21524351,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Equinox21,Holy crap... love this game and spend entirely too much time playing it!
,Recommended,248820,21734902,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,ToastyK2,;(
,Recommended,248820,8441974,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,erikps,Awesome game that gets harder an harder whilst you get better and better.For a challenge get this game.
,Recommended,248820,8442328,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Not A Snarky Commie,"I love this game. Fast paced, many unlockables, funny occurances, and near infinite replay value. 5 stars. 10/10."
,Recommended,248820,8442390,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,XGonnagiveit2ya,This is easily the 2013 game of the year. It just continues to show how unimportant graphics are compared to gameplay and designer creativity.
,Recommended,248820,8442817,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,TFFrienderman,Awesome game
76561197998651855,Recommended,248820,8442894,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Tarantula,US Weather Forecast Simulator 2013 is the best game of all time. Hope you have friends.
,Recommended,248820,8443609,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,blubox,Fun little action rogue-like.  Do yourself a favor.
76561198067688006,Recommended,248820,8443857,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Fire Crotch™,Awesomium
,Recommended,248820,8444392,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,SleepyStar☆,Supremely hard 2D Roguelike game that has many awesome classes. Worth the full price.
,Recommended,248820,8444641,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,FunkNinja,"Risk of Rain is an awesome, rogue-like pixelated adventure game with cool little people all with different abilities. It is a lot of fun especially if you have friends to play it with you, because gets kind of lonely playing it by yourself."
,Recommended,248820,8444699,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,& Knuckles,"It's a game you'll definately enjoy if you a) Like classic graphics,b) Like hardcore games,or c) Like games that have you owned.Quick."
,Recommended,248820,8445432,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Saul Goodman,"Great game. One of the best rogue-like titles this year, very addictive."
,Recommended,248820,8445555,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Desert Stargazer,"Risk of rain is a great addictive game that has a rough like elements where you only have one chance to complete the game each run, which can extent to a couple of hours or more. The game can be difficult at 1st, but easier to master. The focus is on shooting more than jumping or plat forming. I recommend this game for its simple mechanics and its enjoyable experience."
76561198041443315,Recommended,248820,8445617,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Veragoot,ITS SO GOOD
,Recommended,248820,8446185,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,say892,"Minutes to learn, hours to master. This game gives so much replayability, it quickly gives you your moneys worth. With no two identical playthroughs ever, it makes every game interesting and fun. With tons of items, quests, and classes; it's super easy to get addidicted. Be warned, once you start playing, you might not be able to stop!"
76561198028716768,Recommended,248820,8446213,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Wamp,"Probably my first or second favorite game of 2013. It has a nostalgic Metroid feel, and a soundtrack I would buy even if I had no idea what Risk of Rain was."
76561198049328236,Recommended,248820,8446327,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Live Bait,THIS GAME IS TRASH I WOULD RATHER SPEND TIME KILLING MYSELF THAN PLAYING THIS GAME
76561198077085644,Recommended,248820,8469715,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Pepe Silvia,Game = Spectacular
,Recommended,248820,8454872,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Just fucked my PC,"Ridiculously small, ridiculously good music, ridicoulously crisp sprite art and the entire thing can be summed up with more made-up superlatives than a Roald Dahl book. This game sounds like, was, and is, genetically engineered to be as addictive as possible.Fast paced, frantic fun."
,Recommended,248820,8470271,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,MrWes,Absolutely love this Action-Platformer game. Best I played in a while!
76561197988547445,Recommended,248820,8470444,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Zeromus,This game is super fun.
,Recommended,248820,9146003,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Is It Worth It?,AWESOME
76561198039867536,Recommended,248820,9146017,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,MC MoneyBuckets,"Risk of Rain, is one of the  most replayable / easy to get into games ive ever played. Even though im only 6.8% through with it, I think it will be a game I play all the way through. 9/10"
76561198049795452,Recommended,248820,9146717,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Chocolate Rain,"Risk of Rain is a very fun game and I personally belive it was worth the money. But if there is anyone getting this for multiplayer co-op: BEWARE, it hasvery bad multiplayer issues as it is very complicated to set up a server port. So i would give this game a 8 out of 10 rating ONLY BECUASE of the sole reason that it's co-op is difficult to set up."
,Recommended,248820,9360000,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,TroutAmbush,"I friggin' adore this game. Part side scrolling action platformer, part roguelike akin to Binding of Isaac. Randomized items, perma-death, difficulty scaling with time, unlockable classes and items. A very challenging and fulfilling co-op bro-op game."
,Recommended,248820,9360721,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Redlum-X,Great co-op experience. Excellent music but at times a bit slow - Especially the later parts of the games if you have massive amounts of mobs. But highly recommended!
,Recommended,248820,9364493,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Girthlord64,"This game is really awesome. You like a game where you can get a bit challenged, and spend some time with this art of a game! buy it now!"
,Recommended,248820,9365224,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,NanoXIV,"Fun and very addictive, the action gets faster, harder and better the longer you play! IT'S LIKE SEX!!!! but with GUNS AND MONSTERS!!!! IT'S ALSO FRICKEN MULTIPLAYER!!! WHICH MEANS MONSTER GUN SEX WITH UP TO 3 MORE PEOPLE, THAT'S RADICAL DUDE!!! The price makes it worth it. BUY THIS GAME IF YOU WISH FOR FAST HARD MONSTER INFESTED GUN SEX WITH FRIENDS!!!"
76561198076170692,Recommended,248820,9368535,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Moyenne,"Amazing game. Difficult, but extremely fun. Worth every cent. Going to enjoy every minute of this game, and with the constant updates, who knows when the game will lose its entertainment value."
,Recommended,248820,9372152,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Absinthe,"An excellent title for anyone who enjoys platformer hybrids, a punishing yet rewarding challenge, collecting useful items as well as achievements, or explosive battles against massive hordes of alien creatures."
76561197999563192,Recommended,248820,9373543,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Marduk,i love this game
,Recommended,248820,9376594,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Jimmy's AI (Bot),pew pew pew
,Recommended,248820,9377775,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,moltom26,Amazing game! Very fun but can get VERY enraging very quickly. It will make you want to quit and throw your keyboard at your screen.... BUT! It's a very entertaining game and concept. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT!
,Recommended,248820,9381230,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Methisto,this game is super fun.. first time i enjoied a perma-death game... and the buffs are exciting as hell
,Recommended,248820,9261288,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,JinFreaks,"If you enjoy Rouge Likes, looting stuff to get stronger and killing loads and loads and LOADS of Enemys then go for this game. Fun and enjoyment for days guaranteed.If a game needs to have a deep story and meaningfull character development for you to enjoy then this game is not meant for you."
76561198033985223,Recommended,248820,9264933,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,cueballstu,"This platformer has got some really nice pseudo-retro pixel graphics.  Plus, you can play it with your friends!"
,Recommended,248820,9266394,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,freshly poured lean,"It's hard to get bored with this game. All the characters have their own special tactics that are unique and take some time to hone. I always have a great time testing my luck on a shrine, or going for one more item, or all the other risks you will end up making along your playthrough that can drastically affect your end result, especially early-game.I really enjoy the multiplayer aspect, even though there are some things that still need to be tweaked for it to be a more enjoyable experience, such as how when someone dies in a previous level, they stay at the same experience level they died at. This causes a lot of issues, but that's the point of the game; death is the ultimate foe, and you need to do all it takes to ensure your survivability.The achievements range from♥♥♥♥♥♥easy to rock-hard in terms of difficulty, and anyone who gets 100% in this game is an absolute monster. Gameplay is always the same core concept, but the difficulty increases in staggering amounts quickly. Once you think you're unstoppable on Normal mode, go into Monsoon and you'll go right back to feeling like you are garbage. While there is always some randomness that affects how any run will go, a large majority of the time, death is your fault. It makes you want to go back in and use your four skills more effectively to dodge the hits at the right times, and put out massive damage.The pixel art, while a bit too common for indie games, is quite pretty. Visuals are impressive, and I always enjoy seeing how artists keep pushing what they can do with the craft.The music is so amazing and fits every stage it is played in perfectly. It puts you into a certain kind of  trance, while you try to desperately dodge all the elites that have just spawned in front of you, and you need to survive for 15 seconds more...I would not hesitate to buy the OST for this game.Definitely pick this up. Updates are coming out for minor bug fixes, new elements to gameplay are being added, and it's easy to just pick up and play for however much time you have, whether it's a few minutes or a few hours."
76561197996389907,Recommended,248820,8490118,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,felirx,Good fun for around 26 hours of playtime.
,Recommended,248820,8490770,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,W1ns1ow,"Good Game, Fast and Fun with a party."
,Recommended,248820,8477037,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Polygon Strike,"Traditional rogue-like mechanics with a perfect execution, + multiplayer is neato!"
76561198088494689,Recommended,248820,8804057,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Ignis_09,"Even if the game graphics don't make you want to play it ,the truth is that the game is very fun and hard at the same time because when they said the more you play the harder it gets ,for me it wasn't so bad.......until I played the game and gotta tell you ,never played a Pixelated Game so hard before ,TOTALLY RECOMMENDP.S.You will f#cking hate the last boss ,I reached three times there and died the three times..."
,Recommended,248820,8804481,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,iErik4,"Oh my god, the amount of fun to be had in this game is rediculous.  Grab a friend and prepare to grind.  For maximum hilarity, complete around 25 levels in one run before fighting the final boss."
,Recommended,248820,8804679,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,DogeSenpai,REALLY awesome game where you kill bosses and it gets more difficult the longer you spend.
,Recommended,248820,8804767,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Knight of Rem,"EVERYBODY TRYING TO KILL YOU ON AN ALIEN PLANET: THE GAME. Some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ in a poncho and a disco hat blew up your wacky♥♥♥♥♥cargo ship that looks like one of those fancy chandeliers, and now you (as one of several various passegers of diversive vocations) must survive on the planet below and make your way back to the ship. On the way you'll collect various wacky items that were being transported on the ship in order to be empowered enough to survive. Can you make it in a world where everyone wants to♥♥♥♥♥rape you to death and defeat Providence, Rhode Island and go home? And even if you do, will you ever be the same? Play this random♥♥♥♥♥action roguelike and find out!"
,Recommended,248820,8805245,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Kpiddy,"One clear in, and I'm having the time of my life.Risk of Rain can start out feeling unfair. Enemies seem overpowered, and items can appear useless. The first few games I played felt ridiculously hard.A full game lasts about 40-60 minutes. However, most games end around the 20-30 mark, where the game really tests to see if you've been prioritizing and collecting the right kinds of items. Make sure you've got some time to dedicate to this one. Winning depends on getting in the flow, and learning how to kite and dodge your enemies.Give it a couple goes. After you get a lucky streak of items, I guarentee  you'll be starting again, craving that magical experience where you were breifly allowed to be the hunter, not the hunted.Winning can feel a bit dependant on items, but roulette items, stores, and teired chests help increase predictability. I was always able to get 2 or 3 ""Great"" items per run without much trouble.If you've got a friend, play with them. It's much easier to manage groups when you have some class variaty. Just make sure you don't rob all of their items.The game's a bit rough around the edges. Framerate drops when adding and removing input devices, as mentioned in the readme. The game's last level can be very taxing on systems. However, the core experience is too much fun to give this one a pass. For 10 bucks, I can't say no."
76561197995279876,Recommended,248820,8808514,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,DoctorXero,"This game is frustratingly, absurdly hard.Also endlessly replayable and probably the first good game I've played in a year."
,Recommended,248820,8810538,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Canada on Strike!?!,"The game is very fun and addicting, I'm recommanding to PLAY THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,248820,8812228,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Lehr,Fun game to play with friends :)
,Recommended,248820,8816662,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,DarksteelThopter,"If you like action platforming shooting with some difficulty and rougelike elements splashed in there, then this is something that deserves a look.Risk of Rain is a simple yet satisfying game.Storywise, you crash land on a strange planet and now must survive and find a way back on your ship using the teleporter placed in each world.You pick a character with four skills. Then you gun down baddies and constantly augment yourself with items you find on the field, all the while the enemies become stronger over time and begin appearing in overwhelming numbers.The goal is to find a teleporter somewhere in the world and survive a countdown and a boss fight, in which upon completion you teleport to a new world where you repeat until endgame. Each world has its own visual theme and often its own set of monsters to fight.However, upon death, you have to start over, no items collected during your past playthrough are stored or saved so its back to square one (rougelike kicking in).There's tons of items to unlocked and the characters themselves have interesting skill sets.Each feels and plays differently than the others.The game is a blast, even more so with its multiplayer. Its where things get really interesting.No regrets.9/10"
,Recommended,248820,8818563,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Kriltos,"quite tricky ! nice challenge to battle with, Cant say ive played with anyone else yet but i can imagine that its just as good ! highly recommend if you enjoy old style, side scrollers"
,Recommended,248820,8824040,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,FreeMe,Lots of enemies.  Lots of chaos. Lots of explosions. 4 Player Multiplayer.Buy this F****** game.
,Recommended,248820,8825138,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Menthos,"This is an amazing game! I stumbled upon it after playing Starbound for a while and getting interested in the publisher (Chucklefish). When i saw this little game I was not sure if it would really suit my taste, but after looking at some of the review I had to buy it. Oh boy, that was a terrible decision. After suffering from sleep deprivation for the first few days and having nightmares of lava worms and giants I am still addicted to the game!It has been one of the best games I have played in a long time. It is insanely fun and you can play it for a long time. I sincerely hope they continue to update this game, as it has an incredbile amount of possibilities. But even as it stands now, it is one of the best games I have played so far.Everyone who enjoys fast paced tactical side scrolling action has to buy it. Anyone else, well, they should also buy it. The complexity of the game is well hidden beneath an easy interface and simple controls. Nothing is in your way and, with a little bit of time, you will soon be able to master even the more trickier things.This is definitely an incredible game that still keeps me glued to the screen for hours."
,Recommended,248820,8788581,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Waste Man,This is an amazing well-made roguelike. What sets it apart from others is the massive amounts of item drops and the uniquely designed characters with great skill sets that synergyze well and offer a wide variety of playstyles.
,Recommended,248820,8825954,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,UNCLE TOUCHY AND THE CREAMY BOIS,"Nice platformer/roguelike/shooty mcgoo.Makes you feel like a man. Awesome music, sprites are well done, and just all around great game."
,Recommended,248820,8827542,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Katbus,Such Game. Very Good. Wow
,Recommended,248820,7795118,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,TheTunnahAddict,"very fun game that is worth the money, you start out with one character (the comando) who is pretty fun to play as and you can unlock 9 more through playing the game and completing certain task. same witht he games items you find  there are alot to star out with but you can unlock a whole lot more by completing character specific challenges and achievements. example is with the commandos challenge to dodge 7 lethal attacks. this is a game where time=difficulty , which means you can stay around and gather all the chests with the items to help you at the cost of the game being harder in the next level or try keep the difficulty lower by finding and activating the teleporters as soon as you can. one last thing i would like to mention is that the item screen from the main menu has descriptions for every item that you find and they are fun to look though , the bestiary also is a fun thing to look at. game has alot of replay to it and i highly recomend it , i hope my words have convinced you"
,Recommended,248820,8832246,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Baderpa,"Fantastic game that refuses to hold your hand. Learn the ins and outs of the 10 unique charcaters, and try your hardest to survive. I picked the 4 pack up on a whim and I have to say that this game is a blast with friends. Definitely worth your time if you enjoy games with rogue-like elements. Tons of replayability to be found in unlocking new items and characters. Word to the wise- don't play on drizzle, you'll pick up bad habits."
,Recommended,248820,8689849,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,toxicghost,If you don't mind getting wet this is for you.
76561197961937367,Recommended,248820,8689860,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,neur0,"Really great.Thought it was totally chaotic at first but once the controls are down and the patterns are familiarized then it gets easy. However, it does get progressively harder and it's more of a mind numbing good time platform shooter. Don't expect to get too emotionally attached."
,Recommended,248820,8690141,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,CrystalDave,This game is great. Platformer roguelike-like; it's basically Teleglitch + Binding of Isaac.
,Recommended,248820,8692371,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Herr_Dobermann,"A VERY nice rogue-like game, that keeps you interested to play again, and again, and.... highly recommended"
,Recommended,248820,8693632,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Kaizenx,"Great game, loving it"
76561198008900699,Recommended,248820,8694420,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Ironcobra,"Good fun. A multiplayer MUST, if you like ""roguelikes""."
76561197989109202,Recommended,248820,8704066,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,badfish,this game is sweet but you have to use the mouse to start a new game.  I'll try dying less.  :)
,Recommended,248820,8706828,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Ad Massive,"A well balanced, very entertaining roguelike. Get a few friends together and watch the hours role by while you attempt to not get stomped by the RNG and mobs.The difficulty increasing as real time goes by is a great mechanic that adds a lot of tension to what could otherwise have become a grindfest.Controls are robust but I found it difficult to use with the keyboard ones, my progress became a lot easier to reproduce and further with a good gamepad.Give it a shot!"
,Not Recommended,248820,8708518,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,SnydeWytch,"This game looks amazing. I only wish I could play.  When I start up the game it begins with 60 FPS, but then slowly drops lower, and once I actually get into the game it runs somewhere from 5-15 frames per second.  I googled the issue and a lot of people are having the same problem, I am surprised there aren't any other reviews on here about it.  If anyone has a fix please let me know, really want to play, really want to give a positive review.  But I can't if I unload 9.99 for a completely unplayable final product."
,Recommended,248820,8709190,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Jo with an E,This game has a very high replayablility in my opinion. Was definatley worth my money. Even though it does get framey at parts but otherwise its pretty smooth going.
,Recommended,248820,8709872,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,clipsolo,Awesome siderscrolling roguelike. Music and sound absolutely amazing as well as the content. Soo hard but soo accessible. Graphics look good and have a heavy retro-wibe. What's there not to like? Metacritic under 80s is a joke. This oughta be in the 85-89 bracket.
76561198020807312,Recommended,248820,8710278,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Seth Vortu,"Game is working perfectly and after thoroughly playing it (no where near to 100% but one full play through) and I can say the game is amazing fun and I say it is certainly worth playing.Movements are like old games. Side scrolling and jumping about. The game gets incrementally harder to the point of brutallity. I'm guessing it's best played coop but can be done solo. It is very dependant on getting the right items early to support you through the game (infusion is a big one) and then you need to aquire the correct items to empower yourself to overcome the later sections of difficulty. It is very luck based, but you also need to know what you're doing.Overall; if you can get the game working perfectly it is definitely worth the purchase. GREAT game."
,Recommended,248820,8698001,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Robert_Gordon,"if you like retro games, then this game will sate your thirst for all things 8-bit, and with extra crunch to boot.Equal parts sidescrolling platformer and blood-pumping action with a ludicrous amounts of powerups with enough diversity to make Mario cry.If you want to play a beefed up riot future policeman stranded on an alien planet with the ability to stop time, shoot missiles by the dozens and shoot lightning from his fingertips, all the while desperately fighting gargantuan magma worms and towering lizardmen for dear life. then this game might just be what you need. Especially if you need to meet your quota of death and destruction."
,Recommended,248820,8700058,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Ryantacus,"This game takes skill and is very rewarding. The art style is awesome. There's tons of ""replayablity"" because there's a lot of difficult achievements that are required to unlock items in game. My only beef is that some of the melee characters aren’t very good and very difficult to beat the game with."
,Not Recommended,248820,8700426,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,grenlan,"Game play is somewhat fun, but the multiplayer is a hacky mess to set up. I was really looking forward to playing this with friends online and having to use a vpn etc to do so is silly and annoying when every other developer includes a matchmaking service in the game itself."
,Recommended,248820,8701348,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,bizo,Such a fun game.  Unfortunately multiplayer requires quite a bit of effort to get rolling.  Has local though which works fine.
,Recommended,248820,8549157,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,The life of waldo,great  game would play for long time
,Recommended,248820,8555514,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,lucid,11/10 soundtrack and insane replay value. Buy this game.
76561198019620684,Recommended,248820,8571937,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,MagmaGuy - MateCraft,You're going to die. I've never managed to even get to the last level on the normal difficulty.Amazingly fun.Only downside is the hilariously low resolution messing up the steam overlay.
76561198056057257,Recommended,248820,8572197,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Jagazaar,"This is simultaneously the most satisfying & frustrating game I've played in a while. It's an excellent rogue-like sci-fi arcade-y platformer/shooter with RPG elements, difficulty which ramps up over time, and 4-player co-op. The soundtrack is fantastic. It will also make you throw things in rage while simulataneously whooping in joy. Very, very highly recommended. Now excuse me while I ram my face into a wall for a while. :trazz:9/10"
,Recommended,248820,8688940,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,broHOAGIE,"Fun game, extremely repetitive though."
,Recommended,248820,8689105,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Dufftruck,"Absolutely fantastic game. Singleplayer, multiplayer, whether it's for 5 minutes or 5 hours, this game just runs the gamut of awesome."
,Recommended,248820,8681791,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,The Hollow Derp,"Awesome ""8-bit"" experience!- Play with different characters!- Local and online multiplayer. or simple singleplayer- gets harder by the time.8/10first playthrough and it was amazing!-Derp"
,Recommended,248820,8601031,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,gus,"This game is great, it's got fun mechanics, interesting enemies and items, fun bosses and awesome levels. The best part is that the ukulele doesn't tell you what the ♥♥♥♥ it does and you have to guess."
76561198037339437,Recommended,248820,8685983,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,JackSaw,"Great combat with a lot of random items you can get that help you in some way, most of which are very interesting and fun to have; that said the few that are not can be a buzz kill when you keep getting the not-so-interesting items, but this does not happen very often and it is a game made to be played over and over again with different results, so it is not a very big flaw and the only one I can think of at that! Great game."
76561198052332008,Recommended,248820,8686462,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,manimarco321,Yo ♥♥♥♥♥es this game be great.
76561198065142553,Recommended,248820,8844955,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Swiffle,Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay!
,Recommended,248820,8845237,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,AbeClancy,
,Recommended,248820,8848431,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Drinkfist,Great Co Op Rogue-like. Has an awsome soundtrack to boot. Be prepared to die a lot before making any goddam progress. Its your own fault you suck so bad.
,Recommended,248820,8848939,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Osterberg,Really good game! Worth every $! XD
76561198070675670,Recommended,248820,8849265,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Awsol,This is one of my favorite rougelikes the game is diffrent everytime increasing replay value. 5/5
76561198038044973,Recommended,248820,8745500,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,dragtalon,Very fun game but hard i suppose thats y people play it.
76561198001665381,Recommended,248820,8745931,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,The Thrifter,This game is more addictive than that really addictive thing you know of times like one million.Ten outa' Ten would buy again.
,Recommended,248820,8746337,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Mossy Rock,"Risk of Rain is a great action/platforming rogue-like game. As time passes enemy spawns get increasingly chaotic. Use your skills and reflexes to shoot your way to the warp portal, defeat the boss and head to the next level."
76561198095420568,Recommended,248820,21994998,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Szechuan Speedboy,"Best ""Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥where the ♥♥♥♥ am I even?!"" simulator i've ever palyed"
,Recommended,248820,22122634,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,comrade_cylon,"Wonderfully difficult and fun game. After nearly 50 hours in the game as of writing this, I still have more to unlock and no end in sight for my enjoyment of it. Whether sitting back with a controller or playing with a keyboard, Risk of Rain is a wonderful Roguelike.I do wish there was mod support, DLC, a sequel.. just something more. That's how much I've enjoyed it. I want more. Lots more."
,Recommended,248820,22113615,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Thucket Bucket,">You will die>You will wish you had any of the other characters>You will see your little brother get farther then you>You will then die of ""heart attack"">You will then write a poorly writen review of this game>You will then realize that there is that you don't care about this game or the review you wrote>You will then go into a life of football, and having a life>You will then remember this game>You will then play this game again>You will read this again, as it depicts what happens when you play this game again>11/10"
76561198091424511,Recommended,248820,19404596,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Painty The Pirate,"*Turns on glass, plays sniper*I don't think there was an enemy I didn't one shot the entirety of that gameBut on a serious note, buy this game. Then throw your keyboard on the ground in anger because the game is impossible. Then burn the keyboard. Then scatter the ashes, so that the restless spirit of this game will never haunt you again.But on a serious note, buy this game."
76561198072423973,Recommended,248820,22135518,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,LigtErFlUiD,it's metroid with co-op and better wepons
,Recommended,248820,22075880,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,UB,"got it for 2 bucks on sale, quite a steal"
,Recommended,248820,22072385,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Mobgoblin,"Here's a rough estimation of how your runs will break up:57% of your runs will end with the game crushing you into the ground and laughing while it turns your head into an amorphous paste.1% of your runs will end with the gameTRYINGto kill you, but you succeeding anyway for some inexplicable reason and beating the final boss with 15 items and 5 hp to spare.On 2% of your runs you will luck out, and the game will stop, sigh, and transform itself into Steam's equivalent of an escapist novel.40% of your runs will do this forcibly through use of the Command artifact.8/10, would cheat again."
,Recommended,248820,21883825,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Impaler118,"This is an amazing game and i still love it after owning it for about one year now. Though it sucks that this game has been abandonned by the developers because i feel that there could be so much more added to this game for example; new items, bosses, monsters, characters and achievments. If the developers put the soundtrack for this game on steam i would buy it because this game has some of the best music in it that suits it perfectly.Would reccomend."
76561198067611335,Recommended,248820,21858115,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,sashassin,Pure awesomesauce. Perfect for couch coop as well as online play! Worth the full pricetag of 9.99 for sure but grabbing it on sale makes it a must have!
76561198067777386,Recommended,248820,21944721,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Tʜᴇ_Dᴀɪʟʏ_Hᴇʀᴘ,I die fifteen minutes into the drizzle difficulty. Would overkill again.
,Recommended,248820,21917023,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Sho,"Real good. Multiplayer is a lot of fun when its not ♥♥♥♥ing up, but otherwise real good.Get it, its pretty cheap compared to a lot of other stuff on steam."
76561198170220230,Recommended,248820,21877999,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Winston,"I love this game. Great soundtrack, great gameplay, great atmosphere. This game strikingly stands out against the masses of bland, souless AAA games on the market. I cannot recommend it enough."
76561198074847184,Recommended,248820,21879996,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,sometimesentient,"Risk of Rain is one of the most compelling games I've ever played - it wrecks you just hard enough that you want to keep playing. To anyone who's afraid of the game because they know they'll get mad at it, stick with it; you eventually stop being mad when you die. You will die. A lot. It's natural.This game is for anyone who likes platformers, shooters, impossible games, retro games, and just about everything else except rhythm gaming.Wait...you mean the game has great music, too?!Yep. It's for everyone. :')"
76561198050456772,Recommended,248820,18805551,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Chris1488,Warning: Bring an umbrella
,Recommended,248820,22290208,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Gamsy,"I was looking through my library of games on Steam to see which one I've played the most, and Risk of Rain takes the cake. I've played this game 40% more than my second most played game. So, I figured, it deserves a nice review from me.I bought Risk of Rain in a steam sale (like everyone does) a while back when it was something like 75% off. I was honestly just looking for something I could pick up and play for a few hours and then probably never touch again. Despite the positive reviews I had quickly skimmed through, I still was skeptical because I've never liked a single rogue-like game besides Binding of Isaac. In most rogue-likes, once I die 5 or 6 times I usually rage-quit and never play it again. But when I booted up Risk of Rain, I was immediately blown away. The first thing I noticed was the music. The music from the first levels is always very mysterious. It got me to feel just as curious as the character I'm playing as is supposed to be. What planet is this? Who was that guy that crashed the ship I was on? What am I supposed to do? Then, as you progress through the levels, the music picks up as you become more and more determined to reach the end and escape this harsh and hostile world!The game has a lot of replay value.First, randomized items and enemies (unless you have certain acquired artifacts turned on).Second, decisions. In Risk of Rain you decide whether to kill more enemies for money to open more chests, or go straight for the exit. And the balance between the two is still something I'm figuring out after having played for over 130 hours. I should also add that the mechanic of having to wait 90 seconds for the transporter to turn on while a high influx of waves come at you (including a boss) is AWESOME and creates many tense moments.Third, length of the game. The game is just long enough that you don't feel helpless as you try again and again, and beating the game is feasible.Fourth, character variety. The only thing I think you could complain about is also the one thing I happen to like about the game. That is, the characters are not balanced at all. Some are much easier than others. I personally find the huntress to be the easiest to beat the game with, as she can run and shoot at the same time, making it easy to kite enemies. And then I find the sniper's abilities to be really tough to master, and Acrid's melee abilities are hard to close-in with without taking damage. I think that this actually adds to the game. You may find other characters easier depending on your play-style, thereby making more options to present yourself with different difficulty levels.All in all, the game is great. I highly recommend it, even at full price. It's a fun game you can get into, play for a bit, leave, and pick back up again the next day. I've been addicted for a while now, and I don't get tired of it. The music's very fitting, the graphics are pleasantly simple, the game-play is thrilling, and no two attempts are the same. That sinking feeling you get when you know you're about to die after how far you've come is absolutely the worst, and keeps me motivated to get better."
,Recommended,248820,22294137,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,randomnessSlayer,"I like this platformer. It's difficult at times, but it's not detrimental.The main downside is the fact that is hasn't been updated in a while and crashes randomly."
76561198259992811,Recommended,248820,22293204,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Cynothus,"When you get further in the levels, So much crap goes  on, all you can do is keep firing and hope you hit the ridiculous amount of monsters rushing at you. It took a while to get the hang of this game, even in easy mode, but eventually you learn to to master the murderous mobs. Genius items that do a variety of stuff, wide selection of character choices that you unlock as you go on, and really despicable enemies. This game is one of my favorites.Play it.NOW."
,Recommended,248820,22148134,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Deadder,"Very neat time-waster. Very slow at the beginning... but later on, hard, entertaining, fun."
,Recommended,248820,22156648,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Mateus,"I have yet to get past the second level, but difficulty aside this game is well worth it. Though it may not appear to be much at first glance, there are many different characters to play as (though unlocking them may prove as difficult as the game itself!), procedurally generated levels and TONS of powerups. The learning curve is fairly low, the keyboard controls are simple and can be customized, the graphics are simple yet aesthetically pleasing and the replay value is high. Definitely worth paying full price for, but if you see it on sale and enjoy side-scrolling shoot-em-ups then do not pass it up!"
76561198239194662,Recommended,248820,22154815,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Jap god,game is great fun if have friends to play with. it is an all out 10/10 game love it wish they would add more stuff to it
76561197993129221,Recommended,248820,8648478,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,WashingTRON,"This retro masterpiece game is supremely fun. It's always challanging, and has tons of unlocks and best of all, the experience changes every time you play it. Multiplayer could have been a little easier to set up but after we downloaded Hamachi (online virtual LAN software) and it was a breeze from there. I highly recommend this game!"
76561198079979311,Recommended,248820,8649518,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Treer,Awesome game!
76561198000679397,Recommended,248820,8649635,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,MaxBourne,"it is a really fun to play, kinda old-school 2D shooter, that can give a lot of fun in muliplayer mode."
76561197972557116,Recommended,248820,8651580,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,[LaF] Evilwiz,"I have only played it a couple of times but omg you have shown me how much I miss games like this.  I got the four pack for myself and friends, we are all enjoying it quite a bit.  Only thing is that we wish it was a bit easier to get the multiplayer to work without needing direct IP addresses and opening ports on the router, other than that good job."
,Recommended,248820,8651673,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Buckeyes614,Amazing pixel art and the soundtrack fits this game perfect. This game is very fun with friends.
,Recommended,248820,8651727,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Hismooth,"Very, very fun game with cool mechanics and an achievement-based unlock system. With unlockable characters who have different abilities and gameplay styles, the devs have truly outdone themselves with this game."
76561197993251934,Recommended,248820,8651755,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Elazore,"Super fun. Really good to pick up, play for half an hour, and be done."
76561197961153306,Recommended,248820,8652451,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Schraer,Simply classic addictive RPG action.
76561198055046573,Recommended,248820,8652858,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,[1294]Jekkins,"A typical cargo run goes wrong and you crash land on an alien planet. Much to your dismay you are not met by freindly ewoks but hungry lizards, crabs and all other sorts of magma excreting worms all out for your blood. Survive as long as you can and you are rewarded with insulting quips upon your death. This is still the most fun I've had on a game for ages. Well worth a try (and the bandit is the best)."
,Recommended,248820,8653272,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,non,Fun.Hard as hell.Very satisfying experience.Despite how hard it is I still want to go back in and beat it again.And again.And again.AND AGAIN.10/10
76561198029452387,Recommended,248820,8654621,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Snurf,"Real Quick:  This game will gnaw at you like a good game should, challenge you, tease you, and most definitley reward those who push on to see all this game has to offer.Rogue-like, class-based, 2D shooter/adventure/metroidvania, progression-based-awsomeness."
,Recommended,248820,8654754,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Cethyrion,"Risk is a great game alone or with friends. although it can be hard, that's part of the fun, and you'll find yourself playing it over and over. It has a lot of unlockables so you have goals other than beating the game. Also if you find it to be to hard, there are difficulty settings so you can set it to your liking. definitely worth ten dollars, especially if you have friends to play it with"
76561198104535559,Recommended,248820,8626425,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Viable Wig,"Great game, chuckle fish op"
,Recommended,248820,8626734,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Jensen Ackles,SImple design with an addicting grind-game with a perma-death consequence that will have you coming back for more. WARNING: So fun that you will lose track of time.
,Recommended,248820,8626817,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,SirLordEsquire,"A+ game really enjoying this so far, The only bad thing is that the learning curve is high and that it gets hard real quick but apart from that its great and its well worth the purchase"
76561197985344791,Recommended,248820,8627848,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Kier,A quick playing side scrolling rougelike. Works well with a controller and is even better when played co-op.
76561198120584437,Recommended,248820,8628223,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,cthulhu18,great game loads of killing tons of varibles to keep it new and fresh all the time only problem i keep running into is the mutiplayer i cant find a game or make one and im still too green to pc gaming to get myself past level one so if anyone can tell me how to get coop up to double or even quadruble(?) the fun. again great game only problem is coop. help? thanks!
76561198081042230,Recommended,248820,8629149,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,giantsfan611,This is an amazing game
,Recommended,248820,8629807,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,yossarian832,"a great game if you have an hour or so to kill. steep difficulty curve at first but highly, highly rewarding."
76561197983432651,Recommended,248820,10217564,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,malladram,"This game is fantastic , great Local-coop! challenging and yet not impossible!"
76561198044127376,Recommended,248820,10213295,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Velociraptor Jesus,Yes its an amazing game that is completely amazing.
76561198111920926,Recommended,248820,10484726,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Mr. Cockburn,Get this if you want gameplay over story. 10/10
,Recommended,248820,10487383,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,gustavo,"funnest game ever, get it now."
76561198072395570,Recommended,248820,10488490,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,DarkBladeFX,"I recommend this game for anyone who likes platformers and survival games, worth the money."
,Recommended,248820,10645033,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Archduke Of The Highbears,"The difficulty really does scale rather quickly, but dont let that scare you away. the game is well worth money for a fun, challenging game with alot of replayablility"
,Recommended,248820,10646026,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,uAc iNfO,I liek my games hard.
76561198055489996,Recommended,248820,10647282,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Navy Cat,Pros:-Very fun and addictive-10 classes for replayability-Nonstop action-Monsters are varied as they are dangerous-Very diffucultCons:-May need hamachi for multiplayer
,Recommended,248820,10647378,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Doom,hodor
,Recommended,248820,10648453,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,DANGEROUS ZOMBIE,"I've always been a fan of Rogue-likes after picking up Binding of Isaac a few tears back. This game is no exception to the greatness that is Indie-Rogue-Likes. Initially upon playing it, I had to get acquainted with the controls (both Keyboard and Controller), then I found myself getting used to the Commando. I found myself loving this game more as soon as I tried the clunky, yet powerful Enforcer (my first build was 12spooky1me).The soundtrack is something that sets the mood from the level you're on, but if you have a better playlist, I'm sure it would set the mood a lot better. My only gripe is need to unlock/have certain characters in order to dominate the playing field in regards to puzzles, but it's nothing that makes this game an actual turn off.9/10 would Enforce again."
76561198011858033,Recommended,248820,10648641,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Satellite Kite,Death incarnate simulator. 11/10 Would recommend again.
76561198066389149,Recommended,248820,10648652,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,PennyLowe,"Be prepared for sadness and happiness with this one. The game is sometimes awfully difficult if luck has it out for you; likewise, it's sometimes nice-- to start. The game's difficulty is definitely one of the factors that keeps me wanting to play it. It's one of my favorite multiplayer games and can be one of the most challenging games."
,Recommended,248820,10649563,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Shiloh,"Risk of Rain, is in my opinion, one of the beast indie rogue likes of the year, if not of all time. It pulls the nearly perfect synergy of random generation and unforgiving no save, one life, one go playstyle of the rogue like genre. The game's system of level progression and mob spawning is unforgiving and difficult, but is insanely addicting. Also the character selection gives a wide variety on different playstyles to fit you in particular, while still keeping the game interesting if you would like the challenge of switching up your particular playstyle. The random generation of chest items and boss items makes each run nearly unidentifiable from the previous. The only quip I have with this astounding game is the lack of random generation in the levels. There are normally 2 different ""terrains"" on each level and each ""terrain"" has about 2-3 different generations. Unfortunatley after your 10th or so time through the game, the level design becomes easily identifiable and stale. Nonetheless, this is still an incredibly addicting, satisfying, and frustatingly difficult game to spend hours on end mastering. 8.5/10"
76561198071898307,Recommended,248820,20887036,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Crusaderjak,"Amazing game, wish it had a MP feature without having to use 3rd party applications though.."
,Not Recommended,248820,20799633,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,MikegeoMerkel,"well, the reason why i bought this game is both cheaper and  top-sell. but when it is fist time that i start off this game ,the bug came into my view . a hero(i donot know how to call him) was falling through floor all the time . i was weird to look at this scene. beyond my expectation, that is just beginning.this game is not interesting at all .there was no fun which got me to explore further experience .above all, it just cost me 9 rmb , i also hardly believe this author keep this game running and fix its bug .so i just played it a few minutes and got out of it ."
76561197973528453,Recommended,248820,20908918,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Road to 0k,You want a platformer?You want style without distracting detailsYou want humour that shows they enjoyed coding and testing the gameA test for all controller capable agesThen this is for you(s).. just remember .. when it rains .... it pours.... HAHAHAHAHA... ded
,Recommended,248820,20863597,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Kazuli,2dank4me
,Recommended,248820,20863937,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Thot Patrol,"On behlaf of the Crappy PC Group, I would like to congratulate Risk Of Rain, to be a game which most crap PC's can run! Thank and you good night!"
,Recommended,248820,20864325,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,cappotain,YOU BUY NOW
76561198097041937,Recommended,248820,20862287,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Soon™,"This game will kick your♥♥♥♥♥until it falls off then make you eat it.Most of the characters are pretty neat, some are pretty lame.The items are all cool and useful until they're not.The difficulty system is cut-throat as hell and punishes you for wasting time.8/10 would recommend."
76561198150286670,Recommended,248820,20886493,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Allen,"Do you like casual games made for casual people? WELL TO FLIPING BADPLayed for first time ""oh this is cool,WTF IS THAT A WORM MADE OF LAVA??!!!""Oh and the item description for the red whip being sent to an elderly home,""I know exactly why you want this,Never tell me""Isnt that funGreat game get nowOh yeahmore than 10 charcters to unlock"
76561198018435795,Recommended,248820,20886649,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Hello Oblivion,7/10 your hand will hurt
76561198173098078,Recommended,248820,21065510,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Full_Metal_Aggron,"The game is very interesting to say the least and I meant that in a good way. It has up to 4 player local co-op so I just hit up my bros and we played the heck out of this game. If your looking for a good co-op I recommend it. It has online too but ha ha, I have no real friends to play this game with, so I just play with my brothers."
,Not Recommended,248820,21066542,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Remagamer,"While I'm well aware this game is held in high regard by many, I can't figure it out. I can only get to level 3 on Very Easy, and by that time I am outgunned to the point of running from everything. I just don't understand how to play it, I guess."
,Recommended,248820,21068542,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,heretic <mute medic>,"Very fun platformer. Lots of ""perks"" to collect and upgrade your character during a playthrough. One of the things that attracted me to this was the fact you only get 1 life. This means that it will take time to hone your skills to get to the last boss. There are 6 stages to play through but they are random in design."
76561197994373939,Recommended,248820,21060525,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,PedroMTQ,"Great game, however I'm running into a major problem.As I advance into the game the FPS start dropping as each stage goes on. In the later stages I'm playing at slow motion for most of the time. Then as I reach the final level I get the same problem. And let's not talk about the final boss.... The game outright froze and to keep it going ( as in see a frozen image of what was happening) I had to pause and resume again.Then when I'm at the final stage of the boss the game ♥♥♥♥ing crashes.... if the game wasn't so fun I'd be ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥...But please do fix these fps problems... Even though my character is the chosen one I don't actually care much for playing in slow motion..."
,Recommended,248820,21111320,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Voscyllate,"Fun and punishing gameGameplay is one of those ""simple to learn, hard to master"" types. The starting character is fairly good and easy, but unlocked characters get more challenging. The game is incredibly frantic, as the longer the game goes, the harder it gets. Run fast, kill stuff, don't stop moving.Co-op is implemented in a strange way. If you are looking to play with a friend, use LogMeIn Hamachi or another similar program to simulate LAN. This method does have hiccups at times, even with fast internet, but allows co-op with friends.Bottom LineFun, fast-paced, and addictive. Buying it is a no-brainer if it's on sale."
,Recommended,248820,21112636,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Hirumes,i need more games like this
,Not Recommended,248820,21095985,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,east boast,Binding of Isaac meets TerrariaAll the visuals and premisesNone of the pizazz
76561198166879556,Recommended,248820,21076884,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,HeroicShadow,Holy hell this game is good.And hardcore.And you have to play it for an hour to beat the final boss.I definetlly recommend.
76561198003623914,Recommended,248820,21083874,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,dustin.td,awesome! Such a high quality game.
,Recommended,248820,20923430,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Clever Faux Fox,"Looking past the difficulty ""Rogue-like"" games can bring i've actually had a lot of funs with local co-op. The difficulty in playing the multiplayer can be a headache in itself as you'll have to do some on your own end to get it up and running but overall when you get a round where everything starts to just fall into place the sense of achievement is awesome. So if you think you can handle the randomness of not quite making it each time it becomes pretty fun in the heart of trying for it."
,Recommended,248820,20923964,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,HAMSTERSTORM,"Very solid roguelike, with enough variety to bring me back over and over, and I'm not even a fan of roguelikes.5/7, would crash on a hostile world again"
,Recommended,248820,8908742,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Monochrome,"The Rpg Elements are Well Placed and thought out, it is definately a feeling of a roguelike rpg.the mechanic of a difficulty increasing with time has you applying various tactics in getting to the end quickly before difficulty increases or powering up to defeat the enemies easily at the risk of difficulty increase, a different way from many other time-based arcade games that adds a new dimension to the players playstyle."
76561198061322342,Recommended,248820,8915104,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,domonart,"Awesome game! Dumped a lot of time into RoR and well worth it, lots of fun."
76561198032694743,Recommended,248820,8916259,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Clouded,"Put simply, this game is amazing."
,Recommended,248820,9065810,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Roommal,"EASY TO LEARN, HARD TO BEAT, FUN TO PLAY"
76561197991400133,Recommended,248820,9066247,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Pink Wizard,"This is the perfect game if you just want  short match of fun. You are about to go to a family dinner but your wife is taking her bloody time? (No pun intended) Then just fire this baby up and you'll be able to waste those 10 minutes or so instead of staring into a wall. Or you want to play for an extended period of time, bring your friends and you'll play for hours! Exploring and advancing through this beautiful world and gathering cool passive and active items. You can go around as a robot engineering coward who only uses bots, or even a cowboy with missiles shooting out of your back!I rate this game very good. I would never pass if a friend asked for a match."
76561198067692156,Recommended,248820,9066529,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,yac,"Awesome game, (more than) worth the price."
,Recommended,248820,9066546,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Krokodil,One of the best pixel platformers around
76561198042005391,Recommended,248820,9066899,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Gokuboi,"this game is fun though it is hard thats what makes it really fun. when playing it can get repetive but each time you play is diffrent and each person is unique. if you have played dark souls you know the feel of going through an area and feeling like ""omg omg omg im so dead i cant win these fights OMG the boss he looks so haard im dead"" and then you when you beat that boss you feel so good since it was so hard thats what this entire game feels like to me. pepole can say its bad but they really have not given it  a chance like how all the negtive reviews have not even spent an hour in this game.  i mean if your going to bash something then atleast play it first. but back to the topic ROR is a great game worth getting even if u dont have friends to play it with it is still mega fun esspesicaly when you get into later levels and your just a storehouse full of items killing everything in your path"
76561197987030214,Recommended,248820,9066922,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Pyro93735,I'd buy it
,Recommended,248820,9066985,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,gReen sAuce,Many pixels. Such wow.
,Recommended,248820,9067038,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,fancy portion,"Risk of Rain is good fun. If you liked The Binding of Isaac's general power progression design, but:* don't like TBoI's Smash TV-alike gameplay (which would be a sad fact about a person, but understandable) and instead prefer a side-scroller with guns* don't like your game to be about abortions, wearing your mother's brassiere, and finding money in poop* thought TBoI's signature hand-drawn visual style was a bit hi-fi for youYou're probably in the market for Risk of Rain."
76561198030364266,Not Recommended,248820,9067393,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Apotheis,"Warning. Just because it says you can Co-op, doesn't mean you'll be able to. This game is both amazing and insanely aggrivating at the same time. The lather rinse repeat arcade style is fun the first five times as the same characters, then it loses all luster. Buyer beware, only purchase on sale, because full price is too much."
,Recommended,248820,9061114,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Levin,"This game is freaking awesome.  It feels like Super Crate Box, as far as controls go, but with much more depth and much more cruelty.  You have to strike the right balance of running for the teleporter and searching for items, as the difficulty increases with time, not position or equipment progress.  Recommended for fans of sidescrolling shooters, roguelikes, etc."
76561197985289513,Recommended,248820,9067639,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Nick Rudos,Great game!
76561197960712124,Recommended,248820,9068568,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,atrioom,One of the best platformers I have ever played. This game is an inspiration on many levels. The balance between fun and difficulty is yet to be found at the big players in the industry. Top 3 of my list of reasons why Indie productions are to be favoured and deserve much more attention and credit.
,Recommended,248820,9069669,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,troglodyte,"This game is quite fun, albeit challegning and, at times, a little bit confusing. But, the confusion is an important part of the game's style. It encourages multiple replays in order to fully unlock everything, and has a deep and informative guide for various in game items and monsters (like a pokedex) that updates each time you access something for the first time or collect a log book. The dev definitely invested time and effort into creating an immersive and enjoyable experience, while at the same time challenging and aggravating. You will die."
,Recommended,248820,9069691,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Gemmellhoopla,Its great!
,Recommended,248820,9069717,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Goath,great
,Recommended,248820,9069974,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Marshall Bravestarr,"Excellent game. Requires quite a bit of time to unlock everything, but its worth it."
,Recommended,248820,9069992,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,callannn,This game is like Satan's♥♥♥♥♥♥level hard. Fun though.
76561198117650986,Recommended,248820,8895229,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,iarch09,"I beat it and all I can say is, this is a great game to get addicted to I haven't even scratch the surface,unlocks galor,crazy mobs,I can't wait to try that sniper class!update: I Love this game!"
76561198046550366,Recommended,248820,8942669,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Über,"Get it. ""But i dont like platformers"" ♥♥♥♥ YOU, BUY THIS GAME NOW. BUY IT OR GOD WILL GIVE YOU SUPER MEXICAN AIDS"
,Recommended,248820,8160014,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Scipione,ur dead LOL get rekt
,Recommended,248820,8943275,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Satheleron,Fun
76561198100500807,Recommended,248820,8944706,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,woo man,great game fun to unlock all the items and lors recommend it but pretty hard
,Recommended,248820,8944783,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Agent9,fantastic and adicting. prepare to die and die some more. prepair for you to die within death and one more time over. the unlockables ranging from more characters to items you'll have a blast as you attempt to unlock everything this game has to offer. each character is unique and has their own strengths which makes playing different characters fun.
,Recommended,248820,8950263,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Dokromi,"Risk of Rain is a really hard, but amazing game. I play a very healthy amount of roguelikes and this game has quickly taken my heart. If you like Roguelikes then you will love this game"
,Recommended,248820,8950487,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,amfinwat,its prtiyy neat yo like pow pew boom shooty but dont let you die bcoz then ur ded and the big jellyfish can steal yo money so nono die or you ded ok 10./10./
,Recommended,248820,8418404,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Se7en,"Holy crap this game is wicked.  Buy it, buy it now while its cheap totally worth the 7$"
76561198037480751,Recommended,248820,9059215,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,mnemonic,"This is an awesome game. If you could see pass the graphics, it is really fun. Reminds me of Another World or ABUSE but easier and at the same time hard as well. Definitely no regrets in getting the game. :)"
76561198029527751,Recommended,248820,9059250,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,ConvoBreaker,"Fun, but hard if you're playing alone, also, getting characters that require a specific enemy to spawn don't always spawn on all participants games. Also, some graphical errors, and surprisingly hard on computers, just because of the sheer number of enemies on the screen at a time. It also has some near impossible achievements for those hardcore people out there, and tons of things to collect on your adventure. 9/10"
,Recommended,248820,9059295,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Chipp,this game is great it has a ton of items to get and also many enemies to kill and big ones at it.
,Recommended,248820,9059669,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,kitezero,only in this game can i live out my fantasy and actual dream i had of crash landing a space ship with my great white buffalo then to fight monsters inside and outside to finally be able to repair the ship and return home. but this time i dont wake up in the end.
,Recommended,248820,9059776,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Mercurial,"Get it. It is amazing and addicting, a true action roguelike.100% worth it, especially on a sale."
,Recommended,248820,9059933,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Gaijin,OH YEAH
,Recommended,248820,9060019,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,bukkarooo,"This game is fantastic. If you're a fan of Roguelikes, challenging games, or action platformers, you'd do yourself a disservice to pass this up. The controls are tight and finely tuned, the characters are varied and interested, as are the items. The art style, in my opinion, is fantastic. That's not even to mention the incredible music.This is a difficult game, and takes some time to learn, but deaths never entirely feel like BS. They are your fault. You messed up and you can do better next time. Incredibly addictive, and lots of ""one more run"" scenarios.I adore this game, and can't recommend it highly enough."
,Recommended,248820,9059937,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,shodan2020,Really great sci-fi platformer with roguelike elements and a massive loot table. Incredible music and so much fun to play with others! Pretty tough to boot.
,Recommended,248820,9060208,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,EZPZ ®,"This game is super awesome... just wish i hadnt bought 5 COPIES for me n my friends like 3 days before the sale. Oh well, still an amazing concept and artful game."
76561198123164190,Recommended,248820,9060358,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,███Tardrette███,fun game so addicting but so hard man.
,Recommended,248820,9060554,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,ƬHЄ MƠƦƦƖƓƛƝ,"You will die. ALOT. There will be table flipping, brick sh!tting, and self worth contemplating while you play this game. 10/10 would buy another IKEA table thats covered with neatly arranged home decor magazines and a couple of unlit candles just to flip it over in anger and frustration. 11/10 The bitter irony that I will stub my toe just before I do it."
76561198009478839,Recommended,248820,9060777,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,The Dark Knight,"If you are even thinking about getting this game, get it, you will enjoy the hell out of it. The game is magical in motion."
,Recommended,248820,9060810,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Magnum Dong,"An amazing game so far, played it with a friend before and liked it. Its got it all, action,shooting,scifi, ect."
76561198026744763,Recommended,248820,9060814,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Rotato,its good.
,Recommended,248820,9060866,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,[SoW] The Camera man,Risk of Rain is a game about survivalThe story is not that great but that really doesnt matter when you're ♥♥♥♥in♥♥♥♥♥♥up.5 stars10/10GG GET REKT OTHER GAMES
76561198020937602,Recommended,248820,9060873,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,[BNC] AKIL-R,"Great game coop or solo, Fun & simple with high replayability!"
76561197992664510,Recommended,248820,9060892,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,RedCaff,Every bit as pulse pounding fun as running for you life can be.  Till you get a bigger gun to chase them with.  Until they get bigger...  All to some fantastic grooves.  What more could you ask for?
,Recommended,248820,9060894,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Decimal,"Takes a little bit to get into, but once you do, unbelievable value for a great game!"
,Recommended,248820,9061218,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,I am bread and part machine,"I bought this game on sale, mostly due to the fact that I happen to like the pixel-kind art style. And for $6, this game was a steal. It's addictive, challenging, and most importantly, fun. The soundtrack was magnificently done. I usually don't care for video game OST but this one was immensely enjoyable.I feel like I should say that when I say that this game is challenging, I mean it's really hard. Think Dark Souls if it had taken a few steps back."
76561198028721484,Recommended,248820,9109665,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Kiwi,"An addictive, and abusive game that will have you frustrated, and wanting more."
,Recommended,248820,9110367,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,nosrettO,Organised chaos. That is all. Now buy it.
,Recommended,248820,9111271,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Natewithan8,"Good fun game, must have, Survive waves with all ur friends.So fun to play with friends totally worth the money"
,Recommended,248820,9111359,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Tuna Sub,if you like the binding of isacc you would love this game.
,Recommended,248820,9113384,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,ChRoNicBuRrItOs,Very fun and easy to kill some time. Definitely recommend.
,Recommended,248820,9057928,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Hallz,"One of my favorite rogue-likes - Risk of Rain has very exciting gameplay, tons of unlockables and gives you every reason to try again after dying. I am a huge fan of the rogue-like titles that focus on unlockables, as it keeps the game feeling fresh each playthrough as well as providing extra replayability. I highly suggest this!"
76561198071882170,Recommended,248820,9124025,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,ghozzt,Incredibly addictive. This game gets my competitive edge going...I just dont wanna die!
,Recommended,248820,9124478,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Smelly Smell That Smells Smelly,"Great Game! Very Fun, Fast - Paced, and CO-OP! I do have one issue: when my computer goes on sleep mode, or the screen turns off to show my screensaver, the game closes. Can't Figure out how to fix this, but the game is very fun, especially with friends!"
,Recommended,248820,9125573,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Kapz,You like shoot things pew pew giant worm!  Now your dead repeat 7 times get good items win and play again!Unlock characters boom co-op no friends play this but still fun time!Randomly outrageous layout quick play dead play again dead play again!
,Recommended,248820,9125599,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Microsoft Excel,"Great game, worth the money, however its a bit laggy on my laptop 13fps and everything turns into slow-mo :?"
,Recommended,248820,9129257,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Paraddox,Awesome stuff :D
,Recommended,248820,9129988,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Thym,"A fun time waster that grows in difficulty and complexity the longer you survive. Cool ideas, wonderful music."
,Recommended,248820,9115207,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Swirmir,Swigety swoogety bring me the Legendary Spark.
,Recommended,248820,9115820,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,American Bird,dis♥♥♥♥♥♥cray
,Recommended,248820,9116562,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,VeritasNumquamPerit,"Great rogue-like game, low price, many chars to unlock, items etc."
,Recommended,248820,9116671,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Ġ1 ♦ Daddy Synth,"Literally the most brutal and challenging game at first and very frustrating, but then it gets so much fun and makes me so hard every time i play. pls."
76561197966558357,Recommended,248820,9116715,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,sinsro,"Great game. Hard as a nail, but very rewarding. Would not hurt to make the difficulty level increase a bit more smoothly, now once you reach the second level it jumps quite a lot before you are really ready for it."
,Recommended,248820,9118578,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,slighty smaller obama,"This has to be one of the most masterfully created roguelikes I've ever played. If you're into pixel art, the look of this game is beautiful and polished beyond belief. There's a ridiculous amount of content in the number of items and classes there are to unlock, and the gameplay is just insanely frantic and fun every time. Risk of Rain is a game that you can play to satisfaction even if you've only got ten minutes until you have to stop, or if you've got hours ahead of you."
76561197962530351,Recommended,248820,9118726,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,st!cky,"I would recommend this game to anyone, it is fun, great music, enemies and plenty of power ups to find and dominate with! Add in the multiplayer and this game has some serious playability."
,Recommended,248820,9096707,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,ichigoarc,"This game is flipn' fantastic, with a awesome soundtrack. buy it now!"
,Recommended,248820,9103082,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Alastaircell,"Intense, insane and soul destroying. 11/10"
,Recommended,248820,9103407,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,roguetr,"Thoroughly enjoying this game. If I was in an arcade I would have spent a weeks wage, instead I spent $5 on steam. There's so much more I could say but it's 3am and I've just finished playing multiplayer with my brother. Good challenge, good gameplay and great atmosphere. The graphics are pixelart so will never date.Will be my go to game for a good long while."
76561198051088414,Recommended,248820,9104255,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Nathan Traveler,"I can't reccomend this game enough. Tight controls, a really cool difficulty = time mechanic, and a good variety of playable classes that you have to unlock. Get this if you can."
,Recommended,248820,9104621,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Mushroomking,this game is very fun but also extremly hard better to play with friends but solo is fun when you get more expirience from playing it
76561198052666020,Recommended,248820,9104819,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,admiral ackbar,Super sweet singleplayer. Endless fun. Can't wait to get some friends on for some co-op.
,Recommended,248820,9132072,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Kaisa,this is a game
,Recommended,248820,9132517,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,ketchupboi,"Absolutely fantastic little rogue-like game, takes the genre and adds something new with tons of different character classes, each having their own unique abilities. Very fun!"
,Recommended,248820,9077447,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Twisted Logic,TOTALLY WORTH
76561198013490721,Recommended,248820,9134212,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Nightmarish Reflection,"A very fun,but quite hard little game and well woth the price"
,Recommended,248820,9134312,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Bujeebus,"A multiplayer action platforming rougelike. Its alright by yourself , really hard to get far, but with friends the game gets way more fun, and you can really get deep into the levels. Grab some fronds and have some fun!"
,Recommended,248820,9134379,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,PartiiGhost,Very Cloudy.
76561198088047144,Recommended,248820,9137199,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Flying Cat,playing this game is serious business
,Recommended,248820,9138501,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,HI IM ETHAN BRADBERRY,So athmospheric! And so much content! I love it :D
,Recommended,248820,9081550,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Epople,IS GOOD.
76561198039111810,Recommended,248820,9082327,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,J-Shox,"This is a truly brilliant game. The constant factors of perma-death, strong starting enemies, and increasing difficulty over time give this game an oddly pleasant and challenging atmosphere. I'm not quite sure how, but it manages to prevent you from raging after losing, unlike a lot of other ""similar"" challenging games. The soundtrack is mind-blowing, to say the least, and I'm not usually a fan of music in games. The time vs. difficulty system is an intelligent design and works far better than I expected. Originally, I thought ""Oh, this is probably gonna end up too difficult for me to even play..."" but somehow, they made it work. The game is both challenging and enjoyable, which is a hard combination to successfully pull off. My ONLY problem with this game is a small one(more of a nit-picky kind of thing). Originally, I thought that the levels were going to be randomly generated... which they are.... kinda. The chests/containers, item-trade, and shrine locations are randomized throughout pre-made levels. I was expecting the TERRAIN to be randomly generated, instead of what populates it... as I said, this is more of a personal, nit-picky thing. HOWEVER, the random generation of features is still more than enough to keep you on your toes and keep things interesting. I HIGHLY suggest this game to most people interested in challenging/semi-challenging, non-raging, kinda-casual(oddly enough), exciting games."
,Recommended,248820,9083881,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Irish,"Over the Christmas break, this was one of my favorite compulsive plays. Something about it is just... just... good!"
,Recommended,248820,9083926,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Artwood,"One of those hardcore kick-your♥♥♥♥♥until-you're-better-at-it games. A continuous flow of challenges and unlocks means you'll feel like you're making progress with each playthrough. Really good at instilling that ""just one more game"" feel. Oh, and the soundtrack's phenomenal."
76561198071145337,Recommended,248820,9084009,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,ף,awesome
,Recommended,248820,9084458,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,HazyKingdom,"Incredibly addictive, simple to learn, but difficult to master.  Great depth in content and will probably keep you hooked for hours."
,Recommended,248820,9085098,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Zombie,"Excellent game, very fun and rewarding gameplay. Multiplayer requires Tunngle or Hamachi, fortunately you can find many who play this game on Tunngle. Singleplayer is fun, but playing with some friends is even better."
,Recommended,248820,8446984,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Paperclip_Tank,"Just beat it for the first time, It's worth the money if you're into rogue likes"
,Recommended,248820,8447489,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Goodman Grey,Buy it. Shoot things. Get items. Die. Repeat.
76561197963216793,Recommended,248820,8447636,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Tiger Millionaire,great stuff. buy it.
76561198072748811,Recommended,248820,8448497,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,EL RAIDISH,Def purchase this game 100% worth the money
,Recommended,248820,8449311,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,KittensGiveMorboGas,Absolutely amazing 2d platformer/roguelite with amazing pixel art.  Easily one of my top 5 games from 2013.
,Recommended,248820,8449555,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,himynameismatt,hectic fun
,Recommended,248820,8436470,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,CrysisX,"Really fun game! Very challenging and endless hours of gameplay. It's a good deal for only $6.69 right now!!! it's great fun in co-op as well. If you die early on you are screwed in co-op!!!! Also the difficulty gets even harder as time goes on, so you can't afk!"
76561198027292410,Recommended,248820,8450022,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Wankershim,"FUN rogue game , spend hours on just run and if i die don't mind it was all fair."
,Recommended,248820,8450053,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Bearin,Everything I've been looking for in a roguelike.It's so chaotic. So. Much. Fun.
,Recommended,248820,8450066,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,BigAssWalrus,"This game is extremely hard, and awesome! I recommend it if you are up for the challenge. It has high replay value and is definitely fun to play with friends. It requires tactics and a lot of skill to know when to fight, kite, tank or flee. There are a bunch of in-game and steam achievements to unlock. High scores, times unlocks as bragging rights if you are competitive with high replay value. If you want eye candy, you may want to pass unless you appreciate ""pixel"" like games. I'm more about gameplay than graphics because a game is nothing if it's unplayable and looks pretty. This game lacks in the graphics department, but in smooth gameplay, fun and replay value it bypasses a lot of other new fancy games out there today especially in quality."
,Recommended,248820,8450081,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,OK Gandy,Id definitely recommend lubing up before playing this game
,Recommended,248820,8450253,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Mecha,"Excellent game. Rogue-like with fast paced twitch gameplay. You unlock characters by completing different challenges in game and each of the characters have a VERY unique style of play. If the depth of the game worries you, there's plenty of challenges and a few different difficulty levels. The game can take anywhere from 5-45 minutes to beat but even beating the game a few times it will be highly unlikely that you will experience everything the game has to offer. I got it on sale for $6.69 but even at $10 the game is worth every penny."
,Recommended,248820,8450682,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Cranks,
,Recommended,248820,8451284,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,NinjaNate,Great game! Intense Boss battles all the time. 15 hours in and i still new things about the game. The music is has one of the best sound tracks I've ever heard in a long time.
,Recommended,248820,8452668,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,cookie,It's fun
,Recommended,248820,8452758,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,rum ham,"One of the best rougelikes ive played this year. Feels kinda like binding of isaac with the items and bosses, but completely different at the same time. It's intuitive, fun and the progression from no-items-weakling to item-toting-enemy-exploding-badass is addictive."
76561198039068542,Recommended,248820,8433194,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Washburne,Fun sidescroller adventure game.
76561198095921928,Recommended,248820,9049119,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Land Fish,"It's a great game, buy it. Play it with your friends, 'nuff said."
76561197987790131,Recommended,248820,9050696,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,krazzyk33,Amazing game! Play it!
,Recommended,248820,9050745,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,(Mixer.com) Navi Ilivas,"Where do I start with this one... Risk of Rain is a Roguelike with some small RPG elements thrown in there (Leveling up on enemy kills, which boosts stats minorly). This game is very unique in the fact that the longer you stay in a run, the more difficult it gets in scale. Every level you encounter is random, as are the items you can get in a run. There are a total of ten characters in the game, which adds to the replayability, but you have to earn nine of them by playing the game and accomplishing the corresponding in-game achievements.The good: The Replay factor is definitely there, making you want to get that much further than you did before. The Levels are well designed, as are the characters, granted this is an 8-bit game. The scaling difficulty is a very refreshing aspect in the sense of not wanting things too easy as you play.The bad: On older and slower systems, the game lags once you get past Very Hard Difficulty, dropping FPS down to around 15-20 depending on how old your system is. Controller support is a little weird in the sense of skill pushes, but is rather easily grasped once you get a hang of what button does what skill. Some of the items you need to unlock are rather difficult to obtain, especially some of the Character-specific ones (Enforcer, I'm looking at you on this one).Despite the small personal negatives, I would HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone whom is a fan of Roguelikes.As a part of the Attention Deficit Arcade Stream group on Twitch.tv, I give this game a 9/10."
,Recommended,248820,9054188,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,DeltaZX,"Love it. Takes a second to get used to, but once you have the hang of it its very addicting. Easy to play for over an hour at a time and once you get rolling you won't want to quit."
,Recommended,248820,9056008,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,PowerHead,This game is fun. All you do is run back and forth shooting things and trying not to die. As time progresses more enemies spawn and become stronger. It's a pretty fun game once you get into it.
76561198042546405,Recommended,248820,9056019,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Schnurrbart,Get this game.
76561198066038744,Recommended,248820,9056057,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Dircamonster,Amazing Rogue-Like very tough game with a steep learning curve but very fun
,Recommended,248820,9056152,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,ThePolygonHeart,Be prepared to become this game's ♥♥♥♥♥10/10
,Recommended,248820,9056163,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Skoots,"An amazing game, while still rather buggy in some ways it is actually very well designed."
76561197987808893,Recommended,248820,7930833,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Mutagen28,"I love this game. It is slowly taking over my life. It's what I think a hoard mode for a metroid game would be like. My favorite part is the music, it's amazing, a nice mix of electronic and guitar. I boughtthe soundtrack same day I got the game."
76561198014627883,Recommended,248820,9056281,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,The Anime Am me,"Just buy this game. Just do it. It will make you mad, it will make you scream. It will be worth it."
,Recommended,248820,9106270,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,oedaux,"An interesting game with a gorgeous pixel art style and chiptune soundtrack. A great risk reward system do you explore for longer and get stronger abilities and powers because this means the enemies get harder or do you confront the bosses as soon as possible and move on to the next level but risk it with only the base abilities but confront easier versions of the enemies. Whatever you do and whether you survive for 5 minutes or 50 its a fun time in a random procedurally generated world. Very little direction, lots of exploration and hundreds of different items with hilarious descriptions to augment your skills. Add several unlockable classes and the fact that you're never told how to unlock them and you have a great time sink of a game."
,Recommended,248820,9108190,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Zigi226,"the most addicting game i have played in a very very long time. I keep dieing, but for some reason i keep coming back to the abuse that this game offers. its worth the buy"
,Recommended,248820,9108202,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Powerful Padre,"Whoever decided ZXCV was better than QWER should have all of their fingers broken. Otherwise, pretty good."
76561198002595301,Recommended,248820,8862770,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Reckoner,"Great simple game. Easy mechanics to learn, yet hard to master. 9characters to unlock and around a hundred items to discover. Achievements are well worth it since they unlock devastatingly powerful items that have a chance to drop in the future. Co-op up to 10 players means insane synergy and teamwork is possible."
,Recommended,248820,8862904,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Ramond,Risk of addiction.
,Recommended,248820,8863301,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Cool Blue Link,Yes it's amazing. Get it NAO!I mean. it's endless fun and it's not unfair like most games. it just gets better the more you play it.
76561198071825968,Recommended,248820,8865094,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,SilkBarbarian,"I am a tough, muthaf***in bad*** with the strength of two and a half men and a history of mental torture... this game sent me to bed crying...Love the Pain!  <3"
76561198047582324,Recommended,248820,8865213,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,AToastyStrudel⑨,At no point did it rain 0/10 brought my umbrella for nothing.
,Recommended,248820,10553853,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Lord Booser,lel same
76561198076454385,Recommended,248820,10555565,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Billy Mayys Here,"By far one of the best inde games I have played! only played a handful of hours but well worth it! If you like rpgs mixed with sidescrolling than you'll love this. This game will kick the crap out of you when you get to higher levels, such a great challenge though!"
,Recommended,248820,10559545,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,HeartRange,Fun game if you don't mind the graphics and you like rogue-like games
,Recommended,248820,10583925,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Guantanamo Bae,"This is the game to buy for Roguelike fans who want a little more action.It combines the randomized levels and items, permanent death, and quick character progression of the roguelike genre with fast paced side-scrolling platformer/shooter mechanics.Like most Roguelikes RoR is short on story, but there are little bits here and there.  The opening showcases a sci-fi space freighter being demolished by a mysterious being, and various bestiary entries that can be found are written from the point of view of the PC which expound on the disastrous inroduction.Gameplay is definitely the showcase in any Roguelike, and Risk of Rain is thoroughly polished in that area.  Featuring 10 different characters each with their own suite of abilities, and an arsenal of 100+ items whose effects range from increasing your basic attack speed to infecting enemies in melee range with a damage over time toxin that jumps on death, replayability is essentially infinite.What makes Risk of Rain unique in the genre is a time system that drives the player forward constantly.  As time passes during gameplay, a meter fills in the upper right corner of the screen increasing the difficulty at certain points.  A player must balance time spent hunting for experience and items in each level with finishing it early before the next stage spawns insurmountable hordes of enemies, providing a tense atmosphere during each playthrough.Risk of Rain also boasts an excellent pixel art style, with expressive animations and distinct enemy outlines so the player can tell at a glance what they are facing.  A color-coded elite spawn system also mixes things up, also allowing instant recognition of immediate threats.The soundtrack is probably the most impressive aspect of the game, with a general exploration theme and boss theme for each level.  It is at once atmospheric and blood pumping, and should be left on when playing.Lastly, Risk of Rain also features online cooperative play, which can provide entire worlds of fun for a group of friends with a night to spare.All in all, Risk of Rain is a real gem and if you enjoy Roguelikes, platformers, or side-scrolling shooters it really should be a part of your Steam library."
,Recommended,248820,10584867,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Eyzlahn,Another awesome indie game! Love the music and the art! Has my vote.
,Recommended,248820,10585469,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Togec,9/10It's ok...
,Recommended,248820,10589812,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,DwNecrid,Super fun pew pew times!Have yet to play with a friend but should be even better
76561197965380791,Recommended,248820,10590439,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ezzahhh,"Great game, highly addictive"
76561198008053612,Recommended,248820,10590644,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Heisen,It's pretty rad. Any game where you can do sick flips to avoid damage is ok in my book.
76561198044751818,Recommended,248820,10590747,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,CPT_sMoKeR,"this game is so fun' with or without friends you will have a great time playing it trying to complete it and unlocking new characters, i highly recommand it"
76561198050924169,Recommended,248820,10590917,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Silvak,"Fast paced, chaotic, and original. If you like that combo... good for you, your hard to please"
,Recommended,248820,10591116,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Villainous Bun,"Bought  this game for 5 bucks, 10 minutes later it was 2.50Steam Summer Sale / 10"
76561198079105436,Recommended,248820,10591373,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Invictus<<AD>>,"Do you like dying? I didn't like dying...until I played THIS game. What other game gives you witty one-liners, like ""ur dead lol get wrecked"" and ""come back soon!"" It took quite a few tries to get the basic idea of how to play the game, but now I'm hooked. I give it a 10 for addictiveness. The retro look reminds me somewhat of Terraria, one of my all time favorites. I love the challege of starting all over when you die, so no playthrough is ever the same. There's a multitude of combinations for the items you find. And when the difficulty meter says ""medium"", that♥♥♥♥♥♥is HARD. Spend the chump change on this game and lose yourself in your own death."
,Recommended,248820,10591379,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,burningtrait,missiles everywhere
,Recommended,248820,10591706,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,A Shiny Bidoof,"Very addictive, fun rogue-like.  If you like binding of isaac, you will like this.  Unlocking new characters is exciting since they are all radically different from each other."
,Recommended,248820,10116824,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Dakarun,"Let me start off by saying that this is a absolutely fantastic game. I’ve found myself to continue coming back to this game after breaks and then playing it hours at a time. It’s a blast with friends and a challenge alone.The game is a ‘roguelite’. You don’t save inbetween levels and if you die that’s it. There are a number of different classes to choose from and three difficulty levels.  Each class needs to be unlocked (with the exception of the starting class of course) and they all have their own skills and thus change up the gameplay a bit. The game exists out of a number of stages and then the final level. For each stage there are two (if I’m not mistaking) levels, which the game chooses for you. To vary the gameplay there are 100 items that can drop, though most of them need to be unlocked. These items can do things ranging from getting health after kills, increasing your attack speed or creating ghosts of enemies when they die.  As time goes on the game gets more and more difficult so it isn’t a good idea to stay around a level and open every chest you find. There are also unlockable modifiers to change up the gameplay even more but you can find out what they do on your own.The soundtrack is absolutely fantastic (you can buy it here:on Bandcamp) and the visuals do what they need to. The biggest con of the game is the performance. I’m running an I7 920 and 5870, yet my computer never seems to get 60fps, even with the graphics settings turned down.Overall a great experience and you'll get your moneys worth if you like having a bit of a challenge."
,Recommended,248820,10116825,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Dakarun,"Let me start off by saying that this is a absolutely fantastic game. I’ve found myself to continue coming back to this game after breaks and then playing it hours at a time. It’s a blast with friends and a challenge alone.The game is a ‘roguelite’. You don’t save inbetween levels and if you die that’s it. There are a number of different classes to choose from and three difficulty levels.  Each class needs to be unlocked (with the exception of the starting class of course) and they all have their own skills and thus change up the gameplay a bit. The game exists out of a number of stages and then the final level. For each stage there are two (if I’m not mistaking) levels, which the game chooses for you. To vary the gameplay there are 100 items that can drop, though most of them need to be unlocked. These items can do things ranging from getting health after kills, increasing your attack speed or creating ghosts of enemies when they die.  As time goes on the game gets more and more difficult so it isn’t a good idea to stay around a level and open every chest you find. There are also unlockable modifiers to change up the gameplay even more but you can find out what they do on your own.The soundtrack is absolutely fantastic (you can buy it here:on Bandcamp) and the visuals do what they need to. The biggest con of the game is the performance. I’m running an I7 920 and 5870, yet my computer never seems to get 60fps, even with the graphics settings turned down.Overall a great experience and you'll get your moneys worth if you like having a bit of a challenge."
,Recommended,248820,10116826,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Dakarun,"Let me start off by saying that this is a absolutely fantastic game. I’ve found myself to continue coming back to this game after breaks and then playing it hours at a time. It’s a blast with friends and a challenge alone.The game is a ‘roguelite’. You don’t save inbetween levels and if you die that’s it. There are a number of different classes to choose from and three difficulty levels.  Each class needs to be unlocked (with the exception of the starting class of course) and they all have their own skills and thus change up the gameplay a bit. The game exists out of a number of stages and then the final level. For each stage there are two (if I’m not mistaking) levels, which the game chooses for you. To vary the gameplay there are 100 items that can drop, though most of them need to be unlocked. These items can do things ranging from getting health after kills, increasing your attack speed or creating ghosts of enemies when they die.  As time goes on the game gets more and more difficult so it isn’t a good idea to stay around a level and open every chest you find. There are also unlockable modifiers to change up the gameplay even more but you can find out what they do on your own.The soundtrack is absolutely fantastic (you can buy it here:on Bandcamp) and the visuals do what they need to. The biggest con of the game is the performance. I’m running an I7 920 and 5870, yet my computer never seems to get 60fps, even with the graphics settings turned down.Overall a great experience and you'll get your moneys worth if you like having a bit of a challenge."
,Recommended,248820,10120122,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Chupp4 Jo3,"Simple, easy to learn, Awesome fun :D"
,Recommended,248820,10120961,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Zeph,Deep and  deeply addictive. I could play for hours playing without noticing the passage of time. Real fun.
76561198057464974,Not Recommended,248820,10121990,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,perkinsma,"Try to become a tank as fast as you can... and that's it. Movement is boring, stages are background filler. Maybe I'm missing something? Completed on second run through, normal difficulty."
,Recommended,248820,10154505,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,$20 is $20 dude,A great Roguelike. This game is recommended for all of you Roguelike fans out there.
76561197976159901,Recommended,248820,10155994,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,theQwert,Risk of Rain is a great game.
76561198119579811,Recommended,248820,9471146,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Theopumpus,An amazing buy. Totally worth the price tag. I'm doing this for an acheivment
,Recommended,248820,9481559,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Fink,"♥♥♥♥♥♥FUN, GET THIS GAME, PLAY THIS GAME!"
76561198073607609,Recommended,248820,9488228,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,G.,"Of the many ""rogue-like"" games I have played, this is by far the most enjoyable.  Great combat system, character variety, and difficulty that scales with time all make this an intense game.  Tons of fun with excellent music.  Highly, highly reccomended."
,Recommended,248820,9564911,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Proud Dad,"Great game, very challenging, and you've got a killer soundtrack to go along with the spacey combat.  Die, Die, Die again, and then play more."
,Recommended,248820,9565540,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,D0RIT0 P1WER,I like this game because every run is diffrent and with lots of choices on chracters (And skills) Make this an awesome game.
,Recommended,248820,9568482,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,check,"Very addicting. The game as a whole is pretty hard -- definitely not a casual game. When you first start off you might want to play on the Drizzle difficulty in order to get into the game a bit. Still haven't beat the game on the normal difficulty yet, but it's tons of fun."
,Recommended,248820,10203956,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,CATBUG,If you don't have this game yet you suck at life. This game provides a challenge in an otherwise dry game meta.
,Recommended,248820,10687424,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,∞Commander204∞ Sailor,"If you're looking for survival games, look no further than this. Unique characters with balanced abilities. Good playing solo, great playing with friends. Make a team that will complement one another's weaknesses and storm through this storm of never ending monsters. In this game, it doesn't just rain. It pours."
,Recommended,248820,10687755,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,arbitwah,Its a great game and worth the price. I highly reccommend you play this with a controller if you have one.
,Recommended,248820,10688841,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,IRON COCK,Good game. Lots of action.
76561198061492908,Recommended,248820,10688927,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Hellboypeemypants,it was good
,Recommended,248820,10689039,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,FleepFlorp,really fun game!
,Recommended,248820,10689084,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Lxey,10/10 would bang. I mean buy
,Recommended,248820,10689942,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,cinguyasia,"Think Binding of Isaac platformer, but with more mechanics than shooting tears and you feel like a badass while you play nand even after you lose. Also amazing music!"
,Recommended,248820,10691032,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,edythemighty,Hard. Fun. Hard.
76561198035277751,Recommended,248820,10691061,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,kuritopa,"Game thats very easy to pick up, it gets right to the action and can get brutal quickly.A bit too dependent on getting good rolls for items but its part of the charm.  A bad item in the beginning can lead to a game ending within minutes."
,Recommended,248820,10691197,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Changer of Lightbulbs,An amazing run and gun platformer. Get it. Get it now!
,Recommended,248820,10691773,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,vo cume essas mina tudo,"This game is adctive and fun as ♥♥♥♥. I would highly recommend this game to anybody that likes The Binding of Isaac, Spelunky or any random generated game with the adcitive factor.8/8 m8"
76561197963672198,Recommended,248820,10578294,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Brakon,"This really is a very well rounded roguelike. The game is unforgiving bu not unfair (as it might be the case with other RLs such as Binding of Isaac, or Faster than Light). When you die, it is always because you have done something wrong or you did not undertand well the mechanics of the upgrades-classes and how to make good use of them. Of coure certain combinations of items can make the game easier than others, but you will never feel like a game is doomed from the start. In all my hours of playng, i never quit a game because of the items i got, i always reached to the end or die knowing that i did by my own mistake. Time and money management is crucial, as is trying your luck with the shrines (you can decide either to do that and risk getting nothing, or spend more money for an assured item).Summing it up, frustrating at first, but immensely rewarding and with endless longevity. The 10 classes play very different from each other and will make you go back to try and finish the game with each one of them.By the way, the soundtrack is FANTASTIC. You'll be putting the game in pause just to listen to it.If you enjoy roguelikes even if just a tiny bit, do get this game. And do get the soundtrack too :)"
76561198085077200,Recommended,248820,10580511,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Clocky,Fun but it takes a lot of time to unlock new classes.
,Recommended,248820,10580899,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Makovic,"Good for killing time with, good amount of replay ability due to the various combination of power ups, enemy types, bosses and level layouts."
,Recommended,248820,11100954,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Resident MediEvil,such a good freaking game
,Recommended,248820,11105759,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Pyromaneta,This little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of a game is much more than meets the eye. It's unforgiveness reminds me of FTL and so the rewards it offers.A total blast. Might be a little tough to get in to the groove of it but is well worth it.
,Recommended,248820,11117618,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Strenling,So addictive.Yet so frustrating.Yet possibly my favorite non-online game.
76561198073956380,Recommended,248820,11117954,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Omiit,Terraria meets binding of isaac.Lots of fun.
,Recommended,248820,11117956,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,SirDoomToaster,Fantastic blend of rougelike and smashup elements with plenty of classes and upgrades to collect. Highly recommended.
76561198068779388,Recommended,248820,11118737,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Hammer,Favorite game
,Recommended,248820,10923874,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Problem Man,"Imagine if Binding of Isaac was a platformer, and the longer you take to finish your run, the harder everything gets. Yeah."
,Recommended,248820,10924276,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Kingjyk,Great game! with lots of different items that affect the way you play. really hard. i haven't even unloacked any different characters YET STILL HAVIN FUN!
,Recommended,248820,10924421,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,frank,hard game good game
,Recommended,248820,10925522,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Cpl. HammerSlammer,this game is addicting as hell.
76561198005576563,Recommended,248820,10925577,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ede,"Solo heaps fun, Party times that fun by 100"
76561198074249826,Recommended,248820,10925792,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Phleborrhagia,"Get ready to spend a bunch of time playing this good, yet addictive, game."
,Recommended,248820,7718219,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,TehCrust,"Dont even wait for a sale, just buy it now."
,Recommended,248820,10927127,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,njero,"Squeeeeeeeeeee!Seriously, it's excellent."
,Recommended,248820,10928260,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Lint,It's pretty good fun
,Recommended,248820,10929434,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Thunderb0lt,"I landed on a desert wasteland and proceeded to kill alien raptors and giant crabs until I had enough gold to open a chest. Inside the chest was an item that gave me random mortars in addition to my regular shots. I found the teleporter 5 minutes later and after activating it to await the countdown, proceeded to get mauled by more than 20 enemies in addition to the GIANT JELLYFISH BOSS!I blew all of my cooldowns but there was no way in HELL i was getting out alive. I DIED LIKE A BADASS.11/10 would Risk again."
76561198093049995,Recommended,248820,13517428,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,glen,"Overly difficult, intentionally frustrating, and filled with variety. What a gem."
,Recommended,248820,13340726,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,avidpornwatcher,This game makes me feel funny
,Recommended,248820,13342195,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,katouzuo,"The seem to be easy and simple, but it isn't.Difficulty rise with time flew by, so player need to finish each level fast.Enjoy the game, or be beaten by the game ;)"
76561198162875322,Recommended,248820,13408233,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Robert Downey Jr.,"I like alot of things in this game, like the possibilaty of it being difficult, but it can be insanely easy as in not fun any more easy, If you are one of those people that limit your self for a particuler run or having a certain way of playing the game  just for the challenge then yeah this game is great. I personaly love this game. honestly there is a few bugs in the game where sometimes when you spawn into the first level and you just fall throught the map. the bugs arnt that bad. They fixed alot of them. this game is deffinantly a good play for $10, but if you can get it for cheeper makes it that much more worth it."
,Recommended,248820,13412236,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,EarthquakePancake,"Risk of Rain, simply put, is a sci-fi action-adventure rogue-like game.Risk of Rain, specifically put, is the most amazing badass side-scrolling sci-fi shooter I have ever seen. It has more content than almost any other rogue-like game I've ever seen, and is close to perfection in every way.Pros:-Around 15 different classes to choose from, each with their own upsides and downsides to get used to.-Dozens of different items to collect, each giving you specific passive boosts or qualities to add a little quality to what will almost always be your short life.-A great many activated items, which can do anything from launching missiles to placing a torch that fears and damages enemies to even sacrificing a small portion of your health to instantly kill the closest enemy to you (yes, that includes BOSSES).-Several different environments, all with their own unique layouts.-A very uniquely challenging aspect: as time forges on, so does the difficulty. In other words, the longer you live, the less likely you are to continue living.-Although not many, there are a few story elements, such as item and monster logs to show you what you're dealing with.Cons:-Even the easiest difficulty is very challenging for new players. It took me around 5 games to get used to it enough to get past the 2nd stage.-You begin with only the Commando class, which most players consider the worst class in the game. It also can take quite a lot of effort and skill to unlock some of the characters.-Monsters have a tendency to spawn very frequently once you reach around the 6-minute mark.-You must activate a teleporter to transition between levels, and during this time, monsters spawn much more often than they already do, and a powerful boss spawns to make it an even greater challenge to live.-Pressing Ctrl+Esc in the middle of the game will hide it as normal, but there isn't always something in the taskbar for you to click to pull it back up. Even in windowed mode, the taskbar shows no signs of the game being open. If this happens, it also becomes impossible to reopen it with Steam without restarting the computer, as it will bring up a window saying the ""app is already running"". (NOTE: Even if this happens, it may randomly add itself to the taskbar, allowing you to re-enter the game and resume play as normal. However I am not sure of what causes this to happen.)-Exiting a current run brings it to an end instead of saving progress, just as if you had died.In my belief, however, the ups heavily outweigh the downs. This game is obscenely fun and difficult to stop playing once you've started.9/10P.S. The Commando class is actually a good one to have to start out with. He is capable of hitting enemies on the edge of the screen with ease, and his attacks can knock back most enemies, keeping them at bay temporarily. He also has a dodge roll that grants him immunity to all damage until he completes the roll. Overall, he can be very easy to get used to, and getting a lot of items that apply on-hit effects can be ridiculous on him."
,Recommended,248820,13413377,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,"Arthur ""Two-Sheds"" Jackson","The first time I played Risk of Rain, I thought it seemed decently fun, although hard, and I didn't touch it for a bit. Later I picked it up again for whatever reason, and saw it's true potential. This is most definitely one of my favorite games, and i couldn't recommend it enough.Very pleasing art style and a really kick♥♥♥♥♥soundtrack make the game aesthetically top notch. A good selection of playable characters, a huge amount of play modifying items, and unlockable ""artifacts"" that change the way the game works. Random enemies and items, as well as semi-random levels give limitless replayability, and tons of unlockables to motivate further. Local and online co-op with up to four friends, (more if you edit a game file), really make the game shine.Outside of the occasional minor glitch, which show up less and less as the devs continue to update, the only problem I've had with Risk of Rain is the wonky direct connect method the online co-op, which is easily remedied with Hamachi, or a similar tunnel service.All in all, I highly recommend Risk of Rain"
76561198079491013,Recommended,248820,13428150,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Adelante82,"Endless replayability, simplistic but still really fun and since I got it for just 1€ it's a steal! Great game, and had I known beforehand how good it was, I would gladly pay more for the game.Played 19 hours so far and I'm sure I'm gonna play quite some hours more still! :)"
,Recommended,248820,13418428,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Pcbino,Maplestory references automatically gets a recommendation.10/10 would S> +2 STR Shirt for 2M or best offer.
76561198119590771,Recommended,248820,13418435,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,FlamingSquid,Its overwhelmingly positive for a reason!!!!
,Recommended,248820,13800880,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,XG,"Love this game. It was annoying at first because it was so hard, but i got addicted playing this game"
76561198130756010,Recommended,248820,13803106,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Fruit Snacks,"Risk Of Rain is a rogue-like indie platformer where the game gets more and more difficult with each passing second, with 3 difficulty levels each giving you harder enemies and lesser time to think due to the game's difficulty increasing faster. There is a variety of monsters, making the game fun to play and more challenging with tanky, speedy or otherwise ranged creatures and things will extremely chaotic at times, and when you die, you die forever meaning you have to restart the game with a new character with a clean slate. In the game, you will acquire money which you can use to open cases or chest to gain upgrades for your character with things ranging from mobility to damage or AOE effects and even instant death effects. With each level, you will encounter a boss after finding a transporter to the next level and there are a few bosses in the game which will randomly spawn which you have to defeat to pass on to the next level, this game has a great soundtrack and the concept is good with a small story for you. Did I mention, CO-OP playAll in all this game is awesome and you should get it 9/10"
,Recommended,248820,13795204,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,cyhawk,"I like all the gimmicks in this game. How difficulty ramps up with time, how even your failures count towards progress, how the maps are random and learnable at the same time, the gradual unlocking, the item designs (no boring ""+1% damage"" items), the muted story elements. But all this would count for nothing if the game did not play well. The platforming/fighting is really well implemented! It's as good as Cave Story! The monster designs work well too.It's really challenging, I'm very far from finishing the game. But I've at least unlocked the ""die 50 times"" achievement. I'm looking forward to trying multiplayer. It must be a blast."
,Recommended,248820,13694135,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,under_scores_:),"Intense, chaotic moments. Buildup of items makes for fights which are spectacles, but control never stops mattering. The choice of spending more time gathering items vs. facing easier enemies is an interesting one. Sort of roguelike, so RNG can mess you up, but it's not the primary force that determines your success. A bit buggy, especially in multiplayer, but plenty of fun to be had."
,Recommended,248820,13797126,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Jim Halpert,"Easily one of the best rogue-likes out there. It's fun, difficult, and extremely rewarding. This game will kick your♥♥♥♥♥ but you'll be happy about it."
76561198103348311,Recommended,248820,13797254,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Always Be Beeping,As a girl this is my favorite onliine coop
,Recommended,248820,13799407,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,EverythingBagel,"This game is deceptively impossible and endlessly fun.Risk of rain gets a whole bunch of things right. It takes the same addictive qualities of Flappy Bird, being that each game starts from level one with no powerups and only 15 coins. You earn coins and EXP by killing enemies, which you can later turn in for power ups, drones that follow you and help you fight, or keep till the end of each level to exchange for EXP. But the deceptive part of this game is that it gets more difficult as time goes on. Every decision you make effects how long it will take you to beat certain levels. Rather than making it through the levels, this game is more about how long you can last.To be honest, I didn't expect much of Risk of Rain when I bought it. I got the four pack while it was on sale and gave it to three of my friends, and we've all been playing it non stop. It's the most frustrating game I've played in a while but it's also probably the most fun. Buy it, even if it's full price. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,248820,13789475,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,SAY GAH,"I used to hate roguelike games.However, I found myself falling in love with this game. Somewhow.  The gameplay, great ( but hard to set up) multiplayer and challenging achievements kept me comming back for more of this game.The concept of the game is simple, get yourself back to your ship using teleporters. Along the way, you will need to  unlock chests to get powerups and experience as this will give you a higher chance of surviving against the enslaught of enemies comming your way. Would be simple if they just left it at that, but searching around the world for chests isnt always the best option as the difficulty increases every coupple of minuets. Its compete hell when you cant find a teleporter and enemies just keep spawning or when you have to survive for 90 seconds against a boss and even more enemies. After finishing the game once, you will find that you have a range of new characters that have diffferent ablilities to your starting character and more achievements to unlock.Only couple of things that do annoy me about this game are not all of the achievements are visable on steam, there are a bunch more that are visable in game, but only about 15 visable on steam, making the other ones look like they dont matter ( however they do as they give you new items, but its still not as encoraged compared to the other ones) Also, the multiplayer is just a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to setup, i spent about 2 hours portfowarding and setting up a static IP just so i could play with my freinds. Was not worth the hassle at first, but the mode is enjoyable that it reedems all the time i spent screwing around with my internet.Also, there isnt a literal ""risk of rain"", so you could accuse the game of mis-advertising. False title aside, buy this game. Many fun hours on my server to be had."
76561198097994773,Recommended,248820,13751390,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Old riceman,love this game i cant stop coming back to it
76561198039554396,Recommended,248820,13752409,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Oooh-10,"The game is called Risk of Rain because there is a risk of it, as I recall the first time i saw this game being played i asked my friend "" Does it rain there "" and he replied no but there is a risk of it.  And there you have it got hooked to the gaeme itselfrating the game 9/10 but if it actually rains in the next update or if it ever gets upated with new levels and characters would rate 10/10"
,Recommended,248820,13753692,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Dylan,"I bought Risk of Rain along with about 15 other games last winter sale. Big games, small games, all sorts and Risk of Rain was the one that stuck. It only took about 10 minutes to know I was going to say yes to the replay.Risk of Rain is the sort of game that anyone can get into casually or hardcore. It's the perfect balance of simplicity and strategy. Huge replayability and if you have friends Co-op is fun too I hear.Buy this game, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,248820,13772524,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Grizequiel∞,"Risk of Rain is an amazing game...Oh, you want more?Well, every aspect of the game is fantastic (disregarding some minor bugs).Its a 2-d rogue-like platformer with a pixel art style.The gameplay is solid and entertaining,The soundtrack makes me want to hear it over and over again.The art style makes pixel-art fans evaporate from excitement.A few bugs here and there but can easily be fixed with a little editing. (Though this grants the possibilty of achieving all items easily)One aspect of this game that makes it unique is that itemsstack.This leads to becoming very overpowered but makes it incredibly entertaining, yet hard.All in all, one of the best games I've played in a while.Why not play?"
76561197988266028,Recommended,248820,13773938,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Frank Castle,"Risk of Rain is one badass 2d survival shooter. If you become good and play it right, you basically become an insanely powerful god. That progression of becoming stronger the farther you go feels great, while at the same time is intense since the longer you take, the harder the difficulty becomes. It has co-op too so you and buddies can team up. The story is hardly anything at first, but the more you play unlocking items and monster logs, its lore and story becomes very interesting. I'm in love with the OST. Awesome sounds too. This game has perma-death and you will die. A lot.10 War Banners, out of 10."
,Recommended,248820,13774267,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,XNACHOMAN,"A fun, well made game, that requires a lot of skill. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,248820,13775248,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Spectrumpigg,No risk of any rain. Only risk is your sanity.10/10 would die again.
76561198119430469,Recommended,248820,13777703,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Grove Tender,good game
,Recommended,248820,13778378,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,ajmarin,"Great roguelike. Seemed hard when I started playing, but it gets manageable once you bravely unlock some better drops.There are plenty items, classes and artifacts. The maps are somewhat random, adding another level of uncertainty. Has a good replay value due to those characteristics."
76561198069796225,Recommended,248820,13631663,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,whisperingrains,"Lots of fun, but mercilessly hard. Get ready for a steep learning curve and lots of playthroughs."
,Recommended,248820,13764762,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,MECHASQrL,"One of the best survival 2d platformer I've played. The characters have interesting skills, tons of awesome items to discover the time to difficulty scale makes you want to progress faster instead of camping which is a cool and well balanced idea. Also the game has ton of replay value and the artefact system, which allows to add additional rules and effects to the game adds even more replay value.TL;DR 9/10 Awesome game get it now."
,Recommended,248820,7706266,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,GOOBY,"Get this game! Awesome co-op, tons of replaybility, just enough rogue elements to make it fun and satisfying without being frustrating. And it's only 10 bucks!!"
,Recommended,248820,13784614,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Jeffy Highroller,10/10 will get killed by stupid jellyfish again
,Recommended,248820,13785043,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,ChiruChiru,"Favourite game ever.The gameplay is fluid and innovative, the very way the game is designed allows for infinite replayability an the different characters add even more to this.All of the itms picked up are different and completely change the way you play, allowing you to experiment and really build your own character.10/10"
,Recommended,248820,13684723,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Link2888,"Honestly I didn't think I was going to like this game when first looking at it, but after I started playing I couldn't pull myself away. I wanted to get all the things and then a new item would unlock and I wanted to see what it could do. There were so many variations on what I coiuld possibly end up with I wanted to see if I could get an amazing mix together. I didn't make it very far and usually died on the first level, but I look forward to getting better and unlocking more characters, items, and abilities that will improve the experience."
76561197993972002,Recommended,248820,13306509,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,humppatoukka,"An unfinished, buggy game but still fun."
,Recommended,248820,13692086,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Kelpy G,-It was sadly not a weather forcasting app-There is no rain involved11/10
,Recommended,248820,13692647,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,BearArmsAndFire,"I like this game. Roguelike with powerups instead of equipment. Das cool. Explore lands and shoot the indigenous life in the face, just as Uncle Same intended. A/5.However, I do have some caveats about the multiplayer aspect. If you don't know how to port forward and stuff, playing with friends is a nightmare. If your friends are particularly impatient and yell-y, avoid this game with friends. Play by yourself. Shoot a space king in his space face and laugh as he dies into shadowy dust, only to look down at your previously pure miner hands and utter, ""What have I become?"" People should give me awards."
76561198093748012,Recommended,248820,11343366,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Excubalibre,The games good. REALY good. As in it kicks your teeth in at first and then gives you a goat hoof. If you like games that start hard but eventualy become easier with new items and characters this is for you.pros and consPros:AMAZING SOUNDTRACK!multiple characters that all play differentlybetter combat system than most rogue-likesgood progression systemreplay valueok pixel art that is charmingCons:A bit short (only 6 levels until the ending i f you dont loop)even more content updates would be nice
76561198140033020,Recommended,248820,13670164,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,fragglehuntr,Moved up to my favorite game ever!
,Recommended,248820,13699623,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Gabe,fun to play but i have to play alone because my froends wont play with me
,Recommended,248820,13700628,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Unit 24,Risk of rains still waiting for rain 10/10
,Recommended,248820,13623582,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Mossflake,"One of the best games I've ever played. At first the game seems a little alien and unwelcoming; this is fitting for the game to come. After a considerable number of playthroughs of this game I'm still interested in playing more; 35 hours in and I still havent unlocked every character, let alone every item.Everything about this game just works. The music is great, the controls are solid using keyboard or an xbox controller, the levels are interesting, but most importantly the gameplay is, well, fun!It doesn't take itself too seriously, but provides a nice level of challange; especially on higher difficulty levels.The only downside to this game is that (at the time of writing this) there are several notable bugs. Hamachi must be used for online play due to a bug with the in game system, and some other in game bugs happen when using certain settings, but there's nothing particularly game breaking, they're more of an annoyance."
,Recommended,248820,17159063,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,MrScale241,"In a simple sentence you could describe this game as ""Best platformer rouge-like I've ever played""...but that's in just one sentence!This isn't just any normal rouge-like and it deserves much more than a single sentence because of how amazing it isI can play this game for hours on end due to the exponentially high numbers of different playthroughs you can do as well as play with friends for even more fun!In a nutshell I still believe this game is still developing and will need more time for bugfixing and optimization which I will go over in the pros and cons section. Mostly this game needs a much easier way to connect with friends and dive straight into the action for a weekend full of pizza, late nights, and laughter.PROS:+ Endless playthroughs+ Several challenging levels and bosses+ Amazing soundtrack+ Intense battles+ Amazing selection of characters to play to fit every playstyleCONS:- Still experiencing many bugs, most commonly the non-solid platform bug or map dropoff(Mostly in the first level and can usually be avoided by just resetting)- Extremely hard to have your friends join due to the lack of optimizationOverall this game gets an 8/10 however this would be a 9/10 or possibly 10/10 if those cons were fixed. Honestly until it's easy to friends it's going to sadly be just another game I own I have to play solo."
,Recommended,248820,17033865,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Sexualy active pigeon babe,"At first i was hesitant in buying this game. and after a few hours i can tell you that this is one of the funnest games i have ever played. grab some firends or play by yourself whatever. this game is sick, its addicting and its hard as ♥♥♥♥. just buy it and give it an hour or two. if its noot fun in the beggining it will be soon. BUT ONLY BUY THIS GAME IF... you like hard games. this game will bite you in the♥♥♥♥♥if you are a starter or an mlg. if you have the money buy it.edit: 1 thing to be aware of1 the online co op can be a drag to set up for some"
76561198107238066,Recommended,248820,17134749,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,The Funsized Asian,"Such a great game, then bam, lost everything, reset from the beginning for no reason... Seems legit."
76561198046390242,Recommended,248820,17137455,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,French_Toast_Man,"Risk of Rain... This is one of my favorite games, it has tons of replayability through its many completly different characters, different difficulties, and unlockable gamplay tweaks. I strongly reccomend playing with friends, it's extremely easy to make a server for, all you need is to port forward and click run server in game... thats it! Although the multiplayer is a bit buggier than the singleplayer (Although the venn diagram of death [Chargefeild Generator] looks fun... it has crashed my game many times) its definently worth playing with, and puts a whole new level of enjoyment into it. One of my favorite features is the unlockables in this game. Whial compleating the main story (riddled with mystery), you can unlock tweaks, characters, items, and backstory. Each different one of those offers insight on the story of the game and they are, quite frankly, fun to work twords, and even if your not into lore each item offers unique gameplay changes and can change how you treverse your game. And along with all the unlocks this seemingly serious game has a funny side, as an example, you are playing with your friends and see a chest, after arguing who gets to open it, you win and pay a fair amount unlocking ""Tough Times"" a teddy bear givng you more health! Risk of Rain is awesomely designed! Its soundtrack is catchy and amazing, and its graphics are produced realy well.Summary: Risk of Rain is extremely replayable game riddled with challenges to unlock all sorts of gamechanging content. It's, although fairly glichier than singelplayer, best played with friends. And ontop of it all is extremely well done artistically with deep story great textures and music, while still making you laugh."
,Recommended,248820,17116596,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Silvast,"I would definitely recommend this game to people who enjoy difficult, merciless platformers. I would not recommend it to someone like me who view games as more of more a way of relaxation. The game is without a doubt a gem in its genre."
76561198160726597,Recommended,248820,17119386,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,toomanychromosomes,01100001 01100100 01100100 01101001 01100011 01110100 01101001 01110110 01100101 01101100 01111001 00100000 01100110 01110101 01101110 00100000 01100010 01110101 01110100 00100000 01100001 01100011 01101000 01101001 01100101 01110110 01101101 01100101 01101110 01110100 01110011 00100000 01100001 01110010 01100101 00100000 01100010 01110010 01101111 01101011 01100101 01101110 00100000 01100001 01101110 01100100 00100000 01110011 01101111 00100000 01101001 01110011 00100000 01101101 01110101 01101100 01110100 01101001 01110000 01101100 01100001 01111001 01100101 01110010
,Recommended,248820,16970638,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,g0atcheez,explosions
76561198035840703,Recommended,248820,16926551,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,iSnaz,"This was truely a great game, still is really. everything you want in a challenge is here and the random chance of loot ties to you actually making it to the last turd of a boss. very fun to play but if you dont know how to forward your ports then you can kiss co-op with your buds good bye.  but still a game for the ages with an amazing soundtrack  10/10 i would play it over and over again :)"
76561198116395158,Recommended,248820,16563244,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,CountChoculaz,Buy This Game Now.
76561198078785277,Recommended,248820,16851258,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,HOL HORSE,"I played as a psycotic janitor robot and killed so many enemies in such a short period of time the game crashed, 10/10"
,Not Recommended,248820,16851319,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,perautomatik,To hard and confusing. Bet this if for really hardcore gamers. I wanted to like this.
76561198126837373,Recommended,248820,17212504,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,EdgarWrong,I lost all my progress... all of it... I used to love this game... and now... It's all gone... goodbye risk of rain... we may never meet again.
,Recommended,248820,17212947,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Camryn2223,"Risk of Rain is an action platformer with roguelike elements. With permanent death as a primary feature, players will have to play their best to get as far as possible. Fight on a mysterious planet with randomly spawning enemies and bosses, either alone or with 3 friends in online co-op."
,Recommended,248820,16619353,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Fruitcake,MMMM gr8 game m8
,Recommended,248820,16623223,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Sir Pencil,Death is inevitable. Spite the clock.
,Recommended,248820,17177602,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,lukejf01,One of the best of its genre. Endlessly replayable and challenging for new and experienced players.
,Recommended,248820,17179641,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,DMStewart,"Ingenious. Sometimes simplicity, inspiration, and then creativity all come together to create something great. This is one of the times it definitely did. Even at full price its well worth it. When I first played it I think I played for ten minutes and quit thinking it was stupid. But the second time I was hooked. Get it. You wont be sorry"
76561198062979592,Recommended,248820,17180540,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Cunty,"Great game, love the items and variety of them. Characters are great too, except for the fact that only a few are useable beyond the first stage."
76561198044488033,Recommended,248820,17185532,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,crunching tiger,"An unforgiving, replayable, intense and difficult game with a nice Forbidden Planet, sci-fi setting and rogue-like elements.Or as I like to refer to it as the ""Hostile Planet Survival Simulator"""
,Recommended,248820,18002751,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Scorpy,Probably the best roguelike steam has to offer.
,Recommended,248820,21239860,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Hawk,"never have I had more fun doing anything than the time where I thought it would be a smart idea to use the commando with the command artifact so that I could get the Atg missile launcher (both mark I and II) and stack them up to the point where 4 missiles would fire with each hit. long story short, there was a large intergalactic genocide and then my piece of crap computer crashed"
,Not Recommended,248820,21185194,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Canman,"The love for this game is extremely perplexing to me. I'm glad so many people have enjoyed it so much, but it's just not for me I guess.I love the genre, and the game's presentation and music are good. It's just that, no matter how I play, I always end up running around firing at crowds of enemies chasing me. Tried to watch some tutorials and Let's Play's to figure out what I was doing wrong,  but I just couldn't get into it."
76561198136990435,Recommended,248820,21290385,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Cyrix,AMAZING
,Recommended,248820,21312519,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,AdmiralRR,"The game may seem simple, but it truly isn't. The graphics are quite simple but the gameplay is really good. There are a few little bugs in the game but those don't affect gameplay.Its also a nice game to have since you can play offline and still have a lot of fun.However, I recommend that if you get this game, get it on any steam sale. 10.99 is a little overpriced.regardless, Risk of Rain is a good game. Try it!"
76561197999818693,Recommended,248820,17084077,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,TechnoMulen,this game is so adddicting.. gotta love it.
76561198244175088,Not Recommended,248820,21307831,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,iron_nopoly,fun game yet the online coop doesnt work
,Recommended,248820,21297337,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,NUGS,"Great game, you die a lot but its addictive as f***"
76561198164924389,Recommended,248820,21260900,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,SnoopDuck :P LF very rare boosts,this game has ben one of the games that i really like with all the items and dudes to play  as
76561198027954037,Recommended,248820,21257944,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Horizonist,"One of the most fun, addictive and well made indie games around, you won't be disappointed. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,248820,7685233,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Arch,"Le FTL de la plateforme, addictif et varié :) Il tue !"
76561198038117004,Recommended,248820,21235078,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,takaratu,great
76561198184532303,Recommended,248820,23892401,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Ryushio,Risk of Rain is fun bullet hell game that is very hard but funny to play. Its like Binding of Isaac just better i think. You got power ups and lots of other stuff to gather so have fun with Risk of Pain how my friends call it :) ( Btw pls fix that bug that the game crashes when you Alt Tab sometimes )
,Recommended,248820,23867504,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Rezu,"Extremely fun and addictive game. It's very hard to get used to at first, but as soon as you start unlocking more characters and get a feel of how the flow of the game works, you'll soon find yourself wrecking all the stages. Definitely recommended if you're like me and love pixel art roguelites."
,Recommended,248820,23875254,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,RYEESK,good work:)   more time you spend in this game its will be harder then at first time
,Recommended,248820,23875334,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Lorn,"The game is awesome and quite challenging, but if you expect a hassle free steam invites for co-op / lobby creation, I'm warning you - you have to connect directly through IP (which is quite hard when using the dorm ISP - no port forwarding and other stuff). Hamachi is always kind of a solution, but ehhh.It kinda made me go bleh, since I bought the 4-pack for me and my friends and it turned out like this. Still, despite this, it is an awesome game and would highly recommend."
76561198067044546,Recommended,248820,30612918,Posted: 19 March,all,Pirtylo,Finally got every achievement of the game.This game is amazing. It's the only game in a very long time that I've been looking forward to play when I get home from school. That's saying a lot.
76561198128889844,Recommended,248820,23671231,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Gray.Vice,Dark Souls in pixels. 10/10
76561197961701559,Recommended,248820,23669001,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Nerkapike,Star as the villain in a sidecrolling survival thriller set to the lovechild of Alien and Pink Floyd.The only thing more limited than your item collection or control scheme is the time you have to dally around.Note that the Steam achievements are significantly easier than getting 100% unlocks within the game.
,Recommended,248820,23664876,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,WaterFall,Really enjoy playing this game and the art is very cool. Should have Risk of Rain 2 or more update.
,Recommended,248820,23694692,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Wчитεя,"It rained, however I don't feel as if there was a risk. 0/10"
,Recommended,248820,13641330,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Raiho Blackflame,are you man enough to buy your entry ticket to the 7th ring of hell?
,Recommended,248820,13644520,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Whotookthisname,"Hopelessly addicting with a steep difficulty curve. If you love loot and really tough games (especially in the later levels), check this one out."
76561198063042936,Recommended,248820,13647636,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,sidedcircle,Never rained in the game 0/10
,Recommended,248820,10752583,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ΛVF,"One of the best rogue-like survival games I've played. It's simplistic controls and gameplay lure you into a world which you'll soon regret ever crash-landing on. Risk of Rain's incredible variety of upgrades, survivors, and creative enemies leave you wanting more and more creating endless replayability. Odds are you'll die... and keep dying, but you'll love it every single time."
,Recommended,248820,13597723,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,FluXr,This game as a surprise to me. I got it on a whim of lack of games that I felt like playing (but I had tons in backlog of course) imagine a side view binding of isaac. A roguelike-lite game where you get seriously op but the enemies scale over time as well. Do you try to burn through the game or get godlike?
,Recommended,248820,13598871,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,martin - not kawaii enough,"man, this game blows"
,Recommended,248820,13603313,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,🌲🌲🌲🌲™,WHERE'S THE RAIN?
76561197998595008,Recommended,248820,13603828,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Crim,"traditional rating: 9/10if thats what you need to know, keep scrolling to other reviews. if you want a little bit of a rant about why, keep reading.let me tell you something about this game. you have probably heard of the website ♥♥♥♥♥. there is a board there called /v/, which is used to discuss video games.every single person there hates video games.you mention a game, and they will tear it apart, tell you all about why it sucks and why you suck for liking it, and suggest various methods for committing suicide for even daring to POSSIBLY enjoy such a terrible game. don't believe me? go and check it out, though i warn you a lot of what you see may be NSFW.but here's the thing. they can actually DISCUSS Risk of Rain. they actually have a general consensus that it is a good game. in all the years i've wasted browsing that hellhole, out of all the video games that have ever been made, Risk of Rain is one of only 3 games total i have ever seen threads made about that consistently praised by the majority of posters.that probably doesn't seem like much to most of you, and if it does mean something to you, you probably already knew about it already; but trust me, this game is worth the money. the art, the gameplay, the unlockables, and the music are all top-notch, and i could honestly say that i would put this game on the same shelf as my indie game favorites like Dwarf Fortress and Faster than Light.if i REALLY had to think of something i don't like about the game, it would probably be the multiplayer. not the act of multiplayer itself, that's a blast and is an awesome coop experience; its the connecting that has trouble. as far as i know, you need third-party programs like Hamachi to connect with friends. though it is free, it can still be a bit of a pain when you just want to make a quick match with friends. (NOTE: if i am wrong about this please let me know why in the comments and i'll revise my review)at any rate, you've probably just scrolled through my text wall to look at my last words, and that's fine, i don't blame you (if you did read it all, then high-five, i guess). here they are: since even people who generally hate video games like this game, it's probably worth your time and money.enjoy."
,Recommended,248820,13913156,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,LousyShrineGod,"Fantastic rougelike. May take a while to get.Very fun, and it is beatable if you know what you are doing.Multiplayer is intersting, havn't played enough to comment."
76561198088009583,Recommended,248820,13916046,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,quib,I love this game I play it all the time! Great game     rate 8 out of 8 mate
76561198097791345,Recommended,248820,13917067,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Breezar_,I died once.
,Not Recommended,248820,13576627,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,itawtitawapudytat,"This game is fun.  Now that (either an update, or 'random chance') has made it possible for me to actually load the game more than once per install.  The unlockables are interesting, powerups are plentiful.But the game is buggy.  Sometimes, you'll fall through the floor or land on an invisible floor.For most, the multiplayer is completely nonfunctional.There are errors involving a complete CTD on loading the final level (which after playing for an hour to get to and level up, etc, is quite annoying).It's much better than it was, but I still can't recommend it."
,Recommended,248820,13869875,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,gr8BJ,"Really hard and infuriating at first, but when you figure it out it becomes really fun to play."
76561198027296938,Recommended,248820,13871015,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Jeff Vader,Don't have patience to find more items.Rush through.Gangraped by angry jellyfishes.Spend too much time gathering items.Get to next level.Gangraped by angrier jellyfishes and their father.10/10Love this game.
76561198031338066,Not Recommended,248820,13878772,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Frank Gallagher,The guy is just too slow.
76561198035130011,Recommended,248820,13824267,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Phalange,"- Cheap- Efficient :  challenging yet very simple- Varied: runs are never the same with over 100+ items- Huge replayability (lots of unlockale characters with different abilites)Each character has its own specifities and after learning the game and classes a bit you will want to understand which items are best for each characters to give them the best built. Luck plays a big part here as  half of the time you might have the choice between items when you find a looting location, otherwise it's competely random. This randomness makes the game very close to FTL in which in order to get to beat the game you need to adapt to what you get but the skill is still needed. You have to manage the increasing difficulty and take risks only when the reward is good enough.the loot does the win but your skills count for you survival.I experienced an ISSUE when going coop online, you have to create open a port yourself for playing coop OR you can use a program named Hamachi, which is simpler but I don't think that Steam would covers any security threats coming from such ways.Don't get me wrong I am having a lot of fun in solo but still this is very annoying for a Steam game (game has been created by 2 students apparently, that's why).For rogue-likes amateurs like who have only played Rogue Legacy, FTL and Terraria I that find Risk of Rain main advantage here is its replay value, simply because of the cheer number of characters and items you can play with and combine, I want to test tham all!This is a must buy: very few risk taken by buying a 2$ game which has such a great entertaining potential."
,Recommended,248820,13853158,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,DarthTermittent,"This is one of the best and most fun games I've ever played. The replayability value is through the roof and the soundtrack is amazing. I'm not going to take the time to explain the premise of the game, all I can say is this... If you're looking for a roguelike or roguelite and you're afraid of wasting your money, don't be. This game will keep you coming back for more over and over."
,Recommended,248820,13903164,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,B333nnnyyy,This game is amazing.
,Recommended,248820,13887447,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Phoenix Wright,"An amazing 2D roguelike/action game. Basically if Diablo was on one plane, used items instead of leveling up, and had an incredible atmosphere, music and gameplay. You will get addicted."
76561198058585912,Recommended,248820,13929371,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Dolan McDolan,Great game realy addictive
76561198123408071,Recommended,248820,17450005,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,RosaTookMySeat,Pros:Super FunGreat MusicAppealing visualsEach Class is FunCons:Sorta RNG reliant but meh..
,Recommended,248820,17871013,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Xenans,"This game is great for anyone who doesn't mind a bit of difficulty in their games. It has extremely responsive and tight controls, as well as dozens of unlockables. You can unlock different items, and even different classes to try your next playthrough with. The levels are slightly randomized, in that the layout of the levels are chosen from a pool for each stage, and the placement of the items are the same every time, but the type of item varies from playthrough to playthrough. This gives the game a large amount of replayability, and I would definitely recommend this to all of my friends."
76561198028475211,Recommended,248820,17882572,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Matt Bellamy's guitar,This game was only enjoyable with local co-op.
76561198044448831,Recommended,248820,17903187,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Mono,Very fun game in my opinion.Lots of nice upgrades. Difficult but not to hard.Gets kind of easy after a while but still a lot of fun!
,Recommended,248820,17786184,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Willyx2,"Risk of Rain is only an abbreviation of what the title of this game really is. The full title of this game really is : Risk of Rain Falling From Your Eyes When You Realize How Hard This Game Can Get. Sorta happy they only called it Risk of Rain tho :3For Reals tho, this game is really worth a shot if you've got a few spare bucks on your steam account. It has nice tight and responsive controlls, the difficulty ( even though somethimes extreamly hard ) is fair and or resonable. The amount of characters to play from is extensive, each with their own special attacks and abilities wich keeps you wanting to play again and again (replay value: ✔).Every level has a boss near the end of the level but even if you beat the boss, you still have to wait for the teleporter to activate, while killing large amounts of enemies spawning on you during the wait time. This really makes you value you health in these situations because you need to monitor your health while taking down a boss and waiting for the teleporter to charge without dying to spawning enemies. Its seems hard and complicated, but you've gotta try it for yourself, trust me, you wont regret it. My only real negative coments on this game is that multiplayer seems to be really hard to use and the game is a little pricy. Multiplayer is there, but I just cant play with my friends. Everytime we try to connect to each other, it just gives us an error msg saying ""connection failed"". If anyone knows what causes this i'd be happy to see your comments on how to fix this. This however doesn't bring down the value of ROR ( the real abreviation... ). If you can get multiplayer to work then you're fine and as for the price, thats what steam sales of for bud 😎 got my copy for around 3 dollars."
,Recommended,248820,17786267,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Kou,"Use the Commando.  Unlock the Loader.  Punch the crap out of everything, because f%#k shooting.  And you get a grappling hook arm that can attach to the magma worm and fly around the stage.11/10 Would Lock and Load again."
,Recommended,248820,17797332,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,WarlordGandhi,"Intriguing, mysterious, and intense; words I’m surprised to find myself using to describe the pixel art styled Risk of Rain.  Mind, I might be over impressed by a bit since my tastes tend to lie in games containing HD explosions, but I’ve got respect for a game with this depth of detail on multiple levels.  Side scrolling roguelike Indies don’t tend to keep my attention for long, let alone so thoroughly and engagingly.  Panic, pace, power, and other words to compliment that alliteration will decide whether you thrive on the bounty of fallen enemies or fall to the overwhelming strength of your opposition.The gameplay elements held within are a maddeningly delightful conglomeration of luck and skill, with different ways to set up each game uniquely and provide a new experience.  Most of the characters and items you will come to know and love need to be unlocked through various tasks.  In light of its position as one of the hardest games I’ve ever played, Risk of Rain does let you start off slow.  Each game can be set with one of the three base difficulties: drizzle, rainstorm, and monsoon.  After starting any round, the base difficulty will slowly increase every subsequent minute starting from ‘Very Easy’ and escalating to ‘HAHAHAHA’, producing more powerful and numerous enemies.  Playing for the first time on drizzle is akin to riding a bike for the first time; if the bike’s handles were actually arms actively trying to punch you right where the sun don’t shine.  Also, the bike is slowly growing more arms specifically to hold you still.  That is to say, it’ll be even harder than you think at first while still being fun, and by the time you hop on your hell cycle that travels just under the speed of light and is comprised entirely of the pure essence of your own doom,  you’ll be ready from slowly working up to that point.You aren’t totally on your own on your hypothetical abuse bike, fortunately.  Scattered around the mysterious planet are various chests, shrines, and pods filled with tiny imps to slaughter for items.  With a wide array of functions performing defensively or offensively, passively or actively, you’ll spend most of your initial playthroughs learning what items do what and dying.  With no modifiers unlocked, luck will be a large factor in your survival as you learn maps and their variants, what gives items with varying luck/cost/frequency, and just how fast some enemies can make you weep with frustration.  Better yet, weep with your friends in up to four-player cooperative play!  Also make sure you’re distributing items properly, or doom your allies into utter defenselessness.  Items can range from almost-useless-but-fun to actually-useful-because-LASERSPEWPEW, with things like barbed wire, to damage one close by enemy at a time, or the ceremonial dagger, to cause enemies to fire heat seeking unholy bolts at the opposition.  Conveniently for you (inconveniently for the characters), you’re stranded on a mysterious planet after being shot down in a space train carrying a large amount of special cargo, so there is no shortage in number or variety of relics and munitions to fight with.What really got me with Risk of Rain was the lore behind everything.  Normally I just hop in and play a game with little concern for why I’m running from point A to point B obliterating everything in between, but the endings each character receive on beating the game caught my attention.  Without spoiling anything, even just the couple lines of text provided to conclude a character’s experience provides a secondary perspective, wrapping everything up in an eerie package.  The enemies in game are fun to fight, appear appropriately otherworldly, and vary from map to map, but the art and descriptions in the item and monster log paint a creepy picture of the twisted nightmare the survivor(s) face.  Wrecked on an unfamiliar planet, alone, with only supplies to scavenge, one can only imagine how disheartening it would be to see these malevolent creatures in endless attack.  A mask constantly erupting in flame, focusing extreme heat over long distances.  Floating, teleporting beings with a single red eye always locked on theirs, slashing with razor sharp talons.  Beings seemingly made out of light towering overhead, materializing to deliver crushing blows that shake the very ground on which you stand.Even the items you depend on for survival imply long term consequences even if you survive.  Take the jar of souls; upon use, it creates ghosts of all the enemies on screen that fight on your side.  Neat!  What’s the description?  “The recording only contains wailing and screaming.”  Jeez man, that’s freakin’ dark.  The ceremonial dagger I mentioned earlier?  “Finally found the heretic.  Foolish boy, thinking he could save his sister.  With the knife returned, we can continue our rituals.  Ah…  That should please Her.”  Holy crap, what am I even using?  It makes you wonder what it’s like to do what it takes to survive, only to find out that victory only brings living with the results of shooting yourself full of Soldier’s Syringes just so you can attack faster until the drugs likely do you in anyway.  Heck, even considering all of this made me hear the soundtrack itself differently; it sounded more suspenseful, alien, and all around captivating…Visions of potentially endless horror and scarring aside, everything about Risk of Rain bundles into one amazing struggle.  I didn’t even mention the various artifacts one can find and different map variants to provide new elements such as Glass Cannon, where you do 500% damage, but also have only 10% health.  Different modifications can shift a game more towards skill, luck, or just how dead you wanna be in the fastest possible way.  For the most fun, in my opinion, grab a friend, skip right along into almost certain doom, and make dominate the very concept of death and conquest.------------------View more gaming, anime, and art media atAniUMagazine.com-----------------"
76561198035671172,Recommended,248820,17802104,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Jormundly,"I purchased this game on a whim. When a game is on sale for less than five dollars it is difficult to talk yourself out of purchasing it. This might just seem like every other roguelike pixel art game that crawled forth from the bowels of uncreative game design...but this one is different. This game actually gives you the feeling that you're lost on a distant planet because you don't know what to do.One of the more attractive parts of the game is how skill based the gameplay can be. Sure, if you're lucky with item drops and can manage to purchase enough to make yourself an aoe wood chipper the game becomes fairly easy. But it takes a lot of time as the amount of enemies spawning increases almost as much as their power. This makes it much more efficient to be better. If you can use the character you are playing efficiently you can beat this game in anywhere from 30 minutes to two hours. This brings about the main reason you play the game, the more times you beat the game, the more enemies you defeat, and the more creatively they are destroyed, the more you are rewarded. The ways you unlock items and characters are almost as satisfying as the unlockables themselves, with requirements ranging from beating the game to aquiring all of the food themed items in one run through.The characters are shining beacon in this games portfolio of awesome. Each one is completely different in feel from the last. This totally reinvigorates the game with every unlock, as the game feels completely different with some characters requiring twitch reflexes to survive, and others leaning more towards skillful combos to be successful. The bottom line is that each character feels different, has a distinct and colorful personality, and is well balanced with none seemingly overtly overpowered.If I had one bad thing to say about this game it would come in the form of the multiplayer, although you don't need to port forward to play online it is unnecessarily complicated, making this a better game to be played on LAN or just hot seat. Besides that multiplayer is very satisfying and becomes a grudging competitive co-op experience since the items are not shared. You of course want all the sweet swag to mow through enemies, but you also want your partner to be helpful in the late game, so it becomes an interesting balancing act of greed and charity.To wrap up this gushing session of my love for this terribly underappreciated game, I just want to say at least put this on your wish list. This is something that I could have completely missed out on and never been the wiser. But after playing this game I can honestly say that I will never stop playing this game. It may not be my most played, I may not ever unlock everything, but I can say that I will always come back to this game when I'm looking for a good time."
76561197995211315,Recommended,248820,17624123,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,I'M SPARTACUS,"I do reccomend this game and bought it for three of them.  I am super biased because this game is completely reminicent of the old 8 bit hard games when you lose, your done start over.  You all know the ones, where for whatever reason when you jumped when the character was moving the jump height increased.Before you quit in a rage the music keeps you playing on until the sun comes up.  But i couldn't speak personally to that nope never.WARNING!!!If you have thin skin, are prone to throwing things when you are mad, or hate clay man you'd might wanna hold off on this one until you get a spine.  Risk of Rain makes fun of you when you die.  My favorite ""LOL WREKT""Enjoy"
,Recommended,248820,17728570,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Send in the clowns,"One of the best, most chaotic, and fast paced pixel games I've played in a long time. Beautifully crafted, audio is fantastic. Well worth the buy."
,Recommended,248820,17742619,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Insane,"Its an amazing 2D RPG Platformer game where you have to survive and strugle through and get to the last map/boss, also the game gets harder and harder every second. I will recomend playing this game with a friend or more!"
,Recommended,248820,12279087,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,bazinga congoman,There really isn't a reason you don't own this.
,Recommended,248820,17713665,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,crabtree42298,"Spectactular game with rouge like elements. My only complant is that the other characters are a bit hard to unlock. I mean the pixlated style along with the actual artwork is so soothing, but don't let that distract you for the slightly stressful gameplay."
76561198042333797,Recommended,248820,11499240,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,✪Mr. Meowgi©✪,"The multiplayer is very hit or miss on weather it works or not, but this really is an enjoyable game with friends."
,Recommended,248820,17720181,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Misvor,"Хотел там что-то расписывать, указывать, всё стер, и теперь скажу:Игра великолепна!Забеги по 4 часа (и больше) великолепны!"
76561198038663152,Recommended,248820,17721302,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Redneck Roscoe,Should be played with a controller rather than a keyboard.
,Recommended,248820,17687261,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Granth,"I've had this game for almost a year, and it's a lot of fun but the one thing that it is lacking is updates I havent seen a single update for this game since I bought it but other wise 10/10 would buy again."
76561198134104988,Recommended,248820,17687969,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,liberator,Absolutely love this game. I like the idea how the game gets increasingly difficult if you take your sweet time. It gets my adrenaline pumping and I would recommend this to anyone.
76561198050619524,Recommended,248820,17705044,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,MindHoney,
76561198143977580,Not Recommended,248820,13357694,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Johann1160,it just keeps on blackscreening when i start it up dont know how to fix doesnt tell me what wrong
,Recommended,248820,14457554,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,kintorah,"Awesome art direction, beautiful music, tight platforming, lots of unique playstyles among characters. There's a seriously long list of things this game does great, and it's hard to say a lot of negative things. Online multiplayer has always been a huge hassle, but if you can get it to work, it's an absolute blast to play with friends."
,Recommended,248820,14459776,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Butts LFT,Yes.
76561198064631488,Recommended,248820,14465595,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Gangalf,"Bess game evur ! Whats really fun is that you can play in localcoop with friends but the real reason why you should buy this game is that when you reach the heaven level and you die, the game said : U r dead get rekt LOL10/10"
,Recommended,248820,14468606,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,MasterBugPatch,"Still an amazing game, some multiplayer issues though outstanding all for all."
,Recommended,248820,14468825,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Jarmen-Kell,"a solid 2d, COOP fun with good difficulty and addicting gameplay"
76561198049030260,Recommended,248820,14580807,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Faitas,Very easy and fun to play.Better if you have friends - game gets harder (few items for you) and funnier.
76561198096876402,Recommended,248820,14586697,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,RedZek,"This is one of the best games I have ever played!  It is very exciting and not utterly frustrating when you lose.  It is very quick and intense, creating an amazing, fast-paced game."
,Recommended,248820,14598117,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,callousCnidarian,Best game
,Recommended,248820,14598406,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Storm™,"For all you hardcore gaming fans who like to kill endless waves of monsters with tons of powerups to help you along the way, this game is for you.Risk of Rain is a well-constructed survival game with great music, intresting monsters, and nice-looking settings. The characters you play as are also unique in their own way. Each character has different skills; no two are the same. With the dodge roll of the Commando; to the ""Protect and Serve"" skill with the enforcer, which gives you faster firing speed and blocking all attacks from the front, but slows you down, all skills can work in different situations.Another nice concept of ROR is that it gets harder the longer you play. This pressures you into always moving and finding the teleporter and not just trying to find items. Yes, items help you move along easier, but wasting too much time trying to find some, and the game will punish you by amping up the health, attack power, and defense of the monsters that spawn. Farthest I've gotten is to Impossible difficulty.Whether you're a casual gamer or hardcore gamer and like seeing pixel graphics with intense music, Risk of Rain will surely put your skills to the test. Not just by the sheer number of monsters, but by planning out how you'll use your skills, since it's a MUST to use all of them. Risk of Rain is a fantastic and addictive game, that everyone should play."
76561198030692191,Recommended,248820,14598414,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,spasmodik,"Fun game with rogue-like elements. Beware of the crashes when leaving game idle =(Blast aliens and collect items to make yourself more powerful, and eventually the miniboss for each level. The random element with not knowing if you'll pickup powerful items or ""slightly less useful"" items will keep reruns feeling fairly fresh. Eventually you'll unlock other characters for different playstyle, as well as items or artifacts. There is a built-in timer increasing difficulty, and while I'm not a fan of too much stress when playing, this works well with the game while not detracting from it.If you lose interest after the first five minutes, thinking it wasn't for you, try sticking it out a few lives/levels more or playing on easier difficulty to make headway."
76561198102249092,Not Recommended,248820,15836860,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Microsoft Visio 2013,"if you are about to buy this, clean your♥♥♥♥♥with the 9$, its a better use of them"
76561197965485566,Recommended,248820,15837961,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,UltimaWeapon,i give it8/10
,Recommended,248820,15880735,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,unknownaddict,Pros:- Fun- Addictive- Gets very hard as the time increases- Lots of characters (if you can work out how to unlock them of course)Cons:- Lack of proper multiplayer set up- Spawn glitch (seems to spawn you in and you take damage like a fall over repeatedly)- Occasional boss spam (its not a biggie but I hate that larva worm especially when the triplets come out)
76561198135056640,Recommended,248820,15884105,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,[    ],realy additcting fun worth 9.99 10/10
,Recommended,248820,15864471,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,BOT C'thulu,"This is an addictive game for having such a simple premise.  Spawn on a planet, clear the stage, gather loot, and continue on.  Each time you play, you select a character with specific skill sets (think MOBA).  Each of the characters feels quite unique and really helps to increase the gameplay.  The game stays fast-paced, especially since the longer you play the more dangerous the enemies become.There are some quirks, though.  The game lets you zoom out to see more of the screen, to the point where the pixel art is 1:1 (your character becomes like 16 pixels tall on the screen).  The GUI and all menus also zoom out, which is unnecessary.  The game loses some of its appeal when zoomed out that much, and you don't feel like you're in as much danger when you can see things coming.  So just don't play zoomed out like that, right?  You get such an advantage in the game while zoomed out that the game just becomes unnecessarily more difficult (and sometimes annoying with faster or long-ranged enemies).Like others, I also had a game breaking bug twice where your character eternally falls through the world.  Thankfully this rarely happens, and only at the beginning of a run (so all you have to do is restart).It's definitely worth playing, though; especially for the price."
76561197991908189,Not Recommended,248820,15920383,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,LexRegina,"This a fun game, but the copious amount of glitches and crashes can't be ignored. I still haven't beat the final level after going back through to farm items due the game crashing every single time. Perhaps RoR works for some other rigs but it seems to hate mine. I would hold off buying until it gets polished some more."
,Recommended,248820,15910057,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Big Daddy Devin,This game is awesome.
,Recommended,248820,15662557,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Jeco,More Jelly.
,Recommended,248820,15993290,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Wutnold124,"I love this game. It's got a great difficulty curve; it literally scales with time. It evolves from slow pew-pewing off lizardmun to crazy bull-riding laser-dodging missile-firing mayhem. It's soundtrack is one of the best I've heard, and I've listened to a bunch of game soundtracks.Although, I once got teleported into a wall and had to forfeit a brilliant round where I got one of the best items early on."
,Recommended,248820,15994476,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,[IPHYB] Erised,"Great game! Quite difficult, especially with certain characters, but enjoyable as a consequence. You can feel like you've got it in the bag only to have a lapse and die right at the post. Characters all play very differently, which gives a pretty huge amount of replay value.Only downside is that it doesn't seem to integrate well with steam as I have fulfilled the criteria for several of the achievements, but haven't been rewarded accordingly. Mild annoyance, but very enjoyable game nonetheless."
,Recommended,248820,23188313,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,NerdyDork,"Awesome music, lots of replay-ability, local coop is super fun and challenging."
76561198049128920,Recommended,248820,23389402,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Kraft Punk,This maybe my favorite Rogue like game of all time. It's so replayable and fun playing different characters with different builds is never boring the music is great and it's the first game I've ever streamed on twitch. While there are still bugs in the game they are not gamebreaking and don't take away from how great the game play is and how each character feels different this game is must buy for fans of the Rogue like games genre
76561198071023162,Recommended,248820,14234739,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,-j1m1-h3ndrX-,"Teleport around an alien planet finding demonic teddy bears, bloated feet, crowbars, bazookas, missiles, tesla coils and a banjo that shoots electricity. Fight lizard men, flaming masks, flying jellyfish, GIANT flying jellyfish, slightly less giant but still dangerous flying jellyfish, magma worms, giant statues, boar monsters, demons and stupid flying lizard men. Screw those guys. Do it all while listening to a sweet soundtrack that resonates with your soul.11/10 would not understand the title of the game again.PS: It does not actually rain in this game."
,Recommended,248820,23934949,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,iFakey,WARNING: THIS GAME ALMOST REQUIRES A CONTROLLER!! Playing this game on the keyboard is almost painful. This game is great and has a lot of replayability if you can get past that though.5/7 - A perfect game
,Recommended,248820,13505592,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Toaster Repairman,1. Kill thing.2. Take its gold.3. Get a perk.Repeat step 1-3 until you hear the voices in your head and 90% of your screen is your bonuses.
,Recommended,248820,23969905,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Arakis,So much fun. It gets so difficult so quickly.This game makes me smash things I cherish and I love it.10/10
76561198036011305,Recommended,248820,23976227,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Jake-the-Lion(SuperWaluigi),"An absolute masterpiece from the Gameplay, to the Music and design. AN ABSOLUTE MUST FOR ROGUE-LIKE/ACTION GAMERS!!"
76561198170083214,Recommended,248820,23973672,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Frank Reynolds; The Anime Man,this game has a RISK OF making you addicted!
76561198119264382,Recommended,248820,23984678,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,FuzzyCuddlyBunny,"If you dislike hard games then don't pick this game up, but if you have no aversion to difficult games then buy this game! It's one of the best rouge-like games ever, on the same level as Spelunky and The Binding of Isaac imo."
76561198090302826,Recommended,248820,23987618,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,FunkyOsiris,It's alright
,Recommended,248820,7741730,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,NotiCon,Fun with friends
76561198097156051,Recommended,248820,7742936,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,jasse.jarvio,Absolutely amazing game that hooks you in on first try. Have to recommend it for all shoot'em up level jumping fans.
76561198043498700,Recommended,248820,7991653,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,grimSkepsis | Hector Victorious,"A bit brutal at first, but loads of fun once you get into the swing of things. I recommend this game if you liked games with difficulties comparable to Rouge Legacy, The Binding of Isaac, or Dark Souls.Note: if you have issues with sound cutting out and you are using an external audio card, try switching back to your GPUs default audio. Not super great fix, but it works.Happy hunting,grimSkepsis"
,Recommended,248820,7994050,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Dat Boi,asdasdas dsa dasd axc zxc zxc zxcz
,Recommended,248820,7994846,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,TopBance,"bhj,bn"
,Recommended,248820,7994911,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,RonSwanson,"This game is amazingly fun. At first it starts simple and you level up quickly, but as time progresses, the game gets harder and harder. Perks/items and a wide assortment of monsters (there are more as you teleport to the next level) make this game very addicting. The beauty of it is that even if you are still at a low level, all of these helpful items (which can stack) will allow you to survive and keep moving on. Boss battles are intense, and sometimes they can be occur when you least expect them. It is crazy fun."
76561198014175099,Recommended,248820,7995411,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Len,"Nostalgic feeling, and so much fun! It gets more fun if you bring your friends! :)"
76561197981493938,Recommended,248820,8030826,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Vapetank,"addictive game with an awesome soundtrack.. gives a whole new meaning to the phrase ""one more go"""
,Recommended,248820,8032195,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Andros,Its like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ version of the binding of issac.
,Recommended,248820,7606813,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Bing Search Engine,Good game you can jump and have circles on you
76561198086650184,Recommended,248820,13920018,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Nectarine2000,"This game is fun. thats it.BUUUUUUUuuut, as it turns out, after my 18-ish hours of the game, i beat it. i cannot tell you how much i celebrated, as the end boss is both challenging and satisfying (?) to beat. however after a beat the game, (and im not quite sure if this is becuase i beat it or becuase i played it too much) i suddenly had ia huge drop in intrest, even though there was so much more to discover. mid way through the game, i asked my friend if he wanted to play it with me. he said "" ehhhh. its risk of rain. just like.. risk of rain."" i didnt understand what he meant. now i understand all too well. it's like everytime i go to play it, i just........ cant. there's really no other way to explain it.however, you may have noticed that i have reccomended this game. this is becuase the (apparently) 18.6 hours of fun play time i did have was very VERY fun. this game is really great, and it has lots of good points. like how the music suits each level perfectly, or how no character was too bad or too op. asides from the bandit, by far (in my opinion) the worst character in the game. i struggle to think of bad points, apart from the above paragraph. one problem that apparently was better in the previous version is that the co-op is just missing something. im not quite sure what it is. its not that the second players is infirior (thank god!), like in other games. I DO NOT LIKE THIS VERSON OF 2 PLAYER. THE 2 ""PLAYERS SHOULD BE 2 PLAYERS, NOT 1 PLAYER 1 PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥*phew*. now that ive got that out of my system, buy this game. if you like either version of binding of isaac, this game feels quite similer(?) to me. maybe wait untill this game is on sale, or get it on♥♥♥♥♥(or sorry, not♥♥♥♥♥ instead♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ or something, (its 4 bucks on♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ i just checked) but definitly get it. its a very fun game, definitly worth $10. maybe even buy the 4-pack to play with your friends. i dunno, just get it. by the way, sorry for my poor english. BUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT"
76561198049208188,Not Recommended,248820,14003536,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,❦Senpai-chan©❦,The online for this game always seems to be broken and difficult to fix. When the multiplayer DID work it was awesome.
76561198047428383,Recommended,248820,14005190,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Dangus,"Little bit of a learning curve, but once you know what most of the items do it gets absolutely CUHRAZEEY"
,Recommended,248820,14023803,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Mahn of Meta,"Hard game, died like 3 times without even passing 1st level.No salt at all. I like hard games."
76561197984269245,Recommended,248820,14027959,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,CharlieDontSurf,"About a 7/10 for singleplayer, imho...9/10 as a multiplayer experience. It really opens up with a few buddies or a few strangers online. Far less grindey that way. There are tons of other reviews here so go and read them for great detail, but rest assured, this game is worth its price, even at full retail."
76561198090399545,Recommended,248820,14015397,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,A Pimp Named SlickBack,"Death, death everywhere"
,Recommended,248820,14020534,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Anfon,10/10 would die again
76561198108318193,Recommended,248820,14022565,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,PerkaSet,"Great game with the exploration, power-ups, and challenge. Recommend this game with or without sale but i believe the co-op requires Hamachi"
,Recommended,248820,15477039,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Googeish,"Solid game and lots of fun to be had with plenty of characters to unlock, i'd recommend for anyone that likes fast paced action :)"
76561198008261033,Recommended,248820,15481682,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,randraug,This is an awesome rougelike! It can pull you in for hours. I haven't had a chance to try multiplayer so all my hours are only solo. Very surprised when they added new characters to play. Trying to make monster builds while risking the increasing difficult is my biggest draw.
76561198179213387,Recommended,248820,15482186,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Kirbycraftcx,Great game but on draw back the multiplayer is hard to set up even more so on a mac
76561198042303558,Recommended,248820,15612887,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Chops,"This is an extremely fun game. As you continue to play, you unlock new characters with new abilities, including a different default attack that can completely change the game strategy. The default setting of the game is such that the map/level played on and items found are random and therefore the playthrough varies with each sitting. There are also ways to unlock alternate game settings, which I won't ruin, (but I will say that they make the game even more fun after you play and win through the default rules setting). This game is definately worth 10 dollars if you are looking for a good fast paced dexterity shoot and dodge retro game."
,Recommended,248820,15613101,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,i protecc,"Risk of rain , a game where the only rain you'll be seeing are your tears. In all honesty this isn't a game for the faint of heart  where as you will be making decisions that affect your team , yourself , and basically the outcome of the match. All the same you can experience a good time along with working your♥♥♥♥♥of to kill 3 magma worms , 1 wandering vagrant and of course the o-so loved collosus , all of these at the same time. To sum it all down to a handful's worth of words , we would call it a , get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in the butt hole if you no get fed game ;<"
,Recommended,248820,15616768,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,killtron4000,"This game is much more addictive than the unique retro style artwork you see in the demo video would lead you to beleive. Music, style and rapid pace make it great. Buy it. Play it. Love it."
76561198023383968,Recommended,248820,15617317,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,t3hrazor ✯,"Cool game if your in to internet browser kinda game.. very fun to play 2player, but maybe little to straightforward, but still very fun to play when bored or just have a little time left on the keyboard."
,Recommended,248820,15619344,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,goblynn,you'll struggle and struggle and struggle..until that one playthrough where you just sorta click with the game. then you proceed to dominate. half expected game to crash with so much happening on the screen. amazing game! cant wait to play with some other characters!
76561198100036285,Recommended,248820,15498120,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,PapaPuff,"Tons of replay value.  Very challenging so expect to do very poorly until you have put a few hours into it.The main downside is that the game can crash occasionally.  It has exclusively done so for me when playing online with friends, and typically near the end of the game when there's 100s of monsters on screen and missiles flying everywhere which I'm guessing just overloaded the capabilities of this game.  It can be disheartening if you lose a good run, but I've kept coming back.Edit: Great soundtrack as well. If you are a fan of Pink Floyd, David Gilmore-esque, soulful instrumental licks the first level's music alone is worth a listen."
,Recommended,248820,15498166,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,NornRuler,Awesome rougelike gameplay and worth every penny.  I r8 8/8 m8
,Recommended,248820,15499529,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,lauxchase,worth every penny
,Recommended,248820,15503956,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,echSUNHoof!!!,"Great fun. All that needs to be said, at least in my opinion."
76561198065927440,Recommended,248820,8361151,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,inu415,Difficulty and fun level = yes. I enjoy this game for the balance it has. Would like it if items stacked better or their were pros and cons for getting certain items over others.
76561198008878172,Recommended,248820,8361777,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Kedde,Awesome roguelike. Get it!
76561198057992161,Recommended,248820,8362404,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Skull Bucket,Hella fun. Punishes carelessness.
,Recommended,248820,8365275,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,kaarlos,"Risk of Rain is a game that is at the same time very frustrating and very rewarding. The underlying mechanics are relatively simple and the learning curve keeps you interested, even after several dozen grueling deaths. Tons of different items and the variance in maps make each game a little bit different.Value for money is excellent, and for any side scrolling action game lover this is definitely a good pick. Games usually last from 5 minutes to 45 minutes, so this is a great game you can just pick up and play without having to reserve that much time - although I often seem to wind up playing that ""one more round""."
76561198058100043,Recommended,248820,8365811,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Faeyn,"Simple game, but amazingly addicting."
,Recommended,248820,8346827,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,SirWetzel,"This game is so much fun, just a glorious game. It will beat your up and kick your♥♥♥♥♥ but it's just so much fun. It's a random and tough game. Unique in it's difficulty scaling. It gets harder the longer you play. If you're in a session that lasts over half an hour, you'll be on a hard difficulty.This game is worth the money. If you see it on sale, get it. Don't hesitate."
,Recommended,248820,8350677,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,FRESH ASS PAIR OF TIMBS,"I highly reccomend this game! Once you begin to play it, its rogue nature really catches on and makes you play for hours on end. Although it takes a while to master, you will be left with an extremely satisfying experience with a great price. With a wide variety of enemies, items and character classes,  every playthrough is different every time. I repeat, I would highly reccomend this game!"
,Recommended,248820,8259342,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Thalindra,Good game had lost of fun :3
,Recommended,248820,8260312,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Darknuke,"I've only played this briefly and I can already tell it's a stellar game. It's sort of like Rogue Legacy meets your average survival game. You're basically put in this level and you have to level up your dude by killing enemies, finding powerups, and eventually finding a teleporter that activates a boss and makes you survive for 90 seconds + clearing out the world before you can move on to the next level. There are many classes (though I've only tried the one that starts unlocked) and even a coop mode to accomplish this. It's simplistically addicting and makes you really want to find out what all the other powerups and characters are. I'd absolutely recommend it for a fun coop game or singleplayer experience."
,Recommended,248820,8285343,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Captain Andy Trout,"Fantasic game, so addicting. Just as much as crack, wait no, even more than crack."
,Recommended,248820,7716906,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,GriM Phandango,So much fun even after completing the game numerous times (Which is no mean feat) ~Works really well with friends (despite it increasing the difficulty and making items more sparse) and the game is constantly improving with new additions
,Recommended,248820,17842066,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Rage Cabbage,"Highly reccomended game. Very challenging, yet fun. it has been the cause of so much rage. But only enough to make me continue playing and enjoying it.Well done!"
,Recommended,248820,17541280,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Power,This is a very fun and challenging rouge-like. The items and abilities are cool. Altough it is very hard to unlock new characters.
76561198014004971,Recommended,248820,8405842,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Ploert,"Simple, yet effective.This is a sidescrolling shooter with a ♥♥♥♥♥on of possible upgrades that get dropped by enemies or bought with shinies.This game gets me coming back because of those upgrades, it makes every game different and late game quite flashy to say the least."
76561198089675351,Recommended,248820,17541726,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Kindleheim,Its a really good game and is quite challenging and intense at times
76561198079464742,Recommended,248820,17543796,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Thomas123324,Awesome game
76561198047606947,Recommended,248820,17670070,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,TSphonia,"The game is fun. It has many secrets and unlockables. It has many characters that you can play with. It as a variety of bosses and levels. It has many types of items that do many types of things. RoR also has dance clubs and secret doors. The final boss is engaging, while not being too difficult if you know what to expect from him.Overall this game deserves 10.5/10"
,Recommended,248820,17672465,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,JurdSqurd,"One of the best Rouge-Like's I have played, and definitley the one I have played the most. Very simple controls, but the game itself is very difficult but even if hard games aren't generally your cup of tea, I still highly reccomend this game."
,Recommended,248820,17676038,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,(╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻ Yabvi,"This game is an absolute must buy for anyone who has a great interest in difficult games. This game presents a wonder challenge to any player.Slowly you start out naked, kitting yourself up slowly so that you can cut through hordes of monsters like a hot knife through butter, Which is great and all but eventually you get to the point where you've spent too long getting enough items to defeat the first boss so by the time you get to the second level you're absolutely overwhelmed by the hordes of monsters that want your flesh. Which is tons of fun! Cause it presents a great challenge of keeping yer time.Overall, this game is fantastic, I see not a whole lot wrong with this game.PS: Better played with friends!"
,Recommended,248820,18120869,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Armorchin,This game is #1 definition of why never trust the Videogames reviewer.
,Recommended,248820,9060627,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,ASH+Vocaholic,"For a game named like a weather forecast, it packs quite a lot of action.You find yourself crash-landed on a strange and seemingly abandoned planet. However you'll quickly find out that the longer you stay alive the closer you get to certain death. The difficulty starts to ramp up as time goes by which basically pushes you to mix exploring the planet thoroughly with a bit of speed and pray to RNGsus to have mercy on you.. because once things start to get going, you're in it for good until you either find your way home or meet an untimely demise. You can of course take your sweet time, though this will prove to be even more difficult in the long run.It's really a great and fun game, especially if you're into some side-scrolling mayhem or love a good and difficult roguelike. It even has online co-op, though it's done through either port-forwarding or tunneling software (much like Terraria). Take it how you please but I'd say it's definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,248820,18125475,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Vetelgyus,"Great game to play with your friends, I play with 2 xbox controllers with my little bro. We have a great time playing it."
,Recommended,248820,18126205,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,booty bruja,Probably a perfect game if you ignore the fact that half the damage sounds are literally just fart noises.
,Recommended,248820,15211608,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,skittles <3,10/10 WOULD DIE IN THE SECOND STAGE AGAIN
,Recommended,248820,15211625,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Dumb Guy,It's a lot of fun...
,Recommended,248820,15657790,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Zøldyck,"I have played this game quite a bit within the last two weeks. 48 hours within a two week period. Thats saying something, because I usually only play games for a maximum of 10 hours total before it becomes boring. Not this game. In almost every aspect I love this game. It's an amazing game, and it's hard to find good games for mac (yea, I'm a mac user). I would recomend this game to anyone I know (If i have not already). My only complainit is that mac is in v1.2.4 and windows is in v1.2.8 so my brother, who has windows, can't play with me. Even when theirpagesays that v1.2.8 will be out for mac later that week, April, 14, it's already May, 2, and they still have not updated to v1.2.8 for mac users. I hope they come out with v1.2.8 for mac soon... but in the meantime, if you're looking to play solo, or with another person that has the same operating system as you, then I would definately recomend this game to you."
,Recommended,248820,15660090,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Stryder1000,"This game is really fun, and it's Co-op. It's a Rogue-like, Indie, Platformer, Action Filled game. It will be hard when you're learning the basics of the game. But once you start learning the basics/unlock charecters, it's really fun to. Playing with friends too; you can easily learn playing together! I suggest you buying this game."
,Recommended,248820,15645043,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Uganda,Hard af
76561198056524629,Recommended,248820,15661755,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,d_valroth,"Not like Risk of Rain needs any more reviews, yet I find myself typing in this box anyway.Fun. That's what the game is. Even when you can't get off the first two levels, you know that it's your fault, not the game. You aren't badass enough yet. There's a wonderful moment when you grasp the balance between staying on a level too long and moving on too quickly, grabbing as many powerups as you can without allowing the difficulty level to get away from you. There is naturally a random aspect to the game, and much of your success will come from understanding how to effectively use the various powerups, along with settling on a chracter who fits your play style."
,Recommended,248820,15661892,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,kkiniaes,"10/10Fun, challenging, and addicting when playing with friends. Bought it when it was on sale and it was the best $5 I have spent on a video game in a long time. I still pick it up to play it, just because the challenge of beating this game 100% is so luring and frustratingly challenging. Love."
,Recommended,248820,15663142,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,armed and autistic,"STORYRisk of Rain is a game where you are stuck on a planet due to a a space ship crash thing. After a series of unfortunate events the ship (specifically is ""Space Train"") crashed and all the ""cargo"" on it escaped. This ""cargo"" happens to consist of dangerous weaponry and viscous animals. You play as a survivor of the crash and you are stuck on a planet with all the other animals and some native animals. This game is really deep too....SOUNDTRACKThis soundtrack is to amazing it needs its own section of the review. The soundtrack feels empowering at times. But at the same time it can sound depressing and can paint a picture in your mind of desolation and hopelessness. The soundtrack really makes the mood for a game that says things like ""Your family will never know how you died"" if you die. Because of that, this game is depressingly badass.GAMEPLAYThis game seems like a side scrolling Borderlands, You murder stuff, loot stuff, and be a badass. There is a HUGE amount of enemies you fight, and each enemy has a chance to to drop a journal entry-like thing. You collect a power ups and relics to help you slaughter animals. So, there's two types of power ups/items Passive items (which will help you the most) and Usable items (these items need to be used, as their name implies)."
76561198158815379,Recommended,248820,15654901,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,XxGhillieSniperxX,This game is the best indie game eva! :D
,Recommended,248820,15656671,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Wambat,"Definitely one of the best games I've played in years. With a wide selection of playable character all with their own unique skills, every run is different than the last."
76561198224907844,Recommended,248820,15710292,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,onemorebeerme,アクションローグRPGで、何時間もプレイするほど面白いのですが、なぜが実績が解除されません。それだけが不満です。
,Recommended,248820,15711057,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,>:з,shoot big
,Recommended,248820,15717142,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,ARE YOU NOT INTO TRAINS!?,The most stressful game to play alone. SO HARD.
,Recommended,248820,15736611,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,twistylittlepassages,"Ridiculously fun array of items, atmospheric adventure, deadly as hell."
,Recommended,248820,15737307,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,daaaks,A very good rogue-like game which I enjoy playing and will surely keep playing in the future. I would recommend it.
76561198042540613,Recommended,248820,15739178,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Larix <3 [Obey The Pidgeon],Best. Indie. Game. Everrrererererr. 20/9.53
76561198025150603,Recommended,248820,15741349,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,paranoiks,"An excellent example how a roguelike can be flawlessly executed while giving the player as much variety as possible when it comes not only to random item drops and bosses, but also play style. The dozen different classes will ensure that you come back to the game again and again and the coop mode just makes this better.Read the full reviewHere"
,Recommended,248820,8472439,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,harry areola,"Great with or without friends, most fun ive had in a long time."
,Recommended,248820,7687852,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,Drakenliger,Quiet challenging to get through level and requires skill and timing to use the class's abilities.Large and unique items can be bought to make survival easier.Shrines require gold or health to use and has a chance to get some nice rewards.Really fun game to play.Haven't tried Co-op cause no one else has it.
76561197965833162,Recommended,248820,14791211,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Hack Baxter,"awesome game, thumbs up, buy it."
,Recommended,248820,13965545,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Dracohir,"This is one of my first reviews, only my 2nd one in fact, which surprise surprise, it's on another rogue-like game.At first, I did not have high hopes for this game. After getting the game and playing it for a while however, I couldn't really put it down. I did finally get bored however from some bugs like falling through the world constantly, but this usually only happened on the first level, the very moment you spawn. A more recent crashing problem also made me not play as much. The classes have a MOBA style 4 ability set. 1 of these are a normal attack like firing a gun or melee attack. The others have various things such as invulnerability, stronger attacks, nearly unseeable attacks due to their speed, or maybe even all 3.But anyways, the game revolves around you surviving a planet you have crashed onto after an unknown humanoid creature destroys your transport ship. You must go through 6 areas, but to get to the next one, you must activate a teleporter, where you must survive for 90-120 seconds (depending on difficulty) until it is fully operational, and you proceed to finish off the enemies remaining. With time, the game grows more difficult, with enemies gaining more health, damage and also having increased spawn rates (as it seems) and more of the elite mobs appearing. Elite mobs can be approached the same way as the normal type, but you'll most likely get your bum handed to you on a silver platter if you do such a foolish thing. When playing for the first time, there is almost no chance of you beating it. If you do so, congratulations, this game is not going to be difficult for you. This game is fun in a Binding of Isaac way where you never know what you'll get. Gameplay usually is fun and intense, but after a while, the adrenaline stops pumping when you know you'll win, and it just gets a bit boring. Items you unlock with a slight bit of lore behind them in a way, in the form of order details. This makes sense, as you're pretty much were an intergalactic mailman in a way.EDIT: As of recently however, I have been having major problems with the game, such as memory wipes, crashes, and the game messing with my sound. It is to the point where I cannot play the game anymore.Doing neither too little nor too much is key to your survival in this game. If you spend too long leveling up, you will end up dealing with difficulty in the next area, due to a difficulty spike and new enemies to deal with. If you go to the teleporter immediately, with nothing but level 2 and 1 item, death will break down the door and slice your head off, which means, you die near instantly, or you just delay it by running, then die.The soundtrack in this game is absolutely amazing, Chris Christodoulou did a great job with the different pieces. The soundtrack is one of the best I have heard in a long time.New survivors are unlocked by completing various feats like killing a certain 3 bosses, or collecting this or that. Multiplayer is fun as hell, however, online can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥to get working. Usually zoom scale 1x then resetting it to 2x makes it work, but other problems, sorry, can't help you there. If you get frustrated easily, this is not the game for you. If you hate difficulty, this is not for you. And last but not least, if you hate games where you only have a chance to get the items you so DESPERATELY need, this game is NOT for you.And I have only skimmed the surface of the game for the most part. I leave you to figure out the rest and read other reviews.Gameplay: 8/10Graphics: 8/10Music and Sound:9/10Overall: 8.3/10"
76561198068260902,Recommended,248820,14977129,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,The World,"Honestly this is deffinetely one of the top ten rouge like games ever, it is my favorite rogue like adn with its unique art style, change able cheracters with unique moves and themes, not to mention the epic items. I played my first playthrough of this game discovering each new level and earnig each achievement. The updates really bulcked up this game, however it does accasionaly lag and there are a few bugs, it would be awsome too for some more updates in the future, regardless ive played this game many times and it's still a fun and new experiance each time.10/10 would play again-Air"
76561197960431441,Recommended,248820,14977682,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,JPMcWhiskers,"Fun.  Frustrating.Risk of rain is a great way to spend an afternoon - and if you're not careful, an entire weekend.  Best part?  Multiplayer it.  It's a unique side scrolling rogue-like with a heart of gold.  The difficulty ramps up as the timer ticks down.  At the end of every level you can hunt down loot, or you can proceed to the next stage, the clock is always counting.  Finding that balance of destructive power and enemy difficulty is a tricky one to balance, but once you get the hang of it, the real fun begins.Fun, simple, easy to get into, very very very tough to master.  This game will always be relevant.  Give 'er a try!"
,Recommended,248820,14980666,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,afroast,"how to I apply for beta? thats all i'd like to know. but if youre reading my review and want to know wether to buy the game or not. Toatally worth it. heres my gathered info like a trailer[Keys]z_key=Attack 1x_key=Attack 2c_key=Attack 3v_key=Attcak 4g_key=Use Itema_key=Activate teleporter/ Open chestsspacebar_key=Jumpleft_key=Go Leftright_key=Go Rightup_key=Climb Updown_key=Climb Downq_key=Swap use item/ Advance to final level[Objective]The player controls the survivor of a space freighter crash on a strangeplanet. As the player progresses through levels, selected randomly andwith some procedural placement of objects within the level, they attemptto survive by killing monsters and collecting items that can boost theiroffensive and defensive abilities. The game features a difficulty scalethat increases with time, requiring the player to choose between spendingtime building experience and completing levels quickly before the monstersbecome more difficult. The game supports up to four cooperative players.[Gameplay]At the start of the game, each player selects one of twelve characters.Initially, only one character is available, but as the player completesvarious in-game objectives, more characters become available.Each character has various statistics and a set of unique moves;for example, a sniper has the ability to hit creatures from a longdistance for large damage but their firing rate is slow, while a commonsoldier can do rapid, moderate damage at close range.Within all but the last level of the game, the goal is to locate ateleporter, placed in a random location. As the players hunt for it,they will encounter monsters; upon death the monsters will drop in-gamemoney and will also provide the players experience. As the players gainexperience they will increase the player level, gaining more hit pointsand stronger attacks. Money can be used to open various chests, buy itemsat stores, activate attack drones that aid in combat, or pray at shrinesthat have a random chance of dropping items, described by game lore asthe space freighter's cargo. These items include passive bonuses thatimprove offensive or defensive capabilities, or a special weapon.Players can only use one special weapon at any time, but they cancollect many passive items, including multiple versions of the sameitem, stacking the benefits of these items. The location of these itemsis randomly determined through roguelike procedural generation.Once the players have found the teleporter, they activate it, startinga 90 second countdown which the players must survive. During this time,many more monsters, including at least one boss character, will appear.After the countdown is over, no new monsters will appear but the playerswill have to defeat all remaining monsters before they can use theteleporter and proceed to the next level. At this time, any remainingmoney the players have is converted to experience points. At thepenultimate level, the players have the option of taking the teleporterto the final level (the crashed ship), or to use the teleporter to runthrough additional levels as to gain more experience and items; whenthis latter option is taken, the teleporter on these levels will allowthe same choice to either proceed to the final level or continue throughadditional levels. On the final level, the player must fight a final bosscharacter which if they survive, they are able to escape the planet andwin the game.The difficulty of the game is determined by a timer. The difficulty levelincreases every 5 minutes up through 10 levels, with newly spawnedmonsters having more health and stronger attacks. Additionally, bosscharacters may spawn before the players have found teleporters. Ifplaying alone, the game is over when the player dies. In multiplayermode, a player that dies must wait until the other players survive tothe next level, upon which they are brought back into play.The item drops are based on the various progress the player has made inthe meta-game through repeated playthroughs. For example, defeatingcertain boss characters for the first time will unlock an item that canthen drop in future playthroughs. Other items are based on completingcertain goals, such as winning the game a number of times, orperforming specific goals with each of the characters. Monsters willalso drop log books that describe the monsters, this itself is used tounlock more items.[Helpful links]http://www.riskofraindb.com/^ User friendly interface easy to navigate, slightly out dated, onlyabout skill and item building.http://riskofrain.wikia.com/wiki/Main_Page^ Sorta friendly interface confusing to navigate, all information up todate, has all information about all subjects."
76561198095938149,Recommended,248820,15506291,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,MikeDanger,"Punishing, yet rewarding when you do actually get somewhere.10/10"
,Recommended,248820,15509783,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Eieboe,"Played for an hour, got to the last level. Died. Got a text that said get rekt 10/10"
,Not Recommended,248820,15511642,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,all caps,"This game needs to receive a massive update to fix the broken multiplayer. Practically every other game similar to this, in which is a group co-op game, ex. Dungeons of the Endless, Monaco, all have the ability to invite people through steam. I don't understand why Risk of Rain lacks in this, because otherwise I really like the game.If you are buying this to play with friends, you're in for a disappointment. Connecting through they currently implemented multiplayer is ridiculous and tedious.I am only putting thumbs down because it might cause the makers to see it."
,Recommended,248820,15513274,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Hyldago,A fantastic game with a slightly annoying time mechanic. The soundtrack and art design are nearly unmatched among indie titles.
,Recommended,248820,15513614,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Soitsu,"This game is GOD tier end of story, fun solo fun with multiplayer, funas♥♥♥♥/10"
76561197974782836,Recommended,248820,15516189,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,BLOOD,Awesome game that I always find myself coming back to. I love all of the classes and secrets. Worth the price.
,Recommended,248820,15518408,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,jack rabbit,"Fun.....and Frustating :""D....10/10 would try again :""D"
76561198044573852,Recommended,248820,15520092,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,AcePace,"Probably the best, cheap game around!"
,Recommended,248820,15496569,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Renthemoogle,Game continually crashes upon startup since recent patch.
,Recommended,248820,15497846,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Objekshin | CSGOHunt.com,It rained.10/10 Pay full price.
,Recommended,248820,15443669,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,FUZZY COBALT,I started playing this with my cousin. Never stopped... Come back life......
,Recommended,248820,15448507,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,zxvasdf,"Chance of precipitation: 100%Out of all the fancy games I've gotten here on steam, this is the most I've played. I'm relatively new to the scene here, and many of my game preferences tend towards the old school pixelated feel. Risk of Rain is my first roguelike game, and I hated it at first. I was getting nowhere in this game!But patience was employed and I acquired a feel. Once I got a new character I was hooked. The strategic value skyrocketed as I struggled then gleefully adapted to the play style of each character. To date, my favorite of the lot is Engineer, though I do enjoy playing the Loader.Perseverance is key, and one eventually strikes a balance between mining the enemies for xp and coinage and getting the hell out of the stage. It gets progressively harder, and can be frustrating with characters who have a limited range, but you eventually come to grips. Then you get a new character and start all over again.The rainy season has never been this good."
,Not Recommended,248820,15460187,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,bombpalm,please! im begging you! let me shoot UP!
,Recommended,248820,15469770,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,BruceSerrano,I hate roguelikes but this game is fun as ♥♥♥♥. I don't know why.
76561198116425815,Recommended,248820,15470484,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,blaliberteo,risk of rain
76561198124162843,Recommended,248820,15557530,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,wizzlewozzle,very very good £1 game
76561198106971121,Recommended,248820,15564021,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,LuciLoli,"Just buy this amazing game. Its like 3$ right now.I really cant do anything but recomend this game. Its an incredible rougelike, with multiple intersting caracters and itmes to learn, bueatiful envirments and music, and just...amazment. It holds so much fun in it for the longest time, and once you become a bit bored there are ways to alter the game that can make it that much more interesting.I personaly find myself letting my enimies drop items, and build like a glass cannon- i can hurder anything instantly, but it can murder me instantly to, you can play your way after you unlock a couple things =)On the downside however, the learning curve at first is a bit steep, so its going to take a number of tried before you make progress and find a character you love (All hail Acrid)"
,Not Recommended,248820,15565017,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,MacAdler,Bought it to play with girlfriend online. Still haven't find a way to make it work. The fact that I have to go and find how to play online defies any logic in the current state of the gaming world. Go play Monaco instead.
,Recommended,248820,15565466,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,King Cheezy the Woke,"lol this game is pretty ghowever, when i first played by myself, i immediately started falling thru the level next to the teleporteri thot it was legit until i realized that if i moved into the teleporter, i would fall thru that as welli just restarted the level and then it worked againtiny bug maybe but not too big"
,Recommended,248820,15566134,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Quaglar,"Really, this game is great both by yourself and even better with friends. This is a go to game when I have people over."
,Recommended,248820,15582334,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Driepuntige Ster,"Great game! (I can host servers, call me if you like...)"
76561198021222438,Recommended,248820,15566940,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Uzziel_1389,This game is perfect. More than worth the money.
,Recommended,248820,15568185,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Bloody Catastrophe,Good stuff
,Recommended,248820,15569111,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,IzzyBourne,Highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a good old fashion fun time. Never gets boring and its always something different. Each character offers a brand new take on the level and overall gaming strategy. The music is also amazing.10/10 would play and buy again.
,Recommended,248820,15569702,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Lyra,"Awesome ost ,this game is very good , you should try it!"
76561198134478457,Recommended,248820,15570555,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Meh.,I love this game. Its perfectly amazing.
,Recommended,248820,15570764,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Beast Slayer,on a scale of call of duty to ten...infinity.
,Recommended,248820,15572783,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Malicious Mali,This game is fun to play. I enjoyed playing this game.
,Recommended,248820,13000975,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Poziki,This is a great and unforgiving game 10/10 would recommend
76561198039017320,Recommended,248820,15483338,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Gnolls Did WTC,not worth 9.99
,Recommended,248820,15486256,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Tyerannosaur ☧,"One of the most under rated games on Steam. This game can be one of the most relaxing games or one of the most challenging games, depending on what you prefer. And the soundtrack is simply amazing, and one of the best I have heard. This game is well worth the price, and I would gladly pay it again.  Kudos to you, Hupoo Games.10/10♥♥♥♥ you jellyfish."
,Recommended,248820,15487247,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,JFS17,"One of the best indie titles of last year, always seem to return to it and always have a great time playing!For lovers of Rouge like games and unlocking items through skill ( well sometimes luck too ), I would highly recommend this game.10/10, would crashland on a planet and fight for my survival again!"
76561197963949028,Not Recommended,248820,15487855,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,levgree,"I would not suggest this game at 10$, maybe 5$.  It is, in a basic sense, an inferior version of Rogue Legacy.  The action game dimension is very simple, mostly kiting enemies and smashing your basic abilities whenever they go off cooldown.  The items aren't too balanced, which is not unusual for a game, but a stronger variety of items may have helped avoid the shoehorned gameplay.The enemies are simple, graphics aren't great (your character model has very little detail).  There is not much progression at all, even within a single game.  You level up and I guess it increases some base stats like health and damage (the game doesn't tell you what gained), no new abilities.Of course it's not an awful game, I'd say in the end I'll rate it 5-7/10. Read other reviews for their positive take on it.  But I don't find it very inspireed, compared to other rogue likes out there."
76561198026945596,Recommended,248820,15429973,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Hippo Rage,Amazing! A m ust have for any fans of Rogue-like games such as The Binding of isaac or Spelunky!
,Recommended,248820,15522276,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,64,It's good but takes a while to get into.
76561198051637032,Recommended,248820,15526736,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Ben,"If anyone has problems connecting/hosting a multiplayer server. First try going to video settings and changing your screen zoom to ""1x"" and then join/host. Once you join it, you can change it back. and the person joining your server also has to chance their screen zoom to ""1x"". then they can change it to whatever they want after they join."
76561198067940518,Recommended,248820,15619562,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,putu,One problem when does mac 1.2.8 come out?????????
,Recommended,248820,15622483,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,+NKDM+,"Its fun to play thi game, but it does not support gamepads, i hope they will fix it soon because to play alone is not that fun"
,Recommended,248820,15622661,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Ultra Rare Meme,"Great game with roguelike elements. Any1 looking for a tough as nail strategic shooter should strongly consider this game. On a side note, achievements are not working... Devs pls fix that :s"
,Recommended,248820,13127305,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Shit the bed,"Awesome soundtrack, great art tons of stuff and a whole lot of fun to play. Incredibly simple, but also very difficult. A rogue like that nails being challenging but simple while also being addictive. Play with your friends too.Desperately needs an expansion or DLC."
76561198087152309,Recommended,248820,14716815,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Distraction,"When you first start this game, it's just plain unforgivable. I like that. The feeling of accomplishment when you beat it the first time is awesome. The more unlocks you have, the better your chances, until you get a certain artifact that makes the game 1000x easier.The only negative I can see so far is that certain items will lag you hard, to the point of freezing the game. I can't comment on multiplayer, since I haven't tried that."
76561198003231006,Recommended,248820,14720945,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Tire_Iron,"this review I'm going to be aiming more towards the people who genuinely don't know if they should buy this game or not. by now, you've figured out that risk of rain is hard. if you haven't...well I'm not going to be able to help you out of that paper bag...but the question stands, is it *TOO* hard? when I first bought the game I was hesitant to say the least, I saw that it was hard, and heard commentary from youtubers I considered better at games than myself that backed up that observation. and yes, it was incredibly hard. but coming from expecting to lose my money and get no significant entertainment out of it because of the difficulty, I couldn't have been more wrong. so if you're sitting there going ""well, it looks fun, but I'm probably not good enough to really get into this one"" it's my opinion you should give it a go. it's hard, it's probably going to make you cry, but it's not restrictively hard. if I can beat it, I'm willing to bet just about anyone can with a little patience."
76561198050204626,Recommended,248820,14703353,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,matjin,"At the risk of sounding plain,On your parade this game will rain."
76561198044248063,Recommended,248820,14713146,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Chicken McNazi,"In this game, you can become an all powerful badass very fast.Problem is, so does every single enemy as well."
,Recommended,248820,14713762,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Z Δ N D 3 R,Absolutley Love this game. It's an excellent way to kill some time. I highly recomend you pick up a copy if you haven't already and are on the fence about getting it.
,Not Recommended,248820,14442299,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Jaime,Doesnt work
,Recommended,248820,14442726,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Krawd,tihs is fun
,Recommended,248820,14445086,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,FamousWolf,One of the most entertaining and addictive games I have played in a long time.
,Recommended,248820,14435607,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,busq,Got a fungal infection that healed me when I stood still10/10
76561198104551421,Recommended,248820,14454979,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Mavrotanek,"woke up on a strage planet with no pants, no wallet, and a hang over....oh look a local..."
,Recommended,248820,14457023,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Overgrown,Video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pBB7YbKOLN0&index=1&list=UUPtvpedKFuq_UVwwwbERvfQ
76561198145239055,Recommended,248820,14436766,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,soroush,You will die :(againand againand againand againand againand againand againand againand again
76561197990110112,Recommended,248820,14446880,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Half Baked Paul,"This is the first Rogue like i really tried, that being said it's fun as all hell. Once you start unlocking characters and find your favorite one it becomes hard to walk away from a session."
76561198002913866,Recommended,248820,14452757,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,TheDarkHaze,"good game.what?! you need more ? there are more that 12 thousand reviews saying the same, just buy it already!"
,Recommended,248820,14576401,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Toqur,"I need more contents! (New mode, maps, creative boss and monsters and items and character)"
76561198050613372,Recommended,248820,14586926,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,[NOBL]Bjmp42,it prty swehg
76561198109095217,Recommended,248820,14642455,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,TheTopHatManiac,"This game is amazing and addictive. You can play for hours and not get board. However, I am a mac user and Im experienceing problems. For example, I cannot play online. It just shows a black screen with with a check box with the text ""force share"" next to it. Please fix this"
76561197997627631,Recommended,248820,14635968,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,SukinaShinji,I LOVE this game!  Over 240 hours playing and Im still haveing fun with it trying to unlock everything and getting better with all the different characters.  Highly recommended!
,Recommended,248820,10779826,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Majorian,"""Solid Gameplay Mechanics. Excellent Replayability. Subtle Story. (Really) Tough Difficulty. Great Value for Money.""Risk of Rain is a platform shooter using a somewhat simplistic, retro-pixel art style with good attention to its tiny animations. In a similar vein to Faster Than Light, Risk of Rain is an unforgiving roguelike which has your character experiencing permadeath should he be overwhelmed in-game (go easy if you're starting out). What sets this game apart from others within the genre is that its difficulty increases the longer you linger around in-game - genuine pressure that can be felt with really tough enemies (sometimes double/triple/gazillions of bosses) spawned in the next map.While unforgiving in difficulty, it is an easy game to get into - it's a simple run-and-gun combined with several abilities to boost your characters' survivability or firepower. The goal with each map is straightforward: find the teleporter, activate it, face a horde of enemies and slay the boss, survive, teleport to the next level.What makes this game interesting: Finding items are essential in this game, they provide the various boosts required to enhance your survivabililty and ability to take down harder enemies. This is where the crux of the game lies - balancing the amount of time you spend on each level scouring for items to enhance your late game capabilities, a constant tension which makes the experience pretty exciting and at times, really tense.The story may seem scant but is actually pretty subtle and has a haunting tone. The strange/wonderful atmosphere of the world in which you crash-land is further enhanced with the great musical score infused with the game. This immersion is a definite plus in my books.About replayability, Risk of Rain never gets old with the randomization of its maps and the various items/characters it has for the player to unlock - catering to a myriad of playstyles and making for amusing mass explosions should the combined effects of various items permit.Overall, a gem for the affordable price tag, particularly with the ongoing summer sale!(P.S. Be ready to die a lot in-game)A-"
,Recommended,248820,15856687,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,galaxeo ✾,"It's a decent game for a tiny bit of fun, though if you're like me, and you're playing another game that you also find interesting, you won't be playing this game for very long. Once you finish collecting all the characters and getting good at them, playing with friends is the only fun that you really get. Nevertheless, I still had a great time playing this game, but I won't be playing it again for a while."
,Recommended,248820,15842906,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,"Fkuck OSRS, Stame is gud","One of the best Roguelikes i've ever played. 8/8 IGN, Would Play Many Hours More."
76561198115036013,Recommended,248820,15848721,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,The Garbage Man,This game is....beautiful. :D
76561198067885724,Recommended,248820,16145595,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Gem Daddy,"PLEASE MAKE ANOTHER GAME, THIS ONE WAS AMAZING. I would love to see another rogue-like by you guys.Music 5/5Gameplay 5/5Challenge 5/5Creativity 5/5The only real suggestion I have is more enemies, more items, more characters.It's such an interesting game, the idea is fun and replayable. My friends made me bu it and I love them for it, now they can't get me to stop."
76561198045899819,Recommended,248820,16229157,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Caudex,"Good game. Good replay value, plenty of unlocks and different characters, challenging and intuitive. I highly reccomend this."
,Recommended,248820,16231070,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Krippin,"I bought this game about a year ago and really enjoyed it. The art style and soundtrack are both amazing. The one issue the game still has in the fact that the game speed is tied to the fps. In the later stages the game will move at an incredibly slow rate, and for some reason this issue has still not been fixed."
,Recommended,248820,16233910,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,thetangledweb,"Every game is different. Every game is like another hit of crack. Damn you, Risk of Rain."
,Recommended,248820,16233994,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Mark Skywalker,I'm not good at this game but the game is good anyway. I can't stop crying. Someone please help.
76561198141609490,Recommended,248820,16258733,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,danktoast,Very addicting and HARDCORE.
,Recommended,248820,16260800,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Jax,Stack fireworks for maximum game crashing fun!
76561198078934873,Recommended,248820,16262987,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Kre'lox,"Risk of rain, this game is an awsome game. You can play with freinds and alone. Its a fun game to play with freinds or play alone if you are bored or dont have any thing else to do. The difficult part is that it gets harder as the time goes, but you still want to get all the powerupps."
,Recommended,248820,16265725,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Dr. Soosh,it didnt even rain
,Recommended,248820,15961168,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Jeff,This is 1 of the best coop game i have played so far
76561198105472987,Recommended,248820,15967526,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,anchronix,"difficult, unforgiving, motivating and only 8 bucks.This game beats you (more or less)."
76561198065797957,Recommended,248820,14376743,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Pun Knight,"A difficult rogue-like with an amazing soundtrack and lots of randomised power ups to keep things interesting. Its very addictive and well worth getting if you enjoy a challenge.Multiplayer is amazing but you need to arrange the game beforehand due to lack of matchmaking. It also has a habit of crashing in the middle of a game, especially when there are multiple bosses or someone is using an item that causes a lot of things to happen on the screen at once. A few fixes could make the world of difference, but at least this doesn't affect the single player experience."
76561198133988539,Recommended,248820,15976059,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,SnowMexican,Swiggity Swooty I Want The Risk Of Rain
,Recommended,248820,15986251,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,kyle-game,"An awesome 'monster dodging', 'escape as soon as you can', and 'die when you are trying to' game!Much fun!Very Game!Wow!"
76561198015679691,Recommended,248820,15986486,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,^2Mr\Mule,Amazing game 10/10
,Recommended,248820,15976131,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Perma,Amazing game ten outta ten - not IGN but i have spent hours playing this game and it is really skipped over by popular youtubers and awesome soundtrack.im gonna go back to playing it now.....
,Recommended,248820,15834040,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,CurseXpert,I stacked 1099 barbed wires and defeated the final boss in 2 seconds. 11/10 would become OP again.
,Recommended,248820,15629639,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Hyrgwen,Le soundtrack.-
,Not Recommended,248820,7693386,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,Noriko117,I expected more ;( not worth ten bucks. while pixel art has its charm... maybe more than 400 pixels next time... disapointing work Chucklefish. But it is still fun for about the firsthour
,Recommended,248820,15631590,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,JABstract,"2D action platformers are far from my genre of choice, but a sale convinced me to try Risk of Rain...and I'm glad it did.  There was a bit of a learning curve which lead to some initial frustration, but once I got the hang of things, and unlocked various items and characters, the game became increasingly addictive.I still have a number of items and a few characters to unlock, but I'm very happy with my purchase."
,Recommended,248820,15633920,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Woodahooda,Play it. You will regret nothing.
76561198100406558,Recommended,248820,15822635,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Slim Jim,Awesome to play if you like to just game for a few hours
,Recommended,248820,15824481,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Wolfhunter,"Risk of Rain is a great game, it is a really fun time sink.  With a host of characters to unlock, great levels to explore and plenty of items to find and use, they game is filled with variety. Though it is true, sometimes you need to be lucky for a good run, at least in the beginning, but once you've learned the game mechanics and found a character you truly enjoy playing, progression becomes a lot easier. So, if in the beginning you find yourself becoming frustrated, I'm telling you, stick to it, cause this game has a lot to offer you."
,Recommended,248820,16006958,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Zitzabis,"The game killed me for the first 20 attempts. But each time I got better, and the deaths became less painful.You accept that you will die as soon as the game begins. You need to accept that. If you don't, you won't make it.The mechanics behind it are great. The constant piling up of bonuses, items that give you special abilities and help you become a walking beast of electricity, rocket boots, purple flames and so much more. All of this adds the sense of being unstoppable only to be remind that you don't own the game, the game owns you."
76561198173603922,Recommended,248820,16007025,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,excelsior,"Awesome game. Truly original. One of the best games I've played in a while. In this game, survival is your only goal because you only have one life. But there's also hundreds of items to discover, and also new, playable characters you can unlock. It also has a great story which unveils itself as you play. 9/10"
76561198006301875,Recommended,248820,16007677,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,The Watcher in The Dark,"This game is all over the maps nuts, balls to the wall action.  It is VERY hard at first, but somehow you find yourself pulling it together.  Waves of enemies in increasing difficulty come at you fast, meaning you are bassically in a panic to find what you need and get out of each level quick.  This planet hates you, and you will make it pay for that.The unlockable characters in this game add more to it than probably any other game in the world.  Same with the unlockable characters unlockable items.Don't let the simple graphics fool you, this will be one of your favorite games.  You will play it every night all night until your girlfriend dumps you."
76561198011849475,Recommended,248820,15969053,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Cranimad,"This game is simply amazing. If you want to play something full of adrenaline and action, but at the same time hardcore as♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is for you.At first, it seemed kinda boring. I was just playing the first levels and it was hard and unrewarding. After I started unlocking characters and items, and getting better and better at playing, the diversity and intensity of the game got better and better.I am completely addicted to risk of rain."
76561198064664577,Recommended,248820,15973845,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]],you should play gem
,Recommended,248820,16225460,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Leifdin,"I strongly recommend this game - is is fast-paced, extremely challenging and it's random procedural generation provides a lot of unique situations which creates a great deal of replayability. This replayability is improved even further by unlockable characters and artefacts, all of which offer a very unique experience. Even with random generation, it leaves a lot of opportunities for player's skills and reflexes to shine. The amount of content it offers for it's price is just amazing - I wish they released a DLC of some kind.So do I recommend this game? Yes, yes, yes, yes and yes!"
76561198062938139,Recommended,248820,15887316,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Stinky Brown,Just buy it.
,Recommended,248820,15888399,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Jpvg00,Single player modeget rekt alonemultiplayer modeget rekt in groupExcellent game
76561197970496033,Recommended,248820,15889923,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Auld,"I can't praise this game enough.  Once you get situated and understand the concept of the game (approx. 2-5 hours) it all becomes a blur.  The music sucks you into an unfriendly world where you must annihilate everything in order to take control back of the ship.The game really gets fun once you start unlocking characters, before that it is alright but it can get rather tedious as you come to grips will the controls and learn the different enemy types and bosses.I've sunk more hours that I would've thought possible and I'm most likely going to sink double what I've already put (45 hrs as of time I'm writing this review)Get the game if you enjoy rogue likes!"
,Recommended,248820,15892385,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Haruka Morishima,"This game is the most infuriating, mind-warping, masochistic, sadistic, mother ♥♥♥♥er, to ever exist.Died at 2:00 on monsoon mode.10/10"
76561197970713385,Recommended,248820,15892452,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,davidxy,"The controls take a bit to get used to, I recommend a gamepad.The concept is very simple, still the game is hard and enjoyable. Even though, especially in the beginning, a bit RNG heavy."
,Recommended,248820,15810373,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,leeroooy jenkins,"46 hours played , still no rain9000/10"
76561198018690200,Recommended,248820,15945168,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Microsoft Word,Found the Command Relic. Game 1: turned my entire game screen into a barbed wire wall that kills everything that touches it.  Game 2: turned my character into a master fireworks pyrotech. Opening boxes launched thousands of fireworks that made me lag like crazy but also obliterated every living thing on the planet. Game 3: Developed the ultimate drone warrior. Had a cloud of 50+ drones flying around me firing thousands of seeker rockets at everything that moves.10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,248820,16003712,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,arizona tears,"great game to play with friends OR solo, lots of different characters to choose, lots of interesting builds, lots of fun bosses and LOTS of fun,"
,Recommended,248820,16029443,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,duke_sam,Great rogue like action platformer. Lots of variation in the classes and items but the command artifact is little too game changing.
,Recommended,248820,16032424,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Voxel,"I really enjoyed the game, considering I love terraria.This game is basicly, a bit more rigid controls, the fighting aspec of terraria.I really enjoyed unlocking a new character, or artifact, like the command artifact. God, breaking this game was reallly fun.PROS-Fast paced action, with lots of characters.Multiple levels, so you could play the game a multitude of times and have a different play through each time.The difficulty system is interesting, and brings a new mechanic(I'l go into it later.)(Much more, just can't think of any.)CONS-This game is very unoptimized, being made on gamemaker could be apart of that.(It got very laggy when playing mutliplayer with lots of onscreen enemies.)No automaticly jumping into games with friends, Unless you've portforwarded or have logmeinhamachi, of the sorts.Game gets a bit repetitive after playing it for hours on end. (May be my fault)Difficulty mechanic.Every couple of minutes (depends on difficulty you choose in the beginning.) the difficulty raises to a new level, making the enemies more difficult. This means you can't just sit around farming, because that means the later levels are much harder. This is good, and bad. If you haven't been able to get a good character build, with some decent items, you won't survive, but if you do, then a good challenge.In the end, I gotta say that it was enjoyable, and definatly worth the 15 dollar pricetag."
76561197973938473,Recommended,248820,16033291,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Deadpixel,"An amazing game, super smooth controls, lots of tension and great mechanics. This game will eat you alive and spit you out, but I always came back for more."
,Recommended,248820,16034086,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Unreasonable,9/11 no chance of precipitation ever happening
,Recommended,248820,16034917,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Lazarus,"Do I recommend this game? Absolutely.It's a great rogue-like platformer.There's tons of variety in each playthrough, and most of the available characters are extremely unique. The soundtrack is great, the controls are great, the bosses are great, the item system is great.Also, there's multiplayer. It tends to be a bit laggy depending on your connection, which can be instantly fatal in some cases. If all else fails, though, there is an awesome local multiplayer option if you have a controller.If it's on sale, I recommend this game to everyone.If it's not on sale, I recommend it to people who want a pick-up-and-play-for-an-hour-or-two game."
76561198125168715,Recommended,248820,16054406,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,kingwalrus,This is a good game for a rainy day
,Recommended,248820,8409528,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Clarque,"Risk of Rain is such an incredible game. If you're looking for a nonstop action platformer that forces you to get better or die, you've come to the right place. The increased difficulty over time mechanic is a great concept, and masterfully executed in Risk of Rain. It forces you to constantly judge if you're ready for what's next.The ProsGradual increasing difficulty forces you to learn on your feetProcedural generation ensures that no playthrough is the sameEach class brings its own unique set of skills4-player multiplayer adds in class combination planning for maximum effeciencyThe ConsPlaying multiplayer is a little archaic, requiring port forwarding and Direct IP connnectionAt times there's too much going on in your field of view, resulting in chugging or loss of framerate(This has been fixed in a content update.)I can't recommend this game enough. You won't regret buying it."
76561198084232308,Recommended,248820,16069218,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,kalhedewits,This game makes me laugh like a maniac with mad power. this is the first game to do so. you get to the point where you cannot see your enemies through the giant sea of damage counters then boom they dead. if that alone isn't enough to buy the game then that price is low. still not convinced. there's a bunch of items which can change the game drastically in your favor.IF YOU BUY THIS GAME YOU SAY GOODBYE TO YOUR TIMEDON'T BUY THIS GAME NEVER SAY HELLO TO YOUR HAPPINESS (and rage but thats not the point :P)
76561198030497613,Recommended,248820,9064283,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Riblet,"Hours to dollars, this might be the best game purchase I've ever made. Also, it's one of the best games I've played.Maybe it's the success we feel when we've collected all the right items and start killing everything in sight... or maybe it's the way my friend David screams in agony when he ruins yet another round for us by getting himself obliterated.Regardless of how, I come to love this game and every session playing it.10/10, would invade alien planet and kill the natives and steal their stuff again"
,Recommended,248820,15939305,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,私は死にたい,"This game is like an Arms Race to see who gets stronger as the game continues.  The RNG is as merciless as The Binding of Isaac.  Overall, the game's pretty fun, especially when you get the right items (or the right artifact)My only problem is that there are a few glitches and FPS drops.  That, and no Monsoon references (Left hand rule, Jack!)."
,Recommended,248820,16086725,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,cainpaisley,"Hordes of items and unlockables including 10 classes with completely different playstyles ensures plenty of replay value for a game that can be completed in around an hour when you get the hang of it. Perfect for when you don't want to commit to a long gaming session but want to try and finish something with some challenge. Until you discover local co-op that is, then expect to lose whole days and nightsA little buggy in places and the balance can be outright infuriating at times, but there are so many good ideas on display that it's easily forgiven. For such a small team this is very promising outputAdded Bonus - the music is some of the best I've heard in a game in years"
76561198086616811,Recommended,248820,16087228,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Time_Master_Nix,"One of my absolute favorite games, and definitely my favorite roguelike. I haven't even unlocked all the characters yet and I still love it!"
76561198101600393,Recommended,248820,16087308,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,MCWARLORD,Like isaac with guns
76561197987498188,Recommended,248820,15979815,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Scythe1344,"A very hard and challenging experience especially when playing alone.In every stage, you have to activate a portal and defeat the boss.While doing this, stronger and stronger enemies will spawn, the longer it takes you to activate the portal.You can unlock different power-ups that sometimes help you, do almost nothing, or even weaken you.You can also unlock different characters with special abilities.I highly recommend playing this game in co-op."
76561198074316348,Recommended,248820,16109982,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,ShadowFlame26,Very well done game. The difficulty is great and gives you the feeling to survive for as long as you can.
,Recommended,248820,16111081,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,kuntus mc.spanky,"It's basically The Binding of Isaac, except you aren't playing as a naked little boy that can, for whatever reason, fire projectile tears out of his eyes and kill his mother and various disturbing monsters with the aid of a bent coat hanger sticking through his forehead while being covered in lemon juice.In Risk of Rain, you increase the ""risk of rain"" byfailingattempting to beat your way through different stages while fending off enemies that aren't spiders, flies, failed abortions, giant meat slabs, your own mother, Satan, and the Holy Savior himself. As you defeat enemies, you level up, thus increasing the difficulty as well as the amount of enemies that appear on the screen. To put it simply, the more time you spend on the first level, the harder the second level is going to be. So, you can either take your time and grind yourself to higher levels or speedrun through the levels. Which ever one you choose,you will die regardlessthat's your personal preference."
76561198079867565,Recommended,248820,16091295,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,A Leaf Man,"Every character in the game feels like they are garbage at first, but then once you unlock all of the items and extra artifacts that make your next run a little more interesting, you love all of them in their own unique way.  Until you become so over-powered that you try to run around and pick up coins just to try and make the game not freeze because of how ridiculously rich you are.  Either you fail miserably or try your hardest to make sure you wittle everything down slowly so your 150 min run doesn't crash in an instant."
,Recommended,248820,16093947,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,giving bad people good ideas,"This game is what you would get if you took Dark Souls and put it on 2D meth. Real fun, fast-paced, tough combat, lots of cool items and classes, maps are different each time.9/10 would start over just to have that feeling of discovery again."
,Recommended,248820,15849890,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,CSGO-LOTTO.com,Challenging yet fun. Must-buy for those who love platformers and rogues.
76561198154605312,Recommended,248820,15851850,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,DjBlaklite,only thing i dont like about this is the learning curve as you get into it. really couldnt figure out what the ♥♥♥♥ i was doing for the first hour or so. seriously. also its hard as balls.
76561198024461287,Recommended,248820,15875353,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,0PtimaL,wuz gud
,Recommended,248820,15876452,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,FryeGuy,U NEED TO GET THIS GAME ITS AMAZING
,Recommended,248820,15817797,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Jade,"Okay, well, it never rained in this game, but it did look like it was going to rain a few times, so I guess the title is correct...Anyways, Risk of Rain is a rogue-like platformer game. You get to choose a character to play as, then you choose your difficulty, and you get sent into the game. Random-ish level design (not ever game plays the same).There's not really much I can say about this game, except that it is pretty challenging, but it is really fun to play.I'd reccomend this game to people who like rogue-likes and paltformers, and people who like a challenge, and people who like unlocking characters and special power-up things by playing the game and doing specific things."
,Recommended,248820,15808310,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,jac1002,It's a good game.I recommend you buy and play it.
76561197961232293,Recommended,248820,9085636,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,no1z,This is one of my favorite games. I keep playing it over and over again. After a few play throughs I started unlocking artifacts which allow you to customize gameplay a bit. So much fun. Highly recommended.
76561198067367865,Recommended,248820,15807253,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Mew,I love this game! I actually managed to break it with the huntress... still a lot of fun though!
76561198107638533,Recommended,248820,15810611,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Adobe AfterEffects,soo awesome when u play with a friend theres charcters to unlock and secret artifacts and cool bosses and the games difficulty is the best 9.9/10
,Recommended,248820,15946708,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Gustav,"I would't really call these procedural generated random levels, there are definitely random elements to each level, but those are mostly frills. Some levels will randomly include an extra part or a staircase may or may not be there but the overall layout is the same throughout. The items and goal locations are randomized, though, so there is a definitely a random element but I think it's somewhat dishonest to call this a procedurally generated game.That said, this is phenomenal. An embarrassingly difficult game that manages to be difficult without being impossible. I don't know what it's like to play with friends, because I have none, but I'm sure that aspect is equally amazing."
,Recommended,248820,15957554,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,dezukan,"HERE IS A GG ARTIFACT RUN YOU COULD TRY:-Glass-Command-KinMAKE SURE YOU START OFF THE GAME WITH LEMURIANS, USE YOUR BEST CHARACTER, GET AS MANY INFUSIONS AS YOU CANH A V EF U N"
76561198045745899,Recommended,248820,15647413,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Bridge Guy,A really unique concept that is very challenging and addicting to play. 9/10
,Recommended,248820,15648340,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,U10Hammer,"This game is brilliant, from the music, to the design. The one thing desired is more levels, and more items; but this game is a thing of beauty."
76561198086949818,Recommended,248820,15648671,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Eagle-i-shot,"My only complaint is that there are no dedicated multiplayer servers or real support. I use hamachi to play with friends but other than that, it's a great game."
76561198055544599,Recommended,248820,15649073,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,John Fuckston,Didnt rain once while i played.Just another indie early access zombie surivival disapointment...2/10
,Recommended,248820,15634791,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Ben Dover,"7/10Pros:Really fun, especially on multiplayer.Huge variety of items and charactersLoads of replay abilityCons:This is hard as Ron jeremyThis is an amazing game and my lord, thank god for controller support and the rogue-likeness.Yis."
76561198008370081,Recommended,248820,15636262,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,drunkmerlin[ire],Frustratingly great!
76561198110532902,Recommended,248820,15637682,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,CoolThulu,so yeah risk of rain good game but has some problems first of all the shooting i hate the shoting because in the game you can not tank so you have to keep moving but you have to stop to shoot so itis annoyig and doging dont even think about it the shots are as fast as lightning the enemies have a tel when they shoot but since the enemy s are coming non stop and you are usually walking back and forth and shooting you cant fastly kill things so usualy you are just jumping i just cheated and got the huntress who can shoot and walk so that makes the game more enjoyable for casuals i also gt all the artifacts so i canmake nice runs anyway the game is hard but enjoyable for casuals eventually
,Recommended,248820,13482191,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Damo,"If you enjoy platformer shooter, this is a game you must buy.Pros:-Tight controls-Rewards fast play as well as slow play (epic loot)-collectibles-ability to alter files easily to repair lost achievements-Variety of playable charactersCons:-Random generation is in this game, though some can be altered via relics/collectibles-Takes time to get used to the game-Characters are unlocked and you start with one, slow to get more than three characters-Skill based game, reflexes required-Multiplayar is a little wonky setting up the game8/10; Really good game but massive time sink. Sometimes frustrating to play due to RNG but you can always reset the run."
,Recommended,248820,13482483,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,WavyBravy,Cant stop playing this. My bro recommended it to me and now I cant stop. Risk of Rain deserves a 8.5/10
,Recommended,248820,13483007,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,DesertPogona,its great and underrated
76561198097787137,Recommended,248820,13484992,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,roppleDopple,yo man this♥♥♥♥♥♥so good
,Recommended,248820,13486166,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,God Mode,It's fun to play with friends.
76561198025654493,Recommended,248820,13486535,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Lorenzo,FREAKING AMAZING. Especially if you got dope a** friends that have your back.
76561198019634184,Recommended,248820,13486692,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Billy Mayes,Teddy Bear: CheckSunglasses: CheckSythe: CheckMagma Worm: OH GOD THE GROUND IS LAVA !!!
76561198043947635,Recommended,248820,13486853,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Kamui,A little easier than people suggest but high replayability and fairly low RNG.
76561198095931488,Recommended,248820,13488635,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Charlie Kelly,Got butt♥♥♥♥ed 11/10
76561198085302477,Recommended,248820,13489001,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Draziw,BUY THIS
,Recommended,248820,13489105,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Bronin,"I'm too lazy to write a full on review at the moment, but if I were to do so with a whole detail of pros and cons about this game. Which it has both of, but it usually ends up being that if you're patient enough to struggle for a while it WILL be a rewarding game with a huge replay value. Admittedly that replay value does wear off as you start filling up your item and monster logs, but I still feel like OMG a monster log whenever they drop because it just adds that little extra reward for that game. By all means you will not get a monster log every single playthrough but you will most definitely last longer, get more items, unlock more items, kill more enemies and if you don't it really is your fault. This game is not forgiving but it's not supposed to be. It's supposed to be challenging and it is. It's supposed to be a game you want to try over and over again and for the most part it is. A few tweaks to make the times I discussed more rewarding and less of a struggle, like getting rewarded for improving like an MVP type reward or even just tutorials for each class (after you unlock them). Sure people probably aren't gonna watch them 1st time but they will when they want to be good with  a character. That is one thing I've found is that I don't play certain characters because I've mastered other characters and can't be bothered trying to learn a new archetype, but if I was shown a tutorial on how to use that characters to it's strengths and how and when to use it's abilities just so I play them."
,Not Recommended,248820,13505698,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,=ADK= Field_Sweeper,"Fun idea, but god damn, I cant even see the action.  I mean if this was a moba, you'd think the players were cheating as far zoomed out as this is.   that's ridiculous.  Sorry eyes, can't play because I cant even see ti :/3.5 out of 10   would be 7.25  out of ten had the zoom been changeable or closer in."
,Recommended,248820,13519074,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Korra,unable to beat 1st levelr8 it 8/8 would tryhard again
76561198046347639,Recommended,248820,7661289,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,WillemDaFriend,"Really addicting retro RPG,Platforming fun! Great alone and amazing with friends!"
,Recommended,248820,13521500,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,LosersKnowBest,"A simple and very fun game. It's challenging, inexpensive, and has a great soundtrack."
76561198019043314,Not Recommended,248820,13522638,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Longfolius,Don't buy this game if you want to play it on multiplayer with friends because it doesn't seem to function in any way. It is a big hassle and after half an hour I still haven't played this game
76561198030691724,Recommended,248820,13522844,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Robofixer,da best
,Recommended,248820,13525104,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Kalslice,"Amazingly fun. A variety of items and characters to use keeps things fresh, and the absolute insanity of the difficulty system keeps you on your toes to pick up more items to be able to stand a chance.Really fun. 4 player online co-op should keep you and your friends playing for a LOONG time.Buy it. Now."
76561198048491800,Recommended,248820,13472714,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,mspryakhin,Really like this game despite many different problems. It gave me so many fun experience and challenge =)
,Recommended,248820,13473223,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Nobon,great GAME!!!
76561198060575467,Recommended,248820,13526272,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,RumblyTummy,"A dificult game, even on its easiest setting at time, untill you get many hours in. But it is worth it, it is a very good game and you will quickly find yourself putting those hours in."
76561198048971100,Recommended,248820,13528584,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Overwatch Intensifies,"If you like rogue likes that are combined with platformers, such as Rogue Legacy, you'll enjoy this game. Has a nice variety of items and characters to play as."
,Recommended,248820,13529841,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Macky,A fun rogue-like action platformer thats harder than a pornstars♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,248820,13531792,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,kenn1,gud
76561198030201386,Recommended,248820,13532289,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Jake the Dapper Doge,"I want to know. Have you ever seen the rain, comin' down like a hurricane?"
,Recommended,248820,13809016,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Calidori,I still don't know what the goal is.
,Recommended,248820,13810193,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,atomiK,My favorite kind of time waster
76561198053526912,Not Recommended,248820,18026125,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Dimitrios1610,"As a single player game, it is a fairly standard platformer with roguelike elements, permadeath, item collection and the like. Character sprites are very small and incredibly hard to see, which makes combat difficult at times.As a multiplayer game, which is one of the game's theoretical selling points, it is a complete flop. Connection does not work at all, and from the few people I have spoken to who HAVE gotten it to work, the process is overly complicated and not worth the time or effort required.Thus, the game's big draw is lost. Playing this with friends would make it entertaining, but since that part of the game is missing, it becomes something not worth remembering. Not bad, but not worth the asking price and easily forgotten."
76561198072582666,Recommended,248820,18039925,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,BEARDED BAD MANN,This Game Is a ton of fun. Watched a few streamers play this got it. I keep going back and playing more and more of it. Addicting and fun.
,Recommended,248820,18040101,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,YaBoyShifty,10/10 Would die again :P
,Recommended,248820,17641670,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,BreadRaveCry,Be careful...Its getting only harder!
76561198073241631,Recommended,248820,18105076,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Annoyin' Mercenary,"great liitle game, funa dn enetertaining"
,Recommended,248820,17961591,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Binary Daoist,Its hard.  I like to play it.  I'm not good.
76561198059041121,Not Recommended,248820,17965071,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Dimmadon't tread on me,"I've only got 19 minutes of this game in. Why? Because about 5 minutes in, the entire world ahead of me was made of platforms that didnt exist, and I would always fall through them and to my doom.19 Minutes I'd rather spend NOT playing a bugged to hell game."
,Not Recommended,248820,17987339,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,RenegadePronoun,"Looks cool, but I can't run it because of a ""FATAL ERROR in Fragment Shader compilation.""A brief internet search indicates that people have been having this issue and waiting for a patch for more than 6 months.Reinstalling, verifying local files didn't work.Too bad, it looks like fun."
,Recommended,248820,17977684,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Oda,This game is amazing have a lot of upgrades and the immervise lonely is great.ps: when you hear the soundtrack the lonely will get you in the soul.
,Recommended,248820,16368402,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,MyCabbages64,I love the difficulty of this game and it is great to play with friends. Wish my computer was better though. Once you get to the last level it LAGS so badly.
,Recommended,248820,30526483,Posted: 15 March,all,smash it,"Fun simple platformer that is fun to play with friends. Game is seemingly much simpler than it actually is and there is a certain strategy that needs to be learned and employed. Team work is very neccessary as well, which the slightly monotonous tasks/combat can sometimes lull you into failure."
,Recommended,248820,18183815,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Pale,hmm rage game but quite goodi enjoyed it :D
,Recommended,248820,18191724,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Slushie,just liek wwe JONHN CENA edition
,Recommended,248820,18192012,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,DeadBot/FastestFatThighsAlive,Really good game i love playing it with my friends its a really hard game even on easy like some of the time this is all based on what items if you get good items its gonna really help bad items its gonna be hard
76561198145955763,Recommended,248820,18214316,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Erbium Iodine Carbon,An Really challenging rogue-lite action platformer with multiple character classes and plenty of items. Amazing soundtrack. Really ♥♥♥♥ing hard.
76561198069621379,Recommended,248820,18115349,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Yung Skeletor,"This is a quite fun game for those who like challenging games, as it increases in difficulty the longer you play a run. I do reccomend buying this, as it's a low priced game too."
76561197995758706,Recommended,248820,18054373,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,The_Jaffe,"Great music, great gameplay. Extremely challenging, and several different characters that make you play the game entirely different each time. There are a ton of collectibles for the completionists, and level order is switched up and randomized between playthroughs. Play with a controller!"
,Recommended,248820,18054035,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Esoterrorist,the forecast has never looked so risky
,Recommended,248820,17898339,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,funnyaviavi,I absolutely loved this game. Great character differences and lots of cool items. Very worth the time to play it.
76561198055677408,Recommended,248820,19154194,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,sixgun64,"Something about this game just resonates perfectly with me. I find myself playing it for quite long stretches. The music never seems to become repetitive, and is some of the best in any game of this type that I've encountered. The gameplay is simple yet difficult to master. The enemy variation isn't huge, but decent enough to warrant several different and interesting strategies for survival. I highly recommend this game. I got it on sale, which is when I'd say it really is a must-own. But even at full price, if you're a fan of platformer rogue-like games, you will not regret this purchase.At one point I had five healing drones, was healed whenever I took damage, enemies dropped healing meat on death, had a random chance to shoot a heat seeker rocket, a mortar, and generate electric fields around myself upon attack. I did bleeding damage, healed over time, and generated gold over time. I was able to purchase every upgrade I came across, get all shrines up extremely high. I was a god. I got cocky, and two of those weird flaming skulls abruptly killed me while I was taking a sip of my drink. I was upset. I love this game."
76561198059843215,Recommended,248820,19124882,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,BigBell,The game has crack value. Addictive.
,Recommended,248820,15783239,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Spyhunter223,It didnt even rain once 0/10
76561198061684518,Recommended,248820,14251731,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,McNuggs,ill give this shantey a tip of thee ol' pip pip dodily do if the bibbly doesnt run out of that crokey if you know what i'm saying
76561197993866385,Recommended,248820,11735137,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,[CKLL] Reilder,"Decided to keep repeating the game over and over to see how strong my friend and I could get. After 194 minutes, numerous unlocks and achivements his internet snags and we both lose 3 hours worth of gameplay. There was a risk, of rain from my eyes :'("
,Recommended,248820,19229724,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,kkum,Addicting!
,Recommended,248820,19222298,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Ultimata,An excelent game that everyone should play at least once.
,Recommended,248820,19248246,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,*Beard flick intensifies*,This game is like dark souls but 2-D
,Recommended,248820,14766608,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Edwod,There is no rain. Only tears.
76561198022063887,Recommended,248820,18564235,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Mystery Gamer Man,One of my all-time favorites. A solid arcade like platformer with infinite replayability due to the amazing simplicity of this title. Buy it.
,Recommended,248820,18575193,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Doctor Mosquito M.D.,now if they'd just frequently update it
,Recommended,248820,18576697,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Potatospiderman,"Damn, my second favourite pc games of all time. Plenty of fun, always different. A lot of different characters and items."
,Recommended,248820,18571701,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Dong Kong,Best. Rouguelike. Ever.
,Not Recommended,248820,18573465,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Big Boss,"When playing in co-op with some friends, this game WILL not give you a second to do anything else but play unless you die.My friends and I suffered from some gameplay de-synch here and there... but most of all we suffered game crashes that canceled out our unlock progress. (We ended up fixing these issues by manually matching up the save.ini file and our steam achievments)If the co-op was stable I'd recommend this crazy, brutal, violent, and just metal as hell indie game!"
,Recommended,248820,18579615,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Blockice raffletrades.com,"Very cool, funny little Indie Game!Especially in Coop with friends it makes a lot of fun!10/10 would buy again :)!"
76561198067879051,Recommended,248820,10052607,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,banxet,BEAST GAME EAVAH!!!
,Recommended,248820,18492221,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,[BAR] Syncrossus,"Amazing soundtrack, unprecedented gameplay, and gruelingly difficult. Want something new and challenging? This is the game for you."
,Recommended,248820,18491336,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,nigglet,"Even though i just started playing, its pretty fun"
76561198004302321,Recommended,248820,18569552,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Cool Birb,"When you first play this game, you'll think it's just another game where you do stuff and you win, but this game, is not like that, in this game you either win or get rekt, it's rogue-like so it's supposed to be repetitive and it is but the RNG saves it, also prepare for annoying platforming."
,Recommended,248820,18507681,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,DA POISE MONSTER,"Addicting as hell, fast paced action that keeps you coming back for more. Though it can be a bit too unforgiving at times, but I appreciate the excess of challenge. 10/10."
,Recommended,248820,18653224,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Blasphemian,
,Recommended,248820,10105276,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,cloakedvillain,I bought this on a whim because it was 40 % off. I had my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me by a lava worm monster 6 different times11/10
76561198005812209,Recommended,248820,17885118,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Shrewinator,"Masochists, rejoice! Risk of Rain will sate your lust for self-inflicted pain and hatred! In your quest to save yourself from this perilous planet, hordes of monsters and various bosses are intent on preventing your escape. Collect as many items and power-ups as possible to, hopefully, tip the scales in your favor, and survive the onslaught of all who oppose you. If it proves too much for you to handle, bring other masochistic friends for even MORE self-inflicted pain!!! Err... I mean... Fun!!!"
76561198148523529,Recommended,248820,18083443,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,ISwearToGodIHadSomethingForThis,"This game is riduculous fun, but you do have to get the hang of it. The first time you play it's gonna be hard and each character has their own strategies that work, you just have to figure them out. After you get a feel for the game it just becomes arcade style fun that you can play over and over again. Worth the price too."
,Recommended,248820,18127096,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Esper,"I got this game a couple of days ago, and i was having fun. A friend of mine wanted to try it out, so I bought them the game as well. We both played together for a while. However, the game kept crashing for my friend, so I went onto their account and started playing until I got to the point where they crashed. I went back on my Steam account, and it asked me if I wanted to upload files from the Steam Cloud, or if I wanted to use local files, I went with the upload from, the Cloud, cause I thought it would have my files, but low and behold, my game had reset and everytime I play the game, quit, and start it up again, the game just resets the progress. The same thing is happening to my friend. Does anyone know how to fix this, please help."
76561198047204105,Recommended,248820,18135840,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Daedros,"This game is a good combination of rogue-lite and platformer. Getting started will not be easy and might even be a bit frustrating but once you ""master"" the first character available, an average soldier,  you'll unlock all sorts of archetypes that have a lot more depth to them and that's when the game really gets interesting. It's particularly good if you just want something to do while you're listening to a podcast or to some music for an hour or so.It's pretty challenging but I would not say that it is unfair, even though RNG is a big part of the game. The levels are always somewhat different but they're not randomly generated. Once you know which areas are death traps and which can be mindlessly farmed progress will be much easier."
,Recommended,248820,18138580,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,LuhvHue,"Risk of rain is an ausome game. Blending old graphics with new ideas and progamming. One ove the best games ever. wheather you need a quik fix, or you want to go till 3 am."
,Recommended,248820,18143668,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Haydenmango,"Very fun and addicting. Things escalate very quickly in Risk of Rain.At first you are shooting just a few stray monsters and next thing you know your screen is covered in missles, varied explosions, and other awesome pixel art all trying to kill you.  Totally recommended if you like intense action.Pros-Seriously epic musicHuge amount of itemsPlayable characters with different play-stylesMultiple enemiesDifferent maps that are all slightly randomDifficulty increasing over timeCan win the gameCons-Can get bad luck with item drops"
,Recommended,248820,18164136,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,DrillPodBud,"You know that you're really doing well in this game if all the explosions, running, slimes, running men with clay pots, missiles, coinage and whatnot manages to lag your game lower than 30 FPS.And that's not after 5 hours in one session.9/10 needs Steam fix and glitch work NOW"
,Recommended,248820,18164449,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Cynical Puppy,I am now addicted to hoppo feathers! Please send help! I just need 20 more jumps!
,Recommended,248820,18685028,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,ChimpZealot,Death and dying and shooting and dying and robots and lizards and dying and upgrades and dying and booms and dying.
,Recommended,248820,30579204,Posted: 17 March,all,嵐 Àrashî,Really good game. Recommended for people who want to enjoy and have fun.
76561198079433720,Recommended,248820,18720230,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Octo Pus Phd,"Risk of Rain is a fantastic game.That could be my review right there, but I should probably elaborate. This game is fantastic for many reasons, chief among them is the gameplay and music. The gameplay is fun and replayable, with 12 characters (all but one need to be unlocked) all offering thier own playstyles and tactics, ranging from charging at the enemies head-on, to kiting a large group around steadily draining its health. And as the game is roguelike it naturally has unlocks and random-generation, providing many hours of replayability. The music is another selling point (although, while the music is generally well regarded by players and reviewers, it is music, and entirely subjective) as it always seems to fit what is going on on the screen.I only have one minor gripe with the game, in that there is no tutorial or any form of explanation about how to play, and as a result I recommend watching a video review or a quick explanation. Don't worry about that spoiling anything as the games story is told almost entirely through a short cutscene when you launch the game and through unlockable items called monster logs.In conclusion Risk of Rain is a fantastic game with great music and gameplay. But little story or explanation."
,Recommended,248820,13478922,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,bwompbwomp,Might be one of the most challenging rogue'ish games I've played. Intreging amount of stuff to do and find. Music is catchy. You will probably die a lot.
,Recommended,248820,13478972,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Thesidekick,"Buy this game, its like isacc but side scroller"
76561197978391976,Recommended,248820,13479138,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,maikeru73,"One of the most addictive games I've played.  All I want to do is get more perks and kill more monsters.  I've finished the game so many times, but keep coming back to it.  Just a whole lot of fun, and a great soundtrack to boot.  Worth every penny."
,Recommended,248820,13479620,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Jello|csgoroll.comcsgobounty.com,great game love it great for playing with friends.Best part is when I got the game yesterday for 6$ and today its 2.50 Lol salty
,Recommended,248820,13479688,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Randoze,"This is a fantastic Rouge-like game where you blast countless hordes of aliens and collect many crazy powerups along the way. It's very hard at first, but it opens up once you get the hang of it."
,Recommended,248820,13479739,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,welfare child,was able to kill a giant worm without getting hitgot killed by a swarm of giant crabs
76561197974488135,Not Recommended,248820,13479774,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Shadowhawk,Fun but currently broken. Wait until it is fixed.
,Recommended,248820,13479997,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,arkmabat,Best gamemaker game I've ever played. Certainly don't pass it up when it goes on sale.
76561198041773731,Recommended,248820,13480965,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Rex Dolorum,"So good. Easily one of my favorite games.It's quick to either pick up and play for a small amount of time, as well as playing for an hour or two in one sitting. The unlockable items, characters, artifacts, and achievements paired with the permadeath push you to do even better on that next run.There's a pretty good variety in the enemies and their own individual attacks, and on top of that, once you get into the higher difficulties there are elite enemies with extra bonuses, such as enemies that can teleport or leave a trail of fire on the ground when they walk.It can be brutally hard since the difficulty increases based on how long you've been playing (for example, after playing one game for 30 minutes the enemies will be much stronger than they were when you were playing for 5 minutes) but once you get a feel for a certain class's abilities and skills as well as the items and how they best work for each class, it can get somewhat easier. I've honestly never had more fun being repeatedly killed in a game than I have had with Risk of Rain.To finish it all off, the soundtrack is amazing.I realize that it's not for everyone, but I would definitely rate Risk of Rain a 10/10."
76561197971367518,Recommended,248820,13497401,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Nightbringer,"Simplistic, but fun and addicting. The developer keeps adding content and is active in improving the game, which is a big plus for me."
76561198112034641,Recommended,248820,12085414,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Telegib,"Fun and simple game with some acceptable graphical bug and bad graphical option: with the latest update if you have a 1920x1200 display, like i do, you will get a window where you play and a wide black frame all around it. I hope the developer will fix that.Update (21/12/2014): the black frame problem is fixed but it still has some annoying bugs, e.g. if you jump from higher distance to the ground, especially in the corner, you can fall through it."
,Recommended,248820,13501710,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,gullwing,Tonight's forecast. Risk of Rain with 100% chance of heart attacks. 10/10
,Recommended,248820,12305489,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,SaintCrazy,"So it's been quite a while and I'm still in love with this game. It's pretty different from the typical rogueluke experience; the levels and monsters aren't really random, but it's still got that feel to it that makes it equal parts frustrating and addicting. The single player experience is awesome as you watch yourself become an unstoppable god or get your puny body crushed by more enemies than you know what to do with. The multiplayer is my only real complaint about the game, only because it COULD be amazingly fun to co-op, but the experience is so buggy that it just doesn't make it worth it for me - even after the most recent patch I still had issues with the game crashing or being unable to complete levels. Other than that, a really great game that I still come back to even though I've unlocked almost everything."
76561197998736987,Recommended,248820,13489849,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Tinius,"A fantastic solid, balanced and varied game. A lot of game modefiers which really helps the game long term with replayability. The characters are completly different, a lot of items to get and a nicely scaling dificulty. And a fantastic soundtrack. My only ''complaint'' is that I don't feel that this game needed to be this ''8-bit'' graphic style like so many other game do now. But not something that ruins the game imho.The game is unforgiving, but not unfair, and will feel overwhelming at first, but well worth getting into. Chech out ShinyRawrquaza's videos if you want some good showcasing of this game."
,Recommended,248820,13492450,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Vex,"Top-notch action/platformer/roguelike/Murphy's Law simulator. Cool characters, neat power-ups that ALL STACK to insane levels, responsive controls. The real-time difficulty ramp applies just enough pressure to keep the tension up if you decide to deeply explore the levels for maximum loot. Great soundtrack, and a neat visual style that's well suited to the mayhem that ensues as the game goes on."
,Recommended,248820,8411276,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Tomothy37,"I absolutely recommend this game for anyone who likes rogue-likes and platformers. The pixelated art style along with the music make you feel insignificant and tiny, just like the developers intended. 10/10, would take the risk."
,Recommended,248820,13823904,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,wolfmoonshine,"A complex, yet somewhat unique take on the ever-plenty rogue-like dungeon crawler. This game has so much depth, and is a somewhat fresh experience. It's hard as balls though. Huge level of difficulty, and a bit of a learning curve. However, I loved it so much, I actually paid for it shortly after pirating it.Good♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,248820,13824612,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Jack Clonan,"Yes! Yes! Yes!The unlocks in this game, and the strategy aspects of the game make it very addicting.The levels are very hard and it makes this game fun.I have grown to be addicted in the past weeks to this game, and am excited for my further explorationof the possible item combinations in this game.If you like a League of Legends attack system (3 basics Z,X,C, and a Ult R), mixed with a 2d platformer then Risk of Rain is definitely worth given a look at. When they sell the four packs it is awesome as well because of the newly added Co-op."
,Recommended,248820,13824740,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,hyattz,"Best game in my library for replayability. Not once have I gotten sick of this game from content feeling stale.Just keep in mind... You will die.Many times. In many embarassingly stupid ways.Its okay though, you're not alone. Bite the bullet and keep playing. The day you get that golden build going you won't be able to stop playing.Overall 8/10Pros--Fresh and unique gameplay-Characters are diverse and easy to use-Large library of itemsCons--Few characters to choose from-Certain items cause massive lag-Elite enemies ruin the game for most new players"
76561198076042249,Recommended,248820,13834619,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Rupy13,"started playing, this seems fun, died to a lot of things, characters are good, addictive game, once u get the hang of it and become a god, u begin killing monsters with just standing still, then game crashes 10/10 would play again"
76561197989665843,Recommended,248820,18974762,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Apox,"Simple, but very additive."
76561198259138277,Recommended,248820,18941080,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,CaptainLittleNuts,Really enjoy this game
,Recommended,248820,18963616,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Sombient,*screams of rage**a controller goes airborne**breathing begins to slow**controller is reeled back into grip**always clicks try again*
,Recommended,248820,30609044,Posted: 19 March,all,Yotsuba,Bring an umbrella.
76561198043087183,Recommended,248820,19088351,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Rolling Guy Master,"Want a game thats hard? BoomWant a game that has good, yet mysterious lore? BoomWant a game where you can colledct a teddy bear 10 times and become a tank? ayye"
76561198104220839,Recommended,248820,19086775,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Jo,"I didn't see any rain, nor any risk of it.""8.5/10, needed more rain."" IGN 2015"
,Recommended,248820,19086244,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,[DNG]Scum,"I am in a constant struggle, I cannot know what makes this game great, but it is. You ask for mercy. The universe collapses in on itself creating a space time vortex that rips us all apart. You are the only thing that is left. You BEG for mercy, and your begging is answered by a quick, yet infinitely painful death.Your eternal soul dislikes this outcome. A small dog is hit by a probe somewhere in space, and is being spoon fed your internal organs for the rest of it's unnatural undying life. I show your unsettled soul mercy. You approve, as time reverses and collapses once again. you are reborn as a small dog in space."
76561198044887216,Recommended,248820,18944928,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Master Plan,"Absolutely Brilliant shoot'em'up with aspects from mmo games such as item builds and abilities. Game looks superb, runs superb and has an amazing sound track. High replay value and easily worth the $10 it cost. Risk of Rain is one of my all timefavourite games 9/10."
76561197997103940,Recommended,248820,18959367,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,conVince,"Really really good rougelike game. It's a lot of fun, alone or with friends. And it also has a great soundtrack. There is nothing better then playing for a long time, thinking nothing can go wrong and then instantly dying after that tought! Love it."
,Recommended,248820,16343059,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Raath-Mon-Tet,"Great game, super fun, high playability and even better with friends. Steam achievements are broken for Windows though! None will unlock!--EDIT--Now they work. :P"
76561198010052915,Recommended,248820,19225130,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Shai Hulud,Epic Video Game
,Recommended,248820,12320895,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Stavi_Deluxe,"Risk of Rain is a fun little title that can often be ludicrously addictive. Speaking as someone who does not usually enjoy sidescrollers of any variety i was surprised to find myself playing this game for hours at a time, it really does nail the 'one more game' feeling.Risk of Rain is at it's most enjoyable on it's normal dificulty setting but unless you're playing co-op or are a skilled gamer, do not expect to see far past the third or fourth level. With that being said easy difficulty allows gamers of any skill an excellent chance to see all the game has to offer, though do not expect a cake walk. Contrary to what the game says unlocks DO persist across difficulties, at least the useful ones like extra characters and rarer items.While tackling the subject of difficulty i must address one of the games major flaws; it's FAR too reliant on luck. The game has random item and deployables in chests to augment your character, MANY of these are Useless or Overpowered and due top their total randomness and ability to stack, one finds oneself at the mercy of the RNG. The run in which i beat the game, for example, was only acheived by finding a huge swarm of drones and a combination of items that made them supremely overpowered, to the point that i barely felt any challenge. Arguably the random loot adds to the addictive factor but one can often feel cheated.Luckily said items add immeasurably to the experience, many changing your playstyle on the fly. The same goes for the deployables, although because of the RNG loot one can go entire runs without finding a single one.  As i previously mentioned some items/deployables are barely worth picking up and others are very powerful, however realising how well the 'ceremonial dagger' and 'will o' wisp' are going to work together, or any of the other combinations you discover, is still a treat. Also worth mentioning that some items show barely any benefit if they stack up and others become absolute god-killers when multiplied. You'll quickly get to know your favourites and test driving a new unlock is always a treat.To discuss the items and deployables further i should mention that a good portion of them are unlocks. The feats required range from the simple to the darn near impossible and have a satisfying range in between.The controls are good but having played with a controller i would have preffered the abilities mapped to the face buttons. As i don't feel the shoulder buttons and triggers of the Xbox 360 pad offer the tightness of control that some of the abilites require. On another subjective note many of the characters are most effective when 'comboing' their powers,  if the face buttons were used it is my belief that it would feel more natural to do so.Some of the games mechanics and systems can sometimes feel a little off and some deaths will feel cheap or simply leave you flummoxed.  A couple of the cooldowns (of both abilities and deployables) can feel a little prohibitive. Both of these points are well illustrated with the 'Enforcer' character, his ability to block oncoming attacks does not always work as intended and can lead to cheap deaths, to compound this his shield barge attack, which can alleviate the former problem, is also on a harsh cooldown.The art and music are charming at their worst and fantastic at their best. One minor criticism is that some of the soundtrack loops are slightly too short and may get a little irritating.Can't speak for the multiplayer but judging by the quality of the rest of the package i'm sure it works well, if you're a Milquetoast Panty-waist that is :P.This is a solid recommend. :)"
76561197971890834,Recommended,248820,12200871,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Takkiebos,Addictive and simple.
,Recommended,248820,12203862,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,LechugasAzules,"Fantastic game that takes a little getting used to, but with the amazing soundtrack and the exciting gameplay, it almost seems like no work at all! Definitely reccommend if you're looking for something that has a lot of replay value."
,Recommended,248820,10672984,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,gruntbug,"Great game if you like HARD platformers. I picked it up in a Steam sale for a few dollars and it is well worth the money. Good lord, I'm now addicted to this game.UPDATE: after playing it a while, and learning the game, it's not as hard any more. Still tons of fun though."
,Recommended,248820,8149429,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Blindjanitor,"Challenging game with lots of replayability. The way multiplayer is set up could be better, but that may improve over time. Easily worth the $10 price tag for the amount of hours you can sink into it collecting monster logs, unlocking item challenges, and going for 100% completion.My only gripe is that it doesnt support Steam Cloud, but I guess starting over with nothing gives it a little more replayability...?"
76561198043621289,Recommended,248820,12209975,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Rabbit,Fun but hard and only winnable if you are pro or use the cheap farming tactic that takes an hour or more.
,Recommended,248820,12212811,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Delifresh,"Roguelike, sidescroller, good but ominous story that doesn't get in the way of the game, multiple characters with different abilities, alternate levels, artefacts (like the skulls from Halo 3) that mix up gameplay, bosses, etc. etc."
,Recommended,248820,12306807,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Leap,Worth. 10/10Top 10. Gold star.Yes.
,Recommended,248820,12309472,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Industrial DLM,500000000/10 lets you know how scrubby you are when you die
,Recommended,248820,12225322,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Knight-Captain Biscuit,
,Recommended,248820,12226267,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,The Dark Souls of Dark Souls,An awesome 2D permadeath game with great gameplay that remains challenging throughout the entire game.
76561197972617858,Recommended,248820,12227594,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Soupbowl,"My favorite game on steam hands down. Multiplayer is a blast, lots of challenge and does not get old."
76561197962196212,Recommended,248820,7649578,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Menos,"I like to blow things up, this game allows me that opportunity!"
,Recommended,248820,12229017,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Arch,By far the best Rogue-like pixel action platformer there is!!
76561198013934594,Recommended,248820,12263460,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Kirage,"Underrated roguelike with online co-op and some serious item insansity.  You can collect tons of different items, and each time you collect a duplicate it increases the effect.  My only complaint is that the main game is rather short."
,Recommended,248820,12265739,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Dracoshroob,"Rogue like games are a favorite of mine. And this is definantly like that. I mean each character is completely different, and requires you to play them each differently. And i really love that, it requires adapability to players. That is something not seen very often in games that have different players, usally they all have something similar between them. The style of it is great too. its simplistict, yet you can still really make out what each creature is. I highly recommend it to other people. Now for multiplayer, it is a little difficult, having to use hamachi or something else. It would be nice if that was hosted in game. Where you could set up a room and people could join in with you, so that no one would lag out due to hamachi."
,Recommended,248820,12339539,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Gamingdude295,"Highly recommendRisk of Rain is a fast-paced roguelike.  Killing enemies rewards you with money, which you can open chests or buy from shops, giving you a random item.  Several characters, large varieties of enemies, random loot chances and special relics results in a almost completely different experience with each playthrough, giving the game a large amount of replace value, as well as being overall fun.Highly recommend"
,Recommended,248820,12342856,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Goose,"An excellent rogue-like platformer, this game provides for nearly endless fun. With tons of bonus classes and items to find, this game will keep you busy for a long time.Good platforming controls, unique upgrades, and the various characters all create a unique experience that won't leave you disappointed (especially for the price)."
76561198004607264,Recommended,248820,7623136,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,zEd,Fudging Amazing.
76561198035629603,Recommended,248820,12333238,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,scruffy723,"Good game lot of fun, but multiplayer is a little glitchy can't connect to my firends ports eventought there open."
76561198067063629,Recommended,248820,7635084,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Rogu€ Djinn,Coooooooool!! \o/
,Recommended,248820,14061018,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Arkansauce,"I've barely scratched the surface of this game, but I'm already hooked. Item collecting and intensely difficult gameplay make for a very rewarding experience.If you're on the fence about buying this one, listen to the reviews. This game is incredible."
,Recommended,248820,14061031,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Andy,fun game
76561198103390878,Not Recommended,248820,14121105,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,The Spooky Booty Bangers,IT SUKS THE BIGGEST BLACKEST♥♥♥♥♥♥EVER UR WELCOME AND WELCOME TO THE RICE FIELDS OTHA ♥♥♥♥AH
,Not Recommended,248820,13841129,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,bluejay117,Dont get me wrong this is a AMAZING game but its being ruined by bugs. I like this game more than terrria but its so hard to stay into it at times. You will know what i mean when you spend 5 hours trying to get a new character but you complete the task nothing happens and you die and go back to start. I REALLY wish that it didnt have to rely on in game servers that nobody has. There are no public servers and when there are theyre open and filled in a second. I dont want to and should not need to download hamatchi or evolve for a game like this. I understand the dev is busy and stuff but PLEASE fix and patch you game. If i were you would wait to buy it.I still love this game
76561198044719597,Recommended,248820,14121964,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Planshy,10/10 almost gave me a heart attack
,Recommended,248820,14063134,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,「あいぇ　せえん　あ　すくぅ」็,"Game is fun, what else is there?"
,Recommended,248820,13513147,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,『K I N G   C R I M S O N』,"Imagine a riot cop with thallium-lined bullets, the horn of an infernal monster, the tentacle of an overlord, the eye of a giant magma worm, a necklace made of monster teeth, a giant missile launcher and a drone army.That is Risk of Rain."
76561198094130505,Recommended,248820,11668940,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,nesuorA,I got rekd and the game called me a noob.
,Recommended,248820,11671524,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Strider,"A fun enough game based on three factors: randomized challenge of finding different items, destroying lots of monsters, unlocking new characters.The character variety is the meat of the experience. Playing as a sniper who can charge up a 2000% damage shot is vastly different from a beast that spreads around poison DoT. The randomly generated enemies, elites, and items with a variety of effects forms your arc. And unlocking more of the hard to get ones will be your pull.Be forewarned that it is prone to unfair situations and you will kite monsters. At best, you're exploiting character uniqueness to plow through monsters. At worst you're figuring out the most effecient way to kite dozens of mobs.But I'll be damned if I don't unlock the mercenary after beating the game five times."
,Recommended,248820,8702344,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Xalthir,"Risk of Rain [10/10]:Do you like becoming a blender of death and fire screaming torturous violent pixel bloody massacre across the fields of battle, waving your gun like a titan cannon that will rupture the planet's very essence? Play this."
,Recommended,248820,11684708,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Robot Trout,"9/10 love this game is rly gud,♥♥♥♥♥u magma worm"
,Recommended,248820,11675757,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Party Cannon,"I was honeslty surprised with this game. At first I thought it would be just another pathetic attempt at a good indie platformer of sorts and only bought it during a sale. After putting a decent number of hours in I find that I thoroughly enjoy it and highly recomend it. However, if you dont like or get really angry at, perma death games I would look else where for entertainment. I have yet to try it but this seems like a very good co-op game."
,Recommended,248820,11678866,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,kodiak,"This game is fantastic.  The replayability aspect due to fluxuation of items and planet generation is amazing.  It's hard as hell at first, but if you get good drops on the first level, it can take you places.  The soundtrack is absolutely phenomenal and the graphics are actually really cool, for being pixel-art based.  I would definitely reccomend this game."
76561198049219504,Recommended,248820,11680617,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Lobstarking,"This game is a lot of fun. I love Rogue-likes and I'm an absolute sucker for pixelated graphics. But the multiplayer is impossible to set up. My friend and I have tried about a dozen times to no avail, it's really frustrating because that's one of the big reasons I bought the game."
76561197981355819,Recommended,248820,11747154,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Ghadaziaz,"My favorite game from 2013. Fantastic variability. I hatelove this game so much. Even after the most rage-inducing deaths, I just click try again and keep going. The graphics are spot-on and the music is excellent. Please buy it and be angry with me while trying to unlock the Scepter."
76561198041739597,Recommended,248820,10687833,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Marbury,Truly kickass game; love every moment!
76561198071210935,Recommended,248820,11737794,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,ZENNON,This game is just awesome.
76561198040405528,Recommended,248820,11739940,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Vigor Mortis,"If you enjoy a challenge, you'll enjoy this game.The difficulty scales with time, the locations of loot chests and the level's ending gate are all randomized, and the end-level boss brings a swarm of extra enemies to fight. Also, when you die, you either restart from the first level or quit out to the menu  - you get one shot. If you want to buy this game, bear in mind that it'll take you some time to get a handle on the finer points like kiting and dealing with different enemy types, and a little longer to unlock more classes. All ten of the classes have different fighting styles that are easy to pick up but tough to master, as well as their own challenges which reward you with powerful items on completion.The game is lovingly presented in a simple pixel-art style, and the soundtrack is spectacular as well - there are unique tracks for every level and boss in the game, and I'd totally recommend grabbing the soundtrack if you're into music like that of Super Meat Boy or The Binding of Isaac. The game also has a STACK of lore for you - each item has its own flavour text, and there are logs for all of the monsters you can kill as well. I've thoroughly enjoyed my time with this game, and if you like a challenge, you will too.It'll break your heart, then it'll break the rest of you."
76561198099851591,Recommended,248820,11740172,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,xHottyGuy69x,"First things first, you die. A lot. In a fun way though. The game is hard and only some characters really feel capable of beating the game in a solo run, which is about the only problrm I could have with the game. The music is amazing, and I would reccomend this to anyone."
76561198047324666,Recommended,248820,11712569,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,noen12,XD
76561198060805437,Recommended,248820,11715216,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,AngraMainyu,"Actually this is Fist of Pain,not the Risk of Rain10\10"
,Recommended,248820,11704227,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Pro Gamer,"Really fun game. Insane amount of death, death and more death. Don't believe me? Go to their website and try out the demo, it speaks for itself."
76561198060000821,Recommended,248820,11697428,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,risforrawr12,This game is so much fun. i spent a lot of time with this game trying to unlock all of the playable characters and decided to buy it for myself. i so recomend this to people who like simple games that play complex.
76561198081328597,Recommended,248820,11485008,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Sacrilige!,"same permence as dark souls, you'll die alot but from each death you learn something.  while it may get a bit boring after awhile it can hold ones attention for a few hours or a couple of days."
76561198013255264,Recommended,248820,11487015,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,BOOOOMNINJA,This game is great! I really enjoy how the difficulty increases as time passes. Adds a different sort of game style.
76561198060647704,Recommended,248820,11487513,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,absurdhero,"Incredibly addictive, fast paced stress inducing gameplay. Great pixelated graphics, absolutely incredible soundtrack. An absolute must play for me."
,Recommended,248820,7621632,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Mighty Bastard,"A hard as hell roguelike platformer. Tons of powerups and 10 playable character with vastly different abilities. This game is all about time. The longer you play, the worse it gets. My first run killed me in about 5 minutes. You need to balance moving quickly through the level with killing enough enemies to afford powerups. Don't want to die alone? Grab a friend or play with strangers. 4 player co-op allows you to die a horrible, miserable death together."
76561198026311808,Recommended,248820,20740163,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,zgabiz95,yis gud geim shood bai rite nao
,Recommended,248820,7743703,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Derray,If you like Rogue-like games you can't go wrong with this one. At least 10 different characters to pick from (have to unlock the other 9). All with different skils and play styles. Plenty of different items to make each play through different.
,Recommended,248820,7662746,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Inso vroom vroom,Great game. Period.
,Recommended,248820,7744849,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Shidoshi,"For anyone who wants a serious challenge in a rogue-like, 2D platform, retro-looking game: this is the one.And if you are not already convinced, it's got both Local and Online Co-Op."
,Recommended,248820,7639864,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,SnarKs,"Look at this game, this game is amazing, give it a lick, it tastes like destructionGive it a stroke, it turns into fire, and then turns back againPick up the game, it'll take you round the universe, and all the other places tooShut up and pick up the game.Awesome permadeath sidescroller shoot at many things game.Tons of enemiesGiant BossesHas online multiplayer(server browser not included)10 different characters to play(unlocking required)ExplosionsDeathDots, more dotsNo rain(okay theres some)Plenty of RiskLava(not the instant death kind)Clapping GolemsDouble DragonAwesome MusicOver 100 itemsAlien worlds♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t"
,Recommended,248820,7652752,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,DRUNK AND ANGRY,buy this and play it with friends.
76561198067540752,Recommended,248820,7690037,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,Pool Ice Enforcer,"This Game is lots of fun and awesome time, especially in co-op! The characters are well made, the items almost always actually help you in the game and have very creative and interesting effects on the gameplay ( !ITEM SPOILERS!: for example the chance to fire homing missiles every time you do damage or a permanent health increase from every killed enemy, instead of the common 'damage +1' or 'health +1' upgrades), and the pixel art looks AMAZING! I rarely had (and do still have) so much fun with any game like this since a long time. If you like rogue-likes and/or action-platformers, I would really recommend this game. Even more fun when you have some friends to play with in co-op, so definitly try this game out :D"
,Recommended,248820,7745648,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,TheSmalHobbit,"This is a great game to play with friends, even if that means dividing up the loot a.k.a. whoever has the cash to open boxes and gets to them first. Still just as fun to play by yourself, the diversity of characters you can pick makes sure theres something for everyone! Even if you have to go through hoops to unlock them, have fun!"
,Recommended,248820,7745835,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,ＳＫＹＥＤ空,"Incredibly addictive game, So many mechanics and a cast of classes that play completly diffrently from all the other classes."
,Recommended,248820,7682485,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Jake,This game is brillaitn with freinds (if you get it to work that is) Fun and challenging.
76561198067566148,Recommended,248820,7746504,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Dravenlicious,"This game is pretty instense at the end of it, and I highly recommend it, if you are looking for a good single player game!"
,Recommended,248820,7707043,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,Manwithoutplan,"It's crazy good. The unlocks are specatcularly hard, and I still haven't beaten a runthrough ater what, 12 hours in? But it's glorious. Once you get above 10 items (Or just a few of the better items) the action gets crazy. Haven't tried multiplayer, my guess is that item rationing would be difficult, but if you're into that... In short it's worth it. Buy now!"
76561197972014273,Recommended,248820,7747131,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Balseraph,"Risk of Rain is an engaging side-scroller survival game. Starting as a commando you have to locate the teleporter on the level and defeat a boss and then all remaining enemies to continue.The game is light and fun with variety in play coming from variations in level placement, monster types, and -primarily- from the random item that you can acquire that can radically change the way you go about your play.Dying is frequent, new classes and items unlock as you play, and the game is well suited to anything from 5 minutes plus of playtime depending on how well you are doing or how many retries you want to take!"
,Recommended,248820,16663687,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Hacks off,good co-op game
,Recommended,248820,16664541,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Ocean Man,This game is probably one of the best games i have ever played it has fun singelpalayer and multiplayer action. this game takes me back to the 16 bit era and it plays like rogue legacy. with 12 unlockable characters and hundreds of crazy items this game will defenitly keep you on your toes. if you have 10 dollars burning a hole in your pocket i would recomend this game.
,Recommended,248820,16669160,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Volcanus Borealis,I'm not sure how I can explain how much you need this game if you're into the Rouge-like/lite gaming scene!
76561198217287448,Recommended,248820,16604643,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,DaRuZy,I love the retro feel to this game. The game is challenging and gets harder the more time you play. There are a bunch of unique enemies and booses that i enjoyed battling.
,Recommended,248820,16605016,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Kob Shobby,"Risk of Rain is a great game that you can continue to play and enjoy as you unlock items when you make progress on the planet. It is a fun game to play by yourself and with your friends. All the enemies and items this game has to offer make each run a new one. You see if luck is on your side to help get the best items to make the fight easier, or, you keep grabbing Tier 1 items and you have to struggle to survive. The whole idea is seeing how long it takes for you to die and it is an amazing experience when you are able to pull through.Overall, I would highly recommend this game if you like Rogue-like games like Binding of Isaac or Rogue Legacy because it fits in with its genre and plays great. With only few minor flaws here and there, I would rate this game a 9.5/10."
,Recommended,248820,16608677,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Darthbatman08,"If you like 2D pixel killing massacres, then get this game. If you like odd monsters, taht look like came out of Satan's Butt get this game."
,Recommended,248820,16613002,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Kenshinta,"When I started this game I honestly wanted to hate it right off the bat, it wasn't nessicarily what I was expecting when I bought it (Honestly, I wasn't paying very close attention). But the arcade style kept me going and next thing I knew I had sank 11 hours into the game in the course of one weekend. The simple graphics and gameplay work very very well with this style of game. Try it if you like old school one and done arcade games, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,248820,8959795,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,AlexWrench,"An action game with some heavy RNG elements. Risk of Rain scratches the same ""I don't feel like thinking too hard"" itch that made us all fall in love with The Binding of Isaac. However, while Isaac had you constantly running the risk of encountering a room that would cost you health, this game employs a novel but mostly simple difficulty scale that increases with time and a slightly more involved combat system that falls somewhere between Diablo 3 and Awesomenauts. Each character has a couple of useful combat techniques and patterns you can learn to bring them to optimal efficiency, and while they all feel pretty fun to play they're mostly all one-trick ponies and a few of them just fall flat. Items don't generally change how you play the game, and usually just passively increase your survivability, damage, or mobility in one of a myriad of ways.Far from the level of complexity in a true roguelike, this game has you carefully gamble your time and money against the probability of finishing an item set that will make your character strong enough to take on the hardest difficulty rank. Because of the ways RNG effects this game, skill alone won't make you win or lose a specific run; it will only allow you to increase your chances of winning. With some better combat and some more ways to control the difficulty ranking, drop rates, item builds, and level progression, this game could have given the player an opportunity to really fine-tune his methods and consequently been a much longer and harder game. But let's not dwell too much on what might've been, otherwise we'll never enjoy anything. As it stands, Risk of Rain is an exciting little diversion. In spite of its simplicity, awkward difficulty progression, and occasional glitchiness, it kept me interested long enough to unlock most of the item drops and all of the characters, which is a very respectable amount of time."
76561198032124148,Recommended,248820,8521775,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Hydropump,GET THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME
,Recommended,248820,8963033,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,AcidWulf,"Well thought out game. Tons of fun to be had and with the increasing difficulty that scales well while you play, puts you into a dire situation where you need to be more aware of your surroundings. 8-bit style with a very good soundtrack, what we expect from this style of art and game play."
76561198056662480,Recommended,248820,8964854,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,osmada,Buy this game.
76561198066436565,Recommended,248820,9015763,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Grimsters,"This game is absolutely amazing.  Incredibly hard, yet very addicting.  Well worth the purchase and I recommend this to anyone who likes a good challenging game."
76561198050897371,Recommended,248820,9018798,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,FMSwish,Tough but addicting.
76561197995838687,Recommended,248820,9019026,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,M_K_W,Hard as balls!Great music.Extremely satisfying once beaten.
,Recommended,248820,9020057,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Carbon458,Very fun. but takes getting used too.
,Recommended,248820,9020313,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Oozekip,"Risk of Rain is an infuriating, frustrating and insanely difficult game, and it is absolutely fantstic. Get this game if you are at all interested in hyper-difficult 2D rogue-lite games."
,Recommended,248820,9021936,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Goatburgler,"Here's the thing. This game doesn't have much in terms of variety. There's only a handful of bosses, the levels only differ slightly from playthrough to playthrough, and when you reach the final level you're likely to have a very similar collection of items to your last run.What the game does have, however, is 10 playable classes. These classes aren't just slightly adjusted numbers. They totally change the way in which you play the game. You start with the average Commando class, shooting from a distance and using your dash to maintain a gap between you and your enemies, and then you might unlock the Acrid, whose kit revolves around leaving a trail of poison and slapping enemies to deal damage over time. You'll find that each class you unlock is even more inventive than the last, and the game's replayability shoots through the roof as your desire to master each class grows.Play this game."
,Recommended,248820,8988171,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Kanye,"With the story leaving off vague, I like seeing many peopel draw connect their own lines. Are you really playing the hero? Though I can see the mystery being unsatisfying to some, it really is an enjoyable game. The soundtrack stands out to me a lot, with my favorite song being Coalescence.This game should not be missed or overlooked. ^_^"
76561197960316802,Recommended,248820,8988189,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,SkunkMastaFlex,"Fun game, keeps you coming back for more!"
,Recommended,248820,8989834,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,MorteMcAdaver,"Punishing, addictive, and maddening in almost all the best ways.  ""Just one more game"" becomes an enjoyable self-deception."
76561198121469829,Recommended,248820,8990781,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,BugTatters,"Honestly, do not questions yourself. The price is good, the game is beyond excellent. Buy it. Now. Do it. Seriously. What are you waiting for? Add it to your damn shopping cart and check out!"
76561198074890729,Recommended,248820,9070331,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,dattson510,"For a game that looks so bare bones, there is a lot to chew on."
,Recommended,248820,9070736,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,S1lv3rsp00n,Awesome for when you have some time over.Very unique in it's class. Mashup - Metroid/Ghosts'n goblins/smash bros/other
76561198031153628,Recommended,248820,9070759,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Adol,"I love this game, it has a great amount of arcade action that I cant get enough of. Some of the achivements were a little misleading to me, at first I thought this game was meant to be beaten around 40 minutes..That is definately not the case."
,Recommended,248820,7706382,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,CyberGhost,this game is just amazing!  even after i completed all the achievements i find myself coming back to this game and playing it until my charcter becomes extremely overpoweredalso was shocked to find out this game was made in game maker i always thought it was a lame toy to create simple projects boy how wrong i was after doing some research  hoping this game will get more and more support and future updates!
76561198041157977,Recommended,248820,8411862,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,El Macho Libro,Great game worth every penny
76561198028244196,Recommended,248820,9071072,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,LiquidTHC,"Excellent game. Features Rogue-Like, side-scrolling 3rd person shooting with minimalist art-style that is quite striking at times.The soundtrack is also incredible and worth purchasing seperately just for listening to on its own.To clarify, in this game you select from one of 10 classes that each have 4 unique skills (you start out with only 1 class available and unlock the rest as you progress through the game) and then proceed on your adventure.The object of every level is to reach the portal, survive the onslaught of enemies and the boss as the portal charges up, and then proceed to the next level. Along the way you can obtain items from chests and other various receptacles - you might not know what items will do at first but some of them can drastically change your playstyle and aide you in unusual, unforeseen ways.The Rogue-like elements come into play in the sense that you only have one life per go and when you die you have to start fresh from the beginning.All-in-all, from the unique artstyle and soundtrack, to the fun of unlocking and testing out new classes and items, as well as completing your Beastiary of the world's various hostile threats and predators; Risk of Rain will provide fans of games such as Rogue Legacy, Spelunky, etc. (but who are also looking for a much more in-depth and satisfying combat system and enjoy the fun of unlocking new classes and items ) with hours of fun!"
,Recommended,248820,9071173,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Gmork,"You will die. And die. And die.It's a platformer that will grind your gears just as Dark Souls did. Level up, gear up and die.Recommended."
76561198040806937,Recommended,248820,9071552,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Antcubing,Best game ever. Get it.
,Recommended,248820,9071636,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Wick,"If Metal Slug met N+ this would be the brain child baby. Fantastic game, while permadeath is evident you are able to increase y ou items and unlocks. Great game that runs beautifully."
76561198040806649,Recommended,248820,9071664,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,/?\,Yes
,Recommended,248820,9071702,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Ardget,"Absolutely buy it. Beautiful sound design, world, and graphics, along with satisfying combat make this game a great experience."
,Recommended,248820,9071726,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Secret Agent Dog,"Risk of Rain boils down to a solid side scrolling survival shooter with semi-random levels and a boat load of item randomness. The difficulty of the game is constantly rising which adds a constant time versus reward pressure as you fight to the next stage. A bit slow at first as you unlock items and suffer the learning curve of the game kicking a few of your teeth in, the pace picks up as you unlock more characters and a larger arsenal. The game has decent local co-op but also supports online co-op which can add a new level of challenge/fun. For the <= $10 they are asking for the game I say it is definately worth an hour or two of your time at the minimum."
76561198037540285,Recommended,248820,9071762,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,TehJoker14780,Great fun yes
,Recommended,248820,9071986,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Charlie4727,"First impressions are excellent, definitely a roguelike, so get ready to die inevitably.Very well paced, great feeling controls, very cool items and lots of coins and loot, good music and nicely racheting difficulty.4/5"
,Recommended,248820,7656932,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Senji,"Addictive, charming and fun little roguelike action-platformer with unlockable characters each with unique skillsets. One life and 10 levels. Loads of collectibles and monsters.Also with couch co-op and online co-op up to 4 players!"
,Recommended,248820,14940587,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,[Anna]Riff Raff,Of Course!
,Recommended,248820,14940803,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,pointyraccoon,Glass is OP14/7.64
,Recommended,248820,14968282,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,RapeFace Henry,One of the most fantastic I have ever come across.
,Recommended,248820,14968395,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Snoeyz,"One of my all time favorite games!! I love playing this in between classes, absolutely replayable, fantastic game! A must have for all skill levels!  My only complaint is the online multiplayer requires direct IP connection (which isn't always possible, due to university firewalls), but personally, that's only a minor pitfall of a hugely enjoyable game!!! For those considering buying, I suggest watching TotalBiscut's ""WTF is... Risk of Rain"" on YouTube, to get a candid, critical review of the game."
,Recommended,248820,14895048,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,295,GOOD
,Recommended,248820,14895285,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,cancer,"i certianly love this game great game play, runs very smoothly, and i beat the game with sniper lol! i would recomend this game to anyone of my fellow peers"
,Recommended,248820,14963990,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Your Annoying Brother,"I would play it, but its to hard."
76561198001810270,Recommended,248820,15368464,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Solok,Fantastic pixle art and endless re-playability. What is not to love!
76561198148415958,Recommended,248820,15370325,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Seabass,vary good games for compeltionist and i highlty recommand playing with friends for better gamplay experince
,Recommended,248820,15385470,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Dr. Hunterz,"I love the way this game started and how much it has grown from alpha. Definetely a ""Must play"" from me, althought it would be nice to see more characters in the future. It's fun-packed, has a variety of items and you'll need some skills too!"
76561198059006504,Recommended,248820,15385719,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,xenier,Risk of Rain combines platforming and exploring with a unique combination of RPG and Adventure elements. One of the most interesting games I've even played!10/10 sniper OP
,Recommended,248820,15400514,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,deeman010,Super fun. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly hard
,Recommended,248820,15402282,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Rexatyr,"Risk of Rain features extremely fun minute-to-minute gameplay as well as a bunch of replay value due to the variety of characters and randomized nature of the game. Combine this with the low price and you'll easily get your money's worth out of it at the very least, but if you're into roguelikes at all you may very well be hooked (unless you're sick of the ""8-bit graphics hurr durr""-nonsense that's been run further and further into the ground over the past few years)."
76561198173598726,Recommended,248820,15406919,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,yordannr0614,"Incredibly addicting, non-stop action and stratregy. Every single playthrough is nothing like the last, and with a variety of characters and game modes you can play for dozens of hours and never get bored. Highly recommended"
76561198066724027,Recommended,248820,15409179,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Skiller,"Love it! It's a game that in my opinion MUST be played with friends to get the full game experience. It's fun alone if you like a challenge, but I find the game better and more entertaining with friends!"
76561197993348081,Not Recommended,248820,16342279,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Sky Angelfist,This game seemed fun got the 4 pack in a vain attepmt to play with my friends but if you plan to play online have fun jumping through command prompts and port fowarding bull for hours just to have it not work anyway. For a game this old on steam to have such an ancient way of online play is pretty unforgivable. The game itself is a fairly fun rogue-like 2 oerson shooter but i got this to play with my friends and i feel like i was lied too and cheated.
76561198002192059,Recommended,248820,16342523,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Matrixduck,"The funnest ""rouge-like"" game ever made. It takes a while to click but when it does....BAM!"
,Recommended,248820,10939511,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Big_Moist,i love this game best game ever 10/10 would play forever
76561198060479111,Recommended,248820,16344448,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,DuckiesRcool,good stuff
76561198020462798,Recommended,248820,16345403,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,azzizzle,"One of the funnest platformers I've ever played, plus it has a ridiculous amount of replay value."
,Recommended,248820,16345590,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Gilkan,"Nice Cost/Benefit game. No more to say. Almost 60 hours if you try to get at least 75% of the achievments. Nice flow of action. A little unbalanced sometimes, but it is all about luck to happen."
,Recommended,248820,16346131,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,The Slugger,A great rogue-lite with metroidvania-style play. Would reccomend for anyone who likes a challenge.
,Recommended,248820,16346476,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,P-Weazy,bang bang
76561198057764303,Recommended,248820,13728418,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Sleksin,"A very fun and interesting game, challenging, but the command artifact allows for a unique way compared to normal.Also, beware the jellyfish, not the boss one, or the one the size of a small house, the standard ones... I hate them!I really hate them! With their seeming ignorance of armour! Their absurd hitting you multiple times at once!Besides that it's all fine.Magma worms are a bit annoying soetimes, but not as much as FLYING BLOODY JELLYFISH!Goodbye."
,Recommended,248820,16318291,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Dahmer's love-child,"If hell were real, this game would be the definition of it."
76561198024559128,Recommended,248820,16318505,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Daymose,This could quite possibly be the best game in the entire universe....
76561198111357970,Recommended,248820,16319047,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Le Fromage,Chef=OPMiner=OPHuntress=EhGreat game. I would like to play it now.10/10
,Recommended,248820,16319541,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Gen. McFreedom,"Play with friends, to play solo is boring."
76561197961418429,Recommended,248820,16320625,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,The Amazing Lostdogg,Not bad.
,Recommended,248820,16324935,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Wingman,Pretty addictive little game. Lots of fun for intense shooting sessions
,Recommended,248820,16120764,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,PaulP,Risk of Rain is as punishing as roguelikes come. The retro style is charming and the classes and items offer a lot of replay-value but what really makes this game shine is the soundtrack that just refuses to let go of your frayed mind days after you've finished playing.
,Recommended,248820,16121686,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,MrMeatsauce,"This game is brilliant. Gorgeous visuals, a crazy cast of unlockables characters, tons of items to unlock and use, tough-as-nails gameplay and replay value that's nearly unheard of. This is, without a doubt, one of my all-time favorite games.Please buy it."
,Recommended,248820,16123068,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Alberny,Missing the feature to save your game if you dont want to play 1 hour and than just simply loose all your progress because your pc crashes with a blue screen…
,Recommended,248820,16253642,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Gelatart,"I'm not the best at this game, but it is a ton of fun, especially with friends online. Great visuals, great music, interesting and exciting gameplay, pretty tight control, etc. It's just a well-designed platforming shooter that deserves more attention. I'd recommend picking it up."
,Recommended,248820,16253802,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Arrogant Dragon,"This an amazing game, fi;;ed with fun and new memories to be cherished forever."
,Recommended,248820,15212757,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,^-^,fun
,Recommended,248820,15212809,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,King of the Losers,Actually a lot of fun. Ridiculously addictive.
,Recommended,248820,15213890,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Holyhealix,"Everything about this game... Just felt completely polished. If a single thing was changed about this game, I'd say it'd take it in the wrong direction. This game is not by any stretch of the imagination easy. Which is why I think it is so addicting. The mechanics are simple, yet it throws so much at you to tackle on just the first couple of levels, that it is insanely hard to beat. 10/10 Must-Buy game."
,Recommended,248820,15214265,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,llcentrell,Ez
,Recommended,248820,15215176,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,I am Ship,"Review for Risk of RainPixel Game!! YESHH!--------------------------------------------This game is really amazing. One of the best Indies I played so far.At first I though this game is like the usual crappy game. But, NOPPEEE!!The combat system is DOTA and LOL like, you have the normal attack and 2 other abilities, and 1 ultimate ability. The art style is kinda unique, actually. The soundtrack is one of the most briliant BGM I ever heard, its so good that I don't even feel like it or forgot to move on to the next level. You have to move fast and get to the next level and beat the final level to escape. If you're playing in a single game for too long. The difficulty level will change from very easy to HELL MODE. To move on to the next level, you have to find the portal. And some times finding the portal is like searching for a needle that is under the sea. Sometimes it could take you ages to find it, cause the map for every single level is so HUGE. *cough* MH370 *cough*.  Risk of Rain is a game that is quite difficult to play (atleast for me).Really bloody hard.This gave me the feel that I was playing games in the 90's. Arhhh. Memories~.  Some items in the game are quite useless while some of them gave you like a really big advantage. GG? HELL YEA?! Playing this game with your friends are recommended.This is my first review, hope it helps (•̀ᴗ•́)و ̑̑,"
76561198039078869,Recommended,248820,15217651,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,King D,"Great game let down by bugs. I can't get coop mode to work at all and cant be bothered to figure out the work arounds, it should just work. Otherwise it is an action packed survival shooter that keeps me coming back for more."
,Recommended,248820,15218344,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Time,"Why din't i play this before simulator 8,5/10"
76561198010854953,Recommended,248820,15218848,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Talu,"Australia's simulator, everything's trying to kill you.Have fun dealing with the planet itself wanting you dead and ripped apart."
76561198031828529,Recommended,248820,15219169,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,KingPretz,"Ham/10, love it <3"
,Recommended,248820,15219390,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,oniretnuc,Really good game first time i heard about it was from indiebox's boxed version i wasn't sure about it when i bought the game on the sale i fell in love with the game i recomend it to everyone
,Recommended,248820,15267614,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,The Insanity of Man,This game is a great game tons of replayability but if any creators are reading there are some bugs sometimes their will be nonvisible holes on the map where enemies are on that just fall into the bottom and back to the top another thing then when you play the game no window appears and if you misclick and press home there is no window to play and you can hear the game but you can't control it But overall fantastic game
76561198066553474,Recommended,248820,15269606,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Trustno1,THIS IS CRAZYYYYYYY!!!! BUY BUY BUY BUUUUYYYYY!!!
,Recommended,248820,15274460,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Plant?,"Brilliant game, very well designed, excellent value for money. This game is awesome to play by yourself and even better with friends."
76561198084749082,Not Recommended,248820,15188625,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Hasbreo,its quite boring and gets old quick
76561198041996238,Recommended,248820,15188917,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Raven,Just get it!
,Recommended,248820,15197094,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,dlwndyd0304,꿀잼
,Not Recommended,248820,15201724,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Trolling is a art,Overrated
76561198151729502,Recommended,248820,15201762,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Pluto,Love this game
,Not Recommended,248820,15202416,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Kim Long Dong,This game i felt was a disapointment. A lot of grinding etc. This game is not bad. but it definetly does not deserve the rank Overwhelingly positive. Compare it to the binding of isaac and other games  with overwhelingly positive this game is not even closely as good as those.I Would Not Recomend It
,Recommended,248820,15204050,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Medjed,"Really freaking addictive and fun!!!! Replayability for pretty much forever!! And on sale!! (in other words, really ♥♥♥♥ing awesome and buy it now)"
,Recommended,248820,9093552,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Evanly,Juvia Lockser approves this game10/10
76561198170239267,Recommended,248820,15230439,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Fougasse,The more you play the easier it gets.It was awesome.
76561198085947460,Recommended,248820,15232166,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,SubstantiateLinuxPersonalities,"Fantastic all around. Great depth to the game difficulty, and how this is about as hard as you want it to be. love the time/difficulty trade off mechanic, which presses you to complete the level in the most effecient way possible. Large worlds to explore and great pixel art. Great diffferentiation between classes - makes it feel like an entirely new game requiring different strategies with different characters. Insane amount of replay value- I keep finding myself come back to this game again and again. It is just absolutely fun to play. A must play. Well worth the money."
,Recommended,248820,15234207,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,GoffKnard,Absolutely worth it.Addictive.
,Not Recommended,248820,15360093,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Jeremy And His Cat,"THIS IS A REVIEW FOR THE MAC VERSION:This game really looks like a lot of fun and I'm terribly sad that it's unplayable on a Mac. As it stands, the game crashes about 5 minutes in to playing, online play requires port forwarding, there's no in-game serverlist(http://riskofrain.cyber-dev.net/servers/7424), and the Windows and Mac versions are not being updated simultaneously... which means it's not always going to be cross platform compatible."
,Recommended,248820,15365877,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,KuramaKitsune,game is hard as hell.but worth it.its 2.49@humble bundle store at the moment
,Recommended,248820,15340388,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Kha,Ateş Edecekseniz Alın 10/10
76561198154837544,Recommended,248820,14522112,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,ScandalouslyHugeMass,One of the best games on Steam.
76561198113601245,Recommended,248820,15348030,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,kumarsa49,Very fun game. Has a lot of replay value with a lot of different characters. You can actually find an articfact in game in the fourth level (you have to make it there) to make the game more manageable by eliminating some of the randomness (allowing you to pick which items you get) so that you can beat the game. Then you can try to beat it without it. There are also a lot of other modifiers to make the game more interesting.
76561198087318642,Not Recommended,248820,15350294,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,ViciousFATMAN,"I purchased a 4-pack so me and my friends could play together.  After all of the great reviews I thought this would be a great game.  Well server's don't work.  You can't host games.  So friends can't play together.  Waste of money until they fix the game.  Look at all the forums and you'll see there isn't a solution to the problem.  Steam shouldn't even sell the game in the state it's in.  I'm sorry I spent money on this broken game, and the saddest part is, if it's ever fixed, it might be worth what I paid."
,Recommended,248820,15353868,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,LynnCarius,Amazing fun wrapped up in a 2d platforming package. Expect to die...a lot. Challenge yourself by rushing and not farming items. Each character has a unique playstyle and warrant multiple playthrus to unlock all the content.
,Recommended,248820,30503660,Posted: 14 March,all,Idle,"Dislikes- Need to fixed frame rate drop issue,>> Usually occur in mid to later game which dramatically effect the player who wish to complete game>> Frame rate drop made me stop to play this game.- I feel repetitive of game play on 38 hr but may worth the price.Likes- Co-op play ****- Unlimit potential growth of character during game play- Large amount of items- Considerable amount of charactersSummary : Worth to try."
,Recommended,248820,15189389,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Von Overkill,Risk of Rain is one of the few games that doesn't put a cap on how far you can upgrade your character. How god-like you become is directly proportional to how long you play. Quit screwing around and buy this game.
,Recommended,248820,15189601,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Little Z,"There is just something about this game... it's fun alone, but it's even more fun in co op with others.  The graphical style is kinda cool in my opinion, but the tons of options, unlockables, and replay value are what really keep me interested in this game.  It's something that I don't uninstall because sometimes I just feel like playing a game or two."
76561198073496186,Recommended,248820,15190323,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,fernando.anciola,"Everything is great (Gameplay, Music, Difficulty)  except for the multiplayer but it still gets the work done."
,Recommended,248820,15190826,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Now,An intriguing game which really shines in co-op.
76561197985889947,Recommended,248820,15191571,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Cpl Spaghetti,really fun game. evey time you play its slightly new and random. make some dlc!
76561198053732404,Recommended,248820,8927701,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Neighbor Vadim,epic every one should have this game
,Recommended,248820,8928870,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Anattar,"Good for wasting time, decently fun and can play with some friends to mess around"
76561198061278757,Recommended,248820,8930282,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Spaghetti Junction,meh
,Recommended,248820,8931942,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,iChi,SO MUCH FUUUUN! hours into it!
76561198003279995,Recommended,248820,8933411,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Mordax Praetorian,"This is awesome awesome fun in multiplayer, a really top notch way to spend time with your friendsOne of those games thats will steal all of your free time for weeks on endIt's inovative and well executed, with buckets of replay value"
,Recommended,248820,8990907,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,catfox,"This is an absolute must-buy, expecially if you see it on sale. It's tough as nails at first, but you'll get better, don't worry :)"
,Recommended,248820,7905281,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Kusudama,"Got it first for myself, then convenced my mates at work to pick it up for themselves and now we can't get any work done!! It is a great game to play and I'd recommend it for anyone! Keyboard Classic"
,Recommended,248820,8995201,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Dan (Darkly),This game is very addicting and fun. The music is pretty sweet too
,Recommended,248820,8996462,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,marioochoa,best game on steam right now!
76561198060313381,Recommended,248820,11089163,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Walruce Bruce,Infuriating enough to make even the chillest of cats slightly less chill. 10/10
,Recommended,248820,11090159,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Big_DONDO,"This is like quite possibly a perfect gamei cant stop spending time on it even after unlocking like everything and honestly id consider restarting from scratch just to be able to enjoy it even more.I am thirsting for a wrath of the lamb style DLC so bad, i wish nothing more than that this game had infinite content"
,Recommended,248820,11240435,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,hello,This game grew on me like literally puss filled crab spot on the side of my face that killed my family. The game at first seems overwhelming but once you get your teeth into it the game becomes a tense joy that kept punishing and making me come back for more. Amazing visual style and gameplay. Totally worth £6.99 any day :D
76561198006701180,Recommended,248820,11240886,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Champion Balderdashing,SHOOT THE GUYS AND THEN DIE
,Recommended,248820,11243861,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,ReGgiEn00b,Surprisingly compelling and replayabilty.  Really enjoy the co-op.
,Recommended,248820,11244635,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Tex,5/5 bretty good
,Recommended,248820,11245883,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Italian Pimp,This game is awesome <3
,Recommended,248820,11246125,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,"A2, 2B, 9S","It a great game, when played with a friend. There bad things wish they did. Upgrade the performance, it really bad once you are within 45 min of the game. Also the map seem limited, wish there was more place. If those two thing are place, I would have love this game."
,Recommended,248820,11249485,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Daddy,awesome sauce
,Recommended,248820,11250741,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Lauro,Awesome.
76561198037361321,Recommended,248820,11251148,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,g-mecha,"one of the best games i played in a whileyour space ship has crashed and you find yourself stuck on a hostile planetto goal to each level is to find a teleporter end survive while you find items on the waythe game has 10 different classes, each with a different play style to keep the game freshthe game is simple to learn but it can get very hard later onthis is great co-op game that you should try out with your friends"
,Recommended,248820,11252385,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Skrull,This game is amazing. You should probably buy it now.
,Recommended,248820,11254143,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,TrueLight00,"This game is spectacular and, while dungeon crawling to an extent, is expanded to an extent that it's virtually a new experience each time you play. One game could give you powerups that increase speed and healing. Another could give you the ability to launch rockets while running at high speeds. Seriously, get this game and try it. I love this game."
76561198058766319,Recommended,248820,10118842,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Lodugh,A rogue-like game where you HAVE to play tactical. There are many classes and each plays different. Just a great game!Contra: The Co-op makes it much too easy. Furthermore some things are not balanced very good.
76561197974671722,Recommended,248820,11234188,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,JasonMastirsistim,"Insane, addictive fun. Especially with friends in the co-op modes!"
76561198015334106,Recommended,248820,7683266,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Ruuk,"Hard, but so so good."
,Recommended,248820,11180568,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Fuckin' Mike,Going on my favorite games of all time list.Soundtrack is amazing also.
76561198051913761,Recommended,248820,11181795,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Morganzor,40h of fun and still getting funnier.
76561198065751939,Recommended,248820,14501617,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Fukken Cumming,its fun and replayable. buy it.
76561198104641213,Recommended,248820,13838743,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Whimsark,"Great pixel game pretty much nitrome must die(remember that?) on super steroids with class systems, online co-op and perma-death with binding of isac style items.Be sure that your systems are up to snuff or risk constant heartbreaking crashes."
76561198210784200,Recommended,248820,14506907,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Karawan,"Risk of Rain, is something that I just can't get away from due to it's diffuculty and harsh enemies. It something that I've put many hours into and the random items you find reminds me that of BInding of Isaac."
,Recommended,248820,14507835,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Fallen,"I launched the game and started a game. I found the portal. I hit ""A"". I died after my computer crashed from all the Lemurians.10/10 Would rain on again."
,Recommended,248820,14381838,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,El-g,"Risk of Rain is a game that is an amazing work of trial and error. From start i didnt like this game and thought it wasnt fun, and felt kinda out of place. But soon did i realize that the loot money and ability system worked so well together in unity. I now find myself popping this game open when i wanna have a quick little burst of fun that requires skill and mastery (sorrta in the same way binding of issac). This game is a ton of fun and i highly reccomend that u buy this game and play it with a few people.i give Risk of Rain a solid 8/10 For fantasic gameplay and highly addictive way to earn and play new classes."
76561198020474036,Recommended,248820,13218609,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,i^2,"Great game. Lots of fun. There is talent here. I recommend based upon enjoyment I recieved from playing the game with my friends (although we had to work to make the game work for us, read below).The platform choice (Game Maker) is riddled with bugs and is not optimized for performance. The game crashes and slows down when battles get intense (amongst other things). Game Maker is a good hobbyist platform, but not a serious platform for development.I can't get too critical seeing how this is a two-man team, both devs students at the University of Washington. To there benefit, I was pleasently suprised what they were able to pull off using Game Maker, yet I still find the platform choice fundamentally flawed."
76561198047571567,Recommended,248820,13633979,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,rip in reef,"Hard, but fun and very satisfying. I personally have never experienced any gamebreaking bugs in singleplayer. (multiplayer may still be unstable)"
,Recommended,248820,13636384,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Skitter,"When me and my big sister play, she always gets fed (LoL term) off of killsteals and she ends up level 20 while I am barely at level 5. Solid gameplay, no bugs apart from the heads-up display disappearing in multiplayer when i go below around 25% health and I'm not the host. Buy it."
,Recommended,248820,13639814,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Arrrh,Awsome game.  A lot of fun for a short time.
76561198081361786,Recommended,248820,13312039,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Rhyne,"If you like crushing but rewarding difficulty, GET THIS GAME. it is crazy hard, super addicting, and extremely fun and rewarding. you will die. you will rage. and you WILL love this game. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,248820,13312187,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,(Jap) Loli's are endangered,"An amazing and breathtaking game, ever since I first got this game I haven't stopped playing. With so many achivements, classes, enemys, items, and things to unlock, the gameplay is near endless. With the artifacts it can make the game easier, or you can give your self a real challenge. Every run is different, and has it's own up's and downs. But that's what makes this game so great, endless possibilties of fun and death."
,Recommended,248820,13313087,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Sammael,Risk of Rain is an insanely addictive rogue-like side-scroller RPG. It puts you in a random spot on a planet and asks you to look for a teleporter. It sounds simple but its endlessly engaging really.
76561198120181297,Recommended,248820,13300061,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,cumdrop420,"SICK game. Cute graphics, smooth controls, like 12 classes with unique and interesting abilities and playstyles (though some are rather difficult to unlock). Plays a little like a roguelike terraria, only wasd instead of mouse to use abilities.Great replay value, you can unlock even more items by playing. Could use more enemies.Multiplayer is weak at best, the built-in is mediocre but when you use a third-party service like Evolve, it's really fun with friends."
,Recommended,248820,13304867,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,😿217,FUNBOMBS GLASS OR BUST
,Recommended,248820,13584007,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Sh-Boom,This game is pretty amazing. I highly reccomend it.
,Recommended,248820,13586385,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Hiwu,It would be nice if they would create their own server without us port forwarding. Kinda having a huge problem hosting this game as i always host for my friends in every other game. This is the only game that goes through menstrual cycle by letting me host one minute and failing to host the next minute. Awesome game though 8/10
76561198163612769,Recommended,248820,13586664,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,louass85,"awesome game  ! i've put in like a hundred hours on my friends comp prior to buying my own copy and have not got bored with it. It gets harder the longer you play and the graphics are very old school, it just feels like a cool old school sega genesis game"
76561198122409473,Recommended,248820,13729088,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,SwagDad5000,so i just played this game for 2 hours and all of a sudden the game just quits and aborts to a white box how do i fix this?
,Recommended,248820,9244710,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Hummus Badger,"This game is an absolute delight.If you love action, platforming, collecting powerups and battling hordes of aliens, this is for you.Pick a character (well, after unlocking them) and try to escape the hostile alien planet you're on! It gets punishingly difficult as you progress, but never feels unfair. Sharp reflexes and good strategy get you far, and every time you die, you'll want to jump right back into another game. The random powerups and ever-changing levels layouts make you want to just keep going, seeing how strong you can get and how far you can go.There's a ton of fun to be had, characters, powerups, and stuff to be unlocked. I haven't tried multiplayer yet, but I imagine this would be even better with a group! A great purchase, I totally recommend this."
76561198063167584,Recommended,248820,8151233,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Pastapockets,"Debate all you want over what constitutes a roguelike or roguelike-like or rogue-lite but this is a fun little random drop based game. Somewhat challenging at first, and highly dependent on lucky drops, but it's a blast and will keep you coming back. In dire need of some new content though."
,Recommended,248820,9249731,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,FireAKA,This game is very fun and very challenging. We had a group of ten players the other day and it is immensely hard. However with enough focus it is possible to beat. Its pretty much non-stop action and hilarious to play with a nice sized group. I recommend sticking to 4-5 players though as things get somewhat buggy with more players.
,Recommended,248820,9309594,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,tmszwatt3,"Risk of items! Its true no run will be the same, 10 classes to play and a ton stuff to unlock. When i started it felt a bit clunky - what to do there are so many enemies on me halp! BAM dead. But after some practice dealing with tons of enemies become second nature >:) classes are unique from mele spiting acid monster, uber dashing miner to shielded armoured enforcer that shots gun, throw granades and bash with his shield. And items OMG so many of them (over 100) and each one doing something else usefull for you welp exept headstompers >:)Worth the buy? Definetly YES from me!"
,Recommended,248820,9325438,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Violante,"This game is rather addicting, and somewhat rage worthy at times."
76561198003347546,Recommended,248820,9335955,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,RazorDash,"My favorite roguelike-like game. The sci-fi setting, soundtrack, and gameplay are all stellar. Multiplayer makes it even better if you know how to port-forward and configure your firewall.The netcode seems like it could be better, since sometimes you may have some pretty laggy games online, but it doesn't stop from recommending it to anyone who likes difficult loot-crazy roguelikes."
76561198080425878,Recommended,248820,9337226,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Frost The Wanderer,"Risk of Rain is a 2-D Survival shooter. Over time, monsters spawn, each one stronger than the last. The goal is to beat the game as quick as possible. This game is challenging, fun, and rewarding. You can play with friends or try and solo it. This game is unique and is quiet interesting."
76561198003484404,Recommended,248820,9337402,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,KernelPanik,"I find this game interesting and frustrating and a very good buy. The difficulty in each level increases until you find the end portal. Once you activate it, you can't leave until the boss is killed and/or the 2minute timer has ended. After you kill the boss and the 2minutes are up, monsters finally stop spawning. It requires constant movement, constant drive-by attacks, because if you stop to kill stuff they will just keep spawning and overwhelm you. There are ""perks"" you pick up from chests and monster drops. These perks stay with you until you die. But, each level gets more difficult, so grab as many perks as you can along the way. The graphics are a little cheesy but love the soundtrack."
,Recommended,248820,9337860,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Habulst,"I have only recently learned what a rouglike-like is and im glad I found out. The name and genre squabbling is silly but the game is fun. Its simplistic  but the look is still interesting and the 4 different attacks, unlockable classes  and power up management add some skill and replayability. Its hard but not so hard that you wont have at least a few good runs. Worth $10 for sure."
,Recommended,248820,9338921,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Slug++,"It's a really fun game, and i fully reccomend it, however, THE BLOODY GAMEPAD SUPPORT IS A LIE."
76561198068909262,Recommended,248820,9063645,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Prof. Prowler,I highly recommend this game to people who dont mind a little challenge. It's not for people with short attention spans.
,Recommended,248820,9063977,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,T-Dawg,"A fun, side-scrolling rogue-like platformer/shooter. Nothing particularly bad to say about this other than some of the enemies can be rather annoying."
76561198044213916,Recommended,248820,9064020,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,"It Is I, SpOoKy DoCtUm!","Rougelike action platformer shoot-em-up, what a concept! This is by far and away one of my favorite games on Steam. It combines hard-as-nails difficulty with frantic platforming and items you will ALWAYS look forward to aquiring. Combine that with an ever changing series of levels, a truely sinister difficulty curve, and wicked bosses and this game will kill you, but you'll be back for more again and again. You don't know true satisfaction until you've beaten a game that plots against you actively."
,Recommended,248820,9064102,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,RANDOM 80s LYRICS,You shoot/stab/bite things. They shoot/stab/bite you. You die. You live. You collect items. You try to collect items. You get through 5 stages. You get to the end. You complete every stage three times. You get more items. You get more levels.You shoot/stab/bite more things. You forget what time it is. You forget that you have work in the morning....it's an awesome game.
76561198124546392,Recommended,248820,9064224,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Baa,I do recommend this game its fun and i spent much time with this but the multiplayer is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to get running
,Recommended,248820,9064235,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Worldturtle,"Yo, Risk of Rain is dope. Get it and let's play.Regards,WorldturtleP.S. Arcid OP."
76561198025845125,Recommended,248820,9064392,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,FluffyBacon,"I highly recommend this game for people who like rampaging through hordes of monsters. It starts out a little slow, but the further you get, the more fun it gets, having an array of items only adds to this and the fact that after a death you have to start over increases replayability. the different runs really are different."
76561198005248610,Recommended,248820,9398486,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Elmberry,Fun game with simple graphic. I highly recommend this game. :)
,Recommended,248820,10204040,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Sgt.Politeness,"Extremely fun, a perfect game for me."
,Recommended,248820,12633052,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Trump Card,"spent 2 hours farming for items, game couldnt take my dank swag of items, explosions and missiles everywhere, framerates gone ballistics. 101/10"
,Recommended,248820,12634622,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Blaze,"So addicting. I keep saying, ""Just one more round."""
76561198042191619,Recommended,248820,12275709,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Mr.Mc Fuzzy Pants,"This is by far one of my favorite roughlikes, this game is an example of this genre done right. While playing you wont blame the game for your loss because there will be somewhere you messed up or could have done better. The time based dificulty really improves the scaling of the game and keeps you on a tight clock. All in all amazing game 10/10 would wasted life on"
,Recommended,248820,12635620,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,The Dude,"This game has amazing artwork, music, and overall style, thus i would recommend it to all."
76561198039497609,Recommended,248820,12730820,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,unbreakable trayne,"I first bought this game and played 5 solid hours without realising. Great gameplay, a nice art style, and hours of fun.I'm giving it 7/10 however because the game is incredibly buggy. After unlocking three new characters and two relics in one run, I was checking them out in the select character screen and the game crashed. I restarted it and all my new unlocks were gone."
76561197991435059,Not Recommended,248820,12731135,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Search_Warrant,As it stands i had a ton of problems and consistantly with this game. online is a buggy mess and offline this game is glitching. mobs getting stuck in walls i cant hit them. invisi walls. places i cannot jump. Cant see my Interface when dieing and my friend continues to next lvl. seriously guys fix this broken mess of a game. i had to quit my game just now because a enemy was stuck top corner of the map and another mob was constantly flying on a jet boost thing in the ground and wouldent come down no matter what. they only just fixed a game breaking EXP bug like yesterday.Fix it and i might change my mind.
,Recommended,248820,12733374,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Genovan,this....game....is....AMAZING its a great platformer with good gameplay if you like indie games and platformers like i do 9/10
76561198055913005,Recommended,248820,12733583,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,ɹǝǝpᴉnbS™,This game is how I imagine Pikmin would have gone if Olimar never uprooted those little guys.
,Recommended,248820,12733799,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,v a p o r w a v e,It's all just so good.
76561198013054500,Recommended,248820,12734514,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Hauzuwienix,"Risk of Rain is a bit complicated and hard to get on with.It is like most good books are... boring at the start. A long way to get the first good artifacts and unlock some of the good stuff. I almost failed 35 times to make the very first level + 1st boss! I was about to uninstall it again.But as I saw the list unlockable stuff and watched the internet where to find those artifacts... my motivation came back to me. So I played it full throttle!And voila!What a blast! Upgrades and artifacts and the game goes boom! Not only visually or theoretically...at some point when you are getting totally overpowerd, even my sound card nearly died on all those explosions and rockets and lasers and machine gun drones, I even called clone ghosts of my enemies, so they will fight for me as well.My FPS went down from 60 to 20 if hell broke loose. On my friends PC with lame graphic he totally saw the action in single picture slow-mo with awesome 4 frames per second.Especially if we played it together.It is a slowing down moment if you see the videos here or on youtube, then play it for yourself, seeing that you are totally lame and weak and slow. But hey... you must learn to crawl, before you can try to walk.Once you've overcome the point of ""I will uninstall this boring piece of crap"" and play along and look for some good artifacts (best to find first are the one for ""500% damage"" and for the ""no random chests"" because then no longer the items spawn random, you can choose what you want and will start to create your ultimate warrior!). Once you've managed to get some of the good stuff, the party is about to begin. Longest match I've had was 340 minutes! I was so overpowerd, I could've destroyed the whole planet with a single blink of an eye. ;-)This game will make you angry! This game will bring you to your limit! This game will totally get on your nerves! But at some point... you will fall in love! :-D And then, the addiction comes into play. ^^Have fun!I love the new update! New upgrades, new chars... I am wondering if there will be another level with new enemies as well...Risk of Rain is THE awesomest indie game there is! Totally love and hate it!BUY IT! PLAY IT!"
,Recommended,248820,12726410,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,GFireNexus,"This game's great! You may start out terrible at it, but eventually you'll feel like a pro.Until you play hard mode. God daamn."
,Recommended,248820,12718947,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Enfyve,Rougelike? Check. 2D platformer? Check. Fast paced challenging gameplay? Check. The gameplay/visual aesthetics are spot on.
,Recommended,248820,12720692,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Aeroflame,"Amazing game. The difficulty curve is perfect. When it starts out, it seems impossibly hard, but each time you get further and further. While you do unlock some better items, it feels like most of your progress is actually you getting better at the game. The music is awesome and sets the atmosphere of the game up perfectly. The gameplay itself is excellent. While sometimes I didn't get the best items, I never felt like I died arbitrarily died - it was always something I didn't handle carefully (or quickly!) enough. The increasing difficulty in real time not only induces a variety in strategy, it encourages fast placed gameplay which is more fun. Overall, highly recommended. Get it!"
,Recommended,248820,12795580,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,JoBoken,Relaxing entertainment for family and friends
76561198065919399,Recommended,248820,12797361,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,BARACK OBAMA CONNOISSEUR,"Amazing game to play by yourself and almost perfect when you have another player to share the screen with. Local co-op with this game is a blast. (Playtime looks like less than it actually is because I played the demo beforehand.) You'll always be having fun with this game, in fact so much that you might not realize it while it's happening. Exhilarating to say the least and with a team of two it's a keeper."
76561198113635674,Recommended,248820,7730063,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,-.-,Cool Game
76561198063387871,Recommended,248820,12798082,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,PhantomKirby,So damn good.
,Recommended,248820,12798842,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,yet to smoke a penis,awesome flat out awesome its great with friends very stressful and just fun
,Recommended,248820,12812844,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,yourself,My favorite casual game of all time.
,Recommended,248820,12805976,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Qwackas,Made the ghosts of children kill their parents. 10/10
,Recommended,248820,10337799,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Legion,"Honestly, his game is amazing. The whole point is replayability, with something different happening with each run. I quickly became addicted to trying to unlock everything in the game, and after 82 hours I still haven't reached 100% completion. Play this game!"
76561198043285755,Recommended,248820,10378073,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Tiffany Toots,Probably one of the best games I've ever played.Multiplayer and Solo are both INCREDIBLY addictive and replayable. I've spent hours on end playing this on a friends account and my account (after buying for myself).10/10i'd change nothing.
,Recommended,248820,16267273,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,JaiBee,"Fun game to play solo or with friends. However, if you plan on playing with friends online, then you'll need to do a port forward."
76561198076285701,Recommended,248820,16267696,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Gorgon,reely gud
76561198062548490,Recommended,248820,16268194,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Goatface,This game is amazing you need to get it
,Recommended,248820,16269709,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Gromchan,"Game has tons of potential that unfortunately will never be realized. Maybe one day it'll get a dev that isn't lazy and incompetent. Still loads of fun for what it is I suppose, and multiplayer can be great when it works right."
,Recommended,248820,8737650,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Sage Soma,very fun and hard at the same time. You will enjoy this game even better with friends as well.
,Recommended,248820,8742572,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Ryuke [TBM α],Great short game for if you've got an hour or a couple hours in a row to fill.
76561198025009994,Recommended,248820,8743053,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,stever98,"If you're interested in sticking with a game for a while and learning it in and out, Risk of Rain is the action-platformer-RPG for you. You will die a lot, but with every death comes more mastery of a class, of items you picked up, and of the enemies you learn how to fight.Many games that go for catharsis instead of difficulty tend to have ""the fast enemy,"" ""the slow enemy,"" ""the flying enemy,"" etc., all fairly bland but fun enough to shoot or cut through. In Risk of Rain, every enemy has personality, a different way of attacking, and various ways to approach killing it. Or two of it. Or ten of it. At first it's a bit much, but eventually you figure out a strategy and it starts working. Suddenly, the first and second levels are a breeze, and now you're learning the third level of the game and its unique challenges.Risk of Rain is not a simple game, but it's not overly complex either. This allows it to be difficult in a perfectly fair way -- you have to adapt to the items you acquire, yes, but they're all useful in defeating your foes. The light complexity and randomness combined with the static nature of your class and the maps used let you become engaged with a game that rewards you for being on your guard and keeping an open mind.If -- and ONLY if -- you're willing to be a curious explorer, and are least okay (not necessarily great) at twitch gaming, I heartily recommend Risk of Rain. If you want to just cool off after work, this isn't the game for you."
76561198018054802,Recommended,248820,8743301,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Colin72GJ19,It good
,Recommended,248820,9056711,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,leviathainlevi,Yeah. This is quite fun.
,Recommended,248820,9056808,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Exaemo,"This is not an easy game, by any means. Does this make it an undesirable experience? Apparently not, if Demon's/Dark Souls and Flappy Bird (yes, really) are any indication. It has a flat cliff face of a learning curve for the first five minutes as you get adjusted to the flow and then becomes a satisfying lethal adventure.It is by no means a 2D side-scroller whose objective is to maximize your score above all else. No, indeed Risk of Rain brings with it a simply presented but peculiar story, a slowly revealed cast of characters with each unique methods of combat and a flora and fauna of mobs and items worth reading about and hunting for. You'll also be running for your dear life more than that last run on sentence.There are many elements of Risk of Rain that might draw you in to play it: the pixelated art graphics, the many many creatures that you will face, the lore of the world you play in (and are inevitably destined to die in as time/difficulty escalates) but possibly the most impressive of them all is the soundtrack. Just give the trailer a look and I would be surprised if that alone didn't pique your interest.5/5 clapburgers"
,Recommended,248820,9058191,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,CuddleKat,yes
76561198012958627,Recommended,248820,9058463,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Lord of the Wizards,"If you like games that aren't fun, then Risk of Rain is for you."
,Recommended,248820,9058572,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,HoopsScoops,"Fairly fun roguelike, gets extremely frantic at times though"
,Recommended,248820,9058616,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Velkrin,Great game! Especially if you like rougue-likes.Even with the game needing you to portforward right now for you to play a multiple player game with friends on different intermet connections.
76561198042884702,Recommended,248820,9058694,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Strider,"It's on sale right now, I would absolutely recommend getting it. You will get much more than your money's worth, this game is great. It is extremely fun with friends. I picked it up when it was like two bucks during the winter sale and instantly put well over thirty hours in it, and there's a fantastic soundtrack to boot. Risk of Rain is awesome, I guarantee you won't regret getting it."
76561197962183620,Recommended,248820,9058896,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,LordSlapNut,This game is tough and fun.  Make sure to play with friends because thats the best way.
76561197990946490,Recommended,248820,9058988,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,PinkieDash,"This game is super fun.. make sure to bring a friend because it only adds the awesomeness this game is.  Though I choose to stil recommend this game, there are 2 major complaints I have regarding it.1.  Once you learn the levels, bosses, and game mechanics, the game gets really easy and for a rogue-like, the word easy shouldn't exist2.  I bought this game with the expectations that there would be updates to balance and add new content.  There have been very little of both of these.  I will gladly play this game more if they do pump out more content though."
,Recommended,248820,9059143,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Subversio,Addictive game that actually offers a difficult and fun challenge.  I have yet to beat it on monsoon!  Highly reccomend.
76561198058971906,Recommended,248820,9061013,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Günther,Tis fun
76561198065723989,Recommended,248820,9061081,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,BUKIT | ThorsCousin,Seriously. So awesome. Art. Music. Perfect gameplay.
76561198007477147,Recommended,248820,9061328,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,tagtheslayer,"Alot of fun, learning curve can be a little steep but not too bad. Multiplayer is best if you have a group of friends with so you dont have one person taking all the items."
,Recommended,248820,9061434,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Somfin,Probably one of the best roguelikes on the market.
,Recommended,248820,9061532,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Crispin Freeman,"Fun as heck, and super tough. You will die a lot, I promise."
,Recommended,248820,9061568,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Sir Jqim,"This game is absolutely sicknasty. Especially if you love a challenge, and getting so OP that missile fly out of your but every time anyting even gets near you."
76561197964065897,Recommended,248820,9061656,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Dialectical,And so he left...praying for a sequel
,Recommended,248820,9061809,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Alufolie,"One of the best rogue-likes available at the moment. It's on sale now too, so it's definitely worth getting it."
,Recommended,248820,9058276,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Cleaner,"The local play is brilliant, and the game totally hearkens alllll the way back to a simpler time, doing so with style and effect. Online gameplay is similarly old-school, requiring a 4 out of 10 on the computer knowledge scale to get up and running with, say, an internet streanger."
,Recommended,248820,9062563,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,DrWurm,"The real success of RoR is that you never feel too upset about restarting after you die. It's a lot like Binding of Isaac in that every time you run through, you'll find a new set of items which changes your playing strategy. There are lots of items and characters to unlock which will dramatically affect your strategy as you play (and replay and replay and replay). It's fast paced, tightly controlled, and super addictive. I feel like this is one of those games I'll keep coming back to over and over."
,Recommended,248820,9062692,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,GavWaite,"Fantastic game!  Very addictive and has an excellent soundtrack.  Similar in gameplay to other 'Rogue-lite' games such as Rogue Legacy and Spelunky but with a more engaging combat system.  Highly recommended, particularly if you can get it on sale."
76561198066037083,Not Recommended,248820,15526882,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,ydouscam1,"Game is borken within first 2 mins. Cant proceed throught FIRST level i ever played, not because of enemies, not because of inability to make a jump but because I fall through the ♥♥♥♥ing floor. What a first impression this game made."
76561198081145212,Recommended,248820,15527551,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,PeePeeSong,So. much. fun!  Really quick pace and the difficulty can get intense!  This game made my nipples hard!
,Recommended,248820,14714664,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Djornir,Amazing game offers a lot! I always play it with my friends and I have a good time.
76561198115478813,Recommended,248820,15528609,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Assasinator154,Amazing
76561198144488694,Recommended,248820,16191704,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Rammy08,Great game that provides plenty challenges. The fact that this game is still under development and will still see further improvements is very re-assuring.
76561198062736823,Recommended,248820,16194650,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Diabro,"Risk of rain is a great game, all the characters you unlock are fun to play and each of them has a distinct playstyle. The powerups you find in the game are inventive and fun to use and the enviroments are well thought out and cool. The one thing that really drew me into this game is the music which changes depending on the area.Don't let the difficulty get you down because this is an amazing game and if you give it a little bit of your time you won't be disappointed."
76561198010463853,Recommended,248820,16183101,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,RussDeBucket,"A Solid game. Get the 4 pack and play with your friends, co-op can be buggy, and if you don't have a static ip then your modem's port forwarding area will become extremely familiar. I have put 50 hrs into the game and am still having a great time!"
76561198043356212,Recommended,248820,8711949,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Dux,"Up until about a week ago I had never heard of Risk of Rain. I saw a couple of my friends playing it constantly and thought I'd check it out. After watching some gameplay I thought it looked pretty fun for an indie game. However, I didn't expect to get sucked into it like I did. At first it's very frustrating. It plays like a platformer but theres a progression system and you can earn or buy passive/active abilities. The difficulty though is decided by time; the longer you take the harder the game gets. So it's hard to figure out if you should rush through the level or stay and farm. Either way it punishes you. Your saving grace and the best part of the game is the items become more available based on completing challenges (just like Binding of Isaac). This is were you get sucked in trying to do the challenges so you can get better items and even other characters. After most of the items are unlocked each run through the game is much more managable and you end up being a badass by the end of the last level. Aside from the gameplay the music is great, the controls are spot on, and the levels are randomly generated (in shape and order) giving you a lot of replayability. For 10 bucks plus 4 player Co-Op this game is an excellent choice!"
76561198043902807,Recommended,248820,8713251,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,WiseEggroll,Just buy it!
,Recommended,248820,8715787,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Exatron ٩( ᐛ )و,ADDICTIVE ASHELL. TAKEALLTHE ITEMS.
76561198003594561,Recommended,248820,8671794,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Golden Eagle of Justice,A hardcore pewpew game that doesn't make me throw my controller.
76561198081046127,Recommended,248820,8671931,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,THUNDERBIRD,"One of my favorite games of all time is Dark Souls. An epic rock hard rpg. Risk of Rain is the Dark Souls of pixilated platformers. Using similar controls as MOBA games, i.e. Q,W,E,R for abilities, most with rapid cooldowns, and G for usable items. Filled with persistant unlocks, plenty of items and procedurally generated levels this game earns multiple replays. This game is a breath of fresh air in a market flooded with low quality and cheap cash ins. ChuckleFish and Hopoo did a phenominal job. I can't wait to see what they come up with next."
,Recommended,248820,8673475,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Mugi The Dog Girl,iz coo
76561198061690924,Recommended,248820,10030368,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Batir,"This game is FUN. Beautiful graphics, music and game strategy, and just challening enough to have you coming back to it. I wish I could buy the soundtrack for this game, my favorite is Temple of the Elders so far, the feeling and atmosphere is like your on a floating island. The game is a lot like poker, or any other card game for that matter, if you get the right hand, you can go far. But it's so much more dynamic than just that, because each character has a specific combination of items that helps and hurts, keeps you going or eviscrates you. If you buy this game, you'll have a blast."
76561198070353162,Recommended,248820,10031838,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Freaking Gravity,This is easily one of my favorite time wasting games. I love this game to death and I've only played around 20 hours (offline included) and I reccomend this game to anyone whoo wants a game with amazing color and beautiful music. I love this game.
76561198029035936,Recommended,248820,10035875,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Thiborc,Run... Dash... Kill... Dash... Loot... Dash... Kill...
,Recommended,248820,10036939,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Follower,"Amazing! This game is very addictive. It's a rogue-like platformer based on foreign planets.You travel from world to world attempting to make it back to your ship and fly home.The ""catch"" to this game is that the longer you are in the game the harder it becomes. You have a thermometer in the top right that tells you the difficulty. This makes for an interesting risk/reward as you decide if you really want to search for more powerups knowing that any deviation from the main game will take time, making it more difficult.It took me 16 hours to complete the game and it seems to have quite a bit of replay value; especially with 4-player co-op.A+"
,Recommended,248820,9938044,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,CeilingCat,"I tried playing The Binding of Isaac, hated it and assumed I just didn't like roguelikes. Then I bought this on sale and can't stop playing it. The core platform/shooter gameplay is so satisfying that the constant asskicking that the game serves up just makes you hungry for more. More items, more levels, more playable characters, then the game delivers those too. Can't recommend this enough. Ten out of ten."
,Recommended,248820,9937520,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Germanoid_3.4,"Incredibly challenging, beautifully executed game!"
,Recommended,248820,9938645,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Walker,Co op is so fun
76561198041640485,Recommended,248820,9939446,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Nickle,"This game is actually really immersive and a ton of play back value.  The soundtrack is great, the game is difficult but it keeps you wanting to come back for more punishment... tons to unlock, lots of challenges, and numerous characters... great game, especially if you grabbed it on sale."
76561197999393041,Recommended,248820,9939495,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Fresh Taco,This game is hard as balls and tons of fun.  You can play it with friends too.
,Recommended,248820,9939637,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Abduch,"Jogo muito divertido e facil de aprender, com acao intensa etrilha sonora muito boa. Vale a pena."
76561198023024237,Recommended,248820,15191589,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,bigfaec,Tight controls. Tons of replayability. Excruciatingly difficult.
,Recommended,248820,15192304,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Δ Coremayx,the only thing i will say about this game this is lovely!
,Recommended,248820,15192390,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Keizgon,Incredibly addicting rogue-lite. So many things to unlock and various ways to achieve them in-game.
76561197970541793,Recommended,248820,15192655,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,LoveAlotBear,"An enjoyable rogue like game. It lacks some replayability just in the few number of levels, but I did enjoy playing this game. When you finally beat it, there just isn't much to make you want to play it again."
,Recommended,248820,15192385,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Kool,it is a fun cheap indie that will run on most pcs and laptops must buy
76561197997637416,Recommended,248820,15193595,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Soryujen,"This game is so addictive!The enemies randomly spawn and get stronger over time and your passive power ups are also random. You have 4 set skilsl per hero , there are mutiple heroes, and you sorta have to build them out well and figure out if you wanna spend time powering up or clearing the level. In the meantime your oppponents get stronger.Buy it , play it!"
76561198004562896,Recommended,248820,15194563,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,neozoom,"For the actual discount price, it's a must have. If you like this kind of gameplay."
76561197970818678,Not Recommended,248820,15194927,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Nypyren?!?!,Didn't suck me in like I thought it might.  Controls are too cumbersome to feel fun.
76561198091431862,Recommended,248820,15195333,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,davisanderson93,"My GOD this game is amazing. Ive had it in my wish list since it came out and it has finally went on sale by 75% so I just had to buy it. The videos and screenshots of this game do it no justice, you really have to play it to see whats it all about, hence my skepticism towards buying it right off the bat. Ive only played it for a little while, but everything about this game is what I would want in a roguelike 2D platform shooter. The depth that the artists and programers went to for this is beautiful and makes it that much better. Like a lot of rogue-like games (RLG), this one drops items that boost your current character within the game. Unlike a lot of RLG, all the items make a huge difference on the way your character handles the world in Risk of Rain. The pixel animation is amazing as well as the overall movement of all NPCs as well as characters. The diversity within the character choice is astounding; each one has a completely different set of skills in relation to others and it makes each run 10x more fun because its not just the same explosion or bullet. Overall, this will be one of the greatest games I have in my library and I give mad respect to the developers."
,Recommended,248820,15195686,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,rashad,"Are you seriously reading this..its like two dollars just buy it, its worth it. Its one of those low fi games that I would of loved when I was a kid. buy it and play it its fun."
,Recommended,248820,15195789,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,baby_feet,Don't even attempt multiplayer without getting the beta.
,Recommended,248820,15195835,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Niiue,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAFGHGGG. This game is torture.75/10
,Recommended,248820,15195955,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Tacogamer20,"In short, this is a 2-D shoot-em up with rogue-like elements. You start out choosing your class, each class having 4 abilities. Some classes may be strictly melee, others not so much. Once you start, you earn coins and exp by killing mobs; each level having its own mobs. With said coins, you can buy chest which give you items; itwms giving you perks, i.e. revive once at half health. The difficulty is based on the time spent playing; you play for 5 min, its on easy, 50 min, maniacal laughter (Hardest). Each playthrough takes around 45 min-1.5 hours."
,Recommended,248820,15196801,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,educatedPotato,"Fantastic game; the multiplayer is tricky 2 set up, but once it is... it's probably 1 of the best games around 4 intense friendly retro gaming. I love it, & it's beyond a doubt worth buying."
,Recommended,248820,15318727,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Fogo,At the final boss i got like ~12 Harvester's Scythe and i was undead.12/11 would beat the boss again.
,Recommended,248820,15316648,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Flexiboy,One of the best indie games!I have ever played :3Great SoundtrackA gameplay that can make you♥♥♥♥♥♥easilyAnd it's even tougher than a game that you think is tuff :)Enjoy :D
76561197975253042,Recommended,248820,15303485,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Squirrel,Amazing game 10/10
,Recommended,248820,15305312,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Beautiful Jack,"Difficult but fun. Solo play is good, but would definitely recommend playing it with others more. Some things are not explained in the game (unlocking new characters for example, really anything besides the controls and abilities/items) so you'll have to look that up or ask around. Still enjoyable though."
,Recommended,248820,15307147,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Ted Manatee,The game rewards you for playing and getting unlocks feel like an accomplishment
,Recommended,248820,15053069,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,lastie,I don't normally play this kind of action platforming games. But this one is SUPER DOPE. It requires no brain at all (unless you want to aim for a speed run by handpicking your own loot) but LOTS OF reflex. It grants a sublime satisfaction that I don't know how to describe.
76561198028846053,Recommended,248820,15053851,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,masshold,"This game is an addictive one. It makes you play again and again. You will gain items, chars, secrets and all other stuff when you achieve something in game and it will make you crazy each time you try with these new stuff.Prolonged play in the same environment sometimes may get you bored but the action and the spawn acceleration time of the encounters will make you more addictive to the game.It is one of the nice indie games in the steam."
,Recommended,248820,15054461,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Shield-Snail,This game was amazingly hard at first but then i went with a  more strategic plan..... and died but after more practice i got better and beat the game as the loader a melee robot it was very interasting to play as a melee and they was even more people to play as and they all have different play styles for example there is a person that is better with his back against the wall but there is a chef that i find one attack is better while in the same spot as the enemy then can deal crazy damage but anyway i would reccomend this game
,Recommended,248820,15011912,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Zlimmy,so good!
,Not Recommended,248820,15012485,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,DeLuman,"This seems like it could be a really good game, interesting mechanics and items, but I just couldn't get into it.  It's a roguelike that feels the same over and over after only 2 hours.  Granted I feel like this could be because I suck at it, but I can't get past the 3rd level after a number of tries using different strategies and finding different items.Nearly all the enemies are HP sponges and nearly every attack you throw out feels like you're attacking with a pea-shooter; so many of them appear on screen at once, and randomly I just find it infuriating.  I can spend nearly a minute attacking one basic enemy and have it still be alive, I'm sorry I just don't find that fun.The boss at the end of each level is fun, but having to hunt down every single enemy afterwards isn't fun, it's just annoying."
76561198008966595,Recommended,248820,15012662,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,nixon,"#1 weird rogue platformer rgp of all time! and I  just played it again after 6-12 months and more content has been added for free, which is extremely impressive nowadays."
,Recommended,248820,15014680,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Charles Stiles Mystery Diners,"This game is going to kick your♥♥♥♥♥if you are not working co-opertively with your friends/family or annoying co-workers. This game is amazing, it's a rogue-like, ""dungeon-crawler"" beat-em-up, bullet hell shooter thing that is a fun to play but not fun to play in that I die...a lot. I would definitely recommend this to people who like games in general and what a good time."
,Recommended,248820,15102917,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,sG | CocoMendes*,"Well, this is one of my favorite games, 100% recommended, why? Because:- Online and local co-op (Never played online... Just local with my brother)- So many characters with different weapons and powers- More than 60 items- Epic Sci-Fi rogue-like game- Nice art desgin and some badass soundtracks 8|"
,Recommended,248820,13563128,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Pride Daddy,Lol 14 min hype
76561198169905762,Recommended,248820,15056635,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Arktic Wolf,5-STAR
76561198129876916,Recommended,248820,15212320,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,TyeTheTitan,Yey
76561198048064868,Recommended,248820,15212474,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Vexyonu,"Its fun and really addicting!I love the simplistic bit by bit graphics! The gameplay is smooth and to the point! Its a good challenge even on easy mode! My one gripe with the game is the ""Online Match."" It is so complicated to play online that the trouble shooting page will make you want theropy. I really wish I didnt buy the four pack because, I cant play with my friends unless we plug all of our controllers into one computer locally. I really hope they make the online matches easier to host and join in the future. But that is the one and only problem with Risk of Rain in my own opinion. Try it out and remember your umbrella kiddos."
,Not Recommended,248820,15212494,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,E y e s u c k,"I'm very disappointed with this game and I regret buying it. It's a shame because there's a wonderful game here under all the issues it has.The store page says it supports controllers but, it doesn't. There's zero information as to what you're doing or why. You get little store areas where you're supposed to buy items that improve your character but it might as well just give you something random since it doesn't tell you what the items do. Enemies spawn pretty much anywhere and everywhere without any rhyme or reason at all.The bottom line is that Risk of Rain is a beautiful game with great music and fun gameplay that is ultimately brought down by design flaws and bugs."
76561198079516146,Recommended,248820,15212515,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Trojari,"On my first playthrough I didn't think that enemies could climb up ladders so I camped on the edge of a ladder. They all respawned right next to where I was so I jumped off the ledge and stumbled upon the telaporter, activated it, and was devoured by a giant worm.    60/10 would be devoured again."
,Not Recommended,248820,15212327,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Teddy,"Co-op is advertised as the big draw, but this is one of those games stuck in 1997 where you have to go through a 30-step process to set up your own server, mess with ports, firewalls, third-party programs, etc. and hope for the best.Though far from the only game on Steam guilty of this (cough Meatboy cough) this game recognizes my 360 controller, but not my preferred Logitech pad.And of course the game is hard when every enemy is a bullet sponge."
76561198004732811,Recommended,248820,14051153,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Pinhead Larry,"Upon death:""rekt""""Get styled upon""""sucks to suck""You're going to get real used to dying, and you're going to love it."
76561198080555423,Recommended,248820,13810550,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,bigmelon,11/10 Would die again
76561198062529595,Recommended,248820,13813672,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Cynisterion,8/8 Me-It was gr8 m8
76561198057280611,Recommended,248820,13814342,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Scruffymrp,is cool
,Recommended,248820,14069222,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,American Trail Mix,"Risk of Rain is an amazing two-dimensional roguelike with tons of replay value and outstanding co-op play. Definetly pick this one up whenever, especially if it's on sale :D"
76561198016003466,Recommended,248820,13890356,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,__,"""sucks to suck"" SCREW YOU RISK OF RAIN! SCRREEEEEWWWW YOOOOUUUUU!!!!! 8/10"
,Recommended,248820,13894016,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,KUJO JOTARO,"Gameplay is smooth, wish it could fix some little bugs lately :) Everything else is perfect!"
,Recommended,248820,13894113,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,MelonGun,Excellent 8 bit pixel blasting fun with an amazing soundtrack - even better with friends. Try playing with 4 on the same computer the for most glorious cluster♥♥♥♥ you'll ever see.
,Recommended,248820,10950003,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Taset5,"The difficulty of this game is just as high as how fun it is. I recommend this game to everyone, and I hope the devs keep on updating it. 11/10"
76561198011288995,Recommended,248820,10951456,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,cottonrhetoric,Excellent gameplay.  Highly recommended.
76561197995238758,Recommended,248820,10952188,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Hobb_Bomb,"Im not a huge fan of roguelikes, but this captured my heart. Its difficult, and gets harder the longer you play, but it rewards you for your work in teh form of new classes that are a load of fun to play, new items to collect wich provide you with an edge against teh endless hordes of enemies.Playstyles are simple platforming, but strategic shooting. Each class has very specific abilities and makes co-op a must. You can play alone, but a team works wonders.Gameplay is 10/10 if your into roguelikes, 8/10 if you arent because you will probably hate the difficulty.Style is amazing. Very simple pixel-art sort of style, but it all comes together to make you feel like you're on a hostile alien planet (spoiler, you are) and the only thing that doesnt want to kill you is you."
76561198025269074,Recommended,248820,10954409,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Toast in the Shell,It's basically Dark Souls in space. 10/10
76561197986030528,Recommended,248820,10954946,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Aiiyo,Very nice.
76561197961802237,Recommended,248820,10997552,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,MrMeow,I've come to the conclusion that this game is quite literally crack10/10
,Recommended,248820,10999514,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,rattlehead05,"Fast paced 2d platformer. The first night I played it, it seemed impossibly difficult. The second night I played it, I lost track of time and played until 2am."
,Recommended,248820,11166896,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,PillowSamurai,"One of THE BEST games I have ever played. An amazing art style, great soundtrack, and immersive atmosphere make this game an absolute pleasure to play. As a lost space explorer, constantly under assault, trying to find his way home, in a hostile environment, no matter how you play, I feel you will fall in love.Don't be put off when this game beats you. This game WILL beat you. Even though I always lose, it keeps me coming back for more. Each time I reach just a little farther, kill a few more monsters, or get just one more piece of loot, I know I have to come back and best that score. With different characters to chose from, different levels, and different monsters, this game has a very high replayability.Overall, I think this game is worth the full price, even though I bought it when on sale.10/10"
,Recommended,248820,11159389,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,I FRIENDLY~,"Loot and very addictive, tough gameplay!!Got for $3 in the sale.Get in there!"
,Recommended,248820,11226570,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Overswarm,"This game has its faults, but they are outshone by how fun a challenge it is.The game starts out fairly tame; it's very easy to pick up and get started with the commando class and you get a feel for AoE, single use abilities, dodging, etc. The game doesn't really begin until you unlock a few extra characters, and then you're able to have a bit more fun.Unfortunately the characters are very distinctly tiered. Some are great, some are okay, some are mediocre. This is good if you want to give yourself another challenge! But if you want variety, you'll have to handicap yourself to get it.The RNG doesn't effect too much in this game; you can definitely have ""better"" buff drops as the game goes on, but the game drops are set up in such a way that it is highly unlikely you'll get a 'useless' collection of drops.The difficulty is fairly tame on the standard difficulty; I'd suggest doing the harder difficulty setting for a better experience... but only after playing lighter settings to unlock things.The game gets harder the longer you play it (which is good), but it also caps out at a specific difficulty level. I found myself near invulnerable at the end boss when it came to fight him due to all the drops I had!All in all the game is fun, but if you're the kind of guy who can't look back a few design flaws and just have to play a weak class because you like their feel... you might be frustrated. If you're the kind of guy that will get a drop that gives you +max health upon killing an enemy and then continually farm enemies that cannot hurt you until you have obscene amounts of health, this game may turn boring for you quick.Otherwise, you'll have fun."
,Recommended,248820,11226621,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,The (Skeptic) Golem,"Scrub level: Jump n Shoot ManSomewhat Experienced: Timed duck and rolls through hordes of enemies, line up pierce shots, and repeat.Expert level: Game becomes a risk of rope whilst dodging volatile testicles.1 out of 10,PLAY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME."
,Recommended,248820,7821142,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Akhorishaan,"A very challenging, but very rewarding rogue-like platformer RPG.  Nine additional playable characters to unlock, with each of the ten characters having a completely different playstyle. The game is quite excellent, with an amazing soundtrack, good controls, pixel art done right, and plenty of lore to unlock that will keep you coming back for more."
,Recommended,248820,7776606,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Wookiee,"an awesome game, get it!"
,Recommended,248820,7729107,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,Gonzorii,"This game is a great one, And you dont need a mouse so it's great for those lazy days, AND to wrap it all up the 8bit style graphics and really fun gameplay really do tie this game up, ITS ONLY 10$ WHY DONT YOU HAVE THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,248820,7777327,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,bug12lm,its a good game but its impossible to get online with it!!! and that is quite upsetting
,Recommended,248820,7777608,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,z0ck,"This game is excellent. Action rogue-like with neat pixel visuals and good music.Partial gamepad support (I play with a 360 controller) but the D-pad doesn't map correctly. I had to stick with the default thumbstick setup.It can be rough to get the hang of. Try jumping a lot, and try to find the teleporter quick."
,Recommended,248820,7679991,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Charles,THIS IS THE REALEST ♥♥♥♥ING VIDEOGAME THAT EXISTS. IMAGINE THE GREATEST QUANTITY OF REALNESS THAT YOUR MIND CAN COMPREHEND; THIS GAME HAS MORE REALITY THAN THAT.ZXCXZXCXVXZZX out of 10.Buy it.
,Recommended,248820,7778486,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,TJBones,"This is a superb indie game and the whole package really makes me feel nostalgic.  The retro styled visuals are fantastic, the gameplay is tight, and the learning curve is perfect.  There's no hand holding here, a quick prompt of the keyboard controls when you start and you're away.  The selling point of this game is perma-death, which appealed to me instantly, but to some it can be a pain. They've cracked this however.  You can select a difficulty before playing, but this also increases in-game.  For me it's already getting quite hellish between the 20-30 minute mark.Risk and reward is handled really well here, and is akin to heading out when there's a 'Risk of Rain' (hur).  Do you spend more time finding upgrades from chests and statues but run the risk of dying?  Or keep going through the portals, but risk missing out on those vital upgrades.  Speaking of upgrades, each that I've found so far is incredibly satisfying and really make a difference to your progress.I've not played this online yet unfortunately.  When I do I'll update this review.tl;dr: A great indie game which harkens back to the no hands held era of gaming."
,Recommended,248820,7778496,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Carl,A brutally difficult randomized-ish platformer shooter that gradually scales up difficulty and engages players in a delicate dance between collecting more loot and advancing before the game becomes impossible.
,Recommended,248820,7682914,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,delukz,"Don't let the graphics fool you, great game!"
76561198037169717,Recommended,248820,8321941,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Aramack,"I spent 12 hours trying to beat a 30 minute game. WORTH IT!Great game. Despite having an eight-bit art style, the game looks perfect (the soundtrack is awesome too). Each character has a unique set of attack that requires a different play style. As a result, the game has a pretty high learning curve. Be prepared to commit some significant time to this game if you want to win it. The Megaman-like combat is fast paced and worth every penny."
76561198061115115,Recommended,248820,8368469,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,sawbeans,"Fast paced, cool art, and loooooottttts of replayability."
,Recommended,248820,8376133,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,FSIDU,Best game of 2013. I'm hooked. Please. Send help.
76561197995116102,Recommended,248820,8377589,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Snapple Nestle Lithium,"I love the roguelike elements and how time is a precious resource. The unlocks of some items and characters are a bit offsetting and the multiplayer may frustrate some people (think port forwarding of early 2000s), it's still a lot of fun if you're into 2d platforming and combat."
,Recommended,248820,8378013,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,.Doctor,"I ended up playing this game a lot more than I expected. Its an excellent platforming shooter game, and its very, very difficult. Pick this up and you will have a great go to action game whenever you need a quick game, or hours of fun. While the games can be very short ( you die quite easily ), it does have a lot of gameplay to offer in the form or more characters to unlock, as well as semi-random levels."
,Recommended,248820,8379705,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Nate the Groove,"I find this game to be very fun. I played an hour session and it felt like 10 minutes! This game is very diffucult and permanent death is a primary factor of the game. Every run you play, you get many items and a single run is never the same. you can unlock monster info, characters, and more items to help you. When i rage quit sometimes, i get the feeling to play more after about 10 minutes after i quit. It is a very addicting game for sure and i absolutely love the concept of the game. The music is also great! I give this game a 9/10!"
,Recommended,248820,11182176,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,•Codel,"A few glitches and bugs, but it's still fun, it's an intense,fast-paced and action-packed-ish game.Better with friends. If you have none, its ok, just show your solo skills."
,Recommended,248820,10844925,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Adventis,"Charming little indie title creatively named 'Risk of Rain' even though dire weather conditions will be the least likely of your concerns in-game. Much like its rouge-like indie brethren, 'The Binding of Isaac' & 'Rogue Legacy', Risk of Rain has the player trekking through randomly generated stages, looking for a way forward whilst searching for powerful items that, in hope, will make you broken enough to tackle the overwhelming odds the game throws at you.Make no mistake when I say that this game is HARD, as hard as any of the titles previously mentioned, but perhaps a bit more forgiving than both. There is always a clear sense of progression even though it is a rouge-like and the real draw of the game lies in its -class- system. The player is given the option of choosing between 10 different characters at the start of every playthrough, most of which are unlocked by meeting special conditions. There are tons of unlockables and each character has a highly unique, defined skillset and play style, which add endless flavor to the game because not only are you getting a different experience each time with the randomly generated stages; each run can also be worlds apart due to how each class plays out.Overall, a really great gem of a game and there's not much I have to say about it from a negative standpoint. It can be a little frustrating at the very start with nothing unlocked and only one character available, but it is only a matter of time before the game opens up and becomes far more enjoyable. The item buffs you can collect are all fairly ingenious and well thought-out but the game suffers a little from framerate issues in the final stages. Although that could be expected what with the -hundreds of missiles- probably flying around on your screen by then.  ;)A risk of rain?  Maybe not.A risk of losing track of time?  Most definitely."
,Recommended,248820,11178811,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,baby jesus,"Risk of Rain is an 'action rogue like platformer' where you explore a level to find an exit, fight some bosses, picking up powerups, while racing against a rising difficulty meter.One reason it took me so long to buy the game is because I hate games with timers in them.  Timers generally just add stress and frustration to games without any additional fun, and are a misguided fallback to the arcade days.  If you also feel this way, fear not.  The difficulty timer in this game doesn't work like that, it's more of a real-time representation of the standard difficulty curve of a roguelike.  It is quite possibly the only game with a timer which seems to work ok.  You don't fail if you run out of time, it just appears the difficulty stays maxed.  The game might still be better without it (why can't levels just get harder as you get further through the game, like every other game?) but it's not the fatal flaw I feared it would be.I also think the MMO inspired skill timers are not very intuitive to use, it would have been nicer like every other game where you just push buttons and things happen.The music is also great and if you are a sucker for good music like I am (check their videos for samples) it is worth the price of admission alone."
,Recommended,248820,9058772,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Qoght,10/10 - One of my top 10 indie games.
,Recommended,248820,11211611,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,masaharustin,"Awesome, fast-paced game. Tons of replay value. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,248820,11343099,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Inquisitor Creyt,"Awsome arcade style indie game, definitly recommend. But pick it up while on sale."
,Recommended,248820,7707483,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,LordSkitzleton,You like roguelikes? You like challenges? You like being killed by a giant ♥♥♥♥ing worm made of fire? Buy this game.
76561198057941595,Recommended,248820,10017984,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,#ROOKIE,FUN FUN FUN!!! :D
,Recommended,248820,11188158,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Silas,this game is amazing and has some of the neatest and most unique art work i've seen.
,Recommended,248820,11188463,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,moist,"This game is great for coop, it is a hidden jewel among all these other games that deserves more attention!"
76561197994955290,Recommended,248820,11188721,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Omega,i love the game.the music is epic and the gameplay is awesome even though i barely finished the first lair xD
,Recommended,248820,11189098,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,dirk piggler,"Risk of Rain has great style, music, difficulty, and replay value.  Fun with a friend or solo - pick it up!"
76561198105069460,Recommended,248820,11189403,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Grognack,super fun game
,Not Recommended,248820,11156519,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Hyoscine,"The game doesn't recognize my controller, and I struggle to play games with platformer elements on a keyboard, so I guess I'm done with this. FWIW, I'm attempting to use a wired 360 controller, on Windows 7 Home Pro (x64). Googling for a fix (found none) suggests I'm not alone in having this issue. It's a shame, I've heard good things about this game.There's a demo available, so I'd recommend trying that before purchasing."
,Recommended,248820,7714683,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,ZelosZalis,"This is a decent rogue platformer, but suffers from from some downsides. its largest downside is its graphics, I almost never call out graphics but come on... my character is a tiny speck on the map.The controls can be unresponsive at times, most certainly when trying to use ropes and ladders, and in many cases a jumping grab onto a rope ladder, just don't bother your controls will fight you every step of the way.With that ugly buisness out of the way onto the good things. the gameplay is pressured and tense after the first few minutes pass but for singleplayer you can breathe at any time by pausing which is nice. there's quite a few types of loot to find to keep the game interesting and theres many different classes to keep things interesting as well, though they make alot of them hard to find until late game which is a downside.In all for its price the game is not a bad arcadey rogue experience. There's certainly worse you can buy out there, I've seen it."
76561198050613694,Recommended,248820,11158066,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Slingshotjacob,"This is a spectacular game plain and simple! It may look like just another indie game, yet it's so much more. This game has an incredible soundtrack and nice textures that keep you immersed in the game. The more I play this game the harder it becomes for me to stop especially when I start ranking up the items haha. The abundance of creative items this game has to offer is definitely a huge contributor to it's overall charm. I'm looking forward to be able to find some friends to help kick some♥♥♥♥♥too. This is a great game and you should buy it!"
,Recommended,248820,11159215,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,showaccho,It is so difficult. but it is fun!!Let's buy and to play!
76561198075666365,Recommended,248820,11159287,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Swankyman,This is one of the best indie games i have ever played. Literaly every playthrough is different than the last. But the game can get a little repetitive at times. The game(up to this point) has 10 characters and over 100 items to unlock. The game is definitly  fun and imersive and is always better to play with friends.
76561198091966897,Recommended,248820,12269112,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Cancer dispensary,100% pretty cool
,Recommended,248820,12269786,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Ewok Lord,Awesome game. Plenty of challenge and a 12/10 soundtrack.
,Recommended,248820,12333363,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,HelpComputer,"In risk of rain, you play as the sole survivor of a space-faring vessel that crash landed on a strange, alien planet, along with all it's goodies. I suppose maybe it was the space postal service, because that sh** ain't ever gettin' delivered now.In risk of rain (you'll feel the pain) Your goal on each map is to find the teleporter while taking out swarms of aliens hell-bent on murdering you, then activating the teleporter on the map, setting off a larger boss mob and even MORE aliens hell-bent on murdering you. You are required to Survive for X amount of time after you activate said teleporter as well as kill all the remaining aliens on the map the spawned endlessly and rapidly during said countdown.Along the way on your journey, you'll encounter several chests from your downed spaceship that you'll have to purchase and use to have any chance in hell of surviving. Items purchased have a wide variety of effects ranging from freezing time to making your character move faster, jump higher, attack faster, etc. Generally speaking, the more expensive the chest, the better the item quality.In addition to these special items your character has four abilities that have a cooldown/rotation before they can be used again. Each skill falls under a category: damage dealing, specialization, evasion, and/or crowd control. Using all of them to their fullest, as often as possible is going to be the key to your survival. along with the previous mentioned item gathering.As your current game playthrough progresses, the enemies become more and more difficult. There's a bar in the upper right corner of the screen. As time progresses, it fills more and more. The difficulty you play on controls where the difficult starts. Don't think you're terribad for deciding to start playing on ""Drizzle"" and/or ""Very Easy"", especially if you're new. I've seen games where the difficulty ramped up to ""I SEE YOU"" and ""HAHAHAHA""As you gain progress in what is sure to be many playthroughs, you may unlock additional classes to play as. Each class has its own unique playstyle and different ways of surviving on the planet. For example, while the commando, the default starting class is a sort of well-balanced jack of all trades, the sniper class focuses on damage dealing and can possibly kill bosses on a single hit of a fully charged, perfectly reloaded, droid scanned boss with their ""steady shot"" ability.In addition to unlocking new classes, you also unlock new items and/or artifacts that can be used to inject control (command artifact), Offense over Defense (Glass), or insane difficulty into your various play-throughs (Glass + Spite)The artwork and the ambiance for the game is phenomal. The alien landscape pefectly conveyed through pixel art. I have no complaints. It does the job well.The soundtrack is quite simply damned good and helps get you into the game and keeps you gripped. If you want to give it a listen outside of the game, I managed to find it on both spotify and youtube already. Give it a listen; you won't be disappointed.While the game officially states that it supports up to four player multiplayer I've seen folks hosting 10-player games easily. The fun, the difficulty and the triumph only multiply when you get multiple players on the field.When I first chanced upon Risk of Rain, I didn't really know what to expect. ♥♥♥♥♥'s /v/ video game forum, know for their love/hate relationship with video games and VERY hard judgement, had fallen in love with it seemingly instantly, and that usually means that the game in question is either bizarre but fun, or harder than hugh jackman's abs in an X-MEN movie.I found that I loved it immediately because the challenge I craved that simply isn't there in big-label mega-blockbuster titles was in risk of rain (on the plains on spain). With abundance.The game is remorseless. Unforgiving. Will make fun of you when you die, which you will do. Very often. You'll keep coming back for more though, because your un-named character on this un-named will continue to draw you in. You want answers and you want to get the hell off the planet alive.TL;DR: So damned hard, but so very very rewarding and so very fun."
,Recommended,248820,12317085,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Yagi,"My indie of the yearWhy aren't all indie games as good as this one?No ♥♥♥♥♥♥ social justice agenda, a ♥♥♥♥load of content, fun as ♥♥♥♥ multiplayer, challenges everywhere, characters and items you can unlock, A FANTASTIC SOUNDTRACK.AND THIS WAS MADE BY 2 NERDS FROM ♥♥♥♥♥ONLY 2 MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING VIRGINS.BUY IT, SUPPORT IT, IT DESERVES IT"
76561198098018169,Recommended,248820,12875241,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,FSLGS,"Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger: A Risk of Rain ReviewAs a fan of Roguelikes, I don't know why I hesitated for so long to purchase this game. Maybe it was because I already had bought 20 some games that I had yet to touch. Maybe the allure of difficulty kept me at an emotional distance. Or maybe I am in college and ten bucks will buy me food for a week. Nevertheless, during another ill-timed spending spree, I once again found myself on this very store page. And let me tell you, I didn't know what I was getting into.GAMEPLAY:Risk of Rain is an action platformer with roguelike elements, mostly pertaining to enemies and items, both what you get and how you get them. There are around 8 levels to be placed on, but each level has about two or three different builds, so they won't usually play exactly the same. Littering the planet are chests, which fell your ship, raining down onto the alien terrain. Yes, you were a delivery boy. A super cool space delivery boy. With a gun. Or a boomerang meat cleaver. Or a sword. Standard issue.Enemies spawn at random, and each level has their own set of enemies. On the beach, nice crabs and jelly fish; in the cluster, blobs and swines. The planet is unforgiving, and it wants you off it. Chests also spawn in random places, which can be purchased with gold dropped from killing enemies. It's a tried and true method, but here you're given a choice. You see, the difficulty scales to a cap the longer you play, so time management becomes a factor. Not an overly pressing one, but still very real. Do you farm an area for long enough to purchase all the chests, and shoot up three difficulties? Or do you bum rush the boss of each area, using the slight downtime post slaughter to buy whatever items are in the area? The choice is entirely yours, and you will face the consequences.The items purchased in chests are better labeled as ""modifiers."" You characters build won't change from its standard four attacks, but instead, amassing items will augment how much damage you dish out. The starting class, the Commando (Delivery Boy), has a double shot, a piercing shot, a dodge roll, and a five burst. But with a few items, suddenly your health starts regenerating faster, your shots start passively firing missles, you heal after every kill, and homing spirit orbs of death burst from the mutilated corpses of the fallen to seek out not yet corpses of the living. Doesn't that sound fun?Along with chest items, there are drones and artifacts. Drones are pay to wield bots that hover next to your character, and dish out ample damage over time. Once more, they proc your on attack effects, leading to some crazy shenanigans late game. Each one has their own attack patterns, but late in the game, they don't come cheap. Artifact, on the other hand, can be found hidden throughout the game, and allow you to mess with the core mechanics of the playthrough itself. With a few artifacts, suddenly you are dealing with only elite enemies of a single type that explode into frag grendades that only hurt you. While most of these artifacts allow for a new pace of the game or a challenge, some of them turn risk of rain into a race to god mode. Which is still fun, but loses its allure quickly.There is also multiplayer, but for the sake of its current status, I'm not going to spend a lot of time on it. It's fun, but rather glitchy right now. Give them time, they'll fix it, there is no reason to fear.SOUND:Risk of Rain has a fantastic tracklist done by Chris Christodoulou, with relaxed chiptune mixed with intense electric guitar, situation dependent. The eerie sounds of the pheramin mix perfectly with the dripping stalagmites of the Mushroom Caverns, until a giant worm of fire bursts from the ground, bringing with it an array of synths and snare hits. Not just the music, the sound effects are also spot on and well designed. Everything has its own little sound effects, from gashing to zapping to burning to exploding.GRAPHICS:The game goes with a very minimalistic look to it, with each character deigned bit by bit, with a more refined look in the logs. It's charming, never confusing, and sometimes, when the fights get crazy, and trust me, they will, both you and your computer will appreciate the sublime simplicity of each unit.VERDICT:This game is fun, and more importantly, it's best feature is its replayability. It took me about 40 hours to 100%, and only because the artifacts make achievement hunting a little too easy. Even after I got everything, I still come back to it and just jump into a game. It's quick, usually, fun, and with over a hundred items, there are never two similar playthroughs, sans those 100 minute games where you've got 500 items and are the Harbinger of Death. If you want a casual platforming rougelike, stop reading this review, and buy this game.PROS:+Replayability+A True Roguelike+Ten classes, Ten Artifacts, and over a Hundred Items+Wonderful music score and sound effects+Easy to learn, difficult to God Mode+Death Punishes, but you'll learn from it+Yahoo! You're a Deliveryboy!CONS:-Artifacts make the game often too easy. Luckily, you can turn them off-Allternatively, there are no daily/weekly challenges, which is something that would be well recieved-Multiplayer is not in a good spot right now-The game, at least for my friends and I, can't be minimized?-Once you've hit God Mode, you might see a slight dip in FPS-Addicting. Addiction is never a good thing, but it will happen to you with this game."
,Recommended,248820,12879364,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Name Brand Hipster™,It's just so much fun! And the soundtrack is amazing.
,Recommended,248820,12879508,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,nilloc,"A really fantastic sidescrolling action platformer roguelike. This game is HARD, but as you play you both gain skill and unlock new characters and items that can be used during gameplay. The game itself is a lot of fun and even after beating it there are tons of unlocks and achievements to work for that keep you playing the game."
76561198094578294,Recommended,248820,13144031,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Brian but not quite,This is a fast and fun little 8 bit side scroller that u can play with friends.
,Recommended,248820,13145318,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,WhiteTempest,Super Fun! I really liked it !  I beat the game in 7 hr.  The Last Boss of the game is extremely hardPs. That falling bug tough
76561198055658891,Recommended,248820,13145570,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Jake from State Farm,Lost all my data 2 times 10/10 would punch my self in the face again
,Recommended,248820,13147014,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,log avoids transmissible lie,i somehow got acrid as first unlock a+
76561198065656911,Recommended,248820,13147582,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Frogurt97,Not really my type of game but it is fun though it has a quality feel.....Overall if you like 2D platformers then you should enjoy this.
,Recommended,248820,13065817,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,KingCookie,its really brutal and hard to get started with but when you learn a character and how to deal with each enemy and boss you can be unbeatable and is so fun with friends off or onlineive played around 6 hours more offline and even after all that my best is last level at 70 MINITUES which is just the equvelent of DEATH
,Recommended,248820,13066439,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Chaotic Law,"If you get to the end game, and you decide to loop around to the first stages, you will most likely get RSI."
76561198052956273,Recommended,248820,13067477,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,The Pure Boy Of Wonders,"Amazing game, good co-op (if you can get it to work). but if you have Windows xp. avoid this game for now, your game wont launch ever. as far as i've seen its un-fixable, so wait till the devs get a hold of this issue"
,Recommended,248820,13068042,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,darkkelvin,"This game has absolutely stunning pixel art and soundtrack. Usually when I judge whether a game is fun I look at its mechanism overall and then whether the ""important details"" also go through. However this game is slightly different; if I were to say something of it strikes an impression on me, it has to be the sound and graphic.I'm not saying the other facet of game ain't worth mentioning though. There are a wide range of item in the arsenal, all proving pretty fun and effective. The classes are pretty unique as well IMHO, skills are well designed but not particular balanced though. I doubt the author meant to make them completely balanced anyway so I wouldn't really say it's a drawback; some classes are meant to be harder and some are better in multiplayer, but all proved fun to me.The game boasts a ""innovation"" in mechanism, in that the time ""chases"" you so the more time you waste, the harder it gets. This design forces player to make a lot of hard decision through out the game play, and is what makes the game challenging.The game is also humorous on some small details :D so that's always a plus.Overall the game has decent action and mechanism, fantastic graphic and soundtrack. I would recommend."
,Recommended,248820,13118187,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,jt098,"So I saw the little video of this game and thought, eh it looks kinda cool and its on sale. Sure.Pretty much haven't stopped playing since I got it, its addicting.At first I had no idea what to do, but you start to get good using the abilities after a bit.Pretty fun so far, snag it if you have time to kill."
,Recommended,248820,13118219,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,袁 THOTTIE CLEAN UP PATROL,♥♥♥♥ing buy this masterpiece
,Recommended,248820,13117200,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Lyкiяe,Start game:First level.Enjoyable so far.Piece of terrain with ladder has no collision box.Both monsters and I fall straight through it.I get respawned at the start and lose health.(Alt-F4 didn't even close the game)NoBugs/10
,Recommended,248820,13118312,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Smokebig,Noice
,Recommended,248820,13120000,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,TANE,The best 2€ you'll ever spend
,Recommended,248820,13120518,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Mitasakii,"I have wanted this game for a while and I decided to go for the four pack yesterday because it was a really good price! Risk of Rain is brilliant fun, very challenging, fast paced and well worth the money - even at full price. Playing it solo is fun, however the game (just in my opinion) is much better enjoyed when playing in a team. 9/10 - looses one mark based on small glitches but they don't ruin the game at all. Buy!"
,Recommended,248820,13121643,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,[RRA] PaulyB19,Really fun game but i can never seem to find the teleporter on the second stage.
,Recommended,248820,13135500,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Luau,this game made me so angry i could cry. 10/10
,Recommended,248820,8382332,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,eleventyish,"Great single player or Co-op fun, awesome music and choice of graphic style makes this game feel good."
76561198016937202,Recommended,248820,8382333,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,restlessnative,"sick game, buy it now"
,Recommended,248820,8383107,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,XxGodlyxX,This is a great game and super addicting. First day i got it i spent 8 hr on it.
,Recommended,248820,8383331,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,techset7set,An absolutely awesome game.
76561197965254610,Recommended,248820,8383568,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,IR2Bad,bes gam evar
76561198039943597,Recommended,248820,8384916,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Bags,Amazing fun shooter for friends
,Recommended,248820,8385561,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Niverog,Absolutely addicted to this game. Very difficult at first but once you figure things out it's a blast. Definitely worth a look.
,Recommended,248820,8499417,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Frey,"I thought I wouldn't enjoy this due to the fact you lose everything when you die, however this is pretty fast paced, and most deaths are reasonable so I really enjoyed it. The coop is pretty well done considering you only wait it out for the map if you die instead of watching friends for the rest of the run losing only exp and money not gained in the map. If you're on the fence about it, I'd say buy it. Especially if you have friends who can coop with you."
,Recommended,248820,8499444,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Elsa the Snow Queen,Doesn't matter if its on sale or not this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing must buy.
76561198051633181,Recommended,248820,8499872,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,EPICpanda65,"Very Fun, Very Hard"
76561197962141697,Recommended,248820,8499966,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Seeker,Risk of Rain wasn't really on my radar until a co-worker happened to point it out during the holiday sale. I'm glad he did. Even with the crazy difficulty of this platformer I'm addicted. The chaos and simplicity of it will just pull you in over and over again. From one moment where you will be running for your life hoping to last a few more seconds to the next where you just feell all powerful.The graphics are 8-bit and glorious. I've enjoyed many of the recent 8-bit style games out there  but Risk of Rain nails the feeling of unexplored space with creative monsters and heroes.I really can't wait to do some coop. I hope it takes the game to the next level of chaos. Yet even without playing coop I will recommend this game. The single player game just makes me smile with it's difficulty.
76561198041787741,Recommended,248820,8500268,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,King iron lungs,Good
,Recommended,248820,8500729,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,OhHeyItsDavid,This is actually my first game I bought on Steam when I got back to using steam instead of consoles. I fell in love with this addicted rougelike game. Sure it was hard to get used to it having no knowlege of the game but as soon as I got it down I was having even more fun.
,Recommended,248820,8501163,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Knack 2 Game of the Year Edition,This games so good!!!!! I love it :3
76561198046773476,Recommended,248820,8501396,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,FranzJoseph,"This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Seriously, it is so fun. It's not so much of a rogue-like, but it definitely has similarities to those types of games. And damn does it do it well. Plus, it has co-op which is a huge stretch from games like Binding of Isaac or Rogue Legacy (not to say that those games are bad or anything), so it has that going for it as well. Not to mention it's awesome music and setting."
,Recommended,248820,8502156,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,TheBigWehner,"This game is great! That is, of course, if you can get past the first few minutes, and the slight learning curve.  Only starting out with one character to choose from to start out with, gets you familiar with a similar playstyle. However, where this game shines, in my opinion, it is the variation of different playstyles from the characters. From the weak but fast, to the slow and powerful this game takes you through many different scenarios.Overall a great game 5 golden stars, 10/10, and 3/3 scratch and sniff stickers."
76561198054288126,Recommended,248820,8502192,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Mad Snacks,i really like dis game
,Recommended,248820,8403274,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Koridic,A fast paced roguelike type game with increasing difficulty the longer you play. Do you stick around in a level to try and get mor items or rush through as fast as you can before things get too strong? Either way they game is incredibly fun and worth every penny.
76561198021094191,Recommended,248820,8403455,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Space Cat,"Fantastic game, if short."
76561198040902586,Recommended,248820,8403599,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,LeBRON JAAAAMES,"This is some good stuff, awesome stuff and really good stuff. Te recomiendo a comprar este videojuego."
,Recommended,248820,8403991,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,TheLegitMidgit,"Risk of Rain is a 2d action roguelike platformer. It has a simple aesthetic and on the surface a simple gameplay. But you soon find out how technical the gameplay is, each character in the game requiring a very good understanding of their respective mechanics to efficiently fight off the hoardes of different monsters in the psuedo-random levels. Each level has a few bosses and a ♥♥♥♥♥on of enemies you must beat before using the teleporter to travel to the next level. The game is not nice to beginners at all, you will start a game and have no clue what to do, or why you are doing it. As you start to understand the game is becomes a lot more fun. It goes like this:1. Start level2. Kill monsters3. Get money4. Buy items and drones5. Kill all monsters6. Teleport to next level7. Repeat steps 1-6 for 6 levelsIt is a very simple premise.In my experience the game is best absorbed with co-op. I have friends over often and a mate and I lost a whole night playing this with local co-op, it was very fun, and frustrating... we only beat the game once.The game is not all great however, it feels a little bit lacking in content. It is just very plain seeming. I would have liked to have seen more items and more levels, but it just does not have them. And sometimes the game really feels like it is out to get you, but that is more just a roguelike thing.Overall I recommend the game. Especially if you enjoy the following:• Co-op roguelikes (Including local)• Roguelikes• Simple pixel art• PlatAnd as a note, in my opinion, the game is much better with a controller."
,Recommended,248820,8341278,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Donde Sr.,"Super hard. Also a ton of fun. Just what you want out of a side-scrolling, shoot-em-up roguelike."
76561197999928286,Recommended,248820,8341688,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,jexter78,Totally unexpected awesome sauce.  You need to play this game.
,Recommended,248820,8342671,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,bijman,Risk of having too much fun is more like it.
,Recommended,248820,8342889,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Delsordbro,"Risk of Rain reminds me a lot of Realm of the Mad God, except its a rougelike platformer in space. If you like any of those things than you will enjoy this. Each class has a unique playstyle and the randomness of the level generation and upgrade drops makes each playthrough unique and interesting as you never know exactly what situation you'll run into. It's pretty challenging and the challenge only ramps up as you go; pretty much no matter how good you think you've gotten this game is gonna kick your♥♥♥♥♥eventually. The graphics, character design, and music work really well together to create a really cool atmosphere."
,Recommended,248820,8342940,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,[FAG] Lionel Glitchy,One of the most frustrating but ultimately rewarding games I've ever played. Classic gameplay with modern levelling system and lots to unlock. Excellent cost to enjoyment ratio! Just buy it!
76561198008024627,Recommended,248820,8325112,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Macavity,"Awesome fun game, definitely recommended!"
,Recommended,248820,8325210,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,ChickenNuggetBurgler,soundblaster would approve of this game
76561198010276123,Recommended,248820,8325804,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Dirge the Undying,"""Roguelike"" games are always ridiculously hard and Risk of Rain is no exception. With a ton of different items, stages, enemies, and strategies, no playthrough will be the exact same. Unlike most Rogue games though, Risk of Rain has different difficulties, making it playable to everyone of all skill levels as well. Even vets to the genre like myself have needed to play easy at times.On top of all that, there are 10 characters to unlock as well, each with their own four abilities and stats, very similar to MOBA's like League of Legends, Heroes of Newerth, or DotA. So while one character can benefit from attack speed items, it might not be beneficial to find one for a tanky one. And since it has 4-player online and offline coop, abilities and skills can be mixed and matched, changing things as opposed to playing solo (which is possible even on harder difficulties).All in all, If you want a  platformer like Metal Slug or Cave Story or a Roguelike game like Binding of Isaac, give Risk of Rain a try."
76561198051907822,Recommended,248820,8327289,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Khal Drogo,Very fun if you have a friend or 2 to run around with. little trouble setting up the port forwarding but other than that the game is a great time.
,Recommended,248820,8330178,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Dalton,How about... NO.♥♥♥♥ EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS GOD DAMN GAME.LIKE EVERY MONSTER HAS A SMALL♥♥♥♥♥♥AND WANTS TO KILL YOU.9/10
,Recommended,248820,8264192,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Macciavelo,"Great game, all around. It has permadeath, but it's still fun to play that it doesn't feel repetitive at all even after having beat the game a couple of times. I absolutely recommend it! (Note: It's 10x better if you play it with a controller.)"
76561198027789353,Recommended,248820,8600201,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,K Love,This game is so much fun! It has everything you want in a game and a great way to spend some time with your friends.
,Recommended,248820,8600231,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Mr. Sensible,Little space dudes shoot stuff in a nightmare world. Sometimes there is more than one dude. You must unlock all the dudes.
76561198036107073,Recommended,248820,8543356,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Jamanji,Get this game if you like a rogue shooter that isnt bs... wait
,Recommended,248820,8543414,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,chairsleeper,Hard but really fun if you get a grasp of the mechanics.
,Recommended,248820,8543421,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,zfsnips,great game for people who like binding of isaac and like 8-bit like graphics and storyMusic is amazing :3
,Recommended,248820,8543814,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Xanman,"Addicting and very replayable, will be keeping me entertained for a while. Well worth it."
,Recommended,248820,8544218,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Fate,"This is a very, very addictive game. It's basically a side scrolling shooter where you have to(On each floor) Find a portal, which spawns a boss and kill that and all of the mobs in game. I'd highly reccomend it"
,Recommended,248820,8586303,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Indigo,"GET. THIS. GAME.GET FRIENDS.ESCAPE THE PLANET.FIGHT EVERYTHING.ok ok. This game is awesome, ok? Basically this is a semi-lite-rouge-like game (that has co-op! for up to like 10 players if you manage to configure it to allow that many :D!) (ITS A ROUGE GAME WITH CO-OP. BUY IT ALREADY) where you are stranded on this planet and must try to fight your way to escape. You must shoot, dodge, block, punch and nuke your way levels filled with tons of enemies, fearsome bosses, sweet sweet loot and your way back home.Each stage contains tons of random loot which give you perks and power ups to help you fight the large hordes of enemies. These can be gained from using money on the chests, doing an imp statue challenge, from defeating bosses or gambling them on shrines. OR spend that sweet cash on droids that fight with you with an assortment of weapons such as flamethrowers, guns, missile launchers, or lasers! (Or, you know, they are healer droids and they just heal you. THEY ARE INSANELY HELPFUL)And don't even get me started with all the character classes you can unlock, which just expands replayability even further. AND makes multiplayer even more fun! You can have a team where each specializes in getting eachother loot perks in which help whichever character the most! You could have a sniper hang back with a drill perk while having the commando luring enemies closer and having the Enforcer defend everyone with his shield and keeping enemies in place for the sniper to take the perfect shot.And with that, i'll just say:BUY THIS GAME!"
76561197997760095,Recommended,248820,8586489,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,The Great Prophet Zarquon,"Remember when you used to go to a games arcade, and you got that thrill of playing some amazing title, then die immediately because you couldn't afford to just keep putting coins to get good enough to get a highscore? RoR captures just that feeling, only it's not likeanythingelse out there. And, you can (and will, trust me) keep trying to win in the comfort of your own high-backed gaming chair. Over and over and over...because it's so compelling and addictive! This captures the essence of quick, adrenalising action. Permadeath never felt so satisfying."
,Recommended,248820,8586574,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Dodgy,"Risk of Rain is a game that deserves to be played.It's kind of like The Binding of Isaac meets Metroid.Check it out, great for short stints or for accidentally playing until 4am.Oh also, the soundtrack and art are both absolutely awesome."
,Recommended,248820,8586732,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Fakesmiles,A great game that's hard as nails and offers a ton of replayability.  Really wish that setting up co-op was a more intuitive experience but after following a couple guides its not all that hard to work out.
76561198009715735,Recommended,248820,8586883,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Coagulated,Great little game. Buy it...
,Recommended,248820,7707770,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,timesovgrace,"holy crap, what a fun game. great time waster, and really awesome with a friend! cool rpg elements in a sidescroller, complete with loot and leveling. digging this ""roguelike"" indie! recommended."
,Recommended,248820,8587616,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Eoinp,"Risk of Rain is a great rogue-like platformer. The bosses are hard, you have to get used to the differences in the classes/abilities/items/enemies/stuff. Buy it. Please. Buy it now, and let it drain your free time."
,Recommended,248820,8589129,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,A-Spec,"Seriously challenging, but infinitely rewarding. Well worth the price of admission!"
,Recommended,248820,8589713,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Corvus,"The music, variable dynamic re-playability and constant rogue like fun makes Risk of Rain a solid investment."
,Recommended,248820,8590533,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,ElementDraconium,Great game controls take some getting used to but can be remaped to a controler.
,Recommended,248820,8592384,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Groltag,"Risk of rain is a platformer with rogue-like and rpg elements using a very gorgeous pixel art style.This game is relatively easy to play, the controls are simple and easy to learn and the first five minutes will be quite easy...but it doesn't stay that way for long, the longer you play in a single playthrough, the harder the game gets, going from Very easy, all the way to the HAHAHAHA Difficulty level.There are 10 classes, with 9 being locked from the start, your starting class, the Commando will be the starters before you unlock the main courses, not to say the Commando is bad, oh god no. As a starting class, the Commando is perfect for all players. running and gunning your way through the levels gathering items, drones, money and experience.Risk of rain is dead hard, a difficult game where if you rush, you'll be overwhelmed, and if you try to farm, the game will find a way to end you. Risk of rain rewards a semi-risky style of play, judging ""How long do I have before it gets too hard"" and so on.Do I recommend this game? Absolutely, it's just outstanding and my personal GOTY for 2013.Buy this game, I emplore you all."
76561198094822102,Recommended,248820,8592406,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,TheWesterner,"I've found the final level to be literally impossible. Every platform you step on has a mob on it, and for every mob you handle, 5 more spawn in its place. There's nothing more infuriating to me than playing a game for hours and working so hard just to be met with a figurative 10-mile wide steel wall, being told to make a tunnel through it with your bare hands, the whole while being stung by 20 flying jellyfish."
,Recommended,248820,8556028,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Dr_Pipe,"Great art style, great mechanics great game."
76561198079102794,Recommended,248820,8556522,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,murmures,I played 1 hour and died.But I started again.
76561198042859938,Recommended,248820,8557054,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Timmoman,This game is too good! GOTY 2013!
76561198075041409,Recommended,248820,8557140,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,"Blood, The Mani God",The game is great can offer hours of entertainment. The coop makes for some interesting times. The combo of a platformer with a roguelike elements go great together.
76561198046895291,Recommended,248820,8559551,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Deadeye Duncan,dis game SO GOOD.
,Recommended,248820,8559595,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Barkie_Mailman,Awesome!
,Recommended,248820,8560448,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Alterpexis,"Amazingly fun, Devilishly hard, and insanely hard, this game needs only one word to explain it: Epic"
,Recommended,248820,8560460,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Dango Unleashed,Chased a tiny imp through 8 Magma Worms for headstompers and died 10/10
,Recommended,248820,8161866,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,gripenemy,fun hardcore coop survival
,Recommended,248820,8161886,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,AesFox,A great little game with a broad range of difficulty and hours of replayability!
,Recommended,248820,8161915,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Hellbent,Excellent action game with a great number of items and enemies. I especially like the high difficulty and online coop. Better than Rogue Legacy.
76561198056658161,Recommended,248820,8210007,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Michael,"Love this game, Everybody get it Now."
76561198059700647,Recommended,248820,8210815,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Speedybees,This game you will never beat! EVER
,Recommended,248820,8211889,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Trylobot,Very addicting and solid gameplay. Recommend absolutely.
,Recommended,248820,8211955,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,jamie_181,"a fun roguelike with many different classes to keep the game fresh and engaging, the co op is a little troublesome but nothing hamachi cant fix"
,Recommended,248820,8212445,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,gentlegiant1972,"Risk of Rain is an action platformer with rogue-like elements. But this isn't a bad thing. It features randomly generated environments, permanent death, and even sort of emulates the feel of unkown items. It's not immediately apparent what an item does unless you've already used it, and even then, you may still have to go to the item log to be 100% sure. Proboably the most compelling thing about this game is the replayability. It's hard- really hard. You will die lots, but thankfully the randomness means that the game feels fresh everytime. Additonally, all of the different characters (at least the ones I've unlocked so far) don't just feel slightly differentiated, they feel completely unique. They lend themselves to completely different playstyles and item combinations, and it's really rewarding to try and master one of the new characters. Additionally, unocking them (and the different items in the game for that matter) isn't exactly easy, so the process of trying to unlock new characters and items also makes the grind a little bit more meaningful and bearable.Overall, for the price, this game is excellent, and easily capable of providing you with dozens of hours of enjoyment. It also has one of the best soundtracks for an indie game since in recent memory. Overall, I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a good time killer."
,Recommended,248820,8220811,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,SyKoKiLa,Played this game for about 5  hours and I really enjoys it.!
,Recommended,248820,8221453,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,nathan00107,"This game is incredibly, I recomend it to everyone!"
76561198031869978,Recommended,248820,8225795,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Colin Dent,"Absolutely brutal, but so addictive.Really tight controls, good clean graphics, and excellent music."
76561198009005804,Recommended,248820,8226283,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,theyeti,An excellent indie game that satisfies gamers who are after a bit more of a challenge than what is offered by most modern triple A games. The unlockable characters support different play styles giving this game even more replayability.
,Recommended,248820,8228256,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,MrCalabazal,"Hell Yes I recommend this game! It's the best game I have played multiplayer with friends in a very long time, amazing gameplay, fun art style, great music, tons of customisation! I can see this being a lot of hours of fun!"
76561198026825236,Recommended,248820,8228367,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,McGiggins,"Risk of Rain is a really unique and awesome game, and I strongly recommend it. It's so many genres packed into one. Retro graphics, roguelike, sci-fi, rpg (sorta) there are lots of unlockables to keep you playing!!! 10/10"
76561198043778044,Recommended,248820,8183848,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,limperstump,Love it its fun and the sound track is AMAZING.
76561198046469946,Recommended,248820,8184930,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,The Derpy Gamer,"It is a very fast paced game with beautiful pixel graphics, and because of so, I believe that if you like fast paced games of which you shoot stuff and kill monsters for fun, I would reccommend it."
76561197962779060,Recommended,248820,8185642,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,MegamanX,"Exellent game, the mechanics are awesome, multiplayer is a little bit of a hassle, if you do not own a server that is :)  either way great game I will give it two Thumbs Up"
,Recommended,248820,8186909,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Meander,"One of the best games i've played this year!  This is an amazing rouge like lite game.  Its fun to play solo or with other people (I found hamachi the easiest way to setup multiplayer).The game is extreamly challenging, but also easy get into.  There's lots of classes, items, levels and strategies to discover.  The creators have done an amazing job!"
76561198036638531,Recommended,248820,8188127,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Professor Oak,"This game is so much fun! I'm kind of addicted... Each playthrough feels much different from the last due to the random item distribution. If you like games that punish you for making mistakes, BUY THIS GAME!"
76561198007148096,Recommended,248820,8189130,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Ritsum,Awesome game! Will take up a lot of your time and you can play it when you only have a few minutes to do something!
,Recommended,248820,8232615,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Slepice1,"Super rogue-like platformovka, ale na klávesnici se to hraje blbě (a to na klávesnici hraju 98% věcí) zatím jsem sice ovladač nezkoušel ale určitě to bude lepší."
,Recommended,248820,8232973,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Chrysippus,"Pixely, platforming madness. Pretty darn hard, but a lot of fun. I suggest a controller."
76561197987336418,Recommended,248820,8235878,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Draco Obscura,This game is amazing
76561198071113160,Recommended,248820,8169914,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Bramble,Good.
76561198034416468,Recommended,248820,8170086,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Snake,Very fun and unforgiving.
,Recommended,248820,8170426,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Clear,"I bought this during the flash sale and I do not regret it. The graphics look simplistic but add a charm to the game. Attempts can last anywhere from 5 minutes to 30 minutes while you are still learning the ropes and the difficulty scales as time goes on so there is always a sense of urgency.Having so many items have a chance to drop from shrines/chests also adds replayability as you will never have the same items and the action comes at a fast pace so after you die it only takes a minute or so before you are surrounded by enemies all over again.Amazing game, highly recommended* and this is before I have even tried local/online co-op."
,Recommended,248820,8171538,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,el Heaven,O M G THIS GAME IS INCREDIBLE! Super addicting and challenging
76561198090114275,Recommended,248820,8171780,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Rhys Wall,BEST PLATFORM SHOOTER EVER
76561197970526807,Recommended,248820,8172472,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,xxargon,"It's fun, brutal, addictive, and different everytime you play. Not for the easily frustrated. A challenge to behold."
,Recommended,248820,8172766,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,its like dayz but sidescrolling and spacey
,Recommended,248820,7905525,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,MrWubWub,It is like Terraria meets Starbound (When Starbound is not even out yet)
,Recommended,248820,7905540,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,HitmanJustin,"AMAZING,This is one of those 2D games you come into expecting to beat in only a few hours. Well you sir, are very very wrong, You find out very quickly this game is out to kill you, and kill you they will. The longer you take wondering around wasting time, the harder it will get. The name of the game is get through it as quickly as possible, and collect as many items as possible. You're character is extremely vulnerable in the Alien Worlds, kill your foes and collect money. Buy as many items as you can, and Create an unstoppable build. I HIGHLY recommend buying this game, its a steal at the full price of $9.99, and if there is a sale on it, there no reason to pick this up. This Action Sider Scroller with Rogue-Like elements is one of a kind"
76561198079622251,Recommended,248820,7905578,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,PGimael,"Awesome Game,  Worthy the money"
76561198041863251,Recommended,248820,7905660,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Dj. Moist,"Risk of Rain is a great, but very VERY difficult game. It's randomly generated beautiful maps are filled will a plethora of increasingly difficult enemies, but counter balances it with even more pickups and powerups. The infinitely spawning enemies and overly difficult bosses make the game extermely difficult and frustrating at times. Overall great game, recommend at full price."
76561198071896523,Recommended,248820,7905944,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,dudewitbangs,epic.
76561198078077602,Recommended,248820,7906116,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,pwnagrafick,"Risk of Rain is one of those few gems in the action roguelike genre that shouldnt go ignored. Its a vast game with over a hundred items both usable and passive (think Binding Of Isaac) and 10 very different and varied classes. As most people who play any kind of roguelike want a difficult game fronted with a randomized playthrough and permadeath to match this game does it masterfully. While each section is aesthetically very similar in respective stages they actual changes to loot locations and level layout are more than enough to give it hefty replayability without feeling all the same. The soundtrack and effects of the game blend oldschool effects with a very exiting new age soundtrack, this is how audio should be done in action games. While the pacing of the game is very fast since difficulty is scaled with time alive it can kind of get in the way at times, but far more often than not the pacing makes this already tense genre even more nervewracking in the best of ways.Gameplay 8.5/10Presentation 7.5/10Sound 9/10Replayability 10/10Overall for the Price 9/10"
,Recommended,248820,7906188,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,BubberDuck,Yes yes and more yesIf the awesome retro style does not get youThe soundtrack will
,Recommended,248820,7906769,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Knight A,"It's pretty damn good when you consider the asking price. Pretty much like everything, the platforming is pretty easy / accessible to all users, the random nature of upgrades increases its replayability, as well as the huge difficulty curve. These two elements make you want to keep coming back to get that little bit further. A terrible game for people who get easily addicted - you will lose hours to this game."
,Recommended,248820,7906969,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Ω Generic Name Ω,"A Fun game, well worth the buy.  Has some annoying bugs that demand immediate attention i.e. Steam UI, enemies not dieing/teleporting to you/gaining health back when they already took damage.  Would be nice to have a better fullscreen option and easier connections to play with friends.  None of these issues prevent you from playing the game.  Its still that fun."
76561198024088472,Recommended,248820,7907852,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Sargent Peanuts,"A surprisingly addicting 2.5D action platformer. But of course you already know that. In general, the game just works. It combines simple concepts/common practices and does it right. Heads up, this is a long reviewGraphics: Simple, but they work. There're no beautiful sunset vistas, and you won't ever find yourself admiring the detail on a pair of glasses you've picked up, but they still look good enough. Enemy design is interesting, and a few enemies are even a bit terrifying (Parents. You'll know them when you see them). How does it run? Well for the most part at a flawless  60 fps on my laptop (i7-2670QM, 8gb RAM, GT 540m) on... Low. Don't mistake that as shody programing and poor optimization (although I believe it could have been better), I keep the settings on low for two reasons. One, at later levels the game becomes rather hectic, with easily over a hundred enemies on the screen at any one time. Two, if you drop below 50 fps, the speed of the game drops very noticably. It makes sense though, it allows people with toasters to still play the game, but the sudden slowdown (which becomes even more noticable at 40 and 30 fps) can be very jarring and can make the game a bit uncomfortable to play.Gameplay: Much like the rest of the game, simple in concept yet it works. As mentioned it is a 2.5D action platformer. You run left and right, can jump and climb up vines/ladders/whatever happens to be there. The controls are simple. left/right arrows to move, space to jump, and the ZXC and V keys for abilites. I personally changed the combat keys to ASDF, it was simply more comfortable on my hand (mileage may vary). There are 10 characters, all of which are unique and play differently (Huntress FTW). You only start out with the commando however, and you may start to find him to be a little tedious after of couple hours. There are 109 items which act along the lines of statistical buffs (more life, %10 chance to do double damage, chance to evade damage). This is one of two weak points of the game, imo. Now. People have mentioned this game being difficult. I see it as difficult in the way that Dark Souls is difficult (put down your pitchforks). There's a a method to succeeding in this game, and unfortunately in this one it isn't player skill. It's time and [REDACTED]. And a bit of luck, the drops can make or break a round. The difficulty does scale up very quickly though, and later on when the difficulty shoots up and bosses start spawning as starndard enemies, a single misstep can result in instant death. Bonus? Co-op multiplayer! Get some friends and go get your ***** kicked!Replayablity: Moderate to very high, depending on your preference. I've put 26 hours into it over a few days so for me personally it is very high. The 3 different difficulties allow even the newest pansies to play on Drizzle difficulty, while people who don't mind getting punished with no chance of having survived in the first place will enjoy Monsoon difficulty. Rainstorm is plenty difficult for me. There are 5 levels with different areas that you might spawn into randomly. On each level the locations of where you spawn at, the item crate/shops/shrines, and the exit teleporter are all randomized, and with each level being surprisingly (and at times, annoyingly) large maps allow for playing on the same map dozens of time. Additionally, the maps have slight variations depending on what character you are playing (I may be mistaken). Once you reach the 4th level and beat the boss, you have the option to return to the first level (which will once again be randomized) and play through again. If at the end of any level the difficulty gets to much (after having beat the 4th area once that playthrough), you can go to the final level at your own discretion.Story/Atmosphere: There is a very minimal story in Risk of Rain. Basically, a strange being crashes up your ship on a very hostile and mysterious world. You land in a drop pod and then have to fight your way to back to another ship while everything tries to kill you. There was also a nuclear war in 2019. The atmosphere is great, however. The areas look good, and the music is fantastic.Overall, a thouroughly enjoyable game that is a combination of The Binding of Isaac and Contra. Many unlockable characters and items with lots of replayability and an awesome soundtrack.Final note: I'd actually like to see a MOBA/DOTA style game based around Risk of Rain. There is so much here that would fit so well in a MOBA style game."
76561198066444729,Recommended,248820,13330535,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,panakon,"very good game , i love the art style !"
76561198044196449,Recommended,248820,13334565,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Diaboragon,The absolute most fun I've had in awhile with playing through and unlocking  each and every class.
,Not Recommended,248820,13337412,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,konporer,"good potential wasted trying to be badass or just to look like a hard game,when theres absolutely no sense of achievement or satisfaction if you only beat the boss after youre already so so familiar with its moving paterns and attacking rotations and all the items you chose and utilize and tried and died trying so many times,you only beat the game when youre probably more familiar with the game and all its elements than the dev himself,  how is beating the game you desgined using the op choices/cheats you left in the game yourself any fun?its just a tedious grind with no aim or fun in doing so.this can be such a good massive platformer with great fun from exploration of randomized world and character progression becaues of all the items you can loot, but in the end its jsut a very poorly desgined, potential wasted, stupid grindfest."
,Recommended,248820,13337649,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Spleen Machine,"I just keep throwing my time and energy at this game, and it never turns me away. The power combinations can turn runs into hilarious dervishes of death and destruction, and the option to just keep looping through the game as the difficulty goes higher and higher is perfect. I cannot tell you how many times I have died simply because I refuse to actually advance to the last stage.They even fixed the slowdown issue! Granted, they decided to zoom even further out in the same update, making this a nightmare to play locale multiplayer on a TV. So there is that.Anyway, please go find some Happiest Masks and Souls in a Jar and have a good time."
,Recommended,248820,10914720,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,♉Daacals♆ - नमस,Cool! it reminds me about the awesome game Teleglitch. the music is good
76561198073351274,Recommended,248820,13317960,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,gomiyamoto,The best platformer I have ever played. It's difficult to keep away!The game is enjoyable to play on any difficulty and offers customability with different characters and modes (via artifacts).I'm still unlocking characters and artifacts at this point and having a blast.
,Recommended,248820,13323507,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,🚚 keenan,incredibly fun rogue-like game. super challenging end game plus a lot more fun online with friends. soundtrack is amazing as well. highly recommended
76561198000719443,Recommended,248820,13326038,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Cuddles,"This is a fantastic action-shooter rogue-like. It's hard as heck, unforgiving, and yet I can't stop going back for more!"
,Recommended,248820,13326526,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Maven,"It will kick your♥♥♥♥♥ At least at first. Once you hit a certain point, unlock a few classes and items, start learning the basic mechanics, find a good balance of speed and thoroughness...the game accelerates. And you will feel triumphant beating the final boss.But...then you realize it's short. So it's about achievement hunting, relic challenges, and self-imposed restrictions after that. But for the price, it's at least worth that first rush of accomplishment and defiance."
,Recommended,248820,13329929,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Apocosausage,Take my money
76561197973516707,Recommended,248820,13835045,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,ExSang,"Awesome 2D shooter. Simple on first sight, but it has surprising depth. Worth the $10It plays better with a controller"
76561198076823675,Recommended,248820,13836489,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Aryashi,"Risk of Rain is a combat platformer that adds a lot of interesting elements to the rogue-like formula. The difficulty timer encourages fast play instead of farming, the ease of unlocking items makes every replay rewarding, and it's easy to get tons of hours out of 'just one more try'. The menus can be a bit cluttered and the difficulty curve is more like a brick wall that hates you and your family, but it is a fun time that's sure to last you ages."
76561198009689432,Recommended,248820,13837879,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,ezh,Awesome!
,Recommended,248820,13842853,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Fresh,"I love a challenge! Risk of Rain is awesome. Great music, graphics, level design, and gameplay. Can't wait to unlock more."
,Recommended,248820,11578811,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,[T-C-O] InsaneGuy -Tumblers-,Just buy the dang game.
76561198065228797,Recommended,248820,11759728,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Nanuk,"It's a great game which is really simple yet has a ton of depth. The items have interesting bonuses and the boss fights range from very easy to hard as f*ck. If you repeat the levels for long enough though, you'll start to get a little bit bored. That is, until you play it again with all the things you unlocked! Definitely worth a try"
76561198036265048,Recommended,248820,11824339,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Yuka,
,Recommended,248820,11826357,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Jancz,A bit of a skill curve but once you unlock all the classes the fun really begins. One of my most cost effective purchases.
,Recommended,248820,11891879,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,ChopstickNINJ4,This game is amazingly addictive and challenging.  Gets exponentially harder if you play any other class than huntress / bandit.
,Recommended,248820,11894566,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Theran,"I've spent quite some time on this, and I have to say it's incredibly addicting. It takes the loot gathering high you get from games, and just gives you a steady stream of it. The thing is, it never wears off since you end up using this in different combinations each time.Each character feels different, they each have a role. It's refreshing to see this. It feels like the team fortress of survival games.The artstyle is fantastic. It amazes me how great pixel art can look.The story, while seemingly non-existence is actaully very poignant. It left me wondering if I was the good guy. It's mostly told in logs, and through dialogue in the final boss room.It's a very difficult game, and takes some getting used to, but once you figure things out, it becomes a blast. Well worth the asking price."
,Recommended,248820,11921442,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Dubius Bubius,it oki
,Recommended,248820,11544526,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,The Memessiah,Step 1: Kill everything.Step 2: Make it to the teleporter.Step 3: Kill boss.Step 4: Don't die (optional).
76561198063369614,Recommended,248820,11547870,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,sean,"Aamazing game, espicially if you're playing with a friend. It's a fast pace, chaotic and utterly addictive action game. 5/5"
,Recommended,248820,11549479,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Koi,"The game might be hard in the beginning since you have to know about the system, monsters that come out, character abilities and item builds. But the overall control is not too complicated.Every character is powerful in its own way and that's your job how to find it out!And I think most of the soundtracks in Risk of Rain are pretty cool too. They fit the ambience very well and are groovy as well."
,Recommended,248820,11668004,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Andy Dirks,"Love this game, the first few playthroughs were rough and a little discouraging but once you get the hang of it, there is no need for any other game. What makes this game so great is the replay value, the concept of playing the same game over and over with only level changes doesn't sound fun or different but yet once you play it you realize exactly how different each playthrough can be. With the artifacts, characters, and difficulty all adding to that replay value you can play this game over and over, but you know I've only logged 30+ hours, what would I know?"
76561198100365737,Recommended,248820,11653087,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,JustaBunnnnnnn,"one of the most fun games i have ever played, no issues so far, gameplay is great, items are cool. I LOVE DIS GAME!"
76561198049591642,Recommended,248820,11665460,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,^6Funky185540,"Really Awesome game, absolute fun to play, even more if you play with a friend and a nice game to kill some time."
76561198039560977,Recommended,248820,8006058,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Freddi Fish Jr,sweet game
,Recommended,248820,8006298,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,PIPIKO_LOLOBA,"very cool game! love this atmosphere, soundtracks and this old-like pixel view. in my opinion: must have game!"
,Recommended,248820,8006750,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,phil,"I thought this game would be fun, but not this much fun! The classes are all unique, yet still fun to use. The items are really creative too. A+ game, I can't wait until I get paid so I can buy more copies for all of my friends"
76561198110605659,Recommended,248820,8006866,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,paincaster,OK
,Recommended,248820,7685802,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,CarlCX,risk of PAINno seriously this game's pretty tough
,Recommended,248820,8008660,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Jin,"This game is everything I look for in a game.  It is highly adddictive, chest for days. the powerups stack and it is difficult!Just get it.My only complaint is The multiplayer does not work. At all and when searching through the message board people are just calling eachother names for not knowing such simple knowledge.so 3.5/5"
,Recommended,248820,8008839,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Crescence,"If you're looking for a challenge, this game is fantastic. Great as a small game to just play for 20 minutes or to invest hours in."
,Recommended,248820,8009188,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Sandal.,"very fun game, great soundtrack, amazing gameplay. GET THIS GAME!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,248820,8009411,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Dark Instinct,"this game is super addictive, if the online play had some time of match making i dont think i would ever stop playing it however the extreme difficulty of the game does make solo play kind of become boring after a while"
,Recommended,248820,8010041,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Stikx_,This game is amazing! Definately worth the money and has THE BEST soundtrack in a game that i have ever heard! 10/10 would rain again. XOXO Luv u lots!
,Recommended,248820,8012015,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Grumbles,good mix of diffrent game machanics only downside it how you connect thru multiplayer is old school ip adresses
,Recommended,248820,8012043,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Nai,"Do you like platformers? Did you like Binding of Isaac? Do you enjoy dying?If you answered 'yes' or 'no' to any of these questions, Risk of Rain is for you!Sidescrolling platformer action with 10 classes, each of which is unique and plays differently. Preset levels with randomly generated monsters. Randomly dropping items out of a pool of over 100 items. Internal achievements and progress galore. And did I mention scaling difficulty as the time of each run progresses?Why haven't you bought this yet?"
76561198036138636,Recommended,248820,10696430,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,mikeknight01,So far this game has eaten far more hours than I would have guessed. Must be good!
,Recommended,248820,10697316,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,kastrul,Very addictive !!!!
76561198013881780,Recommended,248820,10697944,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Stray Cato,You gutta risk it for the biscuit
,Recommended,248820,10698276,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Star-Butt,"Having beaten the game mulitple times it never fails to still be a great time sink and fun as hell. It's always great starting out new again and slowly working up until you just have ridiculous amounts of items and you're basically unbeatable, but until you get to that point just trying to survive and hoping you get a good combo of times to help you along the way.The controls are solid, the characters, while I've still not unlocked a few, all work differently but are each enjoyable in their own way. Now with the artifacts added into the game there's a new way of playing again, which adds more replayability that the game already had tons of.This is an amazing title and more people should pick it up."
,Recommended,248820,10698338,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Janokachops,"I have lots of fun with this one,  its cheap and will suck you in for hours.  good replayability!"
76561198010150474,Recommended,248820,10726171,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,LionheadGeek,"Very cool little game. The first hour or so is very tough, but once you get the hang of it, you'll be having a blast in no time."
76561198116090398,Recommended,248820,10726539,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,captSerious19,Just bought it and I can say that I am already in love with it. AWSOME GAME
,Recommended,248820,10726619,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Carter,This is an insane game. seems to have so many extras cool bonuses throughout. So hard in spots. Wish hero was bigger. Can hardly see him
,Recommended,248820,10726724,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,chinpok,Waste of time. I like it.
76561198006558476,Recommended,248820,10726855,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,JackalSam,"The basic premise of this game is the core mechanic of 'how much skill does it take to survive with the limited range of actions I can take?' It's atmospheric music, the simplicity and responsivness of control, and the rogue-like element of random encountered enemies that scale do wonders at crafting an atmosphere of tense, unique combat. Love this game, I'd love to see more."
,Recommended,248820,7706190,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,James Dunn,You shoot alot. What is there not to love?
76561198080770011,Recommended,248820,9254083,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Rumble Bear,meh fav game 0n steam atm
76561198032223322,Recommended,248820,9254610,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,John Schnatter,"Risk of Rain is the best thing since sliced bread. The storyline is extremely well done, and the characters are highly believable (despite the very few things said about them.) I wish I could say more about the game without spoiling it, but the gameplay is smooth (especially if you rebind the keys or use a controller) and the graphics, while not adding to the atmosphere a whole lot, do their job very well. The music and the attention to detail is PHENOMENAL and the multiplayer, albeit taking some time to port-forward, is really fun. The amount of unlockables will entice you to comeback, and the game has at least 20+ hours of replayability. This game is one of the most well done games I have ever played, and I strongly advise you to do the same.98.5 / 100"
76561198021653832,Recommended,248820,13232280,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Daybrams,"Risk of Rain may not be particularly outstanding, but like many of its genre is a nice timewaster with some challenge every once and a while. The online system could use some work. If it is on sale for a few dollars and you are looking to stir the rouge-like pot and already have Binding of Isaac this is probably your game."
,Recommended,248820,10401000,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,dogbog,how to win gamgit mongit dronrinse and repeat until boss is dead
,Recommended,248820,13235377,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Qcatnip,:D Great game to kill time and your lifespan
,Recommended,248820,13263934,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,s a m m y,"I really LOVE how different this game is. I love how you need to go to seemigly impossible (When you start the game, anyway) lengths to get new characters and relics. This game is awesome."
76561198066490251,Recommended,248820,13264798,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,ialwaysregretmyname,"A fantastic Rogue-like romp with a great music and art style. A deceptively simple, Nintendo hard, action platformer."
76561198089483838,Recommended,248820,11578860,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,ed,"Good.This game has provided me with endless hours of fun, challenge and heartbreak. Disovering new items, and their effects and learning how to best use each character is just half the game. After a few completions and unlocking all of the artifacts the fun only goes up from there. With the right combinations of artifacts you can really make ""your"" style of build and up the difficulty.Great fun playing online, or hot seat multiplayer. Must buy."
76561198061101469,Recommended,248820,13246894,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,KillThemAllJohnny,This game is AMAZING! Its good for player that want to find something a little different and challenging. A game where you actually try to beat the game
,Recommended,248820,7686790,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Emerson,This is an awesome game! Super challenging!! I love it!!
,Recommended,248820,13254011,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Fealeo,Oh yeah !Deconnect your brain and have fun !
,Recommended,248820,13352496,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,LeadFire,"Dear lord is this game amazing! It's hard at first, yes, but stick with it and the payoff is unbelievably satisfying!I'd say they've found the perfect balance of skill, luck and fun. 10/10 from me!"
76561198067712194,Recommended,248820,13352572,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Tumahub,"This game is really addictive, combining a Binding of Isaac-type character building system(acquiring powerups with hard-earned cash or killing a boss) with a sense of urgency instilled by a difficulty that increases over time in-game.  It's surprisingly intense and each unlockable character renews the combat mechanics.  Pretty cool."
76561198062339515,Recommended,248820,13352788,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,hitomroow,"So damn satisfying rogue-like 2D shooter, it makes wanna play one more time. Each time. Grind those items!"
76561198036881131,Not Recommended,248820,13353053,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,RupingleJr,Doesnt Launch. It used to. If it does I will say yes to this game
,Recommended,248820,13355393,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,gunkus,This game is goddamn fantastic. 10/10 would read again.
,Recommended,248820,13356225,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Ambydo,It's a hard game.It's a good game.It's a fun game.Good music.Fun with friends.
,Recommended,248820,10901916,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Sir. Byzantium,Got the meteorite item and killed my friend with it... all he could do was sit there and glare at me from across the room while I beat the game. 9/10
,Recommended,248820,13359456,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Sirkaution,"RoR is a fun and addicting game. While it can be rage inducing with its increasing difficulty as time passes by, it just makes you want to work that much harder to do well. All the classes have their own strengths and weaknesses, which is always a great thing in games that have multiple kinds of characters."
,Recommended,248820,13377522,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Liam,I love this game a lot. Lots of unlockable  characters that are highly different from each other - each having their own signature abilities that dramatically seperates gameplay from another character. The art is nice and the game is very addictive. The only problem I have is that you need to kill all of the enemies before you can proceed to the next teleporter
76561197981719258,Recommended,248820,13378826,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Simon Jester,Mostly you die alot.But then you keep playing.Later you die a little bit less.
76561198116662315,Recommended,248820,13378830,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,yclin7704   hellcase.com,it is so good that u can't even pleave it 10/10
76561198077459046,Recommended,248820,9002922,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,bubble buddy,DIS GAME GUUUUUUUUD
76561198025970578,Recommended,248820,8918743,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,lol RYan,SO good i'd buy it if i din't already
76561198068023077,Recommended,248820,8925147,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Microwaved Beer,"This game was very fun, I was hooked pretty quick although i found after i beat the game it didnt hold much value after that. but there are many different playstyles to try after you unlock everyone and it still holds replay value. worth the money for sure."
76561198019153035,Recommended,248820,9108392,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Boomhauer,"Great game, even better with friends, I'd recommend this to anyone with a few friends and an open port."
,Recommended,248820,9109038,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,NEO Ness,"Hard. Fun. Bring your friends because you'll die alone otherwise.  If you like Indie Platformers with a bit of Roguelike difficulty, then this game is definitely for you."
,Recommended,248820,13161626,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Brushie,The only platfomer i've ever liked.
,Recommended,248820,9135921,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Mattomatic,"So, what can I say about Risk of Rain? This game is phenomenal. It's one of the best roguelike indie games i've ever seen (Along with Nuclear Throne and OlliOlli, but that's a different story). This game can   and will keep you happy and entertained for hours. I love the diversity and variety in the different classes.Summary:Likes --Diversity in classes-Diversity in enemies-Smooth gameplay-Enjoyable and entertaining-Challenging at times-BalancedDislikes--Port Forwarding :/Overall score: 9.5/10"
,Recommended,248820,13109075,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Billco Tabarnak!,"This retro-styled game is extremely addictive!  It's a rather difficult platform shooter, a bit like if ""The Bindinc of Isaac"" were reimagined as a platformer.  You can choose from about a dozen classes, many of which you must unlock through gameplay challenges, and each one has completely different attacks and abilities.Killing enemies gives you money, which you then use to unlock chests containing a huge variety of items that enhance your character in various ways.  Some may boost your attacking power, others give you defenses or mobility, and a few rare items have unique effects like stopping time, flying, or increasing the money you get from kills.  There are lots of secrets and remote areas only accessible with certain characters, or jetpacks, or other combinations of items, so there's always something cool to discover with each random playthrough.The enemies get stronger and more numerous as time passes, so the action starts off easy then ramps up to insane fights with you kiting nearly 100 enemies, each with their own unique attacks and behaviours.You will die.  You will learn.  You will get ridiculously good.  You will read the wiki.  And you will have a RIOT playing it."
76561198029829825,Recommended,248820,13109369,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,LumazeR,+
,Recommended,248820,13109389,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Starh,"Highly recommend everyone to buy this, even for its full price! (at this current time it is at 75% off during a steam sale) Absolutely worth it with endless fun. Haven't had a single problem with multiplayer either. :)Won't be giving it a rating, but I will say that it's seriously unique and will always have its competitiveness with the additional replayability with artifacts that increase the difficulty."
76561198043987666,Recommended,248820,13109839,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,pineapplesauce,"This game is awesome and has an amazing group of dedicated developers who just gave us two new characters for FREE where other developers would of sold dlc at 4.99 each. They also fix bugs regularly!We now have 10 characters, countless unlocks, and  procederal platforming puzzlesStranded on an alien planet ,you must survive the hordes of aliens relying on your unique skills and item pick ups to guide you to the teleporter where you face ultimate pixel blasted bosses. Not for the faint of heart or vision impaired, Risk of Rain is a great game for all ages and perfect for family fun. 4-player controller couch coop is available as well as online multiplayer!"
,Recommended,248820,13047416,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Anemos,died on first level 10/10
,Recommended,248820,13048763,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,AIDS Pizza,"This game is so Zen.  Permadeath forces you to not get attached to your character and all of your unlocks.  Unlocking new characters greatly varies the game as it forces you to adopt a completely different playstyle.  The game is also very difficult.  I've done about 10 runs so far on the easiest difficulty, and have not gotten past the third stage.  Even though I have only played for about 3 hours, I can see myself spending many hours on this game, despite its simplicity.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,248820,13051410,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,ToNFa117 (SSK),"Amazing game, can't stop playing!"
76561198026809463,Recommended,248820,10491918,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Shithead,"ive encountered a problem where whenever i exit the game and come back to it another time, it does not have my information saved. (not just my gameplay) my control settings are back to default when i open the game again, its back to fullscreen mode( i like playing in windowed mode). and all my unlocked items and characters are gone. i dont play it on drizzle at all. so idk what to do.PLEASE HELP SOMEONE."
,Recommended,248820,13110787,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,TigBun,"If you like a challenge this is like being given a pistol and being told to take on the whole world without dying. And that is pretty much it.You alone or with a friend on a planet full of hostal monsters, who get progressively stronger and deadlier each mintue.Rush through or find some good loot? Either way the game it punching you in the gut and your choices are nothing compared to your skill."
76561198115289211,Recommended,248820,13112988,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,owenharry,"love this game. periode.this game may seem small but thancks to the items and the gameplay it can suck you in and never let gously i get borde whith such small games, but this is diffrend.buy this game. periode."
76561198049215110,Recommended,248820,13113712,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,thelaughingbomb,RNGesus simulator.
76561198065540044,Recommended,248820,11079727,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,holythunder1992,"Kill enemies, collect loot, buy stuff, power up, and kill more enemies. Its simple and fun"
,Recommended,248820,11080905,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Rithm,"If you've ever had that experience when you were young, where you rented a game and spent the next few days scrambling to beat it before the deadline, then you fit in very well with this game. YOU WILL DIE, it's only a matter of how far you will get before you do. Takes the rogue-like genre and adds elements of platformer and action that make it feel comfortable to all gamers. Get it."
,Recommended,248820,10942529,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Phoenix,"No matter how many times I die on this game, I keep coming back for more. It's absolutely wonderful. Multiplayer is a bit janky, but using a service like Tuungle works wonders for improving the experience and connectivity. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,248820,10943737,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,CovertRedPanda,Great game for playing with multiple people(s).
76561197999644385,Recommended,248820,10944854,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,PieceOfPaper,Wow 'tis gud.
76561198033158184,Recommended,248820,10946130,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,BigJJono,definitely worth the money
,Recommended,248820,10946355,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Makkar,"Out of all the Roguelikes I've purchased through the summer sale this one is definitely my favorite, it's tons of fun and really captures the roguelike experience."
76561198022272382,Recommended,248820,10947392,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Usuper King Zant,"Risk of Rain is a 2D, sidescrolling, rogue-like, shoot 'em up utilizing over a hundred items, 8 characters and a wide and varied array of skills and abilities. Combat is fast paced but strategic and every second counts as the difficulty is constantly increasing from the second you start a game. Multiplayer is either online or hotseat. The only downside to hotseat gameplay is that you all share the same game window meaning that your mobility is limited and because of the large amount of info that must be displayed on one screen items and other stats that are normally displayed in one player aren't during hotseat multiplayer. It's manageable but annoying. Other than this one downside, however, the game shines and is a fantastic, relatively cheap experience that has hours of potential gameplay and huge replayability. Highly recommended for single and multiplayer experiences. But beware, as the game's difficulty is extremely high even on the easiest of settings. It will take new players a little while to get used to it. Enjoy."
,Recommended,248820,10890975,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,TompsonX,One of the best games I've played in the last 2 years. Decent challange and great in co-op. Different characters to try out to keep the game interesting and random bosses on each level.
,Recommended,248820,10891969,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,seaface,this game is sooooooooooo fun you need to get it if you have the monny
76561198031394662,Recommended,248820,10894472,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,JDK002,"Fantastic Roguelike platform shooer that ramps up the difficulty the longer you play until things get to the edge of pixelated chaos.  Then it takes a flying leap off that edge laughing hysterically.Several playable characters to unlock, each with surprisingly different play styles, and 4 player online and local co-op makes this a no brainer for anyone wants an old school action game."
,Recommended,248820,10896115,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Dirty Jones,Hard as ♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,248820,10909696,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ContagiousId,"I've been playing this game a good bit since purchasing it less than a week ago, and as far as I'm conscerened, it is WELL worth the price.Risk of Rain may seem VERY difficult at the start, but hang in there! With a little experimenting (and a little more dying) the game becomes much more survivable.Pros:Pixel art style is well done, and so far everything has been easily distinguished.Solid replay value: lots of items, characters, and other unlocks.Characters cater to a wide range of play-styles.Fun gameplay, with the average play time being between 30-90 minutes per run.Cons:On older PCs, the game will start to run a little slowly in the last two levels due to high enemy spawn rates.Getting the first few characters unlocked can be slow-going, making the first few playthroughs somewhat repetitive.All-in-all, this game is a must-grab for anyone looking for a classic 2D shoot-em-up game."
76561198022868252,Recommended,248820,10911397,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,TheWeaselWizard,Awsome! All that needs saying.
,Recommended,248820,10912509,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,DrSoup007,Even once you complete the game it still provides endless fun and difficult variety.
76561198020745705,Recommended,248820,10913372,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Stefano31,♥♥♥♥ing awesome!!!
,Recommended,248820,10913561,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,A Shoggoth,"A great roguelike with a fluid combat, interesting way of handling difficulty and classes that are different enough to keep it fresh every playthrough. It's very challenging but always fair. One of the best roguelike i've ever played. Don't trust me? Check out Totalisucuit review of it on YouTube for a more professional opinion."
,Recommended,248820,10914376,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,jax7564,"Extremely difficult, extremely fun.  Provides great gameplay, at a comparatively low price.  Game is smooth, responsive, and has  enough replayability to make it a great buy."
76561198105584509,Recommended,248820,10915967,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,CyanideTrick,Risk of Rain felt like a classic game that I would of played on the snes and really sticks to the indie style. I found the game actually quite entertaining. It's definetly worth the buy and is more fun with friends.
,Recommended,248820,13297296,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Hopesick,"With Risk of Rain, patience isn't only a virtue. It's a matter of survival. The game is certainly fun, but new players should bear in mind that when they first start playing, they will die quickly and often, even at the lowest difficulty setting.In Risk of Rain, you play as one of several spacefaring warriors who have crashed on a mysterious planet and must attempt to escape while fighting off hostile local wildlife. Although the basic premise and gameplay doesn't exactly break new ground, the game does introduce some unique mechanics that keep things interesting. Among these is the fact that the game's difficutly level starts off relatively low, and gradually increases the longer the player remains in the game, regardless of how far they've actually progressed. Each level has a randomly-generated teleporter that the player must find in order to progress to the next stage.  But simply running straight to it is a poor strategy since the player also needs to fight monsters and collect power-ups in order to become strong enough to face the later levels. This forces the player to manage their time well and creates a nice bit of tension that underlies the morally ambiguious nature of the game's story; the planet's background is slowly revealed to the player through a series of ""Monster Logs"" and it quickly becomes clear that the player is more of a genocidal invader than a lost astronaut (I know, moral ambiguity in an indie game? How absurd!).The big problem with Risk of Rain (one of many in a game that was written by two guys in a ♥♥♥♥ing basement) is that it only starts out with one playable character. And although the possibilty of unlocking more creates incentive to keep playing the game, the difficutly level makes unlocking more characters something of a grind, espcially when the starting character gets old pretty fast.If you do end up buying RoR, you'll probably want to beat the game at least once on the lowest difficutly setting before you try anthing tougher. You'll save yourself a great many broken keyboards and monitors in the process."
76561198093051377,Recommended,248820,13298573,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Cactus Man123,"Very fun game, probably my favorite game on the pc. Starts out really hard but gets easier as you get a hang of it. The challenge is probably the gest part, either that or the plethora of different items. each itwem is useful and on its own not too over powered. I love the art style and the music, the controls are simple and quick yo learn and the characters are a hell of a lot of fun to unlock and get to use. I woul reccomend this game to anyone who wants to waste a ton of time and have a blast while doing it."
76561198055032957,Recommended,248820,13439934,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Donahue,"This game is like being mauled by a pack of increasingly rabid hyenas over the course of 12 hours. No matter what you do, no matter where you go or how much you scream those hyenas are gonna keep coming and coming. Sooner or later you get your throat torn out by the hyenas and have to start over again. And you do. It'll be different this time, you lie to yourself. I'll beat those hyenas for sure. Sure enough, you get a little bit farther away from the pack of hyenas this time but to no avail. They maul you. They kill you. They eat you. This game is like that only the hyenas in this game spout out precipitation puns.10/10"
,Recommended,248820,13439966,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Reza Qin,I didn't think I'd like this game but I can say that I was totally wrong.  The pixel art is great.  The game play is tight.  The classes are varied.  The items are awesome.  And the strategy required will continually test your reflexes.
76561198048046714,Recommended,248820,13441905,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Pringleson Pimpditch,"This game has to be one of my favorite games of all time. I cannot wait to see what the devs throw out next. I am constantly looking forward to new updates that add content to the game. The game may seem repatative to people just taking a look at it, but trust me it does not get old. So many things add to this game that make it so replayable. Playing with 4 friends is really fun as well!"
,Recommended,248820,12986560,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,OG FrozzenFlame,"great game with controler suport, would be nice if it added 4 player local."
,Recommended,248820,12987246,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Hombrecorvo,"now i am become death, the destroyer of worlds"
,Recommended,248820,12988766,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,CandyDemon,Anyone got any cover? Preferibly one that is resistant to more than rain.
,Recommended,248820,12989039,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Steve McBob,"Fun game, I would not call it rouge like though. The levels all generate the same within a missing platform or two. However game is still great Lost many an hour to it."
76561198074491455,Recommended,248820,13346378,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,revelent,"This game is incredible. I haven't beat it yet, but i made it to the final boss.  You can play it over and over and its still fun.  The background music is awesome, the art style is cool, and there is lots of stuff to unlock."
,Recommended,248820,13350749,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Capt_Blakhelm,"A pretty neat action platformer with 4 Skill combat like much DOTA clones.  Risk of Rain is a game I respect, but like most Roguelikes, I don't like due to it's difficulty and ""Jerk-like"" nature when it comes to level generation, randomized items, and enemy spawns. The game even mocks you when you die.A must play for any Rogue-like fan. Look for other views for a more in-depth analysis. I'll never beat a second boss in this game so I don't care to play it much longer."
,Recommended,248820,13351206,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,D4Dementia,"By far one of the most enjoyable arcade/platformer/shooter games i have ever played. I thoroughly enjoy replaying and often play with friends.If you don't have it, just get it."
76561197971465575,Not Recommended,248820,13351780,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Pardon Snowden,"It's buggy enough that it should still be considered early access, especially with no save system."
,Recommended,248820,13463554,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Pistachio Shell,"absurdly fun gameplay, super intense, tons of characters, awesome sound design, great aesthetic, and replayability for days9 out of 10"
,Recommended,248820,13464244,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,The Pixelnaut,"está de lujo! está pesado para jugarlo de 1 jugador, pero cuando te juntas con uno o más amigos, se pone excelente! uno que otro glitch, pero los puedo pasar por alto sin broncas. Muy bueno!"
,Recommended,248820,13452144,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Xindaris,"I'm going to refrain from using the word ""roguelike"" for the rest of this review, because when people use that word they often really mean ""procedurally generated game"".The ideal PGG is not about killing the player repeatedly (which, by the way, is not fun and never will be), but rather about providing an unlimited array of experience, an infinite variety of challenges that a sufficiently skilled and clever player can consistently surmount or excel in, and enjoy doing so. Risk of Rain is absolutely the closest thing I've ever seen to that ideal."
,Recommended,248820,13453477,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,hevipanda,"I went to 120 minutes, with commando, glass,command and enigma artifacts, i decided to get 100 Bundle of fireworks... game crashed at 80 stacks but it was worth it"
,Recommended,248820,13287394,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,LordOfGears2,"EDIT: Okay, *finally* it got updated. So I'll recomend it now, but hopefully the devs have realized that that was a no-noA good game, but the online multi-platform multiplayer doesn't work. It worked fine, but then 1.2.4 came out on Windows has it's been 2 weeks with no wrod from the dev when the other platforms that are 'supported' will get the update. So no, no recomendation from me."
,Recommended,248820,13456752,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Smiley O'Reilly,"The Hit Pre-Quel to Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs, this game seamlessly incorperates Alladin, Ratatouille,  and Bill Cosby to put proper context into Hiccup's adventure with weather.10/10 It usually doesn't rain, but when it rains, it pours."
,Recommended,248820,13630243,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,熱狗小子,rip in peace
,Recommended,248820,8900422,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,The Log Fennec,Get it if you like action games with roguelike elements.
76561198068868527,Recommended,248820,8901862,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Mazixl,Awesome game recomend to anyone :) 10/10
,Recommended,248820,8904163,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Hazz 117,"One of the most beautiful Pixel Art games I've ever played. There is a depth to the gameplay that the ""100's of Items"" gimmick suggests but doesn't totally reveal; Items are all unique, interesting, benificial and stackable. Every character is distressingly different; like one character and it'll make changing to another difficult but extremely rewarding.Time is of the essence, but characters move so damn slow, so choosing to spend time on a level can ultimately end up being your downfall, especially if you decide to go back for an item. Also, multiplayer is a nightmare. In this day and age, seemless matchmaking should be a standard, but here you have to go back to the bad old days of servers, port forwarding and so on.Other than that, a great game! 9/10 would Risk Rain Again."
,Recommended,248820,8905030,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,gtsaf0,not amature enough
,Recommended,248820,9014550,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Asreil Memeurr,"I've seen a YouTuber play the beta for Risk of Rain and it looked interesting, then I finally purchased the full game on Steam. Afterwards I enjoyed countless hours of putting lead into all who oppose me.I'm a sucker for class-styled warfare, so I of course had an attachment to the game the very first time I played it, the only negative things I can say is that the fighting and bosses are consistent, you always will have to use the same strategy every time; however I do not know how they can improve or fix this, as this is a problem for most bosses on games of its type. I started playing and I thought the music was pretty good at first, seemed like a casual everyday 8-bit style soundtrack, until I got to the final level, where apparently my emotional side kicked in, along with my adrenaline, it was very confusing. If you're interested in 2-D, 8-bit soundtracks, class warfare and diverse enemies you never thought even devs could imagine, buy this game.An aspect I have yet to decide is cool or lame yet is the unlocking of classes. Yes, that's right, in order to actually GET the classes, you have to unlock them. However it is interesting, and puts a spin on this survival game. It can get a bit boring somewhat far in, but that can be stopped by going to the next level. With each level you advance to, a whole new slew of enemies comes along with it, and with that comes new strategies to killing them. Some enemies require no strategy, as they are either too fast or attack so accurately that you cannot possibly counter it, or are so easily defeated you need not waste time on making a plan to killing them. I must say the final difficulty level is frightening, but as of the current version and date (2/7/14) it doesn't come with any massive boss mob that wants to tear out your flesh, disappointingly.In conclusion I will give Risk of Rain an 8/10, seeing as I have invested so much time dedicated to defeating the final boss, but I have also been repeating myself for at least half an hour on just the final fight. All in all, its a good game."
,Recommended,248820,9025747,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,THE GOLF PIRATE,HELLA GOOD VIDYA GAEM
76561198003420249,Recommended,248820,9027299,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Handy,"Very good roguelike that answers the question ""If Binding of Issac was a platformer, what would it look like?"" Like Issac, this game takes ten or so playthroughs before you start to properly understand what you're doing, how it works, what progresison looks like etc. Which is not to say that it isn't fun until then -- it just won't be at the pure addiction level right off the bat.Additionally, while Binding of Issac comes with a lot of unlockable characters, all but one are essentially tweaks on a basic concept. I've only played the first two characters so far, but it that's any indication, in Risk of Rain, the difference in play style between the characters is enormous. I played the Enforcer once and went ""Wow, this is terrible."" I gave it another try understanding that it would be a departure and now I only want to play with Enforcer. Can't wait to see what else there is!The only small complaint I have is that the controller integration could be done a bit better, as you do need to click the mouse to start the game (I think). At the very least, it's not intuitive."
,Recommended,248820,9029681,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,whypick1,"Gameplay = great. Everything else = ...not so much.The bad: Crashes (often get fatal exceptions or process not terminating when quitting) and bugs (no audio; had to un/reinstall *every* C++ runtime once, now it's down to appearing ~every other boot), balance issues (Huntress is *RIDICULOUSLY* overpowered), interface (gamepad far and away best way to play this game...except you can't use it in any of the menus period), IP-based multiplayer (what is this, 1997?), consistency/clarity (mainly in regards to achievements).The good: ""Just one more time"" gameplay. Difficulty curve that seems steep at first, but with practice becomes very reasonable and manageable. Huge variety of items that offer great synergy with each other (great combo: ""always critical strike enemies at low health"" + ""heal on critical strikes"" + ""increased attack speed on critical strikes""). Wide variety of classes to suit individual playstyles (outside of Huntress being seriously OP). Really manages the ""carrot and the stick"" style of roguelike unlocking, outside of a few that are basically impossible without co-op (where we come back to the ""IP-based, seriously?"" thing).Hell of a game for a 3-person effort."
,Recommended,248820,11536190,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Fliss The Fluffy,"Risk of Rain is a game that takes the Roguelike genre seriously. I have not yet managed to complete a whole run of the game, but I can safely say already that it is definitely worth playing.Your goal is simple. In each level, find the teleporter while killing (or sometimes running from) everything that moves. While you move through each level, you will find enemies randomly spawning in front of and behind you and you have a choice. Kill them or run. Normally you would choose the former, but time is precious in this game.The more time you take, the harder the game gets. So while you may feel compelled to look through each level to get as many items as you possibly can, you may have to fight your instincts if you want to stay alive. This game is a bit like Spelunky in that regard. You do not have a strict time limit, but taking your time will make it a lot harder to win.The game features several characters with their own unique skills that you can use to get as far as possible, but in order to unlock any of them, you have to fulfil certain requirements, so it can be a bit tricky to beign with. But with perseverance, you will find that there are plenty of ways to make your characters a lot tougher than they look.After all, there are plenty of items you can find along your way, either locked in chests, dropped by bosses or obtained from various shrines (if you're lucky). These items provide a huge variety of different effects that can turn your character into a killing machine. However, you need gold to get them, so be prepared to earn your bonuses.All in all, it's a fantastic game. It can be extremely hard at times, but the satisfaction of being in command of a godly berserker which can tear down groups of large enemies in seconds is worth the effort."
,Recommended,248820,10352688,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Jolly Roger,This game is the only indie game I've really gotten into.
76561198040457997,Recommended,248820,11540767,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Keemossi,"Awesome game.Uh, details. So, it's sort of platformer action roguelike. Your goal on every level is to reach the teleporter, activate it, survive for a while and kill the remaining enemies on the level. Every enemy you kill gives you experience, which increases your character's damage, durability, speed, and so on (a bit depending on what class you play). You also get currency you can use to open chests, buy items, or gamble items. Anyway, currency = usually items in one form or another.The thing is, the enemies get constantly stronger. The longer you take to finish a level, the stronger the enemies will be on the current level, and every following level. You need to find a good pace where your character is strong enough to progress, but not take too long and end up weak compared to the enemies.The game doesn't take too long to finish, I think 20 minutes is doable ( in real time, in game time I think the record is somewhere like 12 minutes - there are items that stop time and such). The first playthrough can take a good while though, since the game isn't exactly easy. You'll likely unlock at least a few classes on the way.Every class plays differently, like.. a lot differently. Although after a time the levels will start to repeat themselves, the classes and randomization of items will extend the gameplay value way beyond the initial playthrough.Don't know what more to say... awesome game, buy it, love it :p"
76561198070541530,Recommended,248820,11576144,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Cherry Tomato,It was fun.
,Recommended,248820,11577985,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,OmniRemix,"This is an amazingly designed game. If you like roguelikes and/or pixel shooters, stop reading and buy this game.Risk of Rain is so, so well designed. The game feels organic, being completely foreign and impossibly difficult when you start playing, but becoming more familiar and easier as the game goes on; but not by virtue of leveling up or any kind of avatar strength. Instead, the player becomes more familiar with the level layouts, the monsters, the items, the bosses, and the characters themselves as they play, gaining a sense of skill along the way.This is the way roguelikes should feel. Hostile, mysterious, and dangerous. But as you die and die and die, you learn and grow as a player, carving a much easier path for yourself through the game.Not to mention that the art and music here are both top-notch and unique. If you're a fan of the pixel aesthetic, you'll love the look of the strange alien world.It's a no-brainer. Highly recommended. You gotta play this."
,Recommended,248820,11611268,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Nibba,LOVE IT 100% xD saw it on youtube so i looked it up when i found it i got it an i new i would love it xD
76561198074147094,Recommended,248820,11615108,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,cave-sage,"its realy cool game, very good co-op , lot of items and huge strong bosses."
76561198117250998,Recommended,248820,11615406,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,TheSquareBanana,eet ees soo fuuuuuun
,Recommended,248820,11645373,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,AnimAspect,"I have yet to beat it, but can't' stop playing more. Harsh and unforgiving with no small part of your success being governed by RNG item drops does nothing to curb the tight controls and satisfying gameplay. I can only imagine multiplayer being just as intense and fun."
,Recommended,248820,11646432,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Quadeyes,"For the price, this game delivers a LOT of fun.so cheap."
,Recommended,248820,11647050,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,landon1491,Buy it
76561198099822847,Recommended,248820,11648115,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,[ECSG] Fade,"This game is very hard, and I have only beaten it once. However, it has very fun gameplay and the soundtrack is amazing! I love this game!"
,Recommended,248820,11648130,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Darples,"This game... is amazing.First off, this game is 100 megabites, yet you can get alot of playtime out of it. You got 10 Classes to unlock, over 100 items to get, and 9 artifacts that can modify your play experience. Without artifacts, you have the vanilla Risk of Rain: Kill stuff, get money to get random items, find a teleporter and murder a boss. And yes, this game is hard at first. Theres the challenge for you, but after you start unlocking things the game gets more fun and interesting. The replayability is off the charts for this game! Ive unlocked 8 artifacts and all 10 classes, still havent found a favorite. There are 6 ranged classes and 4 melee classes, with each class having a 4 ability kit with the 1st ability being their ""Basic attack"" and their 4th being their ""Ultimate"" (You can get an ancient scepter which upgrades it, just like in dota 2, its awesome lol) You level up but that just increases your health and damage. You start off as the commando class which is not the strongest but is well rounded. Heres a brief run down of the classes in order:1: Commando(Ranged)Shoots and rolls and shoots and pierces and rolls and dies. Can last very long if played right.2: Enforcer(Close Ranged)Uses a shotgun and can block damage while stunning groups of enemies. Tank.3: Bandit(Ranged)Uses a rifle, can  stealth and can reset cooldowns with his ult if it kills the enemy, not very mobile though.4: Huntress(Ranged)VERY good at kiting. Her mechanics let her shoot things with her bow while moving the opposite way.5: HAN-D(Melee)CC FOR DAYS! Hes a robot that punches and hammer-slams. I built him tanky with attack speed and rekt!6: Engineer(Close Range)Shoots useless grenades. Just place his turrets then fire his harpoons and watch everything die :)7: Miner-(Melee)He's short and stout, and definitely not a teacup! Dual wields pickaxes and can launch himself into the air.8: Sniper-(Ranged)Uses a rifle, can 1 hit bosses, however, like gears of war, you have to reload and try to get it perfectly.9: Acrid-(Melee)Swipes and chomps, which in turn stacks poison. He does ALOT of damage over time!10: Mercenary-(Melee)Uses a laser sword and is kinda like Megaman Z, he can dash around and use an omnislash (dota 2 ref)There are 9 wonderful stages in this game that you go to randomly and spawn in random parts of. Each stage except for the final one has a 2nd variant. You will want to play in both variants of the stages if you want to unlock artifacts and classes. The one downside I had with this game was I started to get bored after consecutive fails at trying to unlock things. I wanted the command artifact, which rather than getting random items you get a box with items of that rarity that you can pick, which lets you build items rather than take what you're given. I had issues constantly getting the wrong map variant, but I eventually got it and all was good.This game actually has an interesting plot. Nothing to spoil, just material. The final boss of Risk of Rain is a mysterious figure named Providence. He teleports on to the players transport ship and explodes it which sends the player and various chests flying to the planet below. The player then must survive and defeat enemies in order to use the teleporters that he finds to somehow get back on to the ship. Once the player gets back on the ship, presumably leveled up and geared, the player must make its way to the bridge and leave the planet, however Providence shows up again and attacks you. The player then has a long battle with Providence and his 2 pet wurms and defeats him, and then leaves the planet. Each class has a different ending which is nice. What makes this game interesting is the monster logs. You need to get 15 of them to unlock the huntress, but Providence's log brings more into the story. The player seems to regret killing Providence, feeling like some mistake was made, wondering why the teleporter was on the ship in the first place. This could make way for more story in this game later! Like Providence was somehow protecting everyone from something and the player set in motion something bad. I don't know but its well done!And to wrap this up, this game is well worth $10. But here is what ASTONISHED me. I've been practicing using this scripting software known as game maker, i've been using the older version called Game Maker 8, after a while of playing this game I started to think, hey maybe this game was made with game maker? And out of pure curiousity I look at Hopoo's blog.THIS GAME WAS MADE BY 3 GUYS IN COLLEGE WITH GAME MAKER 8 LOL!   I was so amazed, I've made a few games in game maker 8, but this game tops it all, and only 100 megabites for the hours you get out of this. And anything can run this game so its really, just amazing to me. Thanks for caring to read this review, DEFINITELY GET THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,248820,10938564,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,[Zeu5]Uzi790,"This game is great. I highly recommend it.The game is highly replayable. 10 very unique classes each have their own playstyles, and getting good at everyone will take a while. however, some classes are more/less useful than the others.  For instance. The huntress is currently ""the best"" class because she is the only one who can attack and move simultaneously. and the sniper, who's good on paper, but struggles compared to everyone else.the graphics are decent, but nothing to shout about.The random aspect of the game keeps everything interesting and stops it getting repetitive. The game isn't truly random, but it's random enough to stop it becoming a guessing game, while still keeping everything fresh. The large amount of items, each of which unique, are also randomly obtained, so it makes each item memorable. Like one making all your attacks explode, and one making time stop for a couple of seconds when you're close to dying. The artifact system they also added adds more to the game, making it easier, harder, or less random. It's mostly for hardcore players who've played a ton of the game.Plot:VERY little plot. Of what there is, it's ""you are stuck on this planet, Survive and get out"". And then there's the idea of you actually being the bad guy. No more because spoilers. Lore can be obtained through monster logs which randomly drop from enemies rarely. and through the ""item logs"". that you get when picking up new items.Soundtrack: Very good, the soundtrack is actually within the steam folder so if you buy it you can listen to it!Multiplayer: I've hardly played multiplayer, but from what i've heard, it works, but doesn't work well. With some supposedly bad netcode and lots of bugs. But don't let that deter you. The game is a ton of fun with friendsComplaints: The final teleporter has two options. Go to first level, or go to final level. hard to explain, but the way you choose this really bugs me. Just a minor thing. Some people report very bad performance in this game, despite having great rigs. some characters less useful. Some achievements are ridiculous, like reaching the 3rd teleporter without taking damage.Conclusion: This game is great. there's a demo out there you can try if you want. If you have lots of friends to play with, it is more fun. It's worth the price, even more so on a sale."
,Recommended,248820,11524870,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,"McDonell ""Kazuhira"" Miller","Totally recommended. It might seem overwhelmingly hard at first, but as you progress and get used to it you'll start to unlock new characters and items that make it cooler to play 'n' stuff. But when there's buttloads of stuff on the screen it gets laggy and that's kind of annoying. Other than that, everything is fine."
76561198073731782,Recommended,248820,11566114,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,the silly Filia character,awesome game! Must buy :D
,Recommended,248820,11509218,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,cyanisaac,"Day. Um. This game is really good.The game is excessively challenging. It will kill you on the first level - often, and if not that, the second. It gets harder the longer you spend in a level, but to go through a level without buying much is suicide. Then you see ""I WILL FIND YOU"" as the difficulty and know that you dun goofed.This game's one suckitude is that you can't unlock certain things in co-op, giving an incentive to play alone. And this sucks. Yes, Singleplayer is more difficult, that's why some unlocks are there. But... It's not as fun... My friend really wants to do more co-op and I tell him ""no"" because I want an upgrade... Which the game makes too difficult to get to.All in all though, this is a good title. But I do wish the developers would allow all unlocks to be in co-op."
,Recommended,248820,8161838,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,julicooly,"This game takes similar mechanics from games like The Binding of Isaac and turns it into a 2d platformer, so that's pretty cool.There is a problem I have recently started experiencing with this game.Whenever I choose a character, and start the game, nothing will happen, and I can't do anything, so I have to alt+tab out of the game and close it.This seems to be a special case, so don't let my experience change your opinion of the game too much, as it's still averyfun platform shooter."
76561198010239572,Recommended,248820,11106948,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Astilius,"Absolutely incredible game.   At first look everything is so small that its complexity is lost on you.   Then you realize, quickly, that this is a hard game.   Very hard.   Only a while later you realize that there's complexity and hidden secrets to be found.All this and a hauntingly lovely soundtrack.   It's like the Soderbergh version of Solaris in game form.   Just so right.I've clocked up 14 hours on this and it's fresher now than when I started.Recommended?   Yes, very much so."
,Recommended,248820,11109268,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,CyberBinary,"Risk of Rain is a roguelike platformer that increases in difficulty over time.  The game works very well in multiplayer.  This game has good controls, fun gameplay, and interesting mechanics.  I highly suggest that you purchase this game. (If you wait for a sale, you can get it for less than $5.)"
,Recommended,248820,11110666,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Брэндон Глазебрук,"I have to admit, it is an amazing game after the newest patch. Pick your own item? AWESOME"
,Recommended,248820,11110947,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,keithsboredom,"the game insults you when you inevitably fail to kill the increasingly-difficult-never-explained enemies.Let me try again, I'll get to level 3 this time....10/10"
,Recommended,248820,11113053,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Taco Dude,10/10Would die everytime
,Recommended,248820,10625238,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,CheckersMcGavern,This is a fantastic and unique game. It's really good for introducing people to the Rogue-Like genre.
,Recommended,248820,10626003,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Resident_Kouhai,"Amazing game that you can lose hours to while playing. The artifacts that they added not to long ago changed the game to be more customizable, and did i mention that you're on a plant where everything wants to kill you?"
,Not Recommended,248820,10626500,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Grub,"I got this game because I thought that it would be a fun game, how it was very close to old-arcady shoot-em-ups and such. I sat down after being denied victory in HL1 and gave it a go. My first game lasted 3 minutes and was completly pointless. I then realized it's a game where you have to play over and over again to learn it and get better at, like Cave Story. Second try, did better, but got eaten alive with little to no progress. 3rd try ended the same, only I found a teleporter and then my♥♥♥♥♥♥was ♥♥♥♥ed into oblivion as hordes of enemies procedded to tear my organs from my body as a massive golem glitched out over to the right.This game is not challenging, nor is it ""fun"" in the sense of getting further because you ultimatly know your death is quick. Unlike FTL where it's based on luck, this game gives you the option of dodging hits which ultimatly prolong your death because in this game you will never win unless you play it over and over and get more fustrated. In FTL, your death actually helps you. It allows you to know what to do in a situation and react to it when you get there. In this game, your death is unexplained and most likely not really your fault as enemies like to spawn in your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.3/10 would try but quit again."
76561197990860043,Recommended,248820,10626553,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Roxxerath,"Fun game, better with a controller though."
76561198079429891,Recommended,248820,10627394,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,SmallTalkSock,i pooped fire 12/10
,Recommended,248820,10629214,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Jesuz is my niggha!,One of the best Rogue-like games i have ever played!
,Recommended,248820,8414331,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Wook,"This game is quirky and so far, quite a bit of fun. I look forward to playing the game in small bites at a time. I feel that $5-$10 is a fair price for this game. There are a few issues I encountered, but nothing that was horrible. Its fun. Think Spielunkey, but with guns!"
,Recommended,248820,8414415,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Pikester,Great Game.  One of the few games that I feel that I have made me a better gamer.
76561198050315162,Recommended,248820,8414461,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Montoo,Super fun
,Recommended,248820,8415412,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Gibbeth,Very difficult but fun once you learn each class.
,Recommended,248820,8416061,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Contrast,Best game soundtrack of 2013.
,Recommended,248820,8416257,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Deederdoo,Gods Gift to All who Stand!
,Recommended,248820,8416539,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,stayingsong16,"This is an awesome roguelike that truly delivers a unique playthrough with each new game.  It's also tons of fun to co-op!  Not the easiest game out there, but you get used to it and I really enjoy the epic, at times eerie sci-fi level designs and music which really do a good job of drawing you into the game.  The item/monster descriptions are awesome too!  Tremendous thumbs up for this game, and I hope the developers keep adding new content!"
,Recommended,248820,8416628,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Blanc Faced,"Difficult, but amazing. Highly addictive. If you had to try only one rogue-like, this is it.The sci-fi theme is great, the music enrapturing."
76561198066111737,Recommended,248820,8416720,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,OMG a Slinky,Really fun combat/rpg type game
,Recommended,248820,8416967,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,hunter,"It's like a hailstorm of pixelated ""♥♥♥♥ you!""s if you play long enough."
,Recommended,248820,8417318,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,lapna,This game is awesome.
,Recommended,248820,8417354,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,TetrisRick,"Painfully addictive. The game play varies depending on your class, but always start out with Commando unlocked, which is a decent class, but you'll be playing as him for awhile, so I hope you like ranged fighting. Not a perfect game, definitely has it's flaws in some respects, but you'll get your money's worth if you enjoy a good action game with some neat upgrades (and trust me, there's a lot of upgrades). Solid 8/10, and we're using appropriate ratings here. This ain't no IGN review."
,Recommended,248820,8417631,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,TornadoTexan,In the first 27 seconds of my first game of Risk of Rain I promptly found some baddies and died. From that point on I just wanted to play more and more.
,Recommended,248820,8572862,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,★Cinnamon★,Best game
,Recommended,248820,8573349,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,DukeYorick,This game is a hectic load of fun.Though it should be mentioned that this game has a tiny bit of a learning curve.
76561198026337925,Recommended,248820,8575900,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,trez,"Awesome game greatest time waster game since Binding of Isaac.  Great to jump in and play a quick game.  Has partial controller support.  Really the only thing that doesn't work is the beginning menus.  I would suggest one, and rebinding the controls."
76561197980369393,Recommended,248820,7799580,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,.'eZink*,Really good game! a must for coop game lover!
,Recommended,248820,7799613,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Terru,Fantastic.
,Recommended,248820,7805596,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Benitora,"Risk of Rain is a good game with a lot of replayability.It gives you a good challenge by fighting the difficulty timer, the bosses that spawns, and just general level design.It will be frustrating when you do not get the best items, but every single item in the game have some worth, even the most common ones if used correctly.I highly recommend this game, not because it's hard, but because it's just plain fun.Killing hundreds upon hundreds of enemies at once feels great, and the platforming feels just right.Only bad thing about it, is the unlockable characters.It will take some time to unlock some of them, which leaves you with one character to play with for a while.It's a minor complaint though, and it doesn't really get much in the way of the fun, as the starter character is pretty fun to play.Co-operative or no, this game is just fun, and I hope you consider buying it, despite not having any friends who wants it.Good luck, and I hope you will have as much of a blast as I did in this game."
76561198020881349,Recommended,248820,7805720,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Bearlyfunny,Really fakin' good!
,Recommended,248820,7611417,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,OldSnakey,"I'm really liking this, and it *is* hard."
,Recommended,248820,7807409,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Nerve,"Fine-tuned side-scrolling combat and platforming. Amazing passive items that expand your power exponentially. Incredibly difficult and numerous enemies. Tons of classes and items to unlock, that grant new abilities and highly differentiated playstyles. A mysterious and enigmatic world that's little-explained, and best explored. And a soundtrack by Chris Christodoulou that complements the enigma, the exploration, and the tension perfectly, and absolutely blows me away every time. One of the best games of 2013."
76561197998945617,Recommended,248820,7807667,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,nocn8,Amusing! Fun coop too.
76561198054032840,Recommended,248820,7808876,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,MatthiasVonWells,BUY IT!!!!!!!!!
76561198044336050,Recommended,248820,7809015,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Scale,my favorite rogue like i always want to play it
,Recommended,248820,7809177,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Muchakachaka,"Spent 2 hours straight without dying yesterday, most fun i've had in a while, and hands down the best 10 dollars i've spent all year."
,Recommended,248820,7751865,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Garog,This is a superb game.
,Recommended,248820,7756171,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,honidian,"Enjoyable, very challenging. Not for the faint of heart."
76561198024439168,Recommended,248820,7647009,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Prod,Buy it pls ...
76561197998130895,Recommended,248820,7756941,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,TheChobin,"This game is loads of fun. It is high on replay value, even after you have unlocked everything. A few of the unlockables seem a little unreasonable, but they are worth unlocking and if you are really having a hard time, you can get them with a little co op help. One of my favorites for a while."
76561197964889006,Recommended,248820,7756982,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Saikron,This is my favorite of recent roguelikes that I have played. There is something very zen about collecting enough weapons to cover your screen and then using them to spill gallons of alien blood.
,Recommended,248820,7661495,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Sicero,"Hello everybody! Here is small review, hope you enjoy this game.Risk of Rain (RoR) is arcade platformer with of RPG elements.The main idea of this survival game, it start being more difficult over time. Longer you playing, more monsters gonna spawn, more elite monsters, more bosses. RoR is full of different items, passive and useable. Wile playing you unlocking new items and character classes, there is 10 different classes in RoR with theyr own uniqe skills. As in single player, you can play buddys in local or online co-op mode. This game is pure hardcore, it's pretty fun to play in co-op mode with friends, that completely change gaming experience coz it start being even more difficult! So if you like indie/survival games you gonna like this one! :)"
,Recommended,248820,7757573,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Dakaliin,This game is just plain fun. Fairly challenging but youll have a lot of fun playing with friends.
,Recommended,248820,7757578,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,VW Baja Beetle '63,AWESOME!
76561197962340496,Recommended,248820,7757568,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,xXGAMERMOMZXx Barbara,"First, you should know that the game doesn't have steam works.  So, if you want to play online, you're going to need the Host's IP, and make sure their router is set up to allow access.  Was a bit difficult to connect to a friends computer to do so.  In addition, the game's levels aren't entirely random - a lot of basic structures are re-used.  You'll see a section with the same order of platforms and vines over and over and over.Even so, the game is rewarding and challenging, and very fun to explore.  Like an RPG-RogueLike-Contra, but with wonderful, toy-like pixel art graphics.   The soundtrack is spot on and fits perfectly.A huge part of the fun is playing through and discovering one of the hundred or so randomly-dropped items and seeing what they do.  Most items stack, and you can have a lot of them all at once.  At times it felt like I was cheating due to how many powerups I had, but it didn't matter because I felt so empowered.By the end of the game, you'll feel 5cm. tall GOD.   I highly recommend purchasing the game."
,Recommended,248820,7757687,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Son of a Shepherd,This Game is great if your looking for a great game and for this price point you cant turn it down. Also the sound trak is crazy good. Buy Buy Buy
76561198053960818,Recommended,248820,8658152,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,BrownieBeard,Amazing game!
76561198035747417,Recommended,248820,8658747,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Slammurai,Is good
,Recommended,248820,8660792,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,namnatulco,"Despite the ""permadeath"" mechanics this game advertizes, this game isn't frustrating at all. Perhaps most importantly this game doesn't use the typical platformer mechanic of ""touch enemy = damage"", which makes the gameplay much more varied. It's a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,248820,8661729,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,"Earth, the Green Knight","I can honestly say I love this game to itty tiny bits. It's got a good idea going- essentially a Two Dimensional Time Attack Binding of Issac, with multiple classes with entirely different movesets that synergize differently with the items you'll find along the way. It can get infuriatingly hard if you're not careful to either bulk up fast or move fast enough to beat the really difficult enemies, and some characters seem more focused on multiplayer capabilities than single-player fun, but there's very little wrong with this game.However, some of these wrong, or perhaps divisive is a better term for these, things can be a turn off. Very little is explained to you- some item descriptions are completely unhelpful in determining what the item actually does for you. Unlocking descriptions are on the whole very good at telling you what you need to do to unlock the next shiny object for helping your character survive the onslaught of the planets inhabitants, but some are incredibly vague. Character unlocking descriptions are the worst offenders here, perhaps to add to the challenge of finding that new class to play as.You also are given little instruction on some of the mechanics. Damage is slightly confusing to first consider, the system runs on the idea that you have a base damage value that can be considered the starting point for determining all of your attacks damage. Depending on the % value your skills have for that damage, you either are hitting harder or weaker than your actual basic damage. Skills don't have individual damage values, which would tell you if you do 10 damage or something similar, and so figuring out if you're going to be relying on something heavily for damage or not is a bit of guesswork and reading the damage numbers whenever you hit an enemy. The % system gives you a sense of what's going to hit some baddy the hardest, but gives next to no indication of how many hits an enemy will take.The last thing I consider to be a major flaw is the design with the wall tiles and drones in the game. In essence, drones are little companions that can help you survive by healing you or hurting your enemies, and they ussually do this quite well. The walling system in the game, however, makes things only have solid sides, say the floor you're standing on or the cieling above you, and completely passable center areas. This means that drones will often fly into the center of the platform you're standing on to try and shoot an enemy that's on a plane below you, and then innefectually shoot at a wall when you'd rather them try to actually shoot an enemy. This problem also extends to item drops, as some items and monster logs end up stuck in the wall with no possible way to retrieve them.Even so, considering the majority of the game was developed by a two man team, this game is stunning and wonderfully entertaining. Finding ways around the problems mentioned above aren't too strenuous, as the item list gives exacting instructions as to what each item does, adduming you've both unlocked it and found it in the game. The damage system may be confusing at first, but it quickly becomes intuitive within a few runs at the game. The real problems mentioned above are annoying when they happen, but only the drones flying into wall spaces actually happens often, as in several hours of play I've only had one or two things become stucking in walls, and they were usually just monster logs. I heartily reccomend this game to anyone who enjoys games similar to The Binding of Issac, and also those who enjoy a good sci-fi game.(P.S: I'm a fan of controllers for games like these. While I haven't played the game at all with the default Keyboard settings because of my rabid love of controllers, I assure you they are just as good and it's just a matter of personal preference.)"
,Recommended,248820,8661816,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Lannius,"Action platformer!  Multiplayer!A little rough around the edges when it comes to infrastructure (networking, etc) but overall a very fun play experience.Difficult and fun."
,Recommended,248820,8630711,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,scubatoaster,bring an umbrella
,Recommended,248820,7980213,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Sneaky Banana Man lvl 80,"Why is this game so good?Oh wait, I know. The addictive yet simple gameplay, a bunch of stuff to unlock through challenges, both characters and items, with a butt clenching difficulty. Did I mention the baller soundtrack? Well, it's got a baller soundtrack made by a Mr. Chris Christodoulo, shout outs to him for making such a great ost.10/10 it was okay-ign"
,Recommended,248820,7980631,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Roflmuffin,A great roguelike platformer with lots of RPG elements and replayability. Still haven't unlocked half the classes but I find myself coming back to play a quick round every day.
76561198072067708,Recommended,248820,7980823,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Donald A. Tello,"It's a crazy fun game that I'm still getting acquainted to. In my opinion, it captures the same random build style that  the Binding of Isaac is famous for, with a diverse cast of playable characters (most of which I haven't earned yet). Now I just need some of my friends to get it so we can tackle multiplayer. Give it a go for sure."
76561198011884825,Recommended,248820,7982148,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Zeind,"The easy way to describe this game would be to say it is the retro-platformer equivalent of Binding of Isaac. It is challenging, but manages to keep you wanting to play more and get just a little further than your last run.The timer on the right hand side of the screen gives an accurate description of you difficulty level. I managed to survive until the segement of the timer labeled ""Insane"" and was mobbed by swarms of spawning enemies, but that is what I get for ignoring the game's excellent Co-Op mode and trying to face the challenges of level 3 alone.I highly recommend to anyone who loves a challenge. Will you pass this excellent indie game by or will you take the Risk?"
76561198058409834,Recommended,248820,7860554,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,EagleNBladeOPs,"Great game simple, but fun"
,Recommended,248820,7861761,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Nart,"great game if u played games like terraria and binding of Isaac, or if you ara a hardcore player))"
,Recommended,248820,7864511,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Grabnok,"Butt loads of gut wrenching, terrifying, and ""WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THAT THING and why am I dead?"" fun. Better with a friend, just make sure you share.JOLLY COOPERATION.Hamachi is reccommended for coop play. Don't know how to work regular hosting."
76561198024718662,Recommended,248820,7865413,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,⎛⎝teshaman⎠⎞,i realy like if but i want to play multie
76561198034661136,Recommended,248820,7865661,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,=SCG= Rayzor,"Very fun, a good game to lose countless hours."
76561198002256181,Recommended,248820,7716050,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,S.K,Game still has a lot of bugs and when installed the first time sounds might not come up etc. Multiplayer relies on that you know the server IP and there's no any kind of server browser. It's fun game to play with friends but not worth of 9 euros in this state.
76561197990098780,Recommended,248820,7867722,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,TEK_Nulock,This game is better then Call of Doodie Ghost 1 2 and 3 and battlesenseless4 combined........ wish I had just bought this instead.  A must get!
76561198032865919,Recommended,248820,7868015,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Maruzana,"Must try, if you are looking for challanging game..."
76561198036406001,Recommended,248820,7706476,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,Guy Lapointe,Game is a quality roguelike RPG. Lots of classes to try and unlock with lots of really cool abilities. With local and online coop it covers all grounds. I find a play can be between 10 - 90 minutes long depending on how you do.Highly recommended for any fans of RPGs or roguelikes.
,Recommended,248820,7869206,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,TheAKL,"Wonderful game, it got such an amazing Soundtrack,gameplay and 8-bit graphics.Its ery Very challenging all you have to do is practise,By time you will get better. It got ome bugs but it will be fixed in future"
,Recommended,248820,7871304,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,mount,This game is the bees kneesyou should get it10/10
,Recommended,248820,7871542,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Hailex,"Awesome game, endless hours of fun!"
,Recommended,248820,7871695,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Happy Humble Hermit,"One of the few multiplayer roguelikes, awesome game."
76561198045935876,Recommended,248820,7872106,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Gulcras,so much fun and so addicting and i havn't even tried the multiplayer yet
,Recommended,248820,7872520,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,HuMwHa?,Worth the cash.
76561198050312873,Recommended,248820,7872542,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,DivineSparta,Excellent game. I'd recommend it to fans of other such rogue-like/dungeon crawling games i.e. Binding of Issac and Rogue Legacy.
,Recommended,248820,7737628,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,scubasteve,Dope ♥♥♥♥ing sweet game
,Recommended,248820,8798190,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Jamejarrs,Very difficult and incredibly fun. The powerups help keep gameplay fresh and no two runs will be the same. Main disappointment is how impossible multiplayer is to set up.
76561198084294210,Recommended,248820,8800324,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,MADM3TAL,Magnificent game that has a high replay value and a challenging difficulty.
76561198041372513,Recommended,248820,8800623,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Pinecone,Just get it
,Recommended,248820,8789984,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Jazzy Tarantula,"this game is easily my favoite game, yes it is vary hard but it is amazingly fun its easy to learn and takes out a chunk of your weekend without you noticing, i highly recomend this game. iv been playing it sense theyre kickstarter began and iv still only beaten the game about five or six times, it takes a lot of practice."
76561198066306038,Recommended,248820,8777404,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Magenta Cow,"Very fun, but it is very challenging. Hope to see updates and fixes to some small bugs."
,Recommended,248820,8778960,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Nie,I can't stop playing... No I mean I litterally can't stop playing. Someone send me help please! ;-;I'm not sure if I play the game or the game plays me at this point. D:Dis good.
,Recommended,248820,8784464,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,heavyPixel,"Excellent everything. Really difficult. Cool balance between accruing power as the world gets more difficult around you, making you focus on efficiency and trade-offs. And solid co-op to boot.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,248820,8785094,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Trinary0,"An amazing game with hilarious co-op potential. It's good and lethal in single player but it really shines in mutliplay. Get a 4 pack and share it with your buddies and go see how long you life.Hint: Not long, but it'll be hilarious the whole time."
,Recommended,248820,8785199,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Boo,Is rly risk
76561198070209102,Recommended,248820,8722790,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,BOT John,"this game is worth the price, either on sale or not on sale, it gets harder every minute which is challenging and fun sometimes the action gets really hectic but once you get use to it its a very fun game."
76561198025316414,Recommended,248820,8722793,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,dr_roxxo1,"Very fun, incredibly addicting. It can get a little repetitive. But each character feels different enough so it won't get stale. It also has framerate issues when large amounts of enemies are on screen. Other than that it's amazing. Buy it."
,Recommended,248820,8723791,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Δ-1360,"Excellent Plataformer with roguelike elements, high replayability value, and hard as ♥♥♥♥."
76561198046914894,Recommended,248820,8723863,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Bradley,"I must say that the first time i seen this game i thought it look weird and annoying , the screen was so freakin small in the video , but when i bought it, it was actually really fun and you get used to the screen, for a 8bit game its has alot of  depth , many unique characters, diverse in skills and play style. no person is the same .many cool levels that randomly generate, very strong enemies that are pretty tuff for a platformer such as this but have there weaknesses of course  . now IS Risk of Rain Fun you ask , well one thing  is for sure this game is so f_@$# hard it takes practice , i felt like many of the characters sucks its was that hard but perhaps i lack the skill to play them to their  fullest potential ya know. but the game offers nearly a hundred cool items  that can stack and that give your player buffs and all kinds of things  , so once you get down the items that are the most op you get stronger but so do enemies . overall this game in my opinion would get   3.5 out of 5 wich is not bad at all for an indie , 2d , rogue like platformer"
,Recommended,248820,8724221,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Paradigmical,"This game is the FTL of 2013. It has a random element that can sometimes doom you and sometimes be your best friend, but there is rarely any time I do anything and don't think it's my own fault. That said, the game has a pretty sharp difficulty curve; you don't know what any items are until the first time you use them, at which point they get added to a database/archive, and each character's abilities come from a MOBA-ish list where each has its own cooldown, and the strategy and delicate balance of timing behind the skills takes a bit of time to learn. In addition to this, the game is not without its issues. It requires Hamachi to play online, there are often bugs with enemies walking into corners then just refusing to move any more, and I have lost audio before.All in all, this game is a pretty difficult roguelike action 2D-shooter with mild platforming elements and a certain degree of randomness that never feels unfair or cheap, and will sink its talons into you and any friends you invite to try it out."
76561198013292982,Recommended,248820,8725469,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Bobinhedgeorge,You will die over and over and you will like it.
,Recommended,248820,8726320,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Jebuzz []-),"i actually quite enjoyed playing this game, managed to complete it and want to keep playing.i Recomend it."
,Recommended,248820,8760711,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Burningfeetman,This game is tough! My only complaint is the lack of easy multiplayer setup.
,Recommended,248820,8762206,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,The Guy,"It's a pretty good game. Playthroughs are actually longer than I expected, usually taking anywhere from 45 minutes to an hour to finish normally. Nice soundtracks, most of the areas look pretty nice, monster logs have interesting info on monsters, etc. Some of the characters are a bit slow, but all in all a fun game."
,Recommended,248820,8767295,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Wispeh,A very challenging game with a good amount of replayability. It will really test your prioritising and undoubtedly the most fun I've had on a shoot 'em up in a while. Recommend this to anyone who deems themselves patient as you WILL die... a lot.
,Recommended,248820,8748605,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,vanhisa,Just Greaat! A really fun an punishing Roguelike. Even the Drizzle (Easy) difficulty is no cakewalk...
,Recommended,248820,8750928,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Virgil,"If you liked ""The Binding of Isaac"", ""Rogue Legacy"", ""Faster Than Light"", or ""Die-Hard Dungeon"" you will like this game. It's worth way more than the $9.99 that is being charge.Extremely fun game.Lots of replayability2d side-scroller. Frequent boss battles. Lots of things to unlock"
76561197970574735,Recommended,248820,8751159,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,iwillnotlive,"Hard, and sort of unfair at times, but incredibly addicting. The music is insanely good.Only drawbacks is it's not well optimized for performance, and its controller support for 2 people is non-existant despite supporting local co-op. The controller also only works for half of the menu screens, the rest you have to get up and use the mouse >:E Otherwise this would be great Big Picture stuff."
,Recommended,248820,8769495,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,238ra,10/10 its okay -IGN (its ♥♥♥♥ing great)
76561198060313449,Recommended,248820,8773033,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,atomicmass12,Very fun game with many diffrent ways to play. Keping you always adjusting your play style.
76561198055510712,Recommended,248820,8775482,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Dank Memes,hi
,Recommended,248820,8755809,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,zfaulkner14,"Great time passer, and unlimited re-playability"
,Recommended,248820,8758599,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,BANDOLERO,"Great game for anyone who's interested in platformers, the increasing difficulty makes it even more fun to play!"
76561198054188606,Recommended,248820,8760467,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Frankly Cankles,Mmmhmm ok mmmhmm ok mhmm mhmm okay
,Recommended,248820,8837258,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Mr Dooni,"Awesome game, it looks like it has a lot of replayability to it. Definitely worth $10."
,Recommended,248820,8837348,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Breadcrumbs,"I can tell for absolute certainty that this is, in fact, an electronic video game."
,Recommended,248820,8782182,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Kyriose,"The game itself is a blast. I just wish I could play it with my xbox wired controller. It may not be everyone, but I get no response from the controller whatsoever. This also makes playing local co-op a lot harder.Game is good, needs some attention."
,Recommended,248820,8840957,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Several Intrauterine Devices,This is good. At first you are like whaaaat but then you are like cool.
76561198116608977,Recommended,248820,8726555,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Mugenia,good
,Recommended,248820,8851021,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Hur Dur,5% Charater Selection7% Hide and Seek12% Farming25% Random Items31% Epic Boss FIghts19% Running for Your Life1% dying...100% Worth Every Penny
,Recommended,248820,8852062,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Purg,"Fantastic game with great replayability, reminds me of Knytt."
,Recommended,248820,8849829,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,HotDoggo,"Not for the faint-hearted. This game has a very steep learning curve from the get-go. You can't even spend time trying to get a hold of the basics, because the longer you play the game the difficulty automatically goes up.Saying all that, this was what made the game so much fun for me! FInally a challenge in a gaming world where every game seems to hold your hand and be too simple for toddlers to finish.A fair bit of replayability, especially with friends, but you will find yourself becoming sick of the levels and hoardes of enemies."
,Recommended,248820,8854052,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,LathiiSa,"Yet another game with an 8bit nostalgia feel to it. The overall game feels pretty solid. However, at it's current state, the only problem I've had with it so far is that I spent more time trying to get Co-Op to work than actually playing. This is a huge issue that needs to be addressed for the Co-Op/Multi-player community."
76561198060973374,Recommended,248820,8859175,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Scholberg,this game is really addictive... I love it
,Recommended,248820,8859178,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Stealthbreed,"A fantastic, challenging game with fun mechanics, high replay value, and a superb soundtrack."
76561198063556285,Recommended,248820,8860437,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,GAYBOR,"Incredibly addictive and satisfying. A must-play for anyone intereted in rogue-lites, platforming or uncompromising difficulty."
,Recommended,248820,10618390,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,TyrannicalWolf,Challenging yet rewarding. This♥♥♥♥♥♥is good.
76561198135887564,Recommended,248820,10619154,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Ace | Heyodogo,"just buy it, its worth it my friend"
,Recommended,248820,10619169,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,plast,This game is hard as f**k10/10
,Recommended,248820,10619257,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,roboandy,"Rarely is there a game that makes me mad just thinking about it. Risk of Rain is a ""rogue-like"" side scroller shooter. Fast, fun, and unforgiving. Great game for couch co-op. Frusterating as all get out."
76561197995354004,Recommended,248820,10620077,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,an adorable puppy,A mechanically sound platformer and fun semi-roguelike. Frame rate takes a surprisingly huge beating when there's alot of action on the screen though.
,Recommended,248820,10621083,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,KestrelPi,"Excellent feeling of progression, fun controls and enough characters to suit lots of play styles. Finishing it the first time felt do-able, but still a great achievement."
,Recommended,248820,10621675,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,italktotherain,"Love this game, it reminds me of a time when games were harder and frustration was inevitable, but welcome."
,Recommended,248820,10621713,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Elric225,"A fun and frantic platforming roguelike with a ton of content, try to find a good server for multiplayer tho"
76561198131665374,Recommended,248820,10622710,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Aromatic Failure,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game for the 10 hours I played it. It was incredibly engaging and I found it hard to put down. But the more I played it, the more tedious it got until I was tired of it. I'd still recommend it though."
,Recommended,248820,10623494,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Hugh_Janus,This game Rules the world Multiplayer co-op! BOOM!
,Recommended,248820,10624135,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,.HoffHorn,Great game!
76561198042839162,Recommended,248820,10808672,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,A Gallon of Noightkwil,"Cheap, Fun, Replayable.If you're a fan of The Binding of Isaac or other Rouge-likes this is a solid buy."
,Recommended,248820,7966269,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Tarxan,Simply amazing.
,Recommended,248820,8076007,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,chriiss,"This game is amazing, and brutal, and simple, and brutal, and complex and...did I mention brutal.  You will die, and you will cry, and then you will start all over again.  What is amazing is that you will get better, your character isnt leveling up, the game isn't getting any easier, but you will get better.  I absolutly love the local COOP, my girlfriend almost never plays games but Risk of Rain is easy enought to understand where she can follow me around and it basicly turnes the game into an escort mission.  I love this game.  Come on it's only $10!   Less than a mixed drink in a bar (I live in NYC).  Oh and pick up all the drones you can cause when you unlock the engineer he is friken awesome.  Rockets for days!!  Seriously get this game.  :)"
76561198046230270,Recommended,248820,8082440,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Never Quit!,"The Game is pretty neat but given alot of char & to chose from was a nice move but if u can't access them early then whats the use . Still the game is decent and fun to play with others .PS: ( IT'S CHAOS ! when ur playing with friends , Chaos in my terms = FUN ! )"
,Recommended,248820,8083995,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,flower farter 69,The best co op rouge like I have EVER played! pick it up and play with a few friend ASAP it's a blast!
,Recommended,248820,8104324,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Aksuu,Buy it. Buy it now.
76561197966725941,Recommended,248820,8125637,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,The Green Tentacle,"I can't describe how addicting this game is, while it has very similair level layouts each time the clock puts a great deal of pressure and intensity on getting through each stage before you get overrun."
,Recommended,248820,8129454,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Isaac,"love it, really fun to play with friends"
,Recommended,248820,8130273,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Rav The Toothy,"I just have to say that I love this game so much. I'm a big fan of rogue-like games for the most part though some just don't sit well with me for instance I love/hate FTL because you can lose everything just due to some random happenstance you can't control. Risk of Rain on the other hand is much better in this regard due to the fact that even without items you can survive on skill alone.Anyway on to gameplay, it feels fluid and fun and it's fairly easy to pick up as well. The game starts you off kinda slow with a monster here and there but once you get between 5 and 10 minutes in things start to pick up and become a scramble to survive. It's got a nice sense of progression through it as each time you play you get a little farther and do a little better though naturally you'll have bad runs and good runs.To end this off just gonna say that I absolutely love this game to death and hope they expand on it or make some kind of sequal in the future."
76561198076036709,Recommended,248820,8130681,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Shiffla,Very addicting!
,Recommended,248820,12297959,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Agent Waurshington,"GREAT GAME!!!!!!Risk of rain may look like trash at first glance, but trust me when i say all that is forgotten soon as you get into it.the progression in the game is amazing, doing achievments (some easy some hard) to unlock new powerups and buffs (like drones, proc items, buffs) and classes (a drooling zergling, ROB the robot from mario, a bad♥♥♥♥♥sniper amd a few more) will keep you coming for more and more, the game becomes more and more satisfying the higher you progress each round, you'll be focused and intent on the edge of your seat by the final boss cause one wrong move can leave you dead or scrambling for your life yelling to yourself ""oh♥♥♥♥♥♥oh♥♥♥♥♥♥oh♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;what is lacking is the multiplayer set up, you'll need to move heaven and earth to hook up with some friends over the internet cause Risk of Rain dosent come with servers.but once you do have all that setup be prepared for some epic moments, look up Chilled chaos for some great footage of him and friends playing"
76561198083028043,Recommended,248820,12298357,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Internet Tough Guy,Easily Worth Every Penny!!!This game is perfect for those who love the harder type of games with loads of replayability and tons of different ways to play. 9/10
,Recommended,248820,12294601,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Sunfleck,"Wow. Just a fanatsic game. Risk of Rain is one of the best Rogue-like platformers you will ever play. First of all you have to unlock every character except for the first one, commando, (who has a good moveset). Unlocking every character is a thrill in their own regards. They also come with different strategy, which will help you in different situations. The game itself is impossible when you first start. As you start to understand the enemies and powerups you gradually get better at the game. The bosses get ridiculous as you progress and its so so so easy to die. One twist the game has is that the longer you play the higher the difficulty gets. So the longer you take to level up your character the harder the enemies are. The highest level it gets to is HAHAHAHAHA. Theres also a reletively more recent thing called artifacts which when you get them they can drastically change the gameplay. Despite a few bugs, this game is an honor to play. 9/10"
,Recommended,248820,12295525,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,mell42,"One of my absolute most-favorite games! When my tower ate its new graphics card, this was the game I missed playing most (more than Borderlands 2, Skyrim, Magica, and anything else you can find in my library). While its great to play solo, the co-op is AWESOME! Action is quick and infinitely replayable with unlocking classes - all of whom are quite different - and items. And the items are awesome, with fun descriptions which open the world a lot. I cannot recommend this game highly enough! More people should play it!"
,Recommended,248820,12297372,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,twitch.tv/itzteajay,This is definitely a game where you can lose yourself especially with a buddy! I've easily lost track of 2 to 3 hours playing the game through and every play through is a blast. As simple as this game is it has the ability to throw you in frantic tantrum while killing endless waves of enemies to stack your power. This game is a must with a gamepad I wouldn't recommend it without one. The graphics are excellently simple but beware of the ghost spawning item for it will tank your framerate!
,Recommended,248820,12277548,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Jack5500,"Pro:Nicely executed multiplayerDifferent characters result in different playstylesA race against the clock lets you feel a rush at any given timeStill gets content patches long after releaseCon:The levelset is very limitedThe enemies are very basicBosses can get stuck easily and make the game easier than it's supposed to beOverall it's a pretty solid game, where you and your friends can invest multiple hours into."
76561198087314152,Recommended,248820,12279036,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Razzle Dazz1e,"At some point you say....""stop giving me upgrades, for the love of GOD!"" But is that ever a REAL problem. Simple, fun, challenging. Great group experience"
,Recommended,248820,7699011,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,[ZDN] Sirducki,"Great soundtrack and beautiful artwork, proving to be both difficult to master but a joy to learn."
,Recommended,248820,12526641,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,SageOne,"What is Risk of Rain in short: pixelated space, pain-inducing monsters, button-mashing combat, permadeath, ukuleles, lasers, rockets, tears, rage, huge bosses, a hint of salt and frustration, but a warm and fuzzy feeling once the game is complete.In Risk of Rain your goal is to find a portal to the next level, this way clearing all levels of the game with a certain character (total of 10 guys). Still there's a little twist, to achieve your goal you'll need to obliterate every single living being on the level, without dropping your HP to 0. The combat will require quite a bit of skill, each character due to unique abilities has a unique playstyle, but to that skill-based battle every game an element of randomness is brought: the collectibles. A huge pull of items is generated randomly, similar to The Binding of Isaac, and will significantly affect your playthrough. One more thing, the longer you play, the more difficult the game will get, so good luck ;)"
,Recommended,248820,12495017,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Th3DuckOnQuack,Weather outlook for the rest of the week: raining blood (because this game is pretty difficult).
,Recommended,248820,12502403,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Jimmy Jazz,"Really nice roguelike; the levels don't change much (there is a small number of patterns that combine themselves to create levels but after a few hours you'll realize the changes are small), but everything else is done pretty good; really high replayability.The only real problem is the online coop: the game doesn't get advantage of Steam, and you have to use Hamachi to connect with your friends, wich can be frustrating. Aside from this, i higly recommend it!"
,Recommended,248820,12507270,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,thetwistedkris,This game feels so unique and the only way I can describe it is an action platormer with rogue-like and MOBA elements. Definitely a must play-to-hell and a time sink where all your time is well spent.
76561198049724851,Recommended,248820,12514194,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Fenris,"Risk of Rain is a game that doesn't ease you into things. you're into the thick of it, right away. No tutorials, no long intro, nada. This is both its greatest strength and its biggest weakness. It makes it insanely replayable, but it also makes it difficult to get into initially. The starting class is very well balanced, but to the point that it becomes a jack of all trades. It does well at everything, but doesnt excell at any particular one either. This is not really a weakness, however, as it introduces a multitude of different playstyles. The biggest strength of the game comes from its replayability. I personally have gotten to the point where I almost never lose on normal difficulty. This means that I go to the very end and beat the final boss almost every game I play. And for those who play this game and know what this is; I don't use boar beach. And yet, even with this being the case, I still have a very high amount of replayability. The highest difficulty is on an entirely different level to the normal difficulty, and thats not a bad thing. It prevents the game from getting stale, as the reason it is replayable is that it always provides a higher challenge for you. You beat the game with your favorite class? Alright, try a harder difficulty, or a different class. The game is only over once you say it is, and it provides enough variety that its pretty difficult to put down. All in all, its a wonderful little game, with a beautiful soundtrack. I thoroughly recommend it to anyone who enjoys challenging games, and I still encourage others to try it out as well. It wont be your favorite game of all time, but it may very well keep you going after it longer than your favorite game."
,Recommended,248820,12391102,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,[Dupl3xxx] rawr!,"♥♥♥♥ing amazing. It looks nice, plays good, is nearly bug-free (some minor network graphical glitches) and fun!The game will kill you in the worst ways imagineable, and you will be smiling threw it all!"
76561198109883351,Recommended,248820,12391983,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,MRNasher,"Background: Saw it on RedLetterMedia's review show and i believe anything that Rich Evans tells me. Also was pennies in the steam summer sale.The Good:* Weapons & upgrades have power and impact.. lots of em too* Charming, retro, pixellated graphics* Re-playability only added to by unlockable characters* Plays great with keyboard or controller* Great audio throughoutThe Bad:* While exits & upgrades are randomly placed the levels remain the same every time* Unlocks and achievements are incredibly hard* Boss fights are hard, and perma-death feels cruel at later levels.Impressions: What a nightmare! It's rouge-like run and gun fun with random waves of enemies and crazy upgrades and meaty weapons. Only randomly generated levels could make the formula better.Recommended for: those who like action, value for money and extremely challenging achievements.Conclusion. Yonks of fun.7/10. a good time for little cash and one you can pick up and put down at will."
,Recommended,248820,12393703,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,AleSatan,Holy balls.
76561198053704566,Recommended,248820,11689635,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Siggi,This game is just so awesome! I have never seen a game who are 2D survival and so fun!
76561198054791225,Recommended,248820,12470497,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Chemicalx,"game is extremely fun game with a great sound track, ive had hours and hours of fun on itbut on another note i got a new computer and had to reinstall and now , for the second time, this game has taken my characters away from me. twice. what in the blazes is convincing me to keep playing? absolutely nothing because now this game took my artifacts, lore recordings, and characters away AGAIN. play at your own risk"
76561198078169712,Recommended,248820,12474312,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Fleating,"Risk of Rain, I really like this one.The random levels leave much to be desired though."
76561198025508545,Recommended,248820,12450622,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Atheistic Monk,"Risk of Rain is another take on the much beloved rogue-like game genre. Those of you who enjoyed Binding of Isaac and Rogue Legacy will probably also enjoy this little gem.The graphics are 8-bit, not really that uncommon for an Indie game, but you can still feel the effort they put in them. They're not simply there for the reason a lot of hipster indie game developers use 8-bit graphics, i.e. for the sake of their pretentious artistic integrity. The graphics in this game are like this to convey the feeling of those old but gold and hard as heck games like Castlevania, Metroid and Cave Story. The art direction itself is also really well done. The different levels always give you a metroid-like feeling. They're beautiful, they make you wanna explore them, but at the same time they kind of frighten you, give you the feeling that at any time something bad could happen. And I know I'm repeating myself, but in the end it feels like a subtle hommage to Super Metroid and those kind of games, which in my case I can't have enough of.The game runs and controls smoothly, the only problem I have is that you always have to pause and then skip the opening animation when you're starting it up. Also the partial support of the gamepad really throws me off, because you can't select your characters with it or look at the items. Can't really say anything about the coop, because I haven't tried it yet, so I won't.The gameplay itself is also very well executed. You can play as ten different characters, which not only look, but also play differently. From the long-ranged, flexible, but not that much damage dealing Commando to the very close ranged Acrid, they all have their own perks and, of course, disadvantages. Most of them are unlocked if you do something special, so that you have a little motivation to play the game besides just finishing it. The action skills (four of them) you have in this game are almost always active skills, besides the items you pick up. Which brings me to the next point: items/passive skills. All over the map are containers with items that can boost your stats or even give you somewhat active skills. Those can be either that you heal faster outside of combat, have a better attack speed or even launch a mortar while attacking normally. And you can get a special item you can use actively, so you can escape certain dangerous situations. Besides the regular action skill (every character has one special to him) all of the action skills have a cooldown so you can't just go rampage on that poor planet, so a little strategy is needed when dealing with hordes of monsters. Last, but not least, you can change the difficulty from easy to hard if you're in need of a challenge. The further you come in a session, the harder the game gets. And you can collect hidden artifacts if you want to have a little fun while playing. They always grant you certain advantages and/or disadvantages, e.g. that enemies explode on their death or that you deal far more damage while also just having a fragment of your health. All in all it proves that it has a really tight gameplay.The music in this game also sort of gives me this feeling that only the Metroid series can give me. The feeling you're all alone on a big, dangerous planet. Beautiful, but highly dangerous. It also sounds kind of like the Metroid Prime series, I don't know if they got their inspiration from it, but it's always a plus in my book. It just fits in perfectly with the rest of the environment. The tracks themselves are mostly ambient tracks which compliment the landscape you're in, but in certain situations like boss fights they can also be very aggressive and alarming. All things considered it's a really great soundtrack.If you still don't know if I'd recommend this game, I do. It has really tight gameplay, looks pleasing to my eyes, has a wonderful soundtrack and high replayability. It's not often you find good rogue-like games like this, so definitely buy this gem of a game.TL:DR version: If you liked TBOI and Rogue Legacy, buy it, you cheapskate. It's only nine dollars."
,Recommended,248820,12593353,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,8BitSaint,"Compelling and surprisingly deep gameplay, with almost infinite replayability."
,Recommended,248820,12598048,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,WhaskyTongoFixtrot,"A side scrolling, sci-fi, bullet hell Binding of Isaac., Risk of Rain is a hard game that's well worth the effort."
,Recommended,248820,12599955,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Vastonik,"I honestly had a lot of fun with this game. I started playing the game not really thinking much of it and was just getting hang of the controls. I must say, after I unlocked a couple items I got hooked and was determined to 100% the game.Unlocking characters and items has to be one of the most exciting things about this game. Completing challenges for characters and new items is a lot of fun and keeps the replayability aspect of the game rolling and rolling.My only downside of the game is the multiplayer. No matter how good the connection is between two or more people, the game is extremely buggy, laggy, and has broken enemies that are invincible or non-existant preventing the other player from progressing and forcing a restart.Other than the horrid-netcode, the game is amazing, and I'm still going to give it an 8/10 because multiplayer is not an intended main focus of the game.P.S I'm very happy they're still adding content to the game. I'll probably play for another 10 hours when the next patch comes out."
,Recommended,248820,12586698,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Optimistic Nihilist,"Great game, lovei it so much."
76561198094919751,Recommended,248820,11406768,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Kitzachoumel,"Huge replayability. With the recent inclusion of artifacts it adds completly new ways to play the 10 different characters. The beauty lies in the way the game gets harder with time, not just level by level."
,Recommended,248820,11407242,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,BrainDeadEdd,Amazing roguelike.Play it a lot. Play it Co-op.Go. Now. GO.
76561198046089804,Recommended,248820,8564215,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,SKT Fasker,Survivin' for hours m8
76561198044633176,Recommended,248820,8565742,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Vauin,Weather Forecast Simulator 2014
,Recommended,248820,8566892,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Roamin,Risk of Rain is an excellent game. It has the benefits of a Rogue-like game such as the ability to get better at the game and do better each time. And yet still never made me feel defeated. One of my top games of 2013.
,Recommended,248820,8567306,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,canniv,"Enjoying this game quite a bit so far. It's a very fast action rogue-like. There is a ton of different items, and characters to play as (and they play really different from each other - very fun). A ton of stuff to unlock which is keeping me coming back for ""just one more play-through!"" Recommended."
,Recommended,248820,8567318,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,フェリクスです,"Super fun, but super tough. If you're looking for a challenge, this game is great for you!"
,Recommended,248820,8568131,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Freewilldanny,Awesome Freakin Game
,Recommended,248820,8568207,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Hety06,BEST GAME EVER ITS SO AWESOME I WANT IT AGAIN!
,Recommended,248820,8568393,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Big Smelly,This game is hella
76561198081993309,Recommended,248820,8568821,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,S U C C,BUY IT
76561198014884962,Recommended,248820,8570060,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,ScariestFace,"A very challenging yet fun game with a lot of replayability and variation. The only improvement i could suggest is for it to be easier to set up multiplayer games without hamachi, but with it, its very simple."
76561198041278659,Recommended,248820,11948452,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,reallitup22,"this game is not for the faint of heart.I repeat.this game is not for the faint of heart.I REPEATTHIS GAME IS NOT FOR THE FAINT OF HEART!Its amazing how sutch a simjple game can turn you into a creaturre of pure power with its slowly progressing difficulty which make you die and die again and again until you suddenly get the items you need to remain alive alot longer which gets you killed again. But then, if you play your cards correctly, you will actually make it to the third stage. At that point, you start to look for more items which make you stronger and more powerful with mortars, electrical music, and killer ghosts.  Then, you find drones to shoot at enemies for you and heal you and actually give you the miracle of surviving the third level. This process repeats until you become mad with impossible power AT AN INSANE DIFFICULTY with enemies dropping by the hundereds and you only get richer as they drop money. But what was it all worth? Your time? your soul? Is all that power really worth it? You ask yourself this once you reach the final level which just tells you to survive. Then, after getting even stronger with the difficulty raised to impossible, you face your ultimate challenge. Bullets. Swords. Nothing in the world can describe the gravity of the battle. Then, once the smoke clears away, your job is not done yet. Two more challenges tackle you head-on. I. You keep lasting but how will it end? SEE. You just keep going! but for what!? YOU. You finally escape! but how!? how arestill aliveall this time!? I SEE YOU.I SEE YOU.I SEE YOU.CANNOT ESCAPE.CaNNot EScApeNO HOPENO HOPENohOPeISEEYOUCANNOTESCAPENOHOPERISKOFRAINRISKOFRAINRISKOFRAINRISKOFRAINRISKOFRAINRISKOFRAINRISKOFRAIN10/10 would play again."
76561198067853196,Recommended,248820,11957462,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,MASTER WEEB TRASH,pretty gud
76561198127143140,Recommended,248820,11961570,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Tylock,"Really fun and addicting not to mention challengeing the only down side to this game is that sometimes theres a bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥on the screen that you cant tell whats going on but either way i recommend ""risk of rain"""
76561198037794909,Recommended,248820,11953850,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,WhiteNinjer,"Awesome rogue like fast paced 2d sidescrolling shooter. Absolute blast to play with friends. You will need a few playthroughs to get the feel, but wildly addictive."
76561198048345676,Recommended,248820,11969036,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,MrFancyPantsMan,Yes.Seriously though this game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's kind of a slow start but once you unlock some new classes it's a blast! And don't worry... getting all the classes is easier than you think!
,Recommended,248820,11849971,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Clive_Threepwood,I love it! Buy it and have fun.
,Recommended,248820,7686114,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,"Frostica ""Slowhand""",Get this game immieditely (srry for spelling errors) it has rogue like stuff in it but its 4 player badass action packed game full of timing and percision... just get it
76561198004567668,Recommended,248820,11852470,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Mr. X,"dodging , rolling ,firing you gotta survive so them monsters gotta die. games like these show how much better gaming can be with less graphics . All around i dont know why you dont own this"
,Recommended,248820,11853298,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Bob Vance Vance Refrigeration,awesome game
76561198056404354,Not Recommended,248820,11940477,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Jebus,"This game has a serious flaw, trailer looks amazing (and all reviews look preety good) but and this is a serious but. For select people there is no audio what so ever, This is a game breaking expierence, I have tried multiple fixe's for this that didnt fix it. Sadly ill have to not recomend this game untill its fixed"
,Recommended,248820,11870831,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,ray.harry,"Super hard, pixel perfect platforming, relentless pace. You will run a lot, and die a lot. And eventually, you might get good enough to actually finish the game.Most of the characters, items, and lore are unlocked by achieving certain milestones within the game, so it will take many, many, attempts to even get close to having everything available. And even then, as a rogue-like, you will always start again at the beginning. And every second that passes, more and stronger enemies will spawn, so you are constantly on the clock.I enjoyed playing with a controller, and even now I haven't unlocked everything. It's cheap and has plenty of content to keep completionists happy, as well as being hard enough to occupy those who are up for a challenge.Oh, and there's actually a fairly interesting story hidden amongst all the chaos."
76561198054630336,Recommended,248820,11876367,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Jinkies Scoob!,"This game really blows me away. Ever since i started playing it, I've found it increasingly difficult to stop. The learning curve felt a bit steep at first, but once you get the hang of it getting treasures and unlocking characters as well as new powerups becomes a breeze. As a roguelike, the game lends itself to continuing freshness and replayability by having varied maps and a wide cast of characters, each with a very unique playstyle."
,Recommended,248820,11085826,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,鳥 Bird,BUY IT
76561198020743548,Recommended,248820,11087917,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Tacobadgers,Amazing game! Don't let the graphics turn you off it's sooo good!
,Recommended,248820,10869247,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,DEATH BY TEACUP,one of the best indie games i have played in a long time :golem:
,Recommended,248820,10872292,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,PonPon~♥,Great for co-op. Just shoot and run around. No thinking involved.
,Recommended,248820,10875090,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Tree Sapp,"This game is really well done, its ultimately the old soldat game but with an mmo feel that becomes blended with those rail shooters. Its really amazing with friends and you can adjust the modes by which you play like 500% damage but 15% health. All the classes are very unique and provide a balance and its very easy to die if you're not paying attention. The items are even better and offer very diverse ways to amp up your character.My only gripe is that the only way to play multiplayer is to directly connect with someone which is somewhat annoying and difficult but as long as you have friends or visit the chat forum you can find people to play with!"
