user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,248860,13660490,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,DICKFLIP MC60,"EDIT 10.9.15:I love this game. One time, I got shot by an arrow. I ducked under cover, then pulled the arrow out. Then I stabbed my assailant to death with it.One time, I was attacked by two dogs immediately after starting a game. I was naked (save for a thin hospital gown) and I had no weapons. As they charged me, I grabbed some shards of glass on the ground, and following a lengthy battle that I ultimately won, I used said shards to skin the dogs' carcasses and then made gloves out of them. Then I died of blood loss.One time, I was attacked in the middle of a stormy night by two mutants trying to steal my shopping cart loaded with supplies. After I brained one of them, the other scattered. I gave chase, and dispatched it following a cross-tile pursuit. However, upon return to my camp, my cart was gone. The mutant corpse, mysteriously absent as well. Using my tracking ability, I followed the thief several tiles down, and discovered it was another mutant, slowly pushing my cart southwest, his deceased comrade most unceremoniously stuffed inside with the rest of the contents. I moved in and caved its skull in with one fell swoop. I felt no pity, no remorse. I really needed those 5 empty bottles.10/10 excellent post apocalyptic hobo simulatorIt's worth noting that there are a lot of mods available that greatly expand the game's potential."
,Recommended,248860,10798841,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Matkingos,"I had a Strong Melee Hacker, with lockpicking, a crowbar strap, and a box cart. None could stand in my way, not even the Detroit Mercs could withstand my maniacal crowbar swinging techniques. I was immortal. I confidently strode through the Michigan wastes knowing that I could never die. I came across some water in an urban location. I was a bit parched and decided to sate my thirst on the water. I didn't need to boil it, I was immortal! I drank the water, and a few hours later my charcter began to develop severe diarrhea as my skin turned a horrific shade of blue. I checked my supplies, I had no antibiotics, I needed to get to the health clinic. I desperately made my way to Detroit. 3 hexes away from gate 11 my character died from Cholera. I lost everything and died because I was too lazy to boil my water. 10/10 would play again."
76561198044763652,Recommended,248860,7961943,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Professor of Doom,"Be prepared to die...a LOT!  And with ""permadeath"" that means you will be met with a black screen unceremoniously alerting you to your demise, manner of death and hours you managed to keep this poor guy alive.  Now, don't assume that this is put forth as a criticism because that is the appeal to this survival game.  After succumbing to the countless manners of death you begin to appreciate the fragility of humanity in this post-apocalyptic world.  Every decision begins to weigh on the player as you try to balance all the needs of survival.  I suppose there IS a way to ""win"" the game, though I've never seen it.  For me the appeal is simply the test to see how long you can stay alive while dodging the raiders, bandits, the elements, wild beasts, disease, dehydration, famine - I'm sure you get the point.  Go ahead and eat that rancid hunk of meat you found because the immediate fear of famine out-weighs the ramifications of food poisoning you will have to deal with tomorrow.This is an early access game so there will be problems.  The only bug I encountered was a turn bug that caused the time to keep clicking by until he just died.  Only happened to me once, but it was frustrating just the same.  The developer is aware of the issue and promises a fix.  There may also need to be a few play-balance adjustments because as I said it is really difficult to get deep into the game.  There are lots of interesting traits to choose when beginning the game, but honestly ""toughness,"" ""melee,"" and ""strength"" are the main ones you have to have or you will not survive the first night to even begin to utilize the other abilities.  Combat is unique and interesting once you figure out the order the text reads out, and how the interface deals with multiple enemies.This is a flash game with tons of depth."
76561198043705339,Recommended,248860,13579889,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Admiral,"An awesome survival game.Challenging to the newer players, and for myself, with about 60 hours in game, still a struggle to stay alive for long lengths of time.It has multiple playstyles to suit however you'd like to play:-Want to be a survivalist who uses ranged weaponry to hunt wild animals? Go for it.-Want to use melee weapons, wreaking havoc upon any foe who walks in your path? Go for it.-Want to fight for justice, destroying any and all inhumane religious cults that have arisen? Go for it.-Feel a need to slaughter any human, animal, or whatever the hell you find in the wasteland? Go for it.-Want to knock people out, steal their shoes, and then leave them barefoot in the middle of a wasteland? Go for it.-Want to be insane, kill anyone you see, AND become a cannibalistic maniac? I think you know the answer.With multiple in-game skills, the possibilities are endless.  You can be an overweight combat medic, a melee proficient electrician with a high metabolism, a weak and brittle botanist, an athlete with insomnia; There are many different combinations you can choose from.  You just need to find the right kit to suit yourself- with the ability to deal with freezing weather, wild dog attacks, and insane cultists.An awesome game that is definitely worth the money.  The creator of the game is very willing to fix bugs, communicates with the players whenever the chance arises, and listens to any and all feedback.In my book, a definite 10/10"
,Recommended,248860,9049014,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,fonetikli,"If you like:- Obsessive compulsive hoarding of plastic bottles- Fashioning weapons out of seemingly innocuous detritus- Spending half your days with diarrhea, having eating the purple berries- Awkwardly dragging a sled containing boxes of spare T-shirts through a hostile wilderness- Dying due to acute aspiration of blood in the lungs following being bludgeoned with a monkey wrenchThen stop kidding yourself!  Neo Scavenger is waiting to be your next survival strategy game addiction."
76561197974422069,Recommended,248860,14527229,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Jungle George,"Picked this up on a lark, as I am heavily into survival games lately. I was hesitant due to the low res, pixel graphics, but man am I glad I took a chance on this!What stands out immediately is choice and consequence. You can't have it all. You have to build a character with weaknesses, and weaknesses can just be not having some of the skills you might like to have, or it can be actual weaknesses to give you points to get more benefits.You might take Fragile for example, making you take more damage than normal if you get hit, and you might do this because you really want the points it gives you to take Trapping so you can make fire right away at the start of the game.You might take Strong so you can carry more and Melee so you can close combat better, but this might mean you don't get Ranged skil and therefore cannot make arrows, and have limited range skill with guns and other range weapons.Anyway, you make your choices and take your shot. Into the game you go and immediately your character choices effect your first encounter, in terms of whether you survive, escape, get hurt or kick the♥♥♥♥♥of the first opponent.You survived the fight (maybe) and now you gotta get fire, you gotta get a weapon, you need clothing, you need shelter, you need a supply of food and water, and you need to get these things without attracting too much attention from the local wildlife. How you do this is up to you and there is little to no help from the game. You gotta figure it out, and fast, cause you are getting cold and soon you'll be needing somewhere to sleep.RnG can help you or hurt you here, and at first I was like, well you need some good rolls to start, but later you learn it's more about playing smart, and persistently scavenging until you get what you want.You have to be concerned about the noise you make, the tracks you leave, and even your scent, as you get through those nail biting first turns until you finally get to the point where you are not struggling and can start to carve your way through the world.Now you start to get pleasantly surprised because you find there is depth in the game. Depth in the combat system, depth in the crafting system, and it's challenging because you are gonna die if you are not careful. You might kill that wolf, but you took a scratch that is gonna get infected because you didn't find or craft any clean bandages, and haven't managed to find something to act as a dis-infectant. Left untreated this may progress to septis, and ultimately death.On the other hand, if you are not careful in combat, being tactical, the wolf just may kill you outright.Items decay, so in the long game you need to be able to get a backup supply... and then you start to find that there is actually a story here... WHAT YOU SAY?!?!?!?!I thought I was just enjoying a really great survival game, and BAM... all of a sudden I ran into some story elements and again realize this modest little game is actually filled with depth and fun, and a reason to keep playing, try to live longer, try to figure out just why and how you came to be here, and what you can do to go beyond surviving.There is a reputation system, and good versus evil behaviour. You can save the damsel in distress or throw in your lot with the bandits. It can be dark, really dark. You don't just kill stuff... you murder it... you rip people apart in scenarios where it's either you or them... fight or die... and sometimes you win just to find out later, you lost.If you give Neo Scavanger half a chance, you'll find a real gem here. A game which has been clearly and cleverly thought out to provide many hours of entertainment. I'm about 168 hours in as I write this, and still haven't seen 60% of the map. Lots and lots of fun to be had for a bargain basement price! Seriously.. if you like survival, buy this!"
76561198082909697,Not Recommended,248860,23416520,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Cain SCP-073,"TL/DR at endGame is hard, but good.Until you find out the game is using 2-5GB of temporary internet files as your ""save data"" and cleaning your computer wipes your save, every time. Devs started with an internet flash game, and ended with an internet flash game. they can't even code the save files into real save files so that long-run gameplay (about a month or two in in-game 'time') doesn't start lagging. seriously, a game that is not server based and has low quality graphics lagging because devs can't code a proper save file. sad too, it had potential.EDIT:The fact that it is a flash save file IS the issue.the file being deleted upon cleaning your computer is just one of the problems that arise from the issue.If you clean your temporary internet files, even through chrome, firefox, or IE, like any halfway tech savy computer user from time to time, your save file WILL be deleted, as the files are stored in your temporary internet files, which is what gets wiped. This is something the devs SHOULD have anticipated, unless they are idiots who never maintain their computersThere is also the fact that the save file for one game gets HUGE because flash is not meant to save long term memory. While I have over 7TB hard drive space on my computer, so a 6GB save file goes practically unnoticed, this is not the case for everyone, and this also creates bigger problems that are not related to how much space you haveThe biggest issue is that the more you play the more the game lags because of this saving method, as flash games are not meant to continuously read and update a save file that big. The lag isn't apparent at first, but play and survive in the game for a few ingame months. you will start to notice stuttering and lag no matter what kind of computer you are running it on, beacuse the issue is with the game itself and flash player. A 2GB plus flash save file is unacceptable and just bad foresight by the devs, not to mention 6GB+ when you've been playing the game for a while.So yes, you could blame google chrome, firefox, CCCleaner, whatever for the save file deletion. But you have to blame the devs for using such a stupid system. For not knowing how or wanting to code a good save system. THEY are the ones who chose to put a decent sized persistant universe into a flash save file. THEY are the ones who decided to give their game a save system that will eventually make your saves unplayable.You can argue all you want, but the devs are the ones who made the decisions that gave thier game a crippling handicap. Maybe the game was never meant to be anything more than an online flash game, and for that game, that would be ok. But to package it as a game on steam when the game has that kind of major flaw? That is entirely dev screwupEDIT 2:To show that this is not the only issue with the game, but the one that overshadows everything else into making me write a negative review, here's some critiques i gave to an idiot who has his head to far in the sand:""The fact that I cannot rely on my save game's integrity, either due to the way the game saves or the lag in a single player game that is a result of that flaw, is a HUGE deal breaker for me, the rest of the game notwithstanding. The fact that it's a rogue-like game amplifies that, as all of my progress is that much harder to replicate.And as for ""lots and lots"" of content, no offense to the devs on this one, but there just isn't. The creatures and NPCs are pretty basic, storyline is minimal, and ""completing"" this game is both unsatisfactory, and ends the game without the option of continuing, There are also many events in the game that can happen either randomly or from you entering an area that can either kill you no matter what, no matter how geared or skilled you are, just because you chose the wrong option, or even better you chose the right option and it still has a chance of instantly killing you, or can kill you due to you not having one specific item that is absolutely useless under any other curcumstances and normally just takes up space in your pack.There's also an event that only happens when you character is asleep and is basically unblockable thatleaves your character permanently blind ( a creature literally steals your eyes) and you have to move one hex at a time to the main city (which takes forever, even if you are close), while every creature and most NPCs that see you trying to murder you, and EVEN IF you make it to the city, you have to pay an ungodly amount of money for cybernetic eyes, JUST to resume your normal play.The thing is, I can look past all that, the other shortcomings of the game, and can still get enjoyment from it. If it weren't for the issues with the save files. Which is why I wrote a negative review citing the save files, because as I said, everything else I could look past as part of the challenge, dealing with a buggy and vengeful game that hates you. But the fact that on top of everything else, one of the main things you expect to have no issues with, your save file, has major issues, is a huge irritation to me.""TL/DR: The game has great potential and is fun if you don't intend to play it for long. But if you play to long the game lags, your save file gets deleted when you clean your temp internet files, and the game hates you more than dark souls"
,Recommended,248860,8712714,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,GuiJay,"THIS is the post-apocalyptic hobo life simulator you've all been waiting for. THIS is the game where you scavenge your breakfast, lunch and dinner before scavenging your bed to sleep in the middle of tin cans strung on ropes to trip would-be thieves that would steal your precious squirrel meat so painstakingly caught in the forest. THIS is the game where you scavenge a bow and night vision goggles, craft make-shift arrows and go hobo-night-rambo, looting at night and turning bandits and raiders into pincushions from afar then loot their corpses for boots to sell on the junk market to buy a greasy chicken dinner with the earned money. THIS is the game where you wear a dog-man's pelt as a war trophy as you charge at looters with your meat cleaver and crowbar to steal their junk, then sit on their corpses savouring the handful of gummy bears they had in their pockets. This is Neo Scavenger, and it's the best post-apocalyptic hobo life simulator of all time. Until Neo Scavenger 2 comes out."
76561198076285282,Recommended,248860,27420640,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,matsojr22,"Best worst game of all time!Stumble into the world like a doe eyed baby.Die.Stumble into the world with resolve you will do better.Die.Stumble into the world with the keen wit of the hobo code.Live.Kill men for their shoes.Kill forest creatures for their skin.Beg the gods for a pot.Drink tea and thank christ for your pot.You are wounded.Use what clean rags you have.One dirty rag cant hurt.Wonder what to do with a broken cell phone, save it forever.Your plastic shopping bags are your life now.That old plastic sled saved you from having to abandon all that old broken glass and string.Your last two bullets mised their mark.You re hypothermic and that dirty rag led to an infection.You stab anoter dogman to death with a crudely made spear.Text scrolls by and you watch your life fading.You survive and hide in the woods trying anything to live.Your two left shoes are killing you.You don't want to die, you arent ready yet.You light the biggest fire this forest has ever seen.The melonheads are coming.You run but they are gaining.Your wounds will not heal.Your trash is not good enough.Your hobo training has not prepared you for death.You trip and cannot get up.Dead.You enter the world with a cold sense of dread and no will to live.You begin murdering and eating humans.Your shopping cart is filled with human flesh.You are an abomination.You have no pot.You have the troubles from dirty water.Dead.You enter this world with a new resolve, you will become its master.You venture far and wide, your skills keeping you alive.Your trash is second only to the trash of a god.You buy amazing new eyes.You are friends with all civilization that remains.You are slayer of beast, mutant, and mellonhead alike.You sleep amongst a mountain of tin cans and wear two matching goddamn flip flops.You are master of the wastes.You enter the black swamp.Dead.You look around yourself and realize everyone who ever loved you has left.You have been evicted.You have lost your job.You push your shopping cart from tile to tile in real life.You fight men for cigarette lighters and for socks.You are the master of the hobo way.You are wearing two left shoes.You are already dead."
76561197976282702,Recommended,248860,14115427,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,MasterGono,"+++SPOILER WARNING+++Wanted to play the good guy, and tried to solve any potential conflict with a nice and warm greeting.After a while I couldn't find food.Decided to eat the crazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that attacked me in the afternoon.Realized that a human corpse gives a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of meat.Realized that - thanks to my trapping skills - I can cure meat and that I have enough durable food for the next ~7 days. Great! I will do that more often.After 7 days I realized that something changed...where is that ravenous appetite coming from?Running around now covered in fur, hunting innocent humans that desperately trying to escape, while pulling my shopping cart behind me full of human meat and trash.I totally recommend this game!"
76561197973818633,Recommended,248860,18722257,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,dubcee,Some things you should know:1. Brutally difficult2. Visually flat3. Amazing game play4. Combat is essentially text based so your imagination will fill in the blanks.5. You will die lots and curse this game.If you like rouge-likes play Neo Scav
,Recommended,248860,16452479,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ryz,"“How long can you survive the post-apocalyptic wastelands of NEO Scavenger?” Asks the developer.To be more precise, It’s a game that will make you cherish plastic bags more than anything else.At one time I did carry three plastic bags at once: One in each hand and one put on the shoulder. Inside these an assortment of the finest junk ever seen by man: Empty bottles, cigarette lighter, a t-shirt, twigs, a sauce pan and even more crumpled plastic bags, in case the current ones rip apart. Let me tell you, plastic bags are the superior container for almost anything you might want to carry at some point in the post-apocalypse.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2K3mihtzrAOh and don’t drink unboiled water – I did and it was a mistake. A few days later while trying to sneak up to a sleeping stranger at night (To rob him, obviously; I needed a pair of new shoes), I got diarrhea. Uncontrollable stomach cramps made me fall down and curl up into a ball. The moaning woke up the stranger who’s been in a very bad mood. I started to bleed from my nose – probably from a virus like cholera I’ve ingested by drinking the water from a pond days earlier. I was indeed particularly thirsty the last few days.The stranger sprinted towards me and a few moments later, without asking questions, he clubbed me to death with the butt of his rifle – not because of my pain, but to conserve ammo. I think it was for the best, I would have died from internal bleeding anyway. My life was over before I even knew it.The interesting part here is that all of this did not feel “unfair”; I made a mistake hours before (drinking contaminated water) and could have prevented it (by boiling the water). Even after the fact, the symptoms of dehydration gave an indication that something was wrong: I could have ingested medicine immediately, but I didn’t.It’s great that games like this are made."
76561198142711294,Recommended,248860,13974123,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Ωmega,"Neo Scavenger is like leaving school. You are thrust into the real world, with no idea what to do. Everything is strange, but you learn. You Survive. You thrive. Then you die of hypothermia."
76561198029126609,Recommended,248860,14360696,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Padishah,"If the original fallout, dayz, stalker, the original wasteland and FTL somehow managed to procreate and make a new game, that game would be NEO scavenger. A very deep and challenging game where boots are just as much a reason to be happy then finding a gun. This brutal game will kill you many many times. Perma death is the feature that is key in this game. Its probabily the most accurate representation of a post apocolyptic world and a representation on how we all would do in it...That is embarisingly bad.Probabily the best ""survival"" game out there. Alot better then the endless zombie survival games or other rubish. Plus this one has a story told somewhat in the style of dark souls. That is peicing togethere what happened to you. I managed to beat the game 14 hours in.You live, You Fight, You get dysentary then you die a horrible death."
,Recommended,248860,32049645,Posted: 29 May,all,Sneaky Mongol-Tard,Woke up in cryo stasis facilityKilled a dogmanWore its skinFound a crowbarBecame Gordan FreemanMurdered several peopleAte themCame HomeBought this gamePlayed itLoved itWrote this review
,Recommended,248860,16038778,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Conga Heli,"Day 30: found some pimp and he wanted me to give his ""lady"" some medical attention, I decided to put some dirty rags on the gaping wound. She is probably going to die of an infection, but hey he gave me 500 dollars so who's complaining?Day 40: finally got to a civilized area, I got in line to get in the city but I wasn't allowed in because I didn't have what appears to be a bracelet for cool kids. Right after that some dude with a neat hat told me to follow him, I didn't listen to him because he was boring, when he began looking at me like he wanted an answer I got nervous and shouted ""it's a trap!"", he was impressed of my trap finding skills so he gave me a cool kids bracelet or something. I put it on so I looked cool in front of the people who kicked nerds out of the line to the city, when they saw my watch they let me in. Luckily because I sold my twenty left footed gumboots and some poisonous berries I was able to afford eye surgeryDay 50: I set up three noise traps, one tarp shelter and a sleeping bag somewhere in the forest, also I killed around six Dogmen without being hit. I also learned to make tea.... that's cool right? Anyway I digress, later that day I was stabbed by some cultist from Isis or blue frog, one of those two, so I poured some boiled water onto my open wound and covered it with a clean piece of cloth. Now there is a 0% chance of getting an infectionDay 60: people started running away from me on sight, maybe it has to do with the fact I'm wearing the skin of a Dogman as a vest and squirrels as gloves not to mention I'm carrying a loaded hunting rifle while having one strapped to my back with no ammo. I also have a nifty broad spear that is covered with the blood of my past twenty or so enemies, also I have a sled with extra fire wood in itDay 65: a melon head was no nice as to bring me a shopping cart basket with no wheels! That is now where I'm going keep all 10 of my left footed shoes.I've been proceeding to kill as many evil people as I can, I don't care if they won't bother me I kill them because them because they are on my lawn, I only spare ATN warriors and any other possible neutral that is holding a gun.Day 70: Never taking my talisman off again.... Don't ask why...Day 80: Just remembered I was supposed to talk to that guy with the hat like 39 days ago. Better not go back there, instead I will go explore whatever is north from my baseDay 83: the nearest source of water is 3 hexes away, better drink my own♥♥♥♥♥♥Day 84: Note to self the yellow liquid is not♥♥♥♥♥♥ it is an energy drinkDay 85: I was almost starving to death until I came across a true messiah, a looter with tomato sauce sachets it was so nice of him to uhh… die for meDay 86: I just ate four forest hexes worth of edible berries and mushroomsDay 90: I am beginning an investment; from this day forth I swear to sell all of my Dogmen skin to replace my eyes with robotic night vision ones. Or so the people around the city for cool kids said I couldDay 100: Came back to base, I found several guns and some ammo during the scavengingDay 105: I made a sling, time to get some looters ‘stoned’Day 110: Today I was shot by a Bad Mutha who had a pistol. Rocks weren’t working so I killed him with my spear and soaked the wound with alcohol and bandaged it with clean rags. I looted his body to find he had a left footed flip flop, gummy bears and tomato sauce sachets.Day 112: my arms are moderately wounded and bleeding; I was attacked by two Dogmen during the night. Also I now have two more Dogman coats. My injuries are nothing that boiled water, bandages, rest and a little painkiller can’t fix.Day 113: my base is full of Dogman coats. I have either gotta move ‘em over to another hex or take a hike to DMC and sell them allDay 150: I can’t stand living anymore, I need to end this, I have realized this land has no hope, so why should I, tonight I take off the talisman again.END"
76561197990154744,Not Recommended,248860,13705757,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Cougarific,"I like turn-based games.  I like survival games.  I like rogue-like games.  So a turn-based, rogue-like survival game?  Sign me up!  Except not for this turn-based, rogue-like survival game please.IMHO rogue-like games like FTL and Don't Starve succeed because they're a streamlined experience, which makes ""dying part of the fun"".  Starting a new game is always exciting and you're confident you can learn from your past mistakes so you'll survive longer this time 'round.This is where NEO falls short.  The dev had a vision and built the game to match that vision.  But if his vision of a post-apocalyptic wasteland does not align with your vision of a post-apocalyptic wasteland, prepare to encounter all sorts of frustratingly illogical, immersion-breaking events.People call FTL brutally hard and overly random, but I ""get it"" - it makes sense to me when I play.  I can learn from past mistakes and play better.  NEO makes no sense to me.  The game design decisions are just weird, the interface is clunky, the graphics are grotesque.  Dying for no clear reason, when things seem to be going swimmingly right up until you die, *may* be realistic (?) in the dev's world, but not mine.You get the same kind of all-of-a-sudden deaths in Don't Starve but it's always clear that ""I shouldn't have attacked that Pig Man just for kicks"" or ""I shouldn't have tried to chop that last tree before lighting my campfire"" or ""I should have abandoned my hunt for gold and hunted berries instead, so I wouldn't starve"".Playing NEO is like being put in a straight-jacket designed by the dev.  ""Play my way or not at all"".  Okay dude - IF your way makes logical sense and there's a clear progression from A-to-B-to-C-to-You Died.   Going A-to-R-to-D-to-You Died does not help me live longer next time!So ""I shouldn't scavenge that random house the way I've scavenged every other house so far, because I should have known the roof was going to cave in""?  or ""I shouldn't have tried to run away from that particular encounter because I should have known I would trip, fall on my♥♥♥♥♥and not be able to stand up again even though I'm healthy, rested and well-fed""?  How do I avoid either of those situations next time around?  That's two of the dozens of deaths that will leave you scratching your head going ""REALLY?!?"".Forumites will tell you, take this skill, that skill and the other skill and you'll never die.  Okay, but what if I *don't want* to take those three specific skills.  What if I want to build the character *I want to play*?  In that case, prepare for many, many, many frustrating deaths because you're not playing his game the way the Dev wants you to.I don't get some of these other reviews:  ""Dogman killed me while I slept despite the fact that I put down multiple noise traps, Thumb's Up 10/10.""  WTF?  Is that a joke?  It's not helpful.  ""Stabbed a guy three times then kicked him in the head when he was down.  He was hurt, bleeding out and on the edge of unconsciousness but he got up, landed one lucky punch and I was immediately unconscious, Thumb's Up 10/10"".Troll reviews like that are turning this Reviews tab into a joke."
,Not Recommended,248860,18920988,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Chernobog,"A hardcore survivalist game. By hardcore, I'm talking perma death, just about everything can kill you easily, and you're kind of lady luck's ♥♥♥♥♥ in regards to how well you can do sometimes. That said, this is a great game. It's a thinking man's title, borderline unfair (I mean that in a begrudging good way),  and it will take you a long time to really master the concept of it. Coupled with a gigantic procedurally generated world and you'll find yourself playing a new set of variables each time, particularly as you can pick a handful of your starting skills before stepping into the frying pan that is NEO Scavenger.Story-wise, it's kind of an end of the world scenario, except more dealing with mutants, mad men, and bandits, rather than zombies. The plot is kind of backseated to the gameplay, however. I found almost all the NPCs to be universally hostile or locked into a constant fight/flight mentality. Don't expect dialogue or too much revealing information- your character wakes up as a corpsicle in a cryo vat and you're basically thrust into an unknown landscape. You have to gather what you need to survive and you need to do it FAST. Freezing to death is very easy and this game does not hold a newcomer's hand whatsoever. You will be hunted, attacked remorselessly, robbed, and yes, you can literally be killed in one round by the wrong person if you're unlucky. As such, this is about SURVIVAL. Not racking up xp and going nuts with a pea shooter.While I like NEO Scavenger, there's some things that are a needless hassle about the gameplay. The interface is extremely clunky for your items, the crafting system is a bit vague (I have a sharp edge like the recipe says... I can't harvest this dog because...?), and the biggest issue to me, is the game saves via Flash cookies, not on Steam.Imagine my disgust when I kept finding my save games erased after every play session. Hours and hours, gone. So I checked my Flash and found I had it enabled to allow cookies to be saved. So something else was deleting them. According to the developers, it could be one's antivirus or any of a number of things. With all due respect, I don't really care to go searching every minute infrastructural maintenance program I have to find out which program is deleting the cookies beyond Flash and what might need an exclusion to NEO- this should have been saved in the Steam Cloud or however many other games here do it without issue. I really REALLY wish the developers would have done something about this instead forcing the player to find a meta solution. Unfortunately, from what I've read, they're not really doing anymore updates and the game is considered completed. :/ Which is a shame, because I loved everything else about this.I would heartily recommend NEO but the issue with saves is not something I can overlook after finding this out several hours in. If the developers would or could somehow make the game save within Steam and not through cookies, I will happily change this to a Recommendation. As of now, I reluctantly can't do that."
,Recommended,248860,12964058,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Vic Vinegar - Pro Bodyguard,"I spend most of my time walking around with only one shoe on, carrying crinkled shopping bags full of cloth, litter and empty plastic bottles. One time I found a full bottle of whiskey and nearly died of excitement.I am a hobo.And this is my story."
76561198043032965,Recommended,248860,14041103,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Space Laser,"Currently, the Steam catalog is full of survival games. They just keep coming. And most of them either recieve negative or mixed reviews. (Rust, DayZ, H1Z1, The Fifth Day are a few examples.) NEO Scavenger will not let you down. It's a survival game that actually works and keeps you interested. Every single playthrough will be different."
,Recommended,248860,13409634,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,XVI - The Tower,Beating another human being to death for their shoes has never been so fun.
,Recommended,248860,32605646,Posted: 20 June,all,Coneberry,"Going around with my trusty shotgun, hunting Dogmen for fur and meat, making a livingSee an unarmed bandit running around DMCwe don't tolerate your type around here.Decide to save ammo for Dogmen only since a shell costs $50Place the shotgun in my cart and take outThe CleaverAs i approach him, he starts booking itI let go of my cart in an attempt to outrun him♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ manages to retreatI ain't giving up! Start to chase him through the woodsHe jukes me around the forest back to where i left all my stuffI remember i left my shotgun thereHe takes my fully loaded Cathcart North ""Perforator"" 12-gauge pump-action shotgun and blows my legs off.I swear, these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s are smarter than you'd think!"
76561198082886959,Recommended,248860,8317823,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Cassin,"Today I lived for 6 days and 15.8 hours.  I will play again soon. What if I could live for a week or a month?  What if I could make it to the ""glow""?  What if there is actually an end to this game?  I need not guides -- I like grit.  I like randomly dying from cardiac arrest.  I like knowing that I will FREEZE TO DEATH -- if I'm running around outside naked like an idiot.  I like knowing that at the end of the session my decisions mattered.  Sometimes it feels a bit like RNG might be getting me down...but mostly its just challenging.  I keep living long enough to get more tidbits of the story.  I see something new each time I play.  If you want instant gratification...this game might not be for you.  If you want a game where choices matter and death is permanent, try it."
76561198066276553,Recommended,248860,19348732,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Jollyroger,"This has to be one of the most frustrating and evil games I have ever played.And I can't get enough.Other games coddle and actively try to help the player survive in their ""hostile"" post-apocalyptic world (I'm talking to you, fallout). This one will crush you time after time until you're ready to throw your computer out of the window. If you like games that really give you a challenge, pick this game up."
76561197977569267,Recommended,248860,13653900,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,endoric,"OK first off this game... i don't know how to say this.... they are thieves... Time thieves to be exact.  So I buy this game for a fair price, but that seems to be the trap.  See that’s how they get you.  They make a reasonably priced game and the game is well made don’t get me wrong, however that’s where the plot thickens.Before you know it, you pay for the game, load it up and poof… 5 hours gone.  You don’t seem to notice it but you go to work the next day when you get home your soon looking around and wondering how in the world is another 5 hours just… gone.  One moment my wife is yelling at me and 5 hours later she is snoring in the other room but I never noticed.How did they do that and how do I sue?Thank you for a great game."
,Recommended,248860,17163197,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Crake,Imagine Civ 5. Now imagine instead of an empire you just have one crazy homeless guy who's carrying a shopping cart filled with empty soda bottles and dirty rags. That's exactly what this game is. It's amazing.
,Recommended,248860,13839335,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,MSI LAPTOP tdogredman,"A very unique gameplay experience. Here was my first time playing.Day 1:What is this place? Oh interesting. So we have cryo chambers. this game is pretty nic-OH MY GOD WHAT IS THAT*uses the power of nature to kill a lethal creature*cool.*climbs out window and doesnt bleed from chards for some reason*Time to explore.*time passes*ooh, whats this? I'm...shivering?Huh I better find clothes.*time passes*I'm thirsty? better drink this river water.{PLAYER HAS DIAREHHA}WHAT? WHEN DID THIS HAPPEN?*time passes*Oh god im freezing to death and now im hungry.*night time*I'll sleep in this abandoned office building.{PLAYER HAS DIED FROM HYPOTHERMIA}Wow.Very tough and will take many tries to actually live long.I think this game is a ""Don't Starve"" like game where you try to avoid dying as long as possible. It's going to happen. It's rogue-like and very tough. Whether you die from Hunger, Thirst, Hypothermia, or Diarrhea, this game will still be memorable.PROS AND CONS:----------------------------------------+ Customizable stats. You can be very tough or an electrician, whatever floats your boat.+ Very hard. This game shows no mercy and shoves you right in. (googling crafting tutorials might be smart)+ Crafting. This game is full of unique crafting where you can craft anything from a fire to a wheelbarrow.+ Interacting with others. It feels like it isnt just you out there. The world is bustling with Raiders, Looters, and nice people who you can kill, steal from, or just say hi to.+ Strategical fighting. The first game I've ever seen with a ""Threaten"" option in the middle of combat.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Single Player only. This game would be boring with multiplayer, but I wanted to note this just in case you didnt know.- Loot Spawning. Sometimes you'll find nothing in a locked shed. Sometimes in an empty field you'll find a loaded shotgun. The loot spawns sometimes are unrealistic.- 2D artstyle. I personally am ok with the 2D, but it must be noted you are buying a 2D game.- Unusual death. Sometimes you will be well fed, well quenched, and well slept, but die in your sleep from a monster.I overall would give this game an 8/10."
,Recommended,248860,23804845,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,applebaps,"When I originally bought this game several years ago, it was on a random whim during a sale.  I played it for about 15 minutes, and was so turned off by the way it looks and the unintuitive interface that I pretty much immediately uninstalled it.  This was a big mistake.I recently re-installed it, determined to give it another shot, and what I discovered, underneath the (genuinely off-putting) flash game look and feel, is a game of truly staggering complexity and compelling depth.NEO Scavenger is a game in which you can wrap a rag around your face when exploring buildings to avoid inhaling toxic mold, pry open the lock on a storage shed with your crowbar, find an empty soup can and a left shoe, and pump your fists into the air in triumph IRL because now you won't have to worry about getting blistered feet, and you can boil the water you've been finding to make it safe for consumption.  Now, if only you had some pants...Similarly, no other game has ever filled me with such joy and sheer relief at finding an adult-sized backpack.  Such an item enables you to carry enough wood and water that you don't have to keep stopping every few spaces to make camp, and you can make much better time on foot towards that mysterious glow in the East!One game, I was attacked by a feral dog, who I beat to death with my bare hands, falling down into the mud and becoming exhausted.  Using a shard of glass, I skinned the beast after it died from internal hemmorhaging brought on by my pummeling.  I took its meat and cooked it over a fire, overjoyed that I'd figured out how to do so.  Delicious, life-giving dog meat.  I used its hide to wrap around the glass shards and make a crude shiv, not knowing what else to do with it.  I was then set upon by a bandit who'd heard my struggles with the dog, to whom I surrendered, knowing I stood no chance.  He left me naked and near death from hypothermia.  I ran into the woods and quickly built a fire as night fell, plotting my revenge, sleeping fitfully on the ground.  When dawn broke, I went to the nearest building and by sheer chance, found some clothing and a crowbar.  I went in search of the bandit who took my dog meat, only to find him dead near some other buildings.  The wastes are cruel indeed.If you miss Wasteland 1, if you think Fallout 2 really badly needed detailed wound dressing and immune system mechanics, this is the game for you.  It would be really nice if you could choose to play as a woman, but privately I suspect that the creator didn't want to deal with modeling pregnancy or the menstrual cycle.  Can't say as I blame him."
76561198052477718,Recommended,248860,16278862,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,nab117,"NEO Scavenger is a really intense survival game. You can make a character based off of different skills and survival tactics. Depending on what you chose, your experience with the game will change. If you take Medical Knowledge, you can tend your wounds faster, or if you take Melee, you will be able to fight better.It's a very brutal and unforgiving game. If you mess up, it could cost you your life. Perma-death is a thing so you really want to be careful.  The descriptions of what you do in combat is very descriptive and really helps with immersion.Pros:- It's very fun- Rewarding if you come across some good gear- Very realistic in the mechanicsCons:- no animations or visuals during combat- Purely text based (could be a good thing if you like that, I do)- near impossible on your first few lives.- UI takes some time to get used toOver all, it's a very brutal, but fun survival game, and I am really glad that I got it. If you enjoy wilderness survival games, this one will not dissapoint you."
76561198003933858,Recommended,248860,13385240,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Butter My Waffle,"Quite frankly, one of the best inventory-management/suruvival games I've ever played. It'll scratch that OCD itch once you learn the quirks and nuances of gameplay. To top it off, it's highly replayable. This is due to the high rate of death/failure, until you learn just how the world and its random events and distributions work."
76561197976682879,Not Recommended,248860,28192739,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,steevm,"I don't think this is a bad a game per se, I think it is a game that suffers from poor design choices that make it a lot less fun than it could be with just a little more thought and understanding of what makes a game fun. The basic premise is promising - post-apocalyptic survivor wakes up with nothing and is left to fend for themselves.Unfortunately, you are totally at the mercy of the RNG in this game, meaning that one bad result = game over. Given how almost all mechanics apart from crafting in the game are RNG-based, that means a lot of die rolls and a lot of potential for that one unlucky roll to come up. This is particularly evident in combat, where one lucky roll/critical hit means game over. You can mitigate this somewhat by trying to avoid combat. But you will not be entirely able to avoid combat and retreating is, you guessed it, RNG-based.Now of course, RNG-based games always feature bad luck - it's what the R stands for after all. What separates the wheat from the chaff (and where NEO Scavenger desperately falls short) is whether you can recover from ""bad luck"", i.e. to what extent you are at the mercy of factors outside of your control. Good games always give the player a sense of control over their own destiny – even if the RNG is brutal. When I play something like nethack and die, I normally think, ""had I done XYZ differently, I might have survived "".NEO Scavenger is far too unforgiving in this respect. A single hit can one-shot you. An unlucky stumble in combat can mean game over. However much you can hedge your bets, the nature of a RNG means that at some point youwillbe unlucky. When I die in NEO Scavenger I think, “had the RNG been kinder, I might have survived”. That's a bad sign.This is a real shame, because the combat in itself is interesting and tactical enough to be engaging initially. But a few games in, and combat no longer interests me. Why not just throw a die at the start and see if I get one-shotted and save me the hassle of trying to be tactical/retreat? This sums up my core problem with NEO Scavenger: it feels like the game is a single dice throw that simply determines how and when you will die; not whether you will die. And that's why it’s not fun.Other ways to die include dying of hypothermia (= the RNG didn’t spawn enough clothes in the first ~10 turns), infected wounds (=the RNG didn’t spawn a fire-proof canister for boiling water; or alcohol) etc. It’s essentially a glorified version of Snakes & Ladders or Ludo, games determined purely by luck of the dice.There are a number of other obvious flaws that would be forgivable if the game itself was fun: Flash is a terrible choice of platform, there are several bugs still in the game (e.g. the act of changing, not wearing, footwear gives you blisters; visual glitches) and the interface (particularly crafting) is clunky to say the least. But none of this would matter if the core game was actually fun."
,Recommended,248860,28679233,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,WindRider739,"Hands down one of the best games out there.It's like a single-player Rust roguelike set in a Fallout style post-apocalyptic wasteland with a dash of dwarf fortress adventure mode.Outstanding but not overbearing or mandatory story. You can just ignore it and survive, or you can persue it and enjoy the eerie and compelling narrative.Incredible, constantly changing and progressing combat. Tons of variables including fatigue, damage type, range, and even intimidation make sure that the combat stays complex, deep into the game.The graphics might look off-putting at first, but they're exactly where they need to be. After five minutes of play, you're completely immersed.Salvaging is wonderful. Do I explore the crumbling apartment building? It might collapse. I could use a torch so I can see better and maybe not hurt myself, but then it's more likely that something angry will see the light and come for me.I can't give it enough praise. I don't play single players games, but I LOVE playing this and comparing stories with my friends.The only bad thing I can say about this game is that the crafting system is a bit clunky, and a lot of things aren't explained as well as they could be. This is however quickly remedied with the wiki.9 out of 10."
,Recommended,248860,13859763,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,snargleplax,"NEO Scavenger is a deep and thoughtful turn-based survival/exploration game with an addictive, ruthless roguelike play style.  You will awaken, helpless and practically naked, in a hostile world.  You will scrounge through ruins for scraps you can cobble together into gear (with one of the best crafting systems I've seen anywhere).  You will encounter hostile inhabitants, maybe kill them, probably die anyway of festering wounds.  Then, you'll play again."
76561198128417704,Recommended,248860,14287498,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,zakco123,Amazing Game. The overall gameplay is amazing. Love the fact that you are not invincible and there is more ways to die than just getting shot. This game is hard but it being hard makes the game more fun. I would love to see this game become local multiplayer. As this game continues to evolve I will support it all the way.Beware of the Blue Rot it is almost certain death!I am addicted to this game I almost have 200 hours on record!
,Recommended,248860,10331711,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Unamused Cat,"I purchased this game after playing the free demo and reading off a note on Darkwood's page from a developer stating its awesomeness. I was not let down. On the surface it looks a little confusing, but even in alpha state there's a lot of depth, a huge crafting list, very few bugs and a fun, immersive atmosphere. Your choices feel extremely important all the way through, and the realism of some of the crafting and health mechanics is wonderful.If you like survival games, are tired of zombies and enjoy being more tactical, this turn-based apocalyptic survival sim will become one of your favorites."
,Recommended,248860,25482491,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,fleur,"NEO Scavenger is something of an oddity among survival games, in that it is extremely good. It's an intriguing mashup of genres - take The Road crossed with The Mist with a little dash of Blade Runner and throw in a sprinkling of cryptozoology and Unsolved Mysteries and you've got NEO Scavenger in a nutshell. It works extremely well despite this hodgepodge of influences, and the world at no point feels contrived or artificial.In any case, I'm getting ahead of myself: at the beginning of the game, none of this concerns you. Waking up in a deserted cryo-facility three-quarters naked and knowing nothing but your name, your most immediate priority is survival. You have several routes to achieve this, but all of them involve the same basic points: eat, drink, sleep, stay warm, don't get sick and don't get wounded, and if you do get wounded, take care of yourself promptly.You accomplish this basic survival through two main methods. The first is scavenging, which involves travelling across the hex-based overworld map, choosing a tile to scavenge, and then choosing a specific location within that tile to scour, and at last choosing what abilities and items you'll use in the process. The yields are seldom all that great, but this is the game where you will feel exuberantly grateful for plastic shopping bags, worn flip flops, plastic bottles and old pots - where an intact shopping cart by comparison is an unimaginable score. Most of these things you use in crafting, in which you turn things you find into marginally more useful things.If it sounds easy, believe me when I say it's not. Comestibles are scarce, and there's only so much nutrition you can get out of 50-year-old bags of chips and snack cakes. The pressing threat of starvation can lower you to the point where you're wandering across the land eating every little thing that seems the least bit edible to buy a few more hours of life, a threatening prospect when your character lacks the botanical skill to identify poisonous foodstuffs.What to do when you run into a stray feral dog thus becomes a no-brainer. When pressed enough, you might even contemplate the unthinkable. Encounters with both animals, people andother thingsare both somewhat rare and appropriately tense. You most often can't judge a person's intentions by sight alone, and trying to talk things out can leave you extremely vulnerable if they turn out hostile. In some cases, if you stumble onto a face-to-face encounter with someone, you may not even try to talk, given that even that moment of hesitation would be enough for them to stick a meat cleaver in your skull.The combat in this game is a little bit of an odd duck. It's a bit similar to the original Wasteland, turn based, highly abstracted and without a tactical map - every enemy has a number representing their distance from you, and you have a number of options - advance or fall back, charge or run away. If your target is within range of your weapon, you can attack, and you can pull various special maneuvers or defensive moves depending on the circumstances. It can get a bit mechanical if you know what you're doing and are fairly well kitted, but when you're more down on your luck it can be fairly exciting in an 'oh god please let me live through this' sort of way, as playing it safe can become less justified if it means prolonging an encounter where every moment threatens death. Altogether though, the combat lacks dilemmas, in that there is almost always an objectively optimal action to take in each given situation. Not that it doesn't still have interesting situations - enemies with guns are an interesting example, as you have to weigh the possibility that they're bluffing with that of them actually having bullets and plan accordingly, and this is after all a game where you can win the fight but die slowly and painfully in your camp of an infected cut, huddled up in a sweaty sleeping bag and shivering with fever.Death, I should mention, comes easy and takes many forms, if that wasn't already clear. If a scavenger stumbled onto your camp while you sleep, there's little you can do. Even if you manage to wake in time, you might be better off running blindly rather than risking a fight in the dark. But you don't need to fight to die. Cholera, food poisoning, diarrhea, infection, hypothermia, exposure to chemicals, yet more exotic diseases - there's plenty of ways to die and none of them are pleasant. One of my bigger problems with the game plays into this - there's certain encounters where you're given choices that can kill you instantly. On one hand, this makes every choice feel grave. On the other, it's kind of a cheap shot, and you can suffer immense penalties from consequences you had no way of foreseeing.One of the things that I found immensely interesting as a possible consequence of the above is how the wasteland comes to warp your sense of morality. Whereas in other games you might be inclined to do good because you think you're a good person, here, the stress of constantly looming starvation, predation by other humans and the ease with which death comes can make you rather disinclined to stick your neck out for others. Even if you throw a good deed or two out now and then, putting yourself in harm's way for someone else's benefit is not something that the world encourages. If you find yourself in a state of pressing enough need, you might even find reason to screw an innocent over for your own benefit. Once you're put in that situation, you kind of start to sympathize with all the people trying to kill you for your stuff. At the very least, you can't really blame them any more, not when they're in the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥ situation as you. In that way, the game is an excellent illustration of how irrelevant morality becomes when survival is at stake, and the horror that results from that.The game does have story, I should mention, and even a vague sort of plot. The writing is very good, the world building is great and the atmosphere is amazing. I should warn you that this game is incredibly bleak - it's not the sort of wacky post-apocalyptic amusement park of the more recent Fallout games, or even the relative optimism of the originals and FONV - it is a world of misery, starvation, murder, cannibalism, despair, negligence, scarcity and extinction. It isn't actively malicious, the depiction of suffering is not gratuitous - the world is callously indifferent, and this comes across in the writing marvelously. The world doesn't center around the protagonist, and for most purposes you're just another wasteland ragman whom nobody gives a hoot about. Some locations and encounters could have used a little more fleshing out - in one particular instance I imagined that my character could have the opportunity to finally get some answers about the state of things in the world, but to my disappointment I couldn't even ask about even the littlest point of interest. Incidentally, I found that the odd bits of old newspaper offering scattered details about the world's backstory far more interesting than the plot involving the protagonist's past.In that vein, one of my bigger problems was a relative lack of content. There's plenty for the price, but a few more locations, conversations, quests, NPCs, cryptids to encounter and supernatural horrors would have done wonders for a relatively small investment. In the course of my first successful playthrough, I've seen just about everything there is from one point of view. There's still time to start new playthroughs and see how things turn out for different choices and to explore bits of missed content, but overall there's still less than I'd have liked, in an ideal world.Ultimately though, NEO Scavenger was one of my favourite video game experiences of recent memory. It's engaging and atmospheric, and weaves gameplay and narrative seamlessly together. More games should try to be like NEO Scavenger."
76561198086679404,Recommended,248860,12591121,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Chris,"I see lights off in the distance. I make my way toward them, starving and shivering. I learn to light a fire to keep warm and then attract a monster which proceeds to chew my face off.I start over.I head toward the lights again, this time I have a spear and can eat berries to stay hydrated and full. I drink some water which makes me crap my pants. I die in a pool of poo.I start overI do all the above but make a point of boiling my water. I finally make it to the city, eat a meal that I cannot possibly pay for and do a runner.10/10Would run again."
76561198028039312,Recommended,248860,13706143,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,thegodsend,"Best survival game ever.1st life: tried to make a feral dog my companion then died2nd life: couldn’t find any food other than berries and mushrooms then died.3rd life: ran into a fellow surviver. He wasn't so nice, then died.4th life: Mellon Heads are mean… Then died.5th life: Hiding behind cover didn’t work,then died.6th life: couldn’t find cloths or fire to keep warm and died.7th life: it didn’t stop raining so i got hypothermia and died8th life: i tied to beat the crap out of a bad mutha but kept missing due to loss of blood and died.9th life: some guy with a crow bar tried to attack me. After beating the crap out of him he ran so i tackled him and kicked him in the head till he died. I then cut him up into little tiny pieces, took his crowbar and moved on. 2 mellow heads found me, i beat them with the crow bar, cut them up, put them in a shopping cart i found, cooked them and ate them. Got in another fight, crushed his head, cut him up, and kept his meat around for later. Some guy with a .308 rifle heard me looting and followed my tracks. He shot me in the gut while i ran at him. I ducked behind some cover and bandaged up before moved up from cover to cover until i could stab him with a pointy stick. I killed the guy with the gun and survived the gunshot wound only to later die from it getting infected.Long story short, get a melee skill. You'll need it. You'll die a lot but eventually you'll get lucky, kill someone, and eat their corpse for survival. This game is really hardcore survival so prepare to cry a little bit. Just keep strong, never loose hope, have fun and just maybe you'll survive.Cons:-Theres lots of BAD random encounters that you want to try your luck on but DONT. If something even SEEMS like a bad idea. Thats because it is and you WILL DIE.-i wish is was a mobile app so i could play it all day."
76561197980238865,Not Recommended,248860,13081675,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Blarghalt,"This game is *almost* good, but like many roguelikes I've seen come around, the devs ultimately seemed more concerned with making the game hard than making the game fun. Most interactions with this game are like this:Player: Oh boy, I found a gun!NEO Scavenger: But you didn't find any clothes in the first two turns, so I'm going to have to kill you.or:Player: Oh boy, clothes *and* guns!NEO Scavenger: Guess what? Disease time! Have fun dying from something completely out of your control!I understand the need for realism, but there's a point where that has to bow to gameplay and NEO Scavenger just often kills the player out of nowhere and pisses away a few hours of progress. Oh yeah, this game is permadeath-only, which already alienates everyone who actually likes not losing hours of progress due to unfair BS.There should be challenges, yes, but the player should never be put in a unwinnable situation if they themselves weren't the ones who put themselves in it. I'd be a bit more forgiving if this game HAD A PROPER SAVE SYSTEM, but since it doesn't, I can't forgive it for destroying several playthroughs simply because I rolled a bad number."
,Recommended,248860,33937910,Posted: 31 July,all,Darkest Tears,"Brief introductionI usually don't write reviews. To be honest, I don't at all. But this game, this marvelous ♥♥♥♥ing piece of game deserves 15 minutes of my non-precious time.Pros- Realistic crafting: this game takes it to a whole new level. Want to craft a noise trap but you don't have pebbles? Don't worry, you can use lighters, AA batteries or anything that is small and heavy. Want to cook meat in a fire but you don't a stick? No problem, you can do it with a ♥♥♥♥ing crowbar, HECK, even with a ♥♥♥♥ing shotgun. The choices are infinite. You don't need the exact items to craft a recipe, you can always find a substitute that suits best your situation- Realistic diseases/poison/bleeding/freezing system: I won't discourse much on this one, since it's auto-explanatory.- Inventory management: This games takes it really serious too, whereas different types of items ocupy different sizes on your bag, but still taking account their weight, encumbering you even if your bag is not full.- The environment IS harsh: Even if you have rifles and shotguns, there's a big chance you can die if caught off guard, you will never find yourself in peace in this game- The skills/flaws system is so ♥♥♥♥ing good: Different skills have different impact on your choices through the game. SEVERELY.- Your choices DO matter: Never choose an option without thinking first, otherwise the world will punish you pretty bad.- The world is not centered on you: A lot of stuff happens on Neo Scavenger world, and much of it don't care about the player, pretty much like in a real dystopian world.- There's A LOT to discover in the game, there's A LOT of random encounters and A LOT of lore to unravel.- There's a lot of liberty on this game. You can join factions, act evil, act good, help people, kill people, be neutral. Your choice.The only conCamp Grayling endings will make you mad as ♥♥♥♥OVERALL, this games deserves a whooping 9.8/10, the best survival game I ever played in my entire ♥♥♥♥ing life."
76561198046556564,Recommended,248860,29059215,Posted: 6 January,all,Toast for Dinner,"Let me just say this at the outset: even though I've put more than 50 hours into NEO Scavenger, I still haven't beaten the game. Not because it's dense (it is), not because it requires you to wrestle with brutal RNG (it does), and not because it can kill you whenever it darn well pleases even after hours of scavenging and gearing up (it can--and it will). I haven't beaten this game simply because I haven't felt the need.There is a story here: after picking your traits (ranging from combat and technical expertise to wilderness lore) and weaknesses (like nearsightedness and physical fragility) you wake up in a cryogenic facility in a world struck by a mysterious apocalypse. At first you have nothing but your name, a hospital gown, and a mysterious amulet. But with a lot of scavenging and a lot more luck, you can find and craft the gear necessary to fend off the raiders, disease-ridden cultists, and horrifying creatures that roam the wilds as you search for your identity and uncover the secrets of the world.The game is broken up into two sections: the hex-based overworld and text-based encounters. On the overworld, you move from hex to hex to get from Point A to Point B, stopping at urban hexes to scavenge for items and wilderness hexes to scavenge/hunt for food. When you enter the same hex as an NPC, you initiate an encounter in which you can choose to offer a ceasefire and go your separate ways, or engage in combat (the more likely event). Scavenging, combat, and most story events are presented in a choose-your-own-adventure-style: the situation is explained to you in detail and you can decide from a number of options (others being open or closed to you depending on your traits and equipment). Most choices you make are basically dice rolls. In combat, for example, dodging and attacking requires you to roll your luck against your opponent. Actions that are unlocked by specific traits or items (for example, luring an enemy into a trap with your trapping skill) are always successful.But because of the nature of the game, it doesn't always matter how careful and prepared you are: you can and will be one-shotted by powerful enemies. Even average enemies can kill you if they sneak up on you in your sleep, or get lucky with a good strike, or if you fall during combat and can't manage to get up. And if you die, that's it. You have to start from the beginning.So with that said, if you get this game and want to beat it, prepare to be frustrated. Prepare to lose a lot of important rolls. Prepare to get a game over based on trial and error in which a single choice leads to your death without any warning or indication beforehand. And if none of these things bother you, then prepare for a lot of reading and a lot of experimentation just to find out how to craft a decent starting weapon or light a fire.If, however, you're like me and don't care about finishing the game, then you will find a surprisingly satisfying survival simulation with brutal combat and a crafting system that will make you feel like a genius. It's perfectly possible to ignore the main quest, set up camp somewhere, and live day by day off the land and your luck. In fact, I'd suggest you do this for your first few playthroughs--even if you ultimately want to beat the game--because you'll learn what works and what doesn't.Here's the bottom line: NEO Scavenger is a dense game that doesn't have much in the way of flash. But it's got a lot of depth and surprising complexity. It's a game that relies a lot on luck; you can fight and kill a giant man-wolf-beast with a spear, then die the next day because of some bad water. But this can be mitigated to some extent by knowledge, which you will only gain from playing--and dying--a lot."
76561198089146886,Recommended,248860,34148697,Posted: 10 August,all,Dwarven Potato csgo-raffle.com,"Cruel, Unforgiving Masterpiece of a game"
76561198026525347,Not Recommended,248860,15069797,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,NeroAmatam,"Alright, look. I love the game. I do, really. It's awesome, it's fun, it's addictive, and honestly it could teach people a few things about surviving in such a situation that they can't depend on society anymore. Almost all the techniques in the game are solid survival techniques that could very well save your life in the real world. But after a series of deaths before I could even get enough supplies to make the journey east (which I understand is a roguelike feature, but bear with me.), I felt the need to write this review.One word, ladies and gentlemen: Yezinka. There's only one of them in the game world, and it wanders the map until it encounters your player. When it does, it hovers around in the hexes around you, and waits for you to inevitably have to sleep. You can't kill it by jumping it during the day because it can manage to sprint somewhere around 12 paces per move, while you can manage at best 4. It's also very difficult to hit with ranged weaponry (never got to try melee). Now here's the lemon in the wound: When you go to sleep, it immediately beelines for you, and steals your eyes. You can do NOTHING about it. You get around two turns, which is enough to stand up and start to look for it, and suddenly your eyes are gone. You can't do anything to recover them unless you've happened to encounter this late in the game and are near the city, and have been hoarding enough cash for cybersurgery. I say you need to be near the city because the condition ""No Eyes"" seems to flag you and every single enemy creature on the map drops what they're doing and attempts to kill you. I made a valiant effort and managed to kill two bandits and a dog before I was just overwhelmed with going into a new battle every turn (every other turn very VERY occasionally). Maybe if I were given a chance to pack up the things I had and try to luck my way to the city and sell everything I had for a single eye, I wouldn't have such a problem with this. Maybe if I were allowed to live for a bit and get a balancing attribute after a few turns that mitigated the fact that I can't see anymore, that'd be fine too. But as it is, if luck allows this broken monstrosity to seek you out without being killed by other wild animals or lucky NPCs, you are screwed, and there's no preparation at all that you can attempt to save yourself. I cannot in good conscience recommend any game that has a chance of giving the player such an enormous middle finger. But if you can get past that and you think it's not something that will bother you, then buy this game. The Yezinka is an enormous infected zit on the face of an otherwise outstanding game."
76561198150634891,Recommended,248860,26355174,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Coolgat3,"NEO Scavenger is a kind of game where you need to keep an eye on everything, your wounds, your diseases, your equipment, hunger, thirst. It might give you a feeling the game is just another boring survival, but this is something that is worth checking out. It's half text based, but it has inventory managing and all that stuff a cool RPG game should have. In NEO Scavenger you don't level up or train, you are the human you always been, and no matter if you are unarmed, or have a full equipment including a shotgun, someone might come at night and butcher you in your sleep just because you forgot to set up that noise trap. It's a 100% survival game."
,Recommended,248860,13620612,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,It's Octember,"Ran around wearing a t-shirt, hospital gown, and one flip-flop, carrying a rifle and a plastic bag. Got knocked to the ground by a guy with a frying pan, kicked in the head repeatedly, and then died of diarrhea. 11/10"
,Recommended,248860,24325299,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Snake Guy,"PROS:-Extreme, realistic difficulty-Combat based not of numbers, but on actual damage (bleed, bludgeon, bruising, etc)-Realistic inventory (weight and size)-Plenty of viable set-ups-Ultra-high risk, high reward gameplayCONS:-only 15 skill points, but dozens of useful skills (more of a pet peeve)-a bit too much RNG-easily get screwed over because you didnt know something-inventory space managment is a bit wonky; most items take up more room than they appear they shouldOVERALL: Extremely hard game, but it just works. 8/10."
76561198042228233,Recommended,248860,12875327,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Red-_-Monkey,"In the 1st 24 hours of buying this I added it to my favourites list. It's one of those games, if you're not playing it, you're thinking about playing it, you lay in bed wanting to get to sleep faster so you can wake up sooner and play it for longer."
76561198118479705,Recommended,248860,32693626,Posted: 23 June,all,Trigger Happy Penguin,"Great game, very difficult and complex. While having some good old fashioned luck will always make a difference, I always felt in control of my decions. This game brought me on to the permadeath system and alowed mw to sink countless hours into in the process. I hope this game has successors which can really improve on what this game has introduced, but for now I recomend you enjoy this affordable exelent game."
76561198046115848,Recommended,248860,19702149,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,kingsmainman,"NEO Scavenger is not without its faults. The crafting system is tedious to sort through and use repeatedly, and the game doesn't always give you a fair shake- I remember one run specifically in which my character froze to death before he could find clothes, another where he was killed instantaneously by an assailant he never saw, and for the love of God, NEVER, EVER TAKE OFF THE AMULET YOU START WITH. Just... DON'T do it.That being said, I can recommend NEO Scavenger regardless because, even in spite of some debatably fair play, I'm still coming back to it, because I don't want it to beat me. That feeling is the hallmark of all true roguelikes."
,Recommended,248860,22479886,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Schleem,"If you're looking for an intense, unforgiving turn-based isometric strategy surivival game with perma-death I recommend you give this a try, although I do recommend picking it up when it's on sale, $15,- seems a bit of a steep price in my opinion.You start off the game by creating your character, selecting strenghts and weaknesses, after which the proverbial♥♥♥♥♥♥immediately hits the fan.You find yourself just awoken from cryo-sleep in a facility when you notice a strange-looking beast approaching you. You can deal with this using strenghts you've previously selected, after taking care of the wolf-like creature you start to wonder where you are, or who you are, you remember next to nothing, and as you set foot outside the facility you notice everything has changed, buildings are in poor condition, and there are no signs of life to be found.You must scavenge for survival, your first order of business is protecting yourself from the elements, finding clothes is your #1 priority. After getting yourself warmed up and safe from hypothermia, you should probably find a way of protecting yourself, and scavenging for weapons can be a tedious task, but the excitement you get from finding a mint-condition rifle or shotgun is more than worth it, I won't spoil any more of the game, but I will say this: it's extremely unforgiving and I myself have never survived for more than 25 days, unraveling quite a portion of the story, but not close to all of it.TL;DRNEO Scavenger is an unforgiving and exciting survival game, and I'd definitely recommend it if you're a fan of the genre, but you will die. A LOT.Happy scavenging ;)"
76561198126325534,Recommended,248860,30182565,Posted: 25 February,all,Teenage dirtbag,"7:37 P.M: *Dies of cholera* ugh alright one more game7:38 P.M: *Dies of hypothermia* wHaT!  Alright one more2:30 A:M next day: *Dies of cardiac arrest* Fine, one more gameVery fun and addictive survivial game. Definately a must have, try the demo if you're still iffy about it."
,Recommended,248860,12500534,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Dr.StrangeLove,Hunting Rifle with strap and scope: $500Pair of mismatch shoes:  $60Bottle of Wolverine Black: $200Being beaten to death in your sleep by hobo who wants to steal your stuff and eat you: Priceless11/10
76561198028602000,Recommended,248860,23427349,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,paddy,"Could not stop playing Neo Scavenger for weeks after picking it up. Can't recommend it highly enough. Aside from having solid gameplay/balance, it also checks off some of these important boxes for a survival game:-frequent painful death (took me a dozen playthroughs to survive past a few days)-lots of clutter to collect, most of which has use based on your strategy-meaningful loadout variety (very different strategies/experience based on initial skill choices)-compelling story progression; you'll get a bit further each time before dying or making an irreversible poor choice-does a good job of setting an ominous dystopian post-apocalyptic wasteland cyperpunk toneIn terms of critique, I have to admit it does feel a bit sparse in terms of core content. Not only does the excellent foundation beg for an expansion of material (you could say that about any quality game), but certain items, mechanics, and gameplay elements clearly feel unfinished. The main story line is short as well, but feels much longer than it is because of how hard it is to progess through it without dying. Luckily there is a small but active modding community that has done some impressive things to expand the game in terms of content as well as mechanics.Anyway, Neo Scavenger isn’t perfect but as one of the few games I’ve ever purchased at full price, I’m comfortable saying its worth it."
76561197998255146,Recommended,248860,8021429,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,klod,"This game surprised me in a possitive way! A game that is really challenging, hard even, and unforgiving if you make a misstake. Gives room for lot of experimentation with your character.+ Turn based (if you like that)+ Post apocalyptic (if you like that)+ hard+ high replay value+ One of those games that tempt you to smack the screen...- There should be more items and skills (its a early access however)- No personal high score list or history feature (early access)- Im struggling to figure out negative things about the game really... its good!"
76561198025604634,Recommended,248860,13951741,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,starkwolf,"Very fun game. Honestly, there isn't really much I would recommend that the developers change, they were very thorough in making this game. Certainly nothing game-breaking (so far). Bugs are non-existant as far as I can tell.* Lot's of fun for the file size. It has a sense of brutality without relying on gore to get the message across.I recommend when you play this game that you do *not* look anything up first. The game is intuitive, and a great deal  of fun can be had by messing up. This is a great game for just getting on and having fun.If I had to think of a downside, it would be difficult but I would say there are two. The first would be that it is simple, and those that want fancy 3d graphics or a complex game should look to a different genre altogether. Second would be replayability. It has a good story, but there is something disappointing about each part of the story fleshed out: that's one fewer mystery for later. Of course, you can say that about any story-oriented game.Again, I would say that the keyword here is intuitive. Easy to pick up the mechanics, more difficult to use them effectively, but overally the difficulty is anywhere from mild to moderate. This isn't an 'easy' game per-se, but it certainly isn't hard. It is a game where risk and reward are both quite high in most encounters. A small slip up can cost you dearly, a well timed strike can earn you incredibly useful loot, so long as you have the space to carry it all. By far the most scarce resource in the game is space. You can't carry everything you find in the beginning, so deciding what is most valuable can be a very tough decision.All of the above serve to make it the ideal rogue-like game IMO.*EDIT: About the bugs, I should mention that there is a minor graphics bug where items will appear partly off-screen, and cannot be selected from boxes. This is uncommon, however, and easily fixed by switching between fullscreen and minimized (you can end in whatever screen you prefer). Probably not worth mentioning except that I had said ""Bugs are non-existant as far as I can tell.""EDIT 2: One other critisism: This game does not offer difficulty settings at this time. Initially, it seems difficult. After a few hours, it does seem slightly easy. Hopefully that will change in time, but with a sense of ease often comes recklessness (at least in my case), counteracting any potential for this game to become boring. It still remains a very fun game, and I look forward to updates."
76561198043907405,Recommended,248860,21803160,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Outrageous Cucumber,"This is a good game let me tell you why as I recall the last moments of my last life:I had kept this character alive and well for a good 15ish days when suddenly in the middle of nowhere he began vomiting. I was worried but I had some Antacids on me so I swallowed them and kept going unknowing of what was happening. about a day later I saw I had a disease called 'blue rot' it was stage three. Having no clue of what this was and fearing for my characters life I looked it up on the wiki. Turns out naturally I only had a 30% change to survive it but If I found a certain NPC in a certain place (I wont tell you here) Then I could be cured and immunized. the problem was that in 72 hours there was a 70% chance I would be dead. Panicked by this I began to search the map frantically to the point where I was running through a forest at night when something approached me... I searched and searched but couldn't find anything due to the low light conditions I was stuck in. Then suddenly I was slashed in the stomach by what was revealed to be a dogman (think of a werewolf with no human form.) Startled I took my equipped crowbar and smacked it in the face stunning him. This didn't come without a cost however as the dogman swung again causing my leg to start bleeding profusely. I saw that the beast was stunned took my opportunity and ran while I could through sheer luck I lost it.  Wearily I continued my search for this illusive NPC well into my second sleepless night when I saw them. My dogman problem had tripled. Three dogmen 20m away. I didn't want to use it but I saw no other option. I took out the only item of value I had (a pistol with a full mag) from my bag and began to shoot knowing that running was out of the question due to their speed. 6/7 of the shots hit the pack but they were starting to close the distance. I took my bow from by back dropping the pistol and began to unload all five of my arrows into them. One of the dogmen had collapsed due to the pain I had inflicted but that still left two. There was now only 5m between me and them, my two sleepless night had left me on the verge of collapsing and even if I somehow survived this the blue rot would likely kill me. I wanted to die a hero at least. I dropped everything but my trusty crowbar. I braced for impact then swung with all my might at their leader. I was immediately slashed, battered and bruised but I had nearly got the leader at least. It was then that my sleepless nights  combined with effectively a marathon got the better of me. My battered body unable to continue collapsed of sleep deprivation and there unconscious I was torn to pieces and devoured by dogmen.This was only of of the epic moments of this life. From this game I have so many stories I could tell from wandering out of the cryo chamber for the first time to reveal the ruined world I was surrounded in to hunting a deer for an entire day with a single spear to turn its skin into a bag of which I hauled around the best cuts of meat I could get from it. This game is an experience and I recommend trying unless you don't like to read because to become really immersed then you need to read all the text they present to you."
,Recommended,248860,34185288,Posted: 12 August,all,Justin,"TL;DR GAME GOOD, ME LIKE, BUY!!GENERALi 100% recommend this game to anyone interested in survival games or even turn based strategy games.seeing as theres a demo i wont talk about the mechanics or how to physically play the game and maneuver the interfaces, you could get all that pretty easily just trying it for yourself but i will say dont let how simple it appears fool you, there is an amazing amount of depth to this game once you get into it.now i have heard complaints about the RNG, and i'll admit it can be harsh but honestly i've never personally felt it was unfair since you can heavily reduce the chances of a lot of things. sure i might die in one shot before i ever see my enemy (pretty rare) but how many times have i done that same thing to my own enemies? everything RNG throws at you it throws just as hard at the npcs, which to me makes the combat system one of the best i've ever played but more about that down below.REALISMSome of my favourite moments in all my years of gaming have come from this game, and for one simple reason.This game is hard, and i dont mean hard like most games i mean its hard in a very realistic fashion.i've died from simple food poisoning because i ate raw meat and couldnt keep hydrated,from cholera because i didnt boil my water,hypothermia because i braved the elements in nothing but a hospital gown,blood loss because i didnt wrap my cuts,infection because i didnt clean my wrapsHeart attack because i overworked myselfand starvation/dehydration because i knew better than to eat the raw meat or unboiled waterand dont even get me started on combat related deathsbut you'll notice with every new death i learned something, i learned the why of what was killing me and slowly figured out how to craft everything i needed to fix those situations,spears for hunting,fire to cook and boil food and watermakeshift clothing from rags and hides to keep from freezinglittle by little, with every death and every new run, you learn better builds for your skills,how to build a better campsite,what fights to get into and when to run awayand eventually before you even realize it youve gone from scavegning to scrape by to scavenging for comfort.COMBATwith a combat system that exemplifies the desperate nature of every conflict and the risk that comes with that, you'll find yourself envisioning some of the most impressive fight sequences.imagine being awoken to a stranger in your camp wielding a cleaver. you have nothing but a stone to defend yourself with and hes charging you stopping only to demand your surrender before running again to close the gap, you steel yourself as he gets closer and at the last moment you jump and tackle him to the ground, scrambling to get up before he does you seize the moment to kick at his head while hes down but he rolls away at the last moment, you lash out a flurry of blows with your rock hoping to end it before he can get up, but he manages to get to his feet with only minor injuries and slices your gut whle you try to catch your breath.squared off and on even terms now you ready a defensive stance hoping to avoid the razor edge of his cleaver, dodging one swing you see your moment and headutt him stunning him for just a moment, but it was enough you bear everything you have crashing the hard stone into his chest over and over before he can get his bearings.as he starts to cough blood hope starts to cling to you, you demand he surrender his gear and you'll let him live. he responds by savaging your arm crippling it and causing you to drop your stone. Pain obscuring your focus exhaustion setting in from blood loss and exersion you take a step back your only thoughts on the blade set to take your life you prepare to dodge knowing another hit like that and your done for.your enemy seeking to close the gap dives towards you eyes widening as you sidestep and he falls vulnerable to the ground, you kick him, and you kick him, over and over, his ribs cracking underneath you. you grab your stone with your good hand and finish him taking your new cleaver and whatever else he had as your prize.WHY ARE YOU STILL HERE?if your still reading this then you have more then enough time to download the demo either here or on the mobile app and see what im talking about."
,Recommended,248860,9229928,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,MissCreep,"NEO Scavenger has to be one of my all time favorite games. Even when it was back in early access. The first time I tried it out, I played for six hours straight. That's a long time for me. I was just so in love with it.There is a storyline to follow, but you don't have to watch the story unfold with each playthrough, because NEO Scavenger doesn't hold your hand...at all. Whether you want to find more information about your life and what has happened to the world is up to you. Personally, I just like to see how long I can survive in this messed up wasteland.This game does have a steep learning curve, but once you figure things out, you'll be set to survive for weeks. And while some say the graphics are too unbearable to live with, I don't mind them. I think they are part of the charm that sucked me into the game in the first place.To be sure that this game is for you, check out the demo before you spend your fifteen bucks. That's what it's there for, right?"
,Recommended,248860,32796567,Posted: 25 June,all,Mr.Morose,"Neo Scavenger is a game where you play as Philip Kindred, ""Average Joe"" badass pop sickle. You know this by the hospital wrist band you wear at the start of your epic journey through Michigan. Id say this was a post-apocalyptic or it could just be present time, I don't rightly know have you been to Michigan it pretty much is a wasteland already.All and all its a pretty cool turn based strategy/survival game. It is brutal, unfair, and challengingyou will die a lot! Some times while sleeping, some times its illness that takes your life, or perhaps its exposure that kills you, but when you make it past the first month its rewarding!Defiantly a must buy game! 8/10"
76561198025512958,Recommended,248860,12608470,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,germorris,"There are so many reasons to buy this. I'm not going to bang on too much. I will say that it's games like these (and Prison Architect, Kerbal Space Program, Papers Please etc) that restore my faith in game development. You don't need AAA budgets and staff to make a game that will grip people and make them want to play. You just need gameplay, care and attention and immersion. That's what this game brings to the table, in spades.You're alone in the wilderness. You'll die, a lot, but it'll feel like winning. In every game you'll see something new, try things a little differently, last a little longer sometimes, die within hours at other times. Nothing is ever bland. The graphics, though basic by standards today, detract from the experience not a jot.You know those games where you buy them in a sale and never play them, only to try on a rainy Sunday and realise you've been playing it all week? This is such a gem. £7 is a steal. There's nothing more you need to know. Buy it now."
,Recommended,248860,30928608,Posted: 3 April,all,~Kitty~ Meow <3,"10/10 will die.I mean, buy.Oops?I was a 100% Project Zomboid player. I have over 600 hours on it.Now, here I am, wasting what life I have between work and sleep, dying every 10 to 15 minutes in this auto-permadeath survival game.I've never liked Turn based games, but dang, here I am.And bam, there I go. Dead. 100% dead."
76561198060253272,Recommended,248860,13384016,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Zankio,"This game is one special type of game,when i first played this, i died and died and died atleast 15 times.this game requires you to learn from your mistakes (If your lucky enough to find what you need to correct the mistakes, of course)this game is for a mind of which can stretch to a good length, otherwise you'll probably get annoyed at it. the complexity of this game will really really stretch minds and as learn and rise through the ranks of passed down knowledge (Mainly from the wiki) you begin to become an absoulute pro, although, you'll always die, literally, theres always an end, mainly from starvation, thirst or being torn apart by weird beasts which are completely new to youBeware MERGA WRAITHS!!!I Recommend this so hard..."
,Not Recommended,248860,9973791,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,kilozombie,"After a particularly long 4-hour session (of multiple deaths) and many other playthroughs, I'm going to give a review of this game, and it's pretty harsh.Neo Scavenger is a game that has possiblity emanating from its mechanics. The writing is beautiful and manages to capture most any scenario that you're put into. Generally, it prides itself on being a survival, inventory-managing (think Deus Ex) roguelike that is incredibly unforgiving. Maybe a little too unforgiving.Generally, when I lose a roguelike or a game in general, it'd be nice to have some idea of what I was doing /wrong/. I don't have that sense while playing Neo Scavenger. Most every playthrough, I think I am playing at the top of my game, as best as possible. Enemies can randomly hit you in the head with their fist and instantly kill you, even if you're geared up to the max. Unless you get ridiculously lucky, the cold of the environment WILL kill you. Eating the wrong things WILL kill you. If you got unlucky and didn't find a town, the cold or wolves or zombies or bandits WILL kill you.It has stopped being fun to play. The UI is there. The mechanics are all there. The combat is thrilling. The art is there, the writing is there, and dammit I want this game to be so much more than it actually is. If you really want a hyper-realistic survival game, especially one as complicated as this one, then I can recommend it wholeheartedly. But if you're looking for an enjoyable, frantic gaming experience (as so many other survival games hope to achieve), Neo Scavenger unfortunately is far, far too luck-based to give any sense of accomplishment.In addition, over the 5 months I stopped playing, the ""skill ceiling"" or ""endgame"" has gotten no higher or larger as far as I can tell. A legendary melee weapon (the crowbar) is handed out basically for free, the warmest clothing can be found in nearly every building, and one corpse's food can sustain you forever, as can the numerous woods, rivers etc. If you don't start out with certain skills (botany comes to mind) then you'll be stuck relying on finding towns to survive. and you CAN'T get new skills aside from the implants that I've never seen.Overall, I think that with a bit of patching Neo Scavenger could be a great, renowned game. It's not that it needs polish; it needs content, and it needs a difficulty that scales directly with how skilled you are, and skill should /matter/ more than it does."
76561198059990081,Not Recommended,248860,18230322,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,henryst,"Massive potential, awesome story, great fun and highly addictive but just when you think you're starting to win, you open the game to find your save file has evaporated.This happens once, you think oh well try again.  After the tenth time you finally get jack of the game and move on.If developers are going to create a game with Perma-death, the golden rule is the only person who can kill the character is the player and their choices. Not glitches and bugs.Sorry but I'm moving on."
,Recommended,248860,13842175,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Krydoza,"A hardcore RPG that doesn't give you any real direction after it kicks you unceremoniously into its world to find the your story on your own, if you can survive long enough.  This game combines a hardcore sandbox survival game and a story of your character trying to find out who they are, and why they are here into one of the best gaming experiences I've encountered in a very long time.  Expect to die and restart several times while first playing NEO Scavenger, there is no reloading, only learning from your last playthrough's mistakes."
,Recommended,248860,23422128,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,My Friend's Wet Dream,"This game is amazing for hardcore survivalists. Basically, here's how my adventures went:1. Freeze to death. Retry.2. Freese to death. Ragequit.3 months later...Oh yeah, that's right! I have Neo Scavenger! I wonder if i got better!1. Die2.Die3. Die4. Die5. OH MY GOD I HAVE A LIGHTER! I WON'T FREEZE ANYMORE!!! Stranger with hunting rifle: Nope. *BLAM* Die.Still haven't beaten it... But it sure is fun!"
76561198122743085,Recommended,248860,22785447,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,pluto965,day 1: killed a dogman and made mittens out of him.day 2: foung a plastic bag to hold my mittensday 3: found some dogs and killed them with a pocket knife. plus three mittens.day 4: drank half a river and a bottle of jack and proceeded to take a clown head and spend the afternoon killingmellonheads. disappointed i could not turn them into mittensday 5: beat two guys to death with a stick and got two guns and 5 bullets for them. cut them up and put their meat in asack i left in the woodsday 5.5: missed shooting a guy three times after i killed two more dogmen and died from acute lung failure via getting a pot in the gut.10/10 would make mittens again
,Recommended,248860,26724359,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Greyskye,"Great game. Brutal learning curve. Bit heavy on the resource management and painfully RNG reliant, but that is a big part of the genre."
,Not Recommended,248860,13517884,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,PurpleXVI,"The main problem with NEO Scavenger is, sadly, the scavenging. While there's a decent bit of good writing to be found,  you'll probably never discover it unless you edit the game files or get incredibly lucky with your scavenging rewards, as health, weariness and thirst tick down with absurd speeds, areas get tapped out of resources in no-time(meaning that setting up a camp, which is necessary unless you get ridiculously lucky finding backpacks, etc. is useless) and all your items decay with ridiculous rapidity, too.You'll never really get to actually PLAY the game, is the thing, you'll be stuck doing nothing but grinding berries, cured meat and boiled water(which you can only get if you're lucky enough to find a saucepan), and then when you finally get enough of it to start moving somewhere... your backpack falls apart and you have to leave it all behind.But, okay, let's say you're good at management and overcome that hurdle. Then you may find one of the twenty or so locations you can interact with beyond scavenging(in a map of thousands of hexes, and only a few of them look any different from the surrounding generic town hexes)... and whatever you do roughly has a 50% chance of instakilling you or losing you all your carried stuff.So now, good luck, you can do all your grinding again! Hope you're lucky enough to find a saucepan early on this time around, too, or you may as well just restart.The combat also boasts a lot of choices to make, but it boils down to either: Have a ranged weapon, keep distance, shoot shoot shoot, or have melee weapon, close distance, beat beat beat. A few of the other options might occasionally be tempting if the game gave any indication of how likely they were to succeed or not(say, percentages or odds or something) rather than just vaguely suggesting a ""high"" or ""low"" chance(what's high? 50+%? 75+%? 95+%?).Long story short: Needs more obvious mechanics, needs less busywork to pad out playtime, needs to make consequences of choices more predictable/obvious OR it needs some sort of save function. It feels like someone played FTL and A Dark Room and wanted to copy them without understanding them."
76561198000401793,Recommended,248860,7975109,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Atkinss,"This game is very addicting. At first it requires some time to get use to the proper steps to survive. I'm getting more fluent at playing but I can die at any point. All it takes is one good hit from an unsuspecting enemy. I suggest you learn the hotkeys, it makes the game more interesting and a lot faster!  Even though this game is still in the early stages, i'm in love with it."
76561197982111209,Recommended,248860,24987154,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,[DOD]Knuckles,"INCREDIBLY enjoyable game. Who needs Graphics. This game has so much in to offer.Its simplistic and complex all rolled up into one amazing ADDICTIVE package.I dont know why. no matter how many times the wasteland kills me, or i am eaten by Dogmen. Or beaten to death by a badmutha with a sauce pan, or Stared down by a mellon head, Or killed by a Robor in an arena, or starve to death or freeze to death, or die of food poisoning, or bleed to death from blistered feet or am shot to death from some thing i didnt even see, or have all of my limbs crippled. The game just does not get old.I just dont get it. I should HATE this kind of game. BUT I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!Seriously. See past the Graphics.This game will hook you.Would die again 42/10"
,Recommended,248860,13935004,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,PinkieD,"NEO Scavenger is an extremely difficult game at first. It doesn't hold your hand and you have to really think about the attirbutes to give to your character before the start of the game. Anything can kill you, even the smallest mistake. I accidentally clicked on the wrong type of berry and poisoned myself. There was nothing I could do as my character just got sicker and sicker. With all that said, it is an extremely rewarding game once you figure out a plan to survive. Each time you last a little longer in the game feels like a vitory and the story in the background is very interesting as well. I recommend reading the newspapers. Not all of the ariticles are important but it does make the world feel a little more alive and gives you clues on what could have happened to the character you play."
76561198059110645,Recommended,248860,23522631,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,"Flamingkitty ""Skill Of Noob""","A game you could easily get addicted to. You'll get lucky and find 4000 worth of equipment. You'll get unlucky and get instantly killed by a cannibal with nothing but an empty water bottle. There is some background story, several skills and different ways of surviving, and even more ways to thrive.Fair word of warning, the game is flash-based, so it's easy for it to overload flash, which could corropt your save or just make the game lag after a long time of surviving."
76561198027178139,Recommended,248860,30498339,Posted: 13 March,all,Racocac,"I have been thinking for a while whether this game should get a thumbs up or a thumbs down from me. In the end, I'm going with a reluctant thumbs up, though I'd recommend waiting for a sale.NEO Scavenger is a post-apocalyptic roguelike survivalist game that is also often dubbed a hobo simulator. For good reason: you start the game waking up in a facility with nothing but a hospital gown, a wrist strap and a strange talisman. Once you start playing and get to look at your inventory screen, you will notice that you do not actually have any inventory space. This game does not give you an abstract bag to store your items in. You can carry whatever you carry around in your hand - if you want more, you will need to scavenge a cardboard box or a plastic shopping bag to carry your stuff in (the former you have to carry in your hand, the latter can be used as a backpack). If you are good enough at scavenging, you may eventually be able to find something better, such as a children's backpack - a legit travelling backpack is a luxury you'll have to search a lot for, and either way, even these backpacks will be extremely limiting, so you do have to carefully pick and choose what to carry with you. Eventually, you can get a much bigger inventory by finding an abandoned shopping cart or other similar vehicle you can lug your items around in, but that makes it harder to run away if you get into trouble (unless you ditch the cart and just run for your life).Anyway, there are strict inventory constraints and you also have to deal with rapid wear and tear on your equipment - some shoddy stuff (hand-crafted weapons, sandals) might fall apart after just a short period of use. You also have to deal with finding food and water - and beyond that, you have to make sure the food is edible, the water is not contaminated, and beyond that, to find a same place to sleep, to find a pair of shoes (that don't give you blisters when you walk in them), and to survive all the encounters out there. All this makes for a very gritty and tough survivalist game and this is actually the strong point of NEO Scavenger. The 'feel' is really good and the challenges of this game are rather unique - not many games have you struggle for basic necessities like this one. Death is permanent - no reloads.There are three major weak points, though, which you should be aware of. One of them would not be enough to spoil the game, but the three of them together do, or at least get close to doing so... it is up to you to decide if they are big enough red flags for you.First: NEO Scavenger's survivalism is based around an extensive crafting system. You need to craft in order to ensure your water is not infected (drinking all the water you find makes things much harder, though it's actually possible to survive with the constant diarrhea and other illnesses you get from doing so if you are lucky enough), to light fires for warmth and cooking, to craft primitive weapons and more. The crafting system is quite cumbersome, though, which is a major problem when it is so necessary to use it. It is hard to get into at first, hard to understand all the different options you have, and the interface is a bit unwieldy in general.Second: The developers originally started programming this game in Flash, which (according to their own admission, even) turned out to be a pretty bad idea, but they never rebuilt it in a more suitable environment. This means that the game has a few quirks and a few very nasty bugs. Saves seem to have a tendency to get corrupted every now and then, and while there is an autosave option, that introduces other problems in turn (I had my minimap data get wiped while autosave was on).[Note: apparently some autosave bugs were just recently fixed a few days after writing this review. So there's that.]Third: despite being a roguelike, this game lacks something most roguelikes have, which is extensive replayability. Unlike in most RLs, there is no leveling or character development - your guy doesn't get any stronger or weaker throughout the game (aside from illnesses/injuries and other temporary buffs/debuffs), so the progression in the game stems solely from you exploring newer areas and finding stronger enemies. There is also only one start (no races/classes, no different starting scenarios) so if you've completed the game once, you've seen it all... aside from any optional areas you might have missed the first time around. Further, quite a few of the challenges in the game don't even stem from poor scavenging strategy or combat - sometimes you just get a brief ""choose your own adventure"" segment where you have to click on various options and hope that you aren't instakilled. Common sense and caution can generally get you through these encounters, but still, this doesn't help replayability. Further, though it takes a while to learn how to survive early on, the game is not actually that hard later on once you're set and since it is easy to just run away from the majority of foes (plus there's little reason to fight them when you can't get XP or essential loot from them - you can get everything you need from just scavenging), you just need to learn what options to click (or not to click) in the choose-your-own-adventure segments and you know how to win.Well, NEO Scavenger is a good hobo simulator, but not a very good roguelike. So I guess that whether you should buy the game depends on whether you're looking for the former or the latter. It's a fun little game with an interesting story (and you'll have some interesting stories of your own to tell on the forum after you play), but it just isn't something that will keep you occupied for hundreds of hours, replaying it again and again. Its hobo simulator aspect is good enough for me to barely justify a recommendation, however."
76561197970645163,Recommended,248860,14538204,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Roy Calbeck,"NEO Scavenger is relentlessly brutal, surprisingly nuanced, and unapologetically old-school.It's a game where even after hours of play, the same enemies you started out fighting are still quite capable of ripping your throat out... if you get sloppy.  The elements are a real hazard, not just window-dressing.  Getting sick, getting thirsty, getting hungry, all affect how much you can do and how fast you can do it.And then there's Detroit.  If you live to see it."
76561198077449566,Recommended,248860,34474184,Posted: 24 August,all,MrMeeseeks,Rust for accountants.(I mean that in the nicest way possible.)
,Recommended,248860,24148961,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Terabit3,The best hobo simulator Ive ever played
,Recommended,248860,14545994,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,|038|117335|,"I was surviving for a week. Had a scoped rifle with some ammo hanging on my shoulder, a broad spear in my hand, I was in some army shoes, a nice pair of cargo pants, a hoodie with 3 layers of stuff underneath which was perfect for the weather. Had drinkable water for days, even more food, a full medkit, more stuff in my travois. Had an impressive kill-streak behind me.I was walking towards a town when I heard a rumble of a car's engine from somewhere in the town. It was there for a brief moment and then it faded. I was not far from ""Zom-Zom"".Feeling sleepy. I set up a camp with a fire in a small house, place some noise-traps around.Just killed 2 dogs on my way here. Poor creatures. But they didnt die in vain. I skinned them. Roasted their meat.Ate a chunk. Mmm... Wonder how it was before. I chuckled, ironically, because I can't remember a thing. But it doesn't matter now. Not here. The only things that matter here are skills and luck. And I had plenty. For now.Tomorrow I am going to scavenge the area around ""Zom-Zom"" and finally deсide whether I want to go in or not.It was late in the night. Had no watch to prove it to myself, but I had no need in that. I found a spot to lie down. Closed my eyes.I faded out quickly which is a rare thing to encounter being insomniac.Then someone slit my throat with a glass shiv while I was sleeping.10/10 Would die again."
,Recommended,248860,27315370,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,chimpansteve,"Fight half blind in the mud with fists and broken bottles. Get minor scratch on arm. Think ""Cool, i won that easily and have a load of cool stuff"".10/10 would die of infection 12 hours later again"
,Recommended,248860,16196028,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,And then John was a zombie.,"First of all: if you paid $15 for this game, you've underpaid. Sunk more than 90 hours in this game (online and offline) and I STILL can't see half of the content and this is just vanilla. I made the mistake of adding a mod to this game and holy crap...still can't see past 10% of the content without either dying, getting completely wrapped up in a spawn and exploration run and enjoy the hell out of simply trying to LIVE long enough!NEO Scavenger's one of those games that no matter how much you die, live, fail, respawn, mix your talents up and roll again...you want to play some more. I've clocked almost 20 hours in the DEMO alone and when I bought the game, I bought copies for friends and sat many a night down in Teamspeak and we've compared survival times and setups and this game suceeds in making you declare ""One...more...game...""I turned this into a serious review just because I've joined the forums, added input and done a bit of bug submission as well and even the community is together despite it being a lone-dev game.PROS:-A very good ""One more game..."" setup.-A lot of the in-game recipes are common sense based. Combine...and see what happens.-The turn-based battle system with different movesets depending on your talents is functional and efficent. That feeling of satisfaction when you stab a feral dog to death with a wooden spear crafted by your own hands and sharpened with a glass shard.-The storyline so far is intriguing and you get this sense of ""Where am I? Who am I? What is going on?"" constantly.-Because of the game's setting and environment, finding so much as a shopping bag to hold your stuff feels like the greatest success. You'll know what I mean when you play.-The idea of drinking water straight from a pond is hazardous at best.-Eat berries, dog flesh, human flesh, cooked food, soup, scavenged snack cakes. The world is your buffet table!-Josh Culler's submissions for the soundtrack of this game are short...but VERY, VERY suitable.CONS:-The game is programmed for Flash. Depending on your PC and stats and some measure of bad luck-you ARE going to get some frustrate-level crashes. Save often and make sure the game doesn't bug out randomly because it pretty much means you're going to lose your progress. It doesn't happen often but when it does...damn. Hard luck. TIP: run the game in fullscreen and set your cache for Flash at 10MB to prevent random lockups.-The game tilts itself against you unfairly sometimes, especially when you decide to settle down in an area for extended time and the enemy spawn rate tends to increase. Not exactly fair when you're someone who likes having a ""base"" to call home but the gameplay is meant to keep you mobile. Not stuck in one spot. Explore at will but know that if you hang around somewhere long enough, the game WILL start pushing you out to go do something else or go somewhere.-The amount of enemies that can populate one tile per battle sometimes goes a little overboard. Nothing more rage inducing than getting strangled to death in your sleep by 4 enemies, 3 of whom took apart your noise traps and the other strangled you to death with a pounce. Not sure if this is intentional but it still is frustrating when it happens.-Not all the recipes work seamlessly. Sometimes you HAVE to check your recipe book to see if you've learned it by accident and you need to click the RECIPE to craft said item in the first place.-No way to repair items CURRENTLY at the time of this review without mod assistance. It's pretty annoying to have to play vanilla, find a backpack on 3% and lose it the next turn to decay, go play a mod and then come back to find out that there are still some minor frustrations.The reason I approve this game is because the community contributes ideas, help, bug reports and helps design its own mods. So far there's 3 main stable ones that are available at the website forums and they add SO MUCH to the game already. You know you've succeeded with a game when people are climbing over themselves to add content and mods to your game, free of charge.VERDICT:Buy this if you like roguelikes, turn based and making decisions via micromanagement of inventory and move turns. You'll spend a good few hours with this game and still find yourself coming back for more. The gods help you if you add a mod. Might as well quit your day job while you're ahead! :DAnd now for your typical funny lines:Always use Botany.Wounds infected?Tannin Tea!Thirsty?Tannin Tea!Pooping blood?Tannin Tea!Vomiting?Tannin Tea!Wanna make money?Tannin Tea!Infected and sick?Tannin Tea!Surrounded by 6 Dogmen and all you have is a rock?Tannin Tea!Tannin Tea! The best drink...for you and me!This advertisment brought to you by Zom Zom's."
,Recommended,248860,27299476,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Welsh Hitler,This game and whole concept is so well thought out which gives a random experience everytime you play. This game involves being strategic and being able to manage your inventory to survive the wasteland detroit. You will die alot until you learn how to stay alive with the massive amount of game mechanics which have been handed to you. Blue bottle games have given us a fantastic RPG with strategy elements to make the game challenging. I would recommended to anyone who doesnt care about fantastic graphics but are here for a unique and brilliant experience which this game can provided to you. For the orignal price it is a steal and is perfect for anyone who wants just a game to play while bored.
76561198102138360,Recommended,248860,12939046,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,I'mGoodHonest,This is a surprisingly good turn based RPG. At first it was hard but after you figure out certain things about it it becomes deep and the style makes it quite rustic. 9/10
76561198121051592,Recommended,248860,14216239,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,willyz96,Incredibly hard until you get the hang of the crafting and combat systems and find a skillset you can play. fun and interesting afterward. Definitely recomend reading the wiki. 9/10 would buy again.
76561198080581007,Recommended,248860,12926626,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Windslashman,"This game will be a hit or miss with you. Many options to choose to do as you play, probably the most I have ever seen in a game before. Keep in mind that you probably will develop arthritis from playing this game because of the mass amount of clicking. You can die very easily in this game. I wish i could tell you that this game had a plot, but frankly I haven't lived long enough to find out lol."
,Recommended,248860,18898930,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,machinekng,"Lovin' this game. It's a true hardcore survival sim with great replayability, emergent gameplay and storytelling, and numerous subsystems to keep you on your toes. You'll die again and again from dogmen, hypothermia, cholera, and frog cultists, just to name a few, but everytime it's a learning experience. There's also several solid mods available that add a huge variety of new items, locations and new ways to bite the dust!"
76561198033669441,Recommended,248860,7996790,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Joseph011296,"Really fun game that has an interesting innovation for a early release game, a DEMO, it's a flash based game with a browser based demoThe demo was good enough that I immediately bought the game after playing it and then spent about 5 hours playing nonstop, the game has an impressive amount of depth (hypothermia is a deadlier beast than you think) and the games wiki helps you learn the game in a barebones but suprisingly in depth way"
76561198086223850,Recommended,248860,16006598,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,swedishpopsensation,i love this game.  there is only one thing i would add and that is a real nice narrator voice over to add to the incredible atmosphere of the game.  the the creators:  i would happily pay for dlc to add this.  players:  thumbs up if you agree.
76561198006900802,Recommended,248860,12643183,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Erom,Hands-down one of the best single player survival games. Never underestimate a hobo with a sauce pan.
,Recommended,248860,12662787,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Jellyblob,Acute bleeding is best in the lungs 11/10
,Recommended,248860,12916110,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Celtillus,"Of all the survival games that are on steam right now, NEO Scavenger does it the best."
76561198044516592,Recommended,248860,33527264,Posted: 13 July,all,Vivikus,"Absolutely done right.Very fun! A great survival game with a small bit of storyline. I truly hope to see expansions or a future game from this developer.A refreshing twist on the survival genre where it's not over-complicated, yet the game is far from simple. Combat is just as much about tactic as it is about raw character skill. Even wearing the correct clothing can win a fight ""psychologicaly"" with an enemy. The game is not simply point, click, win. You must think and the first few tries will most likely end horribly.I wish the game was a little ""bigger"", the world was a little more interesting. This only shows how much more the game is wanted, for it to never end.Kudos, bravo zulu on a job well done Blue Bottom Games."
,Recommended,248860,8028226,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,BornToHula,"This is the only game I know of where you have to fight hobos for a single boot before you freeze to death.   I have chased vagrants for multiple hexes just steal their boots and it was worth it.  Overall, 10/10 GOTYAY"
,Recommended,248860,13978876,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Vandal Savant,"As of the recommendation, I've played about 10 hours, plus 4 in the demo, although the two are acceptably different experiences. Came nowhere near to advancing the story out of all my playthroughs, reaching the ""glow,"" but the game's fun to gamble a try each time. Sometimes I'll find a good pair of boots. If I'm lucky, they'll be a match and a left and a right foot boot. Sometimes I've just died in the first day from getting eaten alive by a pack of feral dogs that tracked me down.The ultimate goal is staying alive while you're dragged along on the storyline. You may even get an obscure hint or two about the story at the beginning based on what skill you picked for the playthrough. But all along the way, remember; you'll never ""win"" a fight, you've just survived it."
76561198085396767,Recommended,248860,28786121,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Fancy_Kat,"This game is way more complex, detailed, and downright fun than I expected it to be. Some of the negative reviews I read complained about how the random nature of some of the game elements can screw you over, regardless of how well you've prepared-- while I have had this happen to me (more than once), I think that it's just a reality of this style of game, and careful planning can lessen the risk. I think my biggest complaint would be that there do still seem to be some kinks in the system: for instance, I just lost my most recent game because I got locked in the combat screen until I died, AFTER I had already killed the enemy. That said, this game is overall interesting and really well conceived; if you like tile-based adventure games, this one is definitely for you."
,Recommended,248860,16778178,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,tgchan.com,"I will try to keep it brief and describe my games in a very brief manner. Each number, represents a different game from the start.1. I came out of the building, felt disoriented and not sure what to do. Something nasty came to me and attacked. I tried to defend myself but I bled out after the series of injuries.2. This time I had time to wander some more, I found some mushrooms, berries, sharpened a big stick and waited for trouble... but I froze to death.3. Shortly after I came out, the feral dog sneaked on me and attacked. I was fighing furiously with my punches, until I damaged his brain with concussions. I would have never thought that reading about the combat could be so exciting: bruises, cuts, bites, concussions, bleedings... all those details were amazing. My brain did the rest, imaging myself fighting for life with this dog. When he dropped dead, I patched up my wounds, took some painkillers and gutted him, took 2 small pieces of raw meat into my small medkit and moved along to find some clothes before I freeze to death again. I went to the city and scavenged it. I found plenty of goody goodies: crowbar with strap, binoculars with strap too!, cardboard box, cargo pants (with pockets!=more slots, yea!), T-shirt and some straps. Now, I am afraid to go out, because I don't want to loose all my treasure :( . T-shirt, cargo pants, hospistal gown on top of it all, holding crowbar in one hand and cardboard box with my treasure in the other one... time to move on. I go to the next building, I must be lucky, plenty of other  goods but I have no space to take it... First dillemma: break bottle and use it to make small campfire or leave it as a container for water later on? To hell with it... I might not live so long and I need warmth. OMFG! I had not enough points and had to end the turn, now the sun is gone... After a while it came out again, now I sit in front of a campfire, eating a cooked dog meat and think what to do next. The fire is not big enough, I move to the forest for more wood, some stranger attacks me, I try to talk to with him, he's confused but still charges at me... Time to cave his head in with the brand new crowbar. WTF!? He is some kind of a boxer! He keeps punching me and avoiding my crowbar! I cough up with blood and have got internal bleeding! After a short fight, I pass out and this guy is checking for loot on me... I wake up, beaten drastically, he retreated. MOTHERF**ER stole my cardboard box with goodies!!! I was on my way back to the camp when I have found an old car and a sleeping bag in it. Resting in the filhty but warm sleeping bag in abandoned IT office building, curing my heavy injuries, a mysterious horror creature woke me up. I had to run away, leaving my sleeping bag behind... After a while of running away, I had to go back, the cold rain has started to rain and it was a night... I know that my end is near but I keep sneaking in the dark trying to get into my warm sleeping bag... I just hope it is not sleeping in it... LMAO I threatened it with my crowbar and it ran away!!! I can't believe it!@ Sleeping, resting and healing in my precious filthy sleeping bag. After many hours, something is creeping on me once again. It's dark and we do not see each other yet, I will run away, I need some water anyways. It was a feral dog, I took some bites and I am bleeding but the dog is dead. I rest some more, take a bottle and go to look for some water, I find a small lake, drink a lot and take some with me, in a small plastic bottle.NO SAVE DATA FOUND... great... just f*cking great... Game is made in flash, so when I was cleaning my pc with ccleaner, it must have deleted some macromedia old cookies and my save file... how f*ucking hard can it be, to make seperate none-flash savegame file!?4. Tracked and killed by Merga Wraith5. - Chopped a poor fellow to death with a meat cleaver... He refused to fall back. No regrets.- WTF!? I met three bandits cooking something (I was hungry), there was also a terrified woman with a little baby in her arms. I had not a lot of options, but I think I have picked the wrong one! They have cracked her skull with a crowbar!!! "" What happens next is not worth mentioning, apart from feed. You can't remember how long it's been since you have eaten that well."" WTF HAVE I DONE!?- apart from all that, I am doing incredibly well. Got two shoes, nice clothes, meat cleaver to defend myself, made a campfire and cleaned some dirt rags for future needs. The only thing that bothers me is the guy with a rifle wandering around me somewhere.- ok he tried to kill me when I went to sleep! He shot at me! I took cover and now he offers to talk! Oh, no buddy I am coming to get your with my meat cleaver now! He keeps shooting and missing because I use covers, soon brand new rifle with a scope will be mine! Lmao, I chopped him to death! xD"
,Recommended,248860,27553675,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,HENGZILLA,"This game is rough around the edges, but it has some brilliant ideas.  It tries to do a lot of new things, and of course it doesn't get them all right. But I'd love to see some of these innovative ideas fleshed out a little more in the future."
,Recommended,248860,12910941,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,m1abram,"I have played more games than I can count.  I have been playing games since the 80s, this games has taken me back to my youth.  Easy to learn...extremely hard to master.  I can't wait to see what happens and how far I can take my guy.  I am looking forward to the full game."
,Recommended,248860,12945336,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Sleepless,"Have you ever beat a man to death with your fists? I have. His shoes were made of pure gold in my eyes. As I beat him slowly as he tried to stand back up all I could think about was his shoes. ""An extra move maybe I can make it to detriot now"" I thought. Finally he was unconscious, I could have just looted him but no. What if he woke up? I kept kicking him and kicking him untill I heard his last breath. I killed that man... later I ate him pretty good. 10/10 It was okay -IGN"
76561197988387615,Recommended,248860,16490807,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Venusgate,"Wake up, explore, realize you can't get back to starting point before nightfall, camp in forest, get eaten by dogbeast in middle of night right before succumbing to hypothermia.Wakeup, scavenge while you explore, get a shoe (hot damn!), sharpen a tree branch (watchout, world!), get diarrhea (wait, what?), keep scavenging and hope for the best, health keeps dropping (uh, guys?), find a gun... with no bullets (really?), die of fatal digestive illness.Wakeup (you took the medic feat this time, cause you're a pro like that), scavenge like a boss, find two left shoes (easy there, Sonic), fashion a bow and even two arrows (gg, son), pack of wild dog attack and after you kill one they runaway like wimps (meat's back on the menu, boys!), find a pot to start boiling your water (ahaaaa, cause before with the... yeah, okay, i got this), trip and break leg while scavenging, here comes dogman again (you replaced those two arrows, right?), he's faster than you, limpy.....Wakeup, (and so on...)"
,Recommended,248860,12484440,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,v1k1n,"Most 'survival' games I feel like I just need to figure out the trick to win the game. Not with NNEO Scanvenger. It feel's so realistically frustrating that I keep coming back for more.Highly recommended for anyone looking to kill a few hours after work, then not sleeping until 3am trying to survive one more time!"
76561197992991297,Recommended,248860,24865008,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Snickrot,"While it seems simple on the surface, it has led to more intense moments then some triple A games.Nothing can get more viceral then trying to bash someone's head in with a rock because you are freezing to death and need some clothes.You will die in this game.  A lot.  Even after you get good gear and a gun.  You think you are fine then you wake up with a blue frog standing over you and then it is a mad dash to find a cure for a deadly disease."
76561198025010678,Recommended,248860,16872370,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Caged Nicolas,Play this game for a few hours. Then go into your neighborhood supermarket and collapse from sensory overload.Best hobo simulator ever.
,Recommended,248860,10420374,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,ᛟ Wōtan z💤 ᛟ,"woke up, jumped out of a window because of a dogman, saw a raider with a shoe, murdered him for that shoe, ate his body and then died from an unkillable wraith10/10 would play again"
,Recommended,248860,23655402,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Sente,"This is honeslty the best game I have every played. Ever since I was a child I wanted to find a game that trumped all others in terms of actual wilderness survival, and even though this is not this games focus I would have to say this game does it better than all the rest. Even UnReal, which is now my second favorited, does not trump this game. Beyond its amazing survival elements this games story is very mysterious and intriguing, something that most survival games have no part of. Look at The Long Dark or The Woods, while they are slated to have stories there is none at this current moment. NEO Scavenger delivers everything I could have ever wantd out of a game and I would say the only thing that would make it better is a reboot in a 3D engine. This game is amazing and I could even see it being made into a very sucesful move."
,Recommended,248860,20021568,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Zachariah Wildwood,"- Highly original turn-based survival game.- Think very carefully about your next move as biting off more than you can chew will end up with you being bitten off and chewed.- Very satisfying to scavenge and carefully arrange all of your loot, choose a good base, and take on the post-apocalyptic world.- Replayable due to different character builds, random map generation, and choice of approach- In-depth, detailed crafting and injury system that is reminiscent of Dwarf Fortress' detail.- Unique combat with a heavy focus on strategy and avoiding injury rather than mindlessly hack and slashing.- Great writing and intriguing premise.- Interface looks intimidating but is suprisingly easy to learn.- Pick up and play for ten minutes, or get lost for hours.- Permadeath makes it all real."
,Recommended,248860,8211018,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,BETA,you know it's a good game when you can eat other people and you find that your only goal is to murder someone and take their shoes
,Recommended,248860,13825448,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,zilly,"ATMOSPHERE:You (a random guy) wake up from a cryogenic sleep chamber, and have no recollection of anything. Not even who you are. Your goal is to make it to ""The Glow"" or Detroit Mega City as you may learn to call it both. Your goal is to make it here, exploring along the way, better equipping yourself with the task of finding out who you are.This is how I would imagine a post-apocalyptic Detroit happening.Constantly being bombarded by the ruthless Dogmen, and Bad Muthas, a Detroit street gang of brutal, thuggish cannibals who will NOT hesitate to attack you on sight. Also strangers and looters equipped with scoped hunting rifles, and Detroit Mega City Guards with rifles, shotguns, and full SWAT-type gear ready to exterminate you.You will be excited as ever to just find a pair of old plastic shopping bags and a shard of glass or a broken bottle to arm yourself with. Every little space in your inventory counts, so space management is almost as important to your survival as dealing with combat scenarios with a cool, calm, level head.GAMEPLAY:You will need to scavenge for loot while maintaining low visibility, otherwise if you think you're tough enough you can brazenly move into an abandoned building, scavenge it loudly and roughly, and hope someone or something doesn't hear or see you.The choices you make for every little situation in this game need to be approached with clear thinking, and taking into account repercussions of your actions is seriously encouraged for this experience.You will have random encounters within the story line and others along your travels.You may succomb to diseases from exposure to sick people, bad weather (hypothermia and pneumonia), food poisoning, and even BREATHING toxic fumes over time.You will wake up to people stealing your supplies and food or attempting to bash your skull in with a stone. Then be forced to make the decision to flee in complete terror, sneak up on the thief in the dark and take them by surprise, or just stand up from your sleep and attack them in a raging fury.If you can get past the clunky UI and lack of animation or intimate graphical control, this game is a dirty gem just waiting to be appreciated by the next ""arachaeologist"" who finds it. I never pictured myself enjoying a game that's 60% text-based, but I quickly fell in love with this game. Here, you can learn quickly from past mistakes and keep pushing forward. If you ever thought it was hard to survive in other ""survival"" games, this isFARmore unforgiving but also more rewarding to experience. True-to-life combat system that allows your simplest mistakes to be exploted by your enemy, possibly resulting in your death or serious injury.OVERALL RATING OUT OF 10:9.5/10Even if you hate text-based games, or games with hexes (I certainly did), you may find yourself immersed and deeply invested into this game. Ihighlyrecommend this for anyone who appreciates post-apocalyptic roleplaying games and/or heavy survival. Even at full retail price this is a worthwhile purchase. The game has a few flaws, but all are so minor and outweighed greatly by whatgoodthere is in the game that you quickly forget they exist or have trouble noticing them to begin with. Very reminiscent of the first game of the Fallout series, more so than the second, but this game has its own unique flavour."
,Recommended,248860,34745471,Posted: 4 September,all,Ned,"I think it could be called Dumbass Simulator 14.What? You ate random mushrooms you found on a tree? BOTULISM, dumbass.You are wandering around the woods in the rain wearing a hospital gown? HYPOTHERMIA dumbass.You drank swamp water without boiling it? How about that DYSENTRY!You have the wrong shoe on the wrong foot? Blistered feet you can barely put weight on, noob!!You used a crowbar to open a lock in a crumbling building? Ceiling falls in on you Einstein!Dragging a shopping cart in the middle of combat? Hope ya dont mind being paraplegic, twinkletoes!Fell asleep without looking around good first? Enjoy never looking around again, because that feral dog bit out your eyes and you are blind, use the Force Luke!Every single one of those things has happened to me and I have barely touched the game.Its like Zork and Shadowgate (I am not kidding) drank absinthe and procreated this... and its... fun? It really is though, if only in learning how not to fail, and I have to believe there is a story to unearth, personally I havent lived long enough to find out yet because....dumbass =DI HAVE learned that being a mechanic or electrician is pretty much useless in the Apocalypse (although oddly hacking is not), if you are gonna wake up in a vat of goo, know how to skin mutant dogs, extremely important. And uh...leave the necklace ALONE."
76561198060894569,Recommended,248860,13436613,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,MS-14 Gelgoog Type O,I headbutted a dog 10/10.
,Recommended,248860,13514729,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,BrickMcLargeHuge,"Next to Fallout, the finest Post-Apoc RPG ever made. Memorable and more than a little scary."
76561198025862574,Not Recommended,248860,28427993,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Justice,"As a game, this is an admirable failure.  As an artistic experience, it succeeds, but not in a way that makes for a playable video game.  The bottom line, however, is that you almost certainly should not play it.The writing is excellent, and not just by video game standards.  The dev could write good sci-fi fiction.The game has permadeath.  The core game loop is good, but clunky.  Progress is punishing.  It takes 10 real life minutes to make a bunch of arrows, which aren't particularly effective, but they're what you get.  I recommend the sling.  Even taking all precautions, you can die instantly because a dogman or blue frog pops up at close proximity or in your sleep and kills you in one round.  You realize that there's nothing you could have done, and often there's nothing you can learn from to prevent it in the future.Because getting a character into survival state, which allows exploring the story, takes several hours, the clunkiness becomes an insane ping-pong of clicks (left screen, right screen, ten ping-pong clicks to sleep; seven to scavenge a single building; repeat until you die or quit, then repeat some more).  I view this as an artistic statement about life that, like the sudden and unpreventable deaths, cannot be understood until wearily experienced.The problem is that the game breaks into choose-your-own-adventure encounters that are both the reason to play the game and what breaks it.  A majority of the options in these encounters will instantly end your game.  Single encounters will have branching choices, the majority of which will end your game.  They cannot be predicted.  Because of their branching nature and the immense real life time to get to the point where you see them, you cannot realistically finish the game.  Further, the game hard-limits your exploration; you get X number of choices, then time's up.  The internet is full of gnashing and wailing, true believers who spent over 100 hours on the game begging the dev to release the text files of the end-game, which he basically did by telling people what to search for in the XML files.If you do buy it, some guy made a batch file that acts as a save-game manager.  Get it."
,Recommended,248860,12504720,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,WALF,"Do you enjoy semi-text-based apocalyptic-something-I-haven't-done-the-story-yet survival games with great mechanics, enjoyable crafting, and all the hoarding you can't do in reality?This game is a great source of entertainment for me. So great, in fact, that I try to play it as little as I can lest I get sucked into playing for hours on end.I can't wait to play the finished product. It's already magnificent."
76561198051157661,Recommended,248860,15668902,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Eddy,"NEO Scavenger is a game that you should defiently pick up if you enjoy DayZ and those sorts of games, or if you want to see what kind of person are youNEO Scavenger's weak points:-Alot of the times, when you have maximum chance of getting loot, you won't get any (tl:dr loot is heavily randomized)-Prepare to dieNeo Scavenger's strong points:-Unforgiving-It get's rewarding really fast-The combat is brutalNeo Scavenger made me rethink how I see life and showed me how desensitized I am to killing living, breathing humans and animals. It's a game that will beat you up, eat you and then spit you out. It's worth every cent, dollar, euro, whatever."
,Recommended,248860,25058336,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,wdavid4,"Ever play a game that made you want to throw your computer out the window, and then 5 minutes later want to play another round?...that's NEO Scavenger.If you frustrate too easily, if you don't like random difficulty spikes, if you can't have fun when the game isn't ""fair"" all the time, if you don't like to lose... this might not be the game for you.You'll have the deck stacked against you right from the start most of the time. Just making it a day or two might seem impossible. Then you'll have that run of luck and manage to gather a small fortune, and even come to think of yourself as neigh invincible, only to succumb to some kind of horrible infection because you forgot to wear an air filter and accidentally inhaled some spores.This game is not fair. It wasn't meant to be fair. That's part of the beauty.There's a small but awesome modding community for this game, as well... and they've managed to add quite a bit of additional content to the game. Definitely worth checking out after you've played the base game for a while and want an expanded experience."
76561198068160284,Recommended,248860,24431017,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,race1250,"I recommend this game with some reservations. I commend the developer's brutal commitment to total realism that make this game an extremely tough experience. the intriguing game world, and attention to detail. The game truly does make you thankful for objects as trivial as a shirt or even a worn out shoe. That being said, the game is hard enough that sometimes it feels as if it is unfair. On many occasions I would sit down for a session and be having fun until a single dog or man with a gun kills me and ruins hours of progress. The permadeath system creates a feeling that you've wasted your time whenever you die from something you can't avoid. I feel as if a progression system, saved games, or a checkpoint, perhaps at the end of each day, could go a long way to combat these issues. If you are looking for a turely brutal survival experience with immense attention to detail, this may be the game for you, provided you are able to deal with some of my previously mentioned grievances. The game has a few major flaws but has enough redeeming qualities for me to give it a recommendation."
,Recommended,248860,26606981,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Toboggan,"NEO Scavenger is one of my favorite survival games. It is a struggle, but it manages to stay interesting even after hundreds of hours. After you get past the minimal graphics and ui, it is an amazing game."
76561198263786097,Recommended,248860,29027469,Posted: 4 January,all,huskycatgrape,"I'm gonna keep this shortThis game is pretty dope, it's a really atmospheric and simple game, yet complex. Whenever you make a mistake you either get killed and learn what you did was wrong, or you spam click, survive, and ignore it. One of my only issues with the game is that the A.I. Is a bit unrealistic, for example, I found an unconscious man and waited for him to wake up, wondering if I'd be able to help him, but the second he woke up he charged me and I had to kill him. In an actual situation like this a normal person would try talking first or possibly surrendering. Another issue is when while your sleeping in a shelter with a noise trap enemies practically spawn standing on your chest with a shotgun in your mouth. That about does it with my complaints, but all in all it's a very fun and addicting game, I'm having a hard time putting it down."
76561198116868743,Recommended,248860,34415009,Posted: 22 August,all,JIMBODOOMFACE,"Proper good mate. I love starting as an intellectual and scrabbling around in the dirt, desperately trying to find enough scraps of pre-war technology to make something useful before getting killed in the dark by mangy feral dogs because I can't see or throw a punch. Or starting as an ex-amateur wrestler and kicking the crap out of all and any that come near with flawless victory after flawless victory, before tripping over something in the dark and getting eating by mangy feral dogs. Or starting as a jack of all trades and master of none and exploring all the local scavenging areas before dying of an unidentified blood disease I picked up whilst scrabbling through a broken window in an abandoned house. Dying is easy, living is hard.Top tip: drink lots of tea. It contains valuable antioxidants."
,Not Recommended,248860,15564068,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,AFashionableHat,"So I really, really wanted to like this game, because the amount of potential in this game is absolutely tremendous. The interplay between different systems and the really neat environment and design decisions should have made a great game.It didn't. There's not enough content for this game to shine, and because there's so little content the problems it has are made starkly apparent. Permadeath is not an inherently good or bad decision, but what it does in a game like NEO Scavenger is force the player through the same few bits of content over and over again. That content has an optimized solution, which means the first 5-10 minutes of every play-through are doing the exact same thing, every time, with no reason or reward from deviating from it. And then you end up at one of the pieces of game content that you _did_ play before, with functionally identical choices. And then you die, fairly or unfairly (and this game _loves_ unfair deaths; there are a number of places where you can die in a narrative scene because you didn't tag a skill!), and you get to do it again.A simulation game has to hide its brain to be deeply rewarding. This doesn't, and the narrative and the neat bits do not carry it through. Buy it for a couple bucks and play it once or twice, but at list price it is emphatically not worth your money because it will not respect your time."
76561198078679059,Recommended,248860,27029481,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,pb without the j,"neo scavenger is a game that comes out of the blue in the steam indie market. Some games are good, because you remember the time you met that NPC that you felt engaged, and connected too, and of how believable they were, and because of the epic landscape that makes you feel like you were living an alternate reality then a program installed onto your computer. And then there are some that have unecesary and game breaking mechanics that is more of a nusciance and a story that fells like it was put together with no thought and imagination making the experience into an endurance test. so where does Neo scavenger come in, it is a role playing, post apocalyptic survival game with a top down perspective on a map that closly resembles to a board game. The game in my opinion is one of the most emmersive games i have played for awhile and i have considerably played enough to know the positives and negatives and heres why:positivesif you watched the trailer of the game, you would have noticed that it has still images and is text based, thats because it is. It is a turn based game simmilar to the rpg genre but unlike most turn based rpgs, your actions are in sync with the npcs. whenever you talk to someone in a confrontation you could be at risk at being shot with a range weapon because, when were about to talk, that person blasted your head off because it was their intention. you can sneak up to npcs and kill them but the problem is that you dont know who your sneaking up to. you could end up killing a harmless scavenger then a raider makeing confrontations even harder. the game does a great job at making confrontations meaningful and difficult to handle without felling cheap and half fasted.you woundering what the story is about like what most games have, well NEO scavenger has a story which is unique and enagaging. The world has many factions that has changed the world in their own ways, but it more happens in the background and what you do have little to no affect on them. Because you cant be a force of nature saviour or villian, it is because you are human. You do not have any special superhuman skills that games secretly slip into your character and instead make random events and point of locations intense. you instead have to think through things because if you don't your going to die, alot. Did i mention that when you die, you die for good and that you have to restart the game. This is the level of detail simmilar to darksouls, only more soulcrushing as the world is belevable and you are quickly reminded your human because you tried to play hero against a healthy dogman.The survival mechanic has been thrown around recently in alot of indie games because game developers impiment this, but end up copy pasting and being bland because they forgot what makes survival fun. The developers have managed to make the survival genre good in their game as it makes you feel like your recovering from wounds and actually hunting and cooking food. Whenever you attempt to patch yourself up or feed yourself you have to do it manually and organically, you have to think whats right and wrong theres no indicator except for the multiple bars on the right that can be summed up as your health bar. Even fighting feels visceral and brutal. The game uses text to explain what part of the body you hit on an npc and that npc can be   also knocked out through pain (the same can happen to you).negativesThe game has its annoying nitpics that i have witnessed throughout the game like, why do i have an imaginary pocket for my cash and, why can i reload my gun and patch myself up in ONE TURN like im the flash (whenever you acsess your inventory the npc can now have a prolonged turn because you were busy BUT ONLY THIS as you can manage your inventory for as long as you want and the npc can't do anything about it). There are the problems with the limitations of the flash engine as sometimes your save file could be deleted (this only happened to me twice).skills can be a mixed bag. You can be a tough, melee botanist but end up dying because you didnt have the athletic attribute that can help you outrun the dogman or a feble, frail survivor thats good at hacking, electronics, mechanics with eagle eye and tracking but died to a good punch to the face from a raider skilled in melee. I managed to stop this with a mod called big bad cheater which give you a defect called mega human that gives you all the traits and still make you feel human without turning you into a god. Go to the blue bottle site and search it up, instaling is dificult so go to youtube to get help.conclusionI remeber having fond moments with i fight i had with a crazed, infected man with a loaded bow, got shot, pulled the arrows out which caused him to beg for mercy after what he witnessed, and killing him with multiple hatchet blows because he would have killed someone or infected them with a disease simmilar to the plague (the hatchet is not in the game it is a mod called Mighty Mini Mod of Doom which adds more equipment and an extended story line. It also works with Big bad cheater, i highly reccomend it). Neo scavenger is a game that may not be for everyone so in summary do you want:*be emmersed in a believable world*feel more of a human than a walking tank*get into fights with bloody detail, simmilar to manhunt*organicly complete tasks and naturally survive with a permadeath system*actually care about your actionsif this interests you, buy it you will never experience anything like this. The developers have done a great job at making a game true to their genre and i hope that they make games in the future with this much thought and imagination put into them like this simply made but absorbing game."
,Recommended,248860,25059271,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Kongwars,"This game is so good, but also very unpredictable: I was trying to talk to this stranger who approached me... did the same for 2 turns... my player stumbled to the ground and hit his head, fell unconscious and died. 10/10 would stumble again"
,Recommended,248860,31656742,Posted: 9 May,all,Remb,"One of the few games on Steam with the ""Survival"" tag that actually is a survival game. You will die."
,Recommended,248860,7972213,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Webzy,"What can I say about this game? It's fun, hard. and it's the best ten bucks I ever spent on an indie game. For anyone wondering if they should get it, yes! It will keep you entertained for hours to come."
,Recommended,248860,18853424,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,[CA]Pirate,I bought this to fill the void until Fallout 4 comes out and it was totally worth it. It's a great post-apocolyptic survival that's really hard and really fun. I die a lot and I've only really explored about 1/4 of the map so far but there's still lots to do and many more ways to die.
,Recommended,248860,17500693,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Deng XiaoBling,"The UI takes a little bit of time to get used to, but other than that, this is one of the best survival games I have played thus far. Highly reccomend, its extremely realistic and difficult but if you put in the time to improve, the game is amazing"
,Not Recommended,248860,34026442,Posted: 4 August,all,calibrojosh10,"What I liked:Inventory managementA true survival style gameWhat You Need to Know:This game always sounded so good to me, making me want to play it but I never would buy it. I finally did and was ultimately disappointedThe game is turned based which isn’t where the game went wrong. Being turned based lets you think about actions and plan ahead while also giving lots of options in combat.This game is not meant to be what most people expect a survival game to be, where combat or mining resources is not the main gameplay loop. This again is not bad; it focuses more scavenging supplies and staying away from dangers, sounds good right?The game starts to fall apart when you play the beginning over and over not really learning from mistakes as it’s really the RNG that will hurt you. Combat is stupid in the sense that a lot of the time you just encounter an enemy, no warning or true way to avoid enemies. You try to run, but it fails a lot. So you get hit and bleed to death. This isn’t fun. I don’t want to fight random enemies if I stay hidden and cover my tracks and won’t let me run away even when I’m athletic carrying nothingThere are some games in this genre that do focus on a story(War of Mine) and some that don’t(Zomboid). Neo Scavenger said it has a story. I didn’t feel like it did. I didn’t find much in the game. I do know looking it up that it’s found through playing and not spoon fed to you. Some might like this, I didn’t as looking on the wiki anyway seemed like the story was short, sparse and barely even enough to keep me playing. I just didn’t find any reason to care about this world sense it felt so empty.Also having no real end to the game means that you real just play till you get bored, as you have no closure of escaping, sustainability, or actually surviving. I know it can be hard to do with the survival aspect as that might hurt replayability, but I think that is false. If the game is fun, you’ll want to play it again and try something newOverall having a hardcore survival game experience dependent on the RNG nature can mean that no matter how good you are at the game, a bad roll can mean you die and have to start the same 30 minutes over getting boring fast. The story is so bare that it does nothing to give you a reason to continue playing and with no ending to the game and I have more games to play that will hook me; I’ll pass for games with better survival mechanics.My Score:DPaid: $4Main reason for dislike:  replaying the beginning so much, no real end goal and RNG that hurts the vibeBetter games that are similar I recommend:This War of Mine (has an end, story and no zombies)Project Zomboid(no story, zombies, no end atm)Darkwood ( story, has an end)Sunless Sea ( great world, and story, weak combat, no zombiest, has an end)State of Decay 2 (might be cool)"
,Recommended,248860,8700510,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,"Broseidon, Lord Of The Brocean",I put gummy bears in a pill bottle and passed it off to a family that needed medicine in exchange for food.10/10
76561198001784839,Not Recommended,248860,24364764,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Salty Jack,"I wanted to like it.  Biggest problem is the interface.  If only the interface was half  as good as Sword of the Stars: The Pit.  Because there is a great crafting and exploration and combat game hidden behind the Choose-yer-own-adventure style interface.  And it's roguelike permadeath with simplistic graphics.  I nearly deleted it once before, and then I found myself wanting to play it again because I seem to have a masochistic streak.  But after losing two 4-5 hour games, for basically no good reason, it's too brutal to play for me.  Maybe if it had a better interface.  I found the setting intriguing, I'll read up on their wiki... but it's not a game for me.   Too annoyed after the last game.  Deleting...."
,Recommended,248860,8943315,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,ThaMadd,Immediatly fell in love with this game after playing the demo.  This is my♥♥♥♥♥♥ Very realistic survival gameplay. Meets all my desires. Been addcited ever since.
76561198101796789,Recommended,248860,10306355,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Professor Fox,"Ok, to start out I want to say I love this game and any criticisms is because I want it to be better ok? Good! So in Neo Scavenger you are basically given one of two goals: A-Survive Or B-Story based playthroughs. to tell you the average life expectancy of any character is really not a for sure answer just because of the learning curve, this game takes micro-managing to quite a substantial level and unless you keep up with it you're gonna bleed out of your eyes and you won't notice because you didn't read the red text! Another great thing about this game is the combat system, rather than having a ""Health Bar"" it has more of a...""How much♥♥♥♥♥♥can you Eat Before you die"" bar, now what I mean by this is you can take hits to the face with a Crowbar and still have a chance of survival, even though at that point you'd probably be ""earing♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; thus the name! Genius! There is of course the as always Eating, Drinking, sleeping bars, but this game is kind of speacial due to it's tempature and pain bars, tempature is pretty self-explanatory so I'm going to stick to the ""Pain"" bar. It basically shows how badly your player is feeling so for example if he fell down he'd probably have a bum knee and that produces a bruise and minor pain, but if some dude rushes you with a cleaver and starts hacking into your stomach with it, he's gonna feel a little differently, And to wrap it up let's talk about the less than wanted things of about the game. Because of it's damage system and the random number generators you can sometimes get killed pretty ridiculously, for example I was killed once with a stick because he hit me in the head hard enough...Now while I like the damage system beacuse of it's complexity, that has to be fixed and I believe they are working on bugs like that, secondly the random number generator can be a real♥♥♥♥♥sometimes and even when you are supposed to be getting loot because you have a full loot chance bar you get nothing, I believe the developer is also looking into this. I really love this game and even though there are some rough patches I really hope the devolper can sand them down and hopefully bring this game to full potential! (Modding is involved in the game I did not cover it though because Steam doesn't have a Mod Page for it. Oh and by the way sorry for how long it is, there's just so much greatness in the game that giving it half a sentance didn't sit well with me.)"
,Recommended,248860,17443323,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Alexander,"Do whatever you want in NEO worldBut remember, plastic bag is your best friend."
76561197987655695,Recommended,248860,13408066,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,dsmit,"If you only like playing games with great graphics, move along.If you like playing games that are in-depth and make you feel like you are living in a different world, this is a game for you."
,Recommended,248860,8303874,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,William,"I really enjoy the game. Its nice, simple and not easy! I died so often by now :DI would just wish it would be a bit more ""real"". Since its strange that I can but a knife in a bandits head twice, but then I die from brain injury because he hit me with a crowbar once.Byside of that, great work!"
,Recommended,248860,11396819,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,lavender,"At first the amount of things happening in NEO Scavenger was overwhelming, but with time and practice I learned how to play, slowly understanding the wasteland. This game is fun, punishing, and definitely unforgiving. I really enjoy the Hex tiles that makes up the world map, the combat is rather deep, and it's a game that rewards thinking outside what you'd initially expect. This game is deep and smart and will make you sweat buckets as you carefully navigate perils.Definitely a must play if this kind of micromanaging is your kind of jam~"
76561198002123832,Recommended,248860,16583661,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,bacon,"If you like Fallout and you like survival games, Neo Scavenger is the game for you. It's one of the best RPGs I've played in a long time, with tons of exploration, meaningful choices with actual consequences, and tons of different ways to approach any problem. Most challenges are easily overcome if you're prepared, but the same challenges can still easily kill you if you rush in, and in most cases you only get one chance. Enemy threats are easily distinguishable on the world map, with all NPCs shown wearing the equipment they're carrying, which lets you guess at their faction, disposition, and danger level. Also, you get to kick a dogman's♥♥♥♥♥with your bare hands.Pros:- Exploration- Meaningful consequences to choices- Lots of interactions and events- Great art- Traits used often and in useful waysCons:- Somewhat limited variety crafting system- Crafting slows down noticeably when carrying lots of items, and may break sometimes- You -will- spend a lot of time playing inventory tetris- Be warned, this is a permadeath game (for those who this is a con)"
,Recommended,248860,32808698,Posted: 26 June,all,Syncro37,"Love this game. The survival aspect is challenging at first and the plot is spread out so you have an incentive to cross the landscape. The only unfair thing about this game is the menu events(imo) because it's pretty punishing to choose a seamless option and instantly die from it. I just created a permeate save to remedy that issue during the final part, although permadeath DOES add to the excitement.NEO Scavenger's strength lies in worldbuilding and it's game mechanics. The combat gives you a plethora of options like kick, drag, roll etc. Nature can assist and endanger you but it mostly endangers you :DIf you enjoy learning to live off a barren earth and exploring, Neoscavenger is your game.Cons:The AI interaction in random encounters lacks depth unless it's combat. Complex diplomacy is not this game's strong suit. This game makes sure to keep you alone in this world. You also can't attack the societies.Even though lots of the locations are randomized, the same ones appear on every map, so replay value comes more in experimenting with the menu interface than trekking unknown lands. I think this makes the second replay weaker than the first."
,Recommended,248860,8889595,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,N7Legion,"A very immersive post-apocalyptic game that comes with well-written stories, encounters and decisions. If you are a fan of immersion and scavenging for stuff, this game might suit for you. You can also play the demo version (2014) as well:http://bluebottlegames.com/main/node/21"
,Recommended,248860,28140660,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,TeehuBrum,"This is a exellent example on how hardcore suvival should be done. I hope the devs expand on this already amazing game. You want a survival game thats actually hard, unforgiving and that you need a brain for? You''ll need to take care of temperature, body health, food, water and none of these things are easy to care for. The combat is basic and mainly made of text but it sure is complex and realistic. If you have scratch for a good survival game that you want to be punished in, go for Neo Scavanger."
,Recommended,248860,16803535,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Chaos Berzerk,>Found decent clothing>Didn't die from hypothermia>Crafted a sling>Beated some bad muthas>Got some nice loot>Made a good camp in some woods>Hunted dogs and deer for food>Everything goes pretty well>Crafted a bow and some arrows>Ambushed a stranger>Shot him in the stomach>Stranger took off the arrow>Stabbed me in the chest>Kicked me until deathRespect for that badass stranger. 11/10
76561198123677114,Recommended,248860,19698426,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Fireheart74,"You think everything is going well, you think you're safe in this world. But then you go to sleep and a dogman rips you to peices. 10/10 would be ripped to peices again.But to be more serious the game is well made and the permadeath feature makes the game force you to learn from past mistakes, dying of hypothermia, getting shot to death by a bad mutha. All things that can be avoided. You live and learn in this game.The game may be basic but offers a wide array of replay to anyone. Dont like to bash people over the head with a club then avoid mele and pick ranged or the other way arround. The play style is up to you.So yes, i recommend this game, even more so if you get it on sale."
76561198064800171,Recommended,248860,13547419,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,chris_cz,"This game don't stop to surprise me with more and more complex deepness. Hard to explain to new-commers, i don't like long reviews, this is very falloutish, dark, crude and uncompromising turn based strategy with much better combat system i have seen around all over the years!Update:ok, now i own this madness for a 3.5 day and i got 53hours ingame!! The best survival i ever played and i played a lot of major survival hits here!Many things you will by consider as bug are not bugs, but the game mechanics.For instance in-combat foes names (leader) - they are changing it based on their stats. I love it because you simply has to recognize them by distance and by overal look. Everything is so immersive i can stop love it more and more!THIS IS SURVIVAL!"
76561198001841569,Recommended,248860,13537799,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Caridous,"After my 20th retry, i finally survived for a good chunk of time, only to die a slow diarrhea death, from what I assume was some dodgy marsh water (as my tester ran out of batteries, and I was too far from the charging station to no drink it.)Recommend for those who like quite challenging inventory management, in permanent ironman mode."
,Recommended,248860,12923672,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Trizzdog,Created aryan master race. Punched and killed furries. Ate people for kicks. Ended the night by downing a bottle of Wolverine Black and a whole bottle of Hydrocodone. Vomited violently all over myself and went unconcious. 420/69 would take off my necklace and get spooped again.
76561198013594452,Recommended,248860,13305663,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Firearm Encyclopedia,"Fantastic game, and gives you a real challenge. Considering there can only be one save file, and that when you die, your save file is deleted (permanent death), it keeps you on edge. When I end up dying after weeks of in-game survival, amassing a collection of fantastic gear, I don't feel angry or frustrated, so much as I feel optimism for the next try in this wasteland. It feels like every time I play, I learn something new. It will take a long time before the game begins to feel monotonous or annoying. I'm already over 35 hours in, and I look forward to more :)"
,Not Recommended,248860,31389155,Posted: 27 April,all,tieio,"Wow this game is hard! Have fun with that learning curve, no tutorial. I dislike it on a lot of levels but the lack of any explanation to what is going on is the clincher.EDIT - I gave this my opinion in honesty and reviewed it with a negative review but I am sick and tired of deleting fanboy comments every day blasting it, so in the end, I have been bullied into giving this a positive review so I can focus on other things.Edit again - I am leaving it negative now, if I see any fanboy comments I will just delete them and report them, the bullying will stop."
,Recommended,248860,14059915,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,pers0nage,"Waited for this game to be completed forever and then forgot about it. Well worth the wait. Now that it is out, GOTY 2014 as far as I am concerned. Very difficult."
,Recommended,248860,8133377,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,defect55,Hard as hell. Random and unforgiving.Very deep and fun gameplay.It is really fun waking up naked and scared. Then Finding a rock or stick and beating some random scavanger head for his empty gun.
,Recommended,248860,8586233,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,HAIL SATAN,"Well. What can I say about a game where a raider happens upon your shivering sleeping body in a burned out building and tries to steal your stuff. You catch him, house his♥♥♥♥♥ and then chop up his body with shards of glass and make a human meat sandwich."
,Recommended,248860,14805403,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Chris Hewson,"Alright, this game is honestly the best. With such minimal graphics and such incredible story telling it really lets you visualize the situations.Favorite situation; I found a lovely warehouse called ""Zom Zom's"", went in for the bbq, stayed to witness the randomly selected patron go in to fight a robot in the arena - and then went back for seconds.Got randomly selected for the robot fight arena.Finished my bbq skewer.Managed to actually break the damn robot while recieving a brutal beating!10/10 would battle robot for skewer again"
76561198021958222,Recommended,248860,21330718,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,keren,"Waking up with no food or water, wearing only a hospital gown,Scavenging a few derelict houses, realizing that plastic bags and chip packets are more usefull than mobile phones,Sleeping in a forest under a makeshift tarp tent in the rain, getting hypothermia,Eating nondescript mushrooms and having a nervous system breakdown,Being hunted down by a pack of wild dogs,Trying to fight them off with a pocket knife,Trying to cover up your tracks as you move between areas,Accidently Wearing your right shoe on the left foot, getting severe blisters and being unable to walk,Eventually dying from blood poisoning due to an infected dog bite,Never felt so good."
,Recommended,248860,23458004,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Griffin550,"Interesting game to say the least. And is quite difficuilt when it comes to surviving. If your a fan of those types of ""Scavange or you die"" type of games then you'll love this game. 10/10 would lose my backpack again."
,Recommended,248860,13021059,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Łithium,This game like so little others is a turely realistc survival game
,Recommended,248860,34507716,Posted: 26 August,all,SCP-1498,">dying of hypothermia>sees a bad motha who has full set of clothing>picks up two stones>attempt to chuck stones at bad motha>miss>attempt to kill him with fists>(note, is dying of hypothermia)>gets the ♥♥♥♥ beat out of>diesIf you wanna play this, prepare for some sweet rage."
,Recommended,248860,9413608,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Van 2,
,Recommended,248860,17479363,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,jeffix,"NEO Scavenger was on my wishlist for a long time, $15 seemed steep for a graphics/text game, let alone a rogue-like. Well, I got drunk one night and impulsively hit 'buy'. So now I have it, and I like it enough to give a review, which I don't usually do.NEO is brutal. This isn't the type of game where you play the ultra-altruistic ""Hero"" that saves everybody and looks good doing it. You'll live a lot longer if you take the attitude of ""desperate homeless guy that doesn't want to get involved in your♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;.When you die, it's over. No going back to a previous save. You just start over from scratch.The learning curve is a little bit steep, but so rewarding once you get there. My first several hours I went through at least half a dozen deaths. I learned to avoid fights. To clean my wounds before bandaging them. I learned to not ever eat yellow berries. I rage quit twice. I came back twice.Now, I've got a rifle (with ELEVEN bullets!), a warm coat and enough clean water to last me a week. I'm unstoppable, king of all there is in this wasteland.Except that I'm not. I still run away from everything that moves, I only camp in secluded buildings, diligently cover my tracks behind me and always keep an eye over my shoulder.And that's how it should be. I survived for this long because I learned how to live in the wasteland. I didn't get a bunch of XP from slaughtering hundreds of enemies and then suddenly become immune to a bullet to the brainpan.That's what I love about this game. The ""XP"" is your own damn brain. Learning how to craft the things you need. How to avoid those looters in the distance. Knowing that I've gotten as far as I have by not making mistakes.NEO has an outrageous amount of complexity that you would never know exists until you go looking for it. If you're on the fence, just buy it. Well worth the money spent.One last tip: If you're new, take botany. Makes the game a little more forgiving since you won't really have to worry about food & drink."
,Recommended,248860,18273429,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Mactasia,"If agonising over inventory in RPGs is your thing, this game is heaven. Unforgiving, brutal, but deeply rewarding. A grade above the slew of survival game sludge on the market at the moment, this game is a throwback to the golden era of 1990's PC classics, rewarding patience and forethought."
76561198037750389,Recommended,248860,18913064,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Brandon,"I love this game it's turn base and world and story is like no other, the problem I have is the save function, yes it adds challenge to the game but it ultimately keeps me from playing it because then it's just routine until I get killed by a guy with no weapon and I have a spear, then I start all over again."
76561198192316310,Recommended,248860,25776622,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,cdrive1,"-Starts first run-Dies while not fighting a single thing but managing stuff better.-Starts second run, same build except for one different skill-Both runs have me kill the Dogman with my barehands, unscathed.-Kills a Feral Dog Leader with no trouble whatsoever by kicking and punching it until it dies from interal bleeding.-Forces a theving man to run away after a few rounds.-Gets cold, hungry, and thirsty, having not kept an eye on the bars until too late.-Stuff breaks, thus losing most of the stuff that would have REALLY helped me.-Meanest Son of a ♥♥♥♥♥ in the whole Goddamned Valley dies unceremoniously of Hypothermia.-Reads up and continues playing.-Recommends game."
,Recommended,248860,31264859,Posted: 20 April,all,Gene Pool Lifeguard,>find city after 3 attempts and find myself able to purchase literally everything I used to kill people in their sleep for>have a hot meal and and leave into a much less scary world>2 tiles later I instantly have my brains blown out by a sniperI'm speechless.
76561198018884798,Recommended,248860,8750086,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,RalphRoberts,"In light of the fact that this game is done being developed, I've decided to rewrite my review.A fantastic game in which you have to survive in a world that isn't so much out to kill you as it just doesn't care that you exist. You don't get superpowers, crazy damage resistence, favorable loot spawns or anything like that, you are just another person scrounging a living off the wasteland that used to be Michigan.I'd give it a 10/10And in case that doesn't convince you, there's a demo you can try out to get an idea of what the game is like. Don't waste your time reading more reviews, go get started!"
,Recommended,248860,14146824,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Er_Kamma,"Placed the wrong shoe in the wrong feet. Died.10/10 would place it wrong again.EDIT: it's been a long time since i've played this, and it's hasn't failed me yet.Today i played a little bit, to see what could possibly happen this time. Looks like my character fell asleep meanwhile fighting to some ""bad thug"". After I woke up I noticed that the enemy tripped in one of my traps and was dead. How the f*** can I be so smart?I later died by hypotermia because before dying, the enemy took all my things."
,Recommended,248860,25958406,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,go easy on me :*,Is it ever going to be updated again?
76561197985345570,Not Recommended,248860,14439020,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,arkangelgofgmono,"Brilliant game with a real feeling of fear and post apocalyptic gameplay. The problem with the game is that it is ridiculously chance derived and geared towards grinding. Yes I understand it is a ""rogue like game"" but it takes the worst elements of rogue like and runs under them with a banner off a cliff. Practically the only way to play this game for more then a few minutes is by save scumming through it but even with that its so tedious and repetitive that the novelty  behind this game wears off fast. The story-line is almost nonexistent and is stringed out like a carrot on a stick. Its sad because I want to like this game. It has all of the essential qualities of being an amazing game and had the developers spent a little more time working on it then this would have been one of my favorite games. Sadly they didn't spend the extra time and this is just kind of a mediocre game that has some cool ideas behind it that aren't fully developed."
,Recommended,248860,8766176,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,wizardtrain187,"NEO Scavenger gives you an indepth survival experience without the system becoming too cumbersome. It's definetely a ""One More Try"" kind of game and each session feels completely different from the last. That being said, this is not a game for anyone looking for a comfy and cozy experience; NEO Scavenger can be brutal.The turn based approach is unique with regards to survival games, but it works here as you're given ample time to make the best choices possible. This is a good thing as the game can be very intense at times, especially when you're sick, injured or pursued by dog men.Props for the developer for inserting quite a bit of Michigan/Northern Indiana cryptozoology and myths (I'm been obsessed with  ""melonheads"" since reading through Weird Michigan on my way back from my honeymoon)."
76561198059971940,Recommended,248860,8772723,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Trizzle,I have never been a big fan of text-based games. In fact i tend to hate them. NEO Scavenger is the greatest exception. The traits you choose have the greatest impact on game progression and can save your skin or doom you from the start. Scavenge through destroyed towns and ruined cities praying you find any scrap of food or warm clothing before starving to death or freezing... the list goes on. Of course its unfinished so variety in items is limited but future updates are to come and are highly anticipated. It is worth the price and i promise you will be entertained for hours.
76561198034170537,Recommended,248860,8255064,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,サラマンダー.salamader,This game is incredible
76561198042287562,Recommended,248860,25317032,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Maggotheart,"This is a wonderful little roguelike survival, scavenging, crafting and exploration game. Trait based character system, wound based health, inventory micromanagement, CYOA segments and merciless combat. You can survive with a little luck and careful planning, but you will be ruthlessly punished for any mistakes.This is one of those games that has crawled into my head and taken up a permanent residence there. I can't stop coming back to it.Good developer too. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,248860,9408366,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Detective Chmilewsky,"F*cking buy it, it's great."
,Recommended,248860,10173268,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,scatward shitstains,"So, basically you have lost all your memory after waking up from Cryo Sleep, in an abandoned Cryo Facility in an extremely cold Michigan.You then start looting stuff, most importantly clothes for warmth before the night falls and you freeze to death, then food, and then a weapon to have atleast small chances of winning a fight you might get into.The game has a very good story line, not gonna spoil it.What I like on this game the most, is that it's simple and complex at the same time.That means it's mainly hex 'n' text based, you will not encounter any animations besides rain and snow (if you make it that far, that is.)And you can simply just go around loot stuff and use them against people and for you.But you can also do alot more, like for smallest examples, boil river / lake / marsh water to sterilize it instead of directly drinking it and risking infections and illnesses.Or you could take a branch and sharpen it with a knife, or add sharp objects into it to make it a broad spear.The combat also, pretty simple yet complex.You CAN win a fight by simply repeatedly pushing the attack button, but you can also win a fight by playing much more tactically, luring people into traps, using the environment to your help etc, and win that fight even better without any injuries.You can either follow the storyline, finding out who you are / were, or you can just do open world play and survive in the harsh environment.It might look like a simple game at first, but I promise you that there's A WHOLE LOT MORE into this.The crafting system is VERY deep, and you can craft QUITE alot, I'm playing it since a long time (before steam release) and still haven't had every single crafted item in the game.It has a wiki with alot of hints and tips about everything in the game.Also, for modders:It has modding support, VERY easy at that.To add just about anything, that is encounters, items, combat moves etc.. you just have to add some new lines into the .xml file, and the forum includes alot of documentation on how to do that.I do recommend this game because it's simply awesome and has a very long and big replayability rate.Also, did I mention the map gets randomized every time you play (besides the story hexes) ?"
76561198080718800,Recommended,248860,8753299,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,JesusAndTheLeopards,"This game is simply spectacular! Do not be fooled by its simple design it is very complex with loads of a layers. NEO scavenger tells a tale that won't soon be forgotten! If you are on the fence about purchasing the game try the demo, it's loads of fun, but it is amazing how many more features the full version has, making it the same core game yet feel like the second edition to this game. I look forward to see what this game will have in store for us in the future!"
,Recommended,248860,8610998,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Karmaelleon,"Although the graphics can be out right disgusting and the learning curve in the game is at an all time high. With countless early game deaths due to hypothermia or a nasty encounter. If you are willing to stick around to find that right strategy, this one has quickly become an addictive addition to my collection. I wholeheartedly suggest to the fans of survival games to give this one a try at the very least the demo. For the faint of heart or quick tempered steer clear. This title is full of conditions that will have even the heartiest adventure tripping over your own two feet.(in some cases quite literally) But if you are looking for a new challenge to this genre you will make a happy new find in this game."
76561198011368292,Recommended,248860,8360015,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Vynik21,"Half roguelike, half text adventure RPG/adventure game, NEO Scavenger is definitely something new.  I picked it up after watching a couple of YouTube videos, planned on playing for a few minutes, and found myself trying to beat a bandit to death with a rock while I coughed up blood.  Limping away from the fight, I died moments later from acute blood loss.It's a brutal but phenomenal game.  It relies heavily on your own imagination which, in my opinion, makes it that much more powerful.  It is one of the only games that captures the bleakness and terror of the situation.  One moment you're strutting along with a shotgun in hand, a smile on your face, and the next, you're panicking because you drank contaminated water.  You're sick, coughing, vomiting, and it's all over.Phenomental, wonderful game and a great replayable experience.  Just be prepared to lose because it is a *difficult* game."
76561198063365261,Recommended,248860,8414286,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,SeattlePoliceman,"Neo Scavenger is a very fun game that puts you survival skills to the test, you have the ability to choose your skills at the begining, skill include, strong, medic, botany, and much more. note: if you like action packed shoot'em'up games, than this game is not for you.  8/10"
,Recommended,248860,8241503,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Kilo,Had a issue where it started rapidly ending turns with out allowing me to input any commands please fix that other wise great if some what annoying game
,Recommended,248860,12340351,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,fidgitswift,"This title gives you tons of liberty in crafting, and doesn't frustrate you when you have to start over again and again.Turn-based adds intensity, especially when you're thirsty and water is a few hexes away from reach.Combat leaves you with total control over your end of the situation, and crafting can be augmented by one of your abilities that you choose at the start of the game.There's so much to explore, and I haven't really been in the same situation twice (after start game squence).It's not, ""how do I beat this?"" and more ""how long will I survive?""With different situations, tons of options, and choice the way you survive, Neo Scavenger is fun to play over and over again."
76561197996970170,Recommended,248860,11356263,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,laufing_man,"This game doesn't have next gen graphics.  This game is not friendly.  This game will kill you over an over.  But this game is my new favorite game.  I have been looking at in steam for a while, intrigued, but I finally bought it.  It's amazing!  But like I said if mind blowing graphics are what you're looking for that's not this game.  On the other hand if you're looking for an extremely fun and difficult game then this is it.  Honestly this game has made other games less fun because of how awesome it is!"
,Recommended,248860,11413833,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,BuckUnderbrush,This is exactly the kind of game I have been looking for.Can't wait 'til it's done.
76561198072558535,Recommended,248860,29429674,Posted: 22 January,all,isilber99,"Brutally difficult, incredibly fun"
,Recommended,248860,28697591,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Lightning Wolf,"Frustrating as hell because when you die you have to start over from the beginning.... and you die alot. Even still, its stupidly addictive. The writting is amazing and the lore seems super deep, but because of that first part you dont get to enjoy it in its entirity. Would be perfect if they made a non-permadeath mode where you can respawn at the last camp you made, but other then that its a fun, addictive game."
,Recommended,248860,29153710,Posted: 9 January,all,Crugnor,I adore this game. Hugely addictive and genuinely challenging. Expect to die a lot and get punished for your mistakes.
,Recommended,248860,8149645,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Devetta,"Easily my favourite indie game in a while, though the learning curve is fairly steep you will get thoroughly addicted as you progress. The community is nice and the developer is very active."
,Recommended,248860,11528723,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,poopballoon,The best roguelike I've ever played.
76561198045120529,Recommended,248860,8626413,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Aneyh,"This game is incredble. I recommend this game to anyone who's looking for a dialog-based survival game! From the moment you awake from cryo sleep the first thing you will realize that it has lots of protential to be a great game. So i recommend you help the developers make this into the best dialog-based survival game in 2014!!!!P.S: Don't forget getting into combat knowing that this NPC has better loot then you. So you do the impossible. You dodge the incoming blow from his monkey wrench,then you do a few blows to his stomach. Thus making the NPC fall and have a fructured rib and coughing blood. Then you finish him with 5 kicks to the face while the NPC is on the ground. Also giving him a concussion and eventullay dieing from blood loss. After doing the impossible you can loot the NPC's cloth,weapons,antibiotic,etc.Now, your that OP guy that no NPC wnats to mess with :DGoodbye!!!"
,Recommended,248860,9077253,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Master Tremere,One of those games that punch you in the gut and take your money and call you a loser like I did to you in highschool.
,Recommended,248860,25035705,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,WolvesBlood 🐺,"Really adictive gameplay, love how it's an post-apocalyptic survival game with out Zombies. Not a lot of though games on the market, now if you could have followers and make your own settlement kinda thing along with a way to regain equipment lost from the last Charactor making a new mode called Sandbox or something would be cool. I've probably have been killed by a pack of dogs then anything else in this game to be honest. While on the topic of dogs, while hiding inside of a building for i.e the cryo cell 17(or what ever its called) something with High levels of everything you would need to stay safe/hidden from the outside world/elements. Animals shouldnt beable to get to you they don't have hands to open doors or at lest have it so you can border your self off from people cuze sleeping is the second deadlist thing in this game to do. With all that said i would give this game an 8.5-10. keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,248860,23739633,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,bleachedjoy,"I had never played a turn based game before I picked up Neo Scavenger, and man, did I miss out. It's a truly unique experience, and kept me coming back for more. Every time I would die, with a fully loaded character and everything, I got mad and started over. Some might say there isn't a lot in regards to the game, and I can see why they say that. There aren't a whole lot of places, but enough for me to keep my simple mind occupied.If you want to add more to the game, you can always download mods to enhance your experience.I highly reccomend this game and wish there was a bigger fanbase."
,Recommended,248860,24323875,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,R0BIT KING,"Ah, this game returns me to the good 'ol days of dugeon master. A very nice, but at some times intense, text-based open world RPG is always a good way too kill time. I found myself trapped in this game for a few hours, trying every combination of character traits and items and shelters until I found the combination that best suited me. The game also includes a deeply satisfying narrative and atmosphere, one which lacks in many more complex games. In a simpler sense:Pros:+Unique, although simple, graphics+Satisfying narrative+Immersive and well-thought out atmosphere+Interesting and innovative game mechanics+Nice UI+In-depth interaction and self-interaction mechanics+Very interesting health system+Easy to learn, hard to master+Overall very nice feel and well-polished gameCons:-Lack of items (which is especially discouraging for an open-world survival game)-Lack of enemies-Narrative and discovery dwindles as the game progresses-Single storyline with little variationOverall:4/5. I really enjoyed this one. It has it's problems, but all in all it was very fun to play."
,Recommended,248860,8802511,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,30phil1,"(This review has changed for the third time on 6/31/17)Being the first game I ever bought on Steam all those years ago, I feel like I should recommend this game. I already had written two seperate reviews in favor of it. So why do I feel like flipping that  big thumb upside down? Well, I've realized that this just isn't a good game. My issues with it just pile up when you actually look at it objectively. (Skip to the list now if you just want a brief overview without too much reading.)For starters, the RNG is ridiculous sometimes. I've had some playthroughs were I magically managed to kill one of the most powerful things in the game with nothing more than a hoodie and a stick. Other times, I take about three steps away from the start and a thing called a Mega Wraith comes by and slaughters me. Both of these things have happened at least twice.OK, lets say that RNGeezus is on your side and you managed to become an absolute tank. Now what? To be honest, I'm still not sure. I've got to the lengths of cheating the game and there's nothing else to it. You can go and do the story for a bit. A really small bit. I mean,you don't do anything in the story!No really, I've tried every dialogue choice and item combination allowed in the first ""encounter"" of the story. They all end with you being given a task -- a fetch-quest to get the ""Vase of McGuffin"" or something equally ridiculous -- that will either kill you if you're not a tank and bore you to tears if you can survive. Oh, did I forget to mention that it never tells you were the dang thing even is?! This is where my playthroughs tend to end.Last thing before I let the bulletpoints take over. Did I forget to mention this is as polished as a rusty machete? It's running in godforsaken,2005 Newgrounds,Adobe Flash for crying out loud! It also barely understands what a 1080p screen even is. I never noticed this for a long time but I used to play this exclusively on my laptop from... huh... it was from 2005 as well.PROS...- More in-depth than any other post-apocalyptic survival games I have ever played.- Kinda funny predicaments like getting your head LITTERALLY CRUSHED by something called a ""Mega Wraith""- Story is not necessary. Really, you can just jump in, not read anything and still have a good time. Great for when you don't have a lot of time to spend- Addicting. Beacuse you die so much, you constantly have that Flappy-Bird-ish, ""Just one more turn"" mentality (see CONS)CONS...- More expensive than I would like. Maybe thats just me but it just doesn't feel all that polished. In fact, it's still running in Adobe Flash!- Really hard. Since it's randomly generated, it takes a whole lot of luck to not die before you can even have a fighting chance.- Too much cussing in the main story. This might be my personal taste but some of the cursing in the game feels forced and unnecessary.- Ultimately pathetic story. If you do choose to play the main story, you'll eventually feel either A) disappointed with how it's handled or B) be completely and hopelessly lost. After the first meaningful encounter with the story, they pretty much give you the boot out of anything you might find helpful and pretty much tell you to do a fetch quest. A quest, mind you, that never once tells you how to complete it.I'm disappointed to have to turn my back on this game but I feel like it's just not good enough to recommend. Play the demo and leave it there. You've already played all the fun bits.30phil1 wrote a review30phil1 posted the review30phil1 played NEO Scavenger30phil1's head was crushed by Mega Wraith's grasp30phil1 died of trumatic brain injury*End Turn*"
76561197969429444,Recommended,248860,8083191,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,shabowie,Awesome turn based RPG about surviving in a post apocalyptic world and finding answers as to your identity and how you got there.  Pretty much the best $10 game I've ever played.
,Recommended,248860,13403462,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Cobrastan,A post-apocaliptic shoe trading sim.Oh there's also a storyline and brilliant turn based combat as well as a wide variety of weapons and an innovative crafiting system.
76561198048012942,Recommended,248860,16509796,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,AGRIPPA,"One of the finest post-apocalyptic roguelikes I've ever had the chance to play. Think Wasteland meets Dayz, with a dash of old-school text games like Zork. You won't be disappointed.Pros:-Unique storyline, with unforgiving decision making-Brutally realistic survivalist scenarios-Roguelike character creation guarantees variegated playthroughs-Retro UI with innovative and intuitive item system-Unpredictable gameplay keeps replay value high-Permadeath = high-stakesCons:-Prepare to die. Often.10/10 - Dysentery can suck my♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,248860,19710301,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,(Wdogs) Payroll,An awesome little game to fill in free time.  Always a new adventure and the dev is up on keeping the game updated and putting in new things for players to do.
,Recommended,248860,19686201,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,alexpagella,"Survival Time: 4 days, 6.96 hours.Final Moments:Dogman's left arm became crippled.Dogman is stunned and unable to move for a moment.Player smashed Dogman's lower left arm with a crowbar.Player crushed Dogman's lower chest with a crowbar.Dogman is coughing up blood.Dogman is in severe pain, and is having trouble concentrating.** End Turn **Player is bleeding.Player is unconscious.Player fell to the ground, and must regain footing to continue.Player is exposed to easy attack for a moment.Player passed out from unbearable pain.Dogman is bleeding.** End Turn **Player is bleeding.Dogman is bleeding.Player: ...zzz...Dogman attacks Player...and hits!Dogman shredded Player's lower chest with a claw.Player is coughing up blood.Player died due to acute bleeding in the lungs.** End Turn **Player is hungry.Player is unconscious.Player is using an optical magnification device.Player contracted cholera.Player is skilled in hand-to-hand combat. Melee weapons are more effective and degrade slower.Player is skilled in obscuring the trail they leave behind and tracking others.Player is strong, and can carry more than most.Player is comfortable.Player is unburdened by what they're carrying.Player is well-rested.Player's thirst is slaked.Player is bleeding.Player is wearing the protective talisman.Player fell to the ground, and must regain footing to continue.Player has a normal circulation of blood.Player passed out from unbearable pain.Player's immune system is healthy.Player's right arm became crippled.Player died due to acute bleeding in the lungs.Player contracted pneumonia.Player is coughing up blood.Player examined the tracks in the cryo facility.Player is knowledgeable in plants.Player discovered the bank account info at the cryo facility.Player knows that the creature coming down the hall was a dogman.Player already had DMC guard conversation 1.Player already had DMC guard conversation 2.Player is wearing a wrist strap from Gyges Cryo Facility.Player is wearing a crude air filter.Player saw the glow in the east.Player has not acted significantly more evil or good.Had a damn good run, got killed by a dogman."
,Recommended,248860,19704308,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Lamar1226,very challenging and fun survival game. i feel like i havent even scratched the surface after 18 hours of play but its just so damn hard to not die!!!
,Recommended,248860,8787810,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,PsychoCandy,"I let my curiosity draw me into a lit-up warehouse pumping industrial tunes and full of ragged and sick looking stragglers. I survived an arena battle put on by some deprvied sickos. I may or may not have eaten human meat. I encountered two bandits and managed to cripple one badly with a crowbar. I was eventually tackled and beaten to death by his flashlight-weilding sidekick. I survived just under 2 days. Amazing game. If you have a love for rogue-likes and ""story making"" games then you should support NEO Scavenger. It can only get better from here."
,Recommended,248860,10820176,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Monstercade,"+ Versatile crafting system where recipes are discovered either by random tinkering or by little ""scraps of paper"" found in the world.+ Multiple skills which have an important impact on playstyle. Whether combat is even worth it or not depends a lot on your skills - avoidance is very often the better option.+ Crafting is actually very important and useful.+ Very few, if any, items which act as a be-all-end-all.+ Except for early hypothermia, if you die, it was most likely a bad decision on your part. Often, the connection between cause and effect is extremely convoluted and indirect.+ Multiple survival factors which have to be controlled in unique ways.+ Interesting combat system that doesn't make the player the automatic most likely victor.- Player has frozen to death. Player has frozen to death. Player has frozen to death. Player has frozen to death. Player has frozen to death. Player has frozen to death. Player has frozen to death. Player has frozen to death.(read: the early stages of the game are aggravating.)- No substantial SFX or graphics.- Scavenging, while an important feature, is lacking in depth. It will hopefully see some kind of minigame attached later in the beta.92 / 100"
,Recommended,248860,9024398,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Dogbert,"Really fun, but extremely hard to last more than 1 day."
,Recommended,248860,29053019,Posted: 5 January,all,Bitchboy Supreme,"Man do I love simulating the life of a homeless man, lapping at puddles on the ground for hydration, beating people to death for a left shoe, mind you for your right foot. Damn, this is some good fun."
76561198049696596,Recommended,248860,12702690,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Defcon_,"Words truly are hard to find to accurately describe this game. First word that comes to mind however is addiction. I am most definitely addicted to this game. The world is unforgiving, ever-changing, and surprisingly immersive. The game is a continuous challenge that seems to have a mind of its own; coaxing you on at times, then ruthlessly crushing your hopes and dreams the next instant. Its infuriating, awesome, and addicting. Buy it."
,Recommended,248860,25557253,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Putty,"Underrated game. If you like turn based RPGs like the original Fallout games, then you might like Neo Scavenger, but it's not for everyone. Neo Scavenger is focused on surviving, and really, only surviving. There's a story, but I wouldn't buy the game for that. I would suggest for you to try the demo version, but I think it's based on an older version of the game. My only complaint is that you can't turn off permadeath, and you will ALWAYS have to restart whenever you die, however there are workarounds. It's a pain in the neck, but you can go into the game files, then get the actual save file, and then copy it somewhere else. And when you die, you just plop it back into the folder... Easy-ish."
76561197999498341,Recommended,248860,35163613,Posted: 23 September,all,No.3 Mole,"Very deep and intriguing game made by someone who has never worn a hoodie or cargo pants in their life.Those clothes add some inventory spaces to stash items in the game, but the space isn't enough to fit a standard plastic water bottle. Who has ever heard of hoodies or cargo pants with pockets too small to accommodate a single plastic water bottle?? Preposterous!Other than that, very cool (if a bit intimidating) of a game. Very much about careful movement and meticulous inventory management. Recommended to fans of extremely deep RPGs that offer little in the way of graphics, such as Conquest of Elysium. If you can't get past a game not having much to look at or want something a little less staggeringly intricate, maybe look elsewhere."
,Recommended,248860,25365101,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,roguefrog,"NEO Scavenger is a great survival game/roguelike set in a post apocalyptic Michigan setting with supernatural and cyperpunk elements. Emphasis on those elements taking a back seat to survival with perma-death.You will die a lot. Engaging in combat can be very fatal, but it works both ways. The more you get hit, the worst you get, but the same applies to the other ""guy"".Perhapes the most harrowing aspects after you figure out how to survive and thrive in the harsh overworld is the special and random encounters, which are a seperate game in themselves. They can result in instant death based on your choices, so you have to choose wisely. As a word of advice, don't take risks! (You are not superman!)"
,Recommended,248860,8549279,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Rodzilla,"4/5Easily one of the most impressive survival games I've played to date. A lot of people might say something along the lines of "".. but the graphics aren't great at all.."" and thats okay. But what this game lacks in graphics, it more than makes up for in the mechanics and detail.It will suck you in, probably even make you mad a little bit, but thats the beauty of it! NEO Scavanger tests your wits and your patience. Your cunning and intellect. Crafting is a huge part of the game. You have to gather supplies and build shelter and weapons, tools and clothes, hunt deer and trap squirrels. Wasteland raiders and looters roam the countryside, so watch out! You can get inflicted with a crap ton of bad status ailments such as Hypothermia, Sephis, infections, concussions, starvation, dehydration, poison, internal bleeding, and much... MUCH more! It is very challenging and makes you think about EVERY move before you make it!Look... even if you know you don't want to spend the money to buy it (which is still only $10), it is at least worth DLing the demo. That's what I did... and now I'm hooked.Good Gaming,Yeticlone"
,Recommended,248860,23550465,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Tanner Needs Sleep,"This game can be frustrating at first, the first few (many) lives you play will often end in the same ways: freezing, beaten to death while you're half naked, more freezing. It takes patience, practice, and more than a little luck to get off to a good start. You learn what skills you should select, what risks you should take, and where all of the good stuff can be found.This is a fun game, it just takes a little getting used to."
,Recommended,248860,8054496,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,♫Chibi-Alien,"I have played A LOT of games this year. Not a single one has captivated me in such a short time as NEO Scavenger. This game's exterior is rather simple, but once you get in and start playing, you will no doubt be in awe of the depth of its mechanics. The amount of freedom in the choices you can make, and how they affect you living or dying (sometimes terribly...) is unprecedented. Almost everything you could think of doing in order to survive in a post-apocalyptic world is in some way built into this game. and it not even finished yet! Give the demo a try and see what i mean... My hat off to Blue Bottle Games for what they have created."
76561198022892087,Recommended,248860,9621461,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,bobbymitchell78,I never write these but what the hell. I think the idea is there i come back to this when I am tired of playing big name games. It really make you think about what to do next.
,Recommended,248860,8213125,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Crushfield,"Hobo Simulator: Year Unknown, never thought id love finding an empty grocery bag...On a serious note:NeoScavenger's gameplay weighs heavy on inventory management and making the best of ALL of your surroundings, while trying to use your skills/perks. The decisions you make will make or break your adventure. You will die, you will learn from your mistakes and normally make it further each time you play. The post-apoc story is reminiscent of fallout but feels more like the movie ""Escape from LA"". This is a true rougue-like in nature, but its also a hardcore survival game with an immersive and rewarding crafting system. I find it quite addictive."
,Recommended,248860,12148062,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,OL3,Relaxing Turn-based survival game. Perfect game when you are calmed9/10
76561198082487895,Recommended,248860,8773460,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Clarke the Nutcracker,"The game is realy realistic which makes it so more challenging and fun, i dont play many rpgs but thanks to this game im looking to play more of them in the coming future 9 out of 10"
,Recommended,248860,14855693,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,jek,"Don't play as the nice guy...It will get you killed. Except if they are like millitarry guys who look like ninjas, those are the DMC gaurds. For the love of christ DONT attack them."
76561198080495138,Recommended,248860,21468686,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,LazyTree,"So I was fighting this one Mutha and we both reduced each other to near death. I ended up blacking out and waking up to find my gun stolen as well as other stuff on me. I find him one hex to the left unconscious so I walk up to him and cave his skull in. Got my stuff back, made a full recovery, then died of cholera a week later.It's fun!As you can guess from the story above, this game is hard. A single person can be your end. A night's sleep can go interupted from intruders. Hunger, hydration, disease, heat and cold. All things you have to worry about. Not to mention encounters that lead to insta-kill.The story is a right interesting one as you slowly understand the reality the world and your origin through specific encounters in Michigan.Also, there's mods!"
,Recommended,248860,16608246,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Shye,GG best disease simulator
,Recommended,248860,10505943,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Nereviar,"This game is wonderful. Amongst all the ""survivor style"" games that seems to be coming out lately, there is this little gem. A very simplistic HUD and map (reminds me of the old Fallout games!) but a complex system of hunger, thirst, crafting and lots of oher things needed to do to survive."
,Recommended,248860,7979257,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Beanchilla,"NEO Scavenger is the best roguelike to grace steam in some time. It's not about grinding, leveling up or anything like that. It's far more of a roguelike survival simulation. Only unlike Waywards island sim this game is more akin to the movie The Road or th S.T.A.L.K.E.R. series.It's desperateand meaningful combat involves you sneaking around, pulling people down, parrying, stabbing, swinging and doing everything you can to win. While a win feels great, the person you're facing is often in the same shoes as you.As for graphics everything is nicely drawn. Icons are easy to see and understand, the world is big but easy to navigate, the hand drawn figures range from average to awesome. It's not the best looking game but it's got a gritty atmosphere about it and it works great with the music.As for the sim part, this game just shines. Plastic bags will rip and you'll lose items, certain items can't be put into shopping carts because of the wholes in the frame, you'll be dumping pills out of small pill containers and putting them into larger ones so you can carry more.For a turn based game played on a hex grid, this is game can really get to you. I definitely suggest picking it up."
,Recommended,248860,7986971,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,hanky,"If you ever wanted a game that blends Oregon Trail and Fallout but with total emphasis on player response-ability (yes I mean response-ability) then go try the demo of this game right now. Although brutal from the start (I survived 3 hours my first playthrough), the more you play this game and the more time you devote to figuring out what skills/items/reactions will help you survive depending on the given situation (Hint: run) the more satisfying it is when you reach the point of gun-toting, berry-eating, sleeping-bag-sleeping, Dogman slaying badass, ONLY to die of diarrhea (RIP colon). And in the total stupor of ""how did... that... why?"" begin another playthrough and start the whole brutal endeavor all over again- BUT this time ready to defeat the mutated Detroit Diarrhea of the future with the knowledge gleaned from your frothy death (Hint #2: boil your damn water). Excellent! Fine! Stupendous! Here we go again! Thanks to procedurally generated environments, the game feels fresh every time you restart it. New buildings to scavenge, new bandits to hoot and holler at, and the realization that the best weapon of all in this game isn't your .308 rifle with 2 bullets, but simply the knowhow to just run the hell away and live another night. I will recommend this game to anyone I give a damn about and use it as a litmus to test to see if I'll get a hold of them when the world goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥ Thanks for making this and keep making great games!"
76561198029790575,Recommended,248860,18017320,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,black-fm,"First character's life expectancy is some few hours. By the 10th you should be able to survive for one day. An then the gun-carrying character, surviving for a whole week, who are you so proud of, will be killed by a swing of a crowbar. Damn, time to restart."
76561198033023686,Recommended,248860,17715633,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Calmor,"NEO Scavenger is a very different game. I haven't played many like it, and certainly not any that I have enjoyed as much. It's a complicatedly simple game. It nearly masters survival against the elements, finding and cleaning water to drink, gathering plants for food or beating a deer to death with your bare hands for food.It's style will put a lot of people off. It is a text game at it's descriptive and story core, something I am absolutely fine with, coupled with a hex based pixelated landscape. The controls are entirely mouse based or a combination of mouse and keyboard, and while it can seem strange and complex at first, a few playthroughs and you'll master them.Another thing that will put people off is it's genre. It is that, no common, ""rouge-like."" When you die, you're kaput for good, and you start another play through. I liken it to Faster Than Light, in that aspect. Not just for it's art style and rouge-likeness, but for how you can upgrade your character, or ship/crew in FTL, and progress in the story only to die horrbily.One great thing about NEO Scavenger is it's story. What is its story? I can tell you that you play as Philip Kindred who, after some odd years of cryo-stasis, wakes up in a world vastly different from what used to be. Kindred doesn't know that, of course, since he's conviently lost his memory. That's what you learn at the start, and that's where the story can end for you.You can spend all of your time in NEO Scavenger simply getting better loot and surviving for as long as possible. The only way to advance the story is to seek it out activly. On the surface, it's a great survival rouge-like, but under the surface lies a vast and complex story filled with multiple branches, characters, challenges, and intrigue. There is an ending to the game. I didn't even know there was one, and I've been playing since early access. Honestly, I die or screw up before I make it far in the story.The storytelling is all driven by you. You see a strange glow at night, follow it for a few days, and suddenly you find yourself surounded by life at the Detriot Mega City. What is this strange DMC? Ask some people, read some newpaper scraps you find while scavenging. Or don't. Go somewhere else, advance the story in a different way. I've found three ways you can ""start"" the story, and all of them require you to think and act proactivly.The enemies and lore behind them is also great. I won't spoil what they are, but this game is supposed to be a realistic survival sim-like thing while also having deep roots in the supernatural. If you wonder to yourself,"" Oh my god, what the hell is that creature from the bowels of my worst nightmares,"" then google it and you'll likely find an real urban legend from Michigan that the enemy was based on.NEO Scavenger is one of the best games in existence, in my opinion. Unlike a lot of other games, it has a demo! If you're on the fence, play the demo. If you think you like it, buy it without a doubt and get into it. I don't rate games, but for the sake of this review, I give it a 9.5/10. Why a 9.5, you ask. Because I'm super biased about this game, but I admit it's not perfect.So go play the demo, fall in love, and buy this game. Throw yourself full heartedly into the world and lore that surrounds NEO Scavenger. Explore the DMC, find awesome old-world loot, investigate strange amusement parks, derilect cities, and even face otherworldly horrors in the pursuit of Philip Kindred's epic story.Or don't. It's up to you, but be warned: you'll likely freeze do death anyway. Seriously, Michigan is cold and it rains a lot. I'm talking ALL the time. ♥♥♥♥ rain.Oh, and go ahead, take off that talisman. Seriously, it's no big deal.Just don't lose it. Ever."
76561198024336686,Recommended,248860,14820906,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Bunta Fujiwara,I'll be short on this one... a must have for everyone that is looking into survival genre.10/10 in my opinion
,Recommended,248860,35162106,Posted: 23 September,all,hudson93e,I was iffy about this game because of the graphics. Turned out to be one of the most intense survival games i've ever experienced. Excellent replay value.
76561198057183746,Recommended,248860,12639560,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,The Masked Maniac,"A brilliantly realistic survival simulator set in a post-apocalyptic Michigan. Better still, not only do I have the ability to ruthlessly track down and murder people, but can also eat them afterwards.11/10"
76561198030176685,Recommended,248860,9157187,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Kaustek,"A pretty outstanding game.It's a hexagonbase survival strategy game, that stresses on finding equipment to endure the elements, finding food, water, and medicine to survive. In a post apocalyptic world, it's you and you alone that must brave the outside world where anything could be your enemy.It's a scavanger game, you loot anything you are able to and keep anything useful, anything from nuts and bolts to nightvision goggles and assault rifles. Eventually you will have a character that you have put a bit of time and effort into creating, this is where the game gets fun.I really enjoy this game. It just recently came out a few months ago, I believe, and the dev is already coming out with patches, and helpful fixes towards the game. So, there's always new stuff to look forward to.If you play scavanging games, and you enjoy the satisfaction of trying to survive as long as you can.Then, I suggest you give this title a try.It even has a demo; if you are still unsure."
,Recommended,248860,8030969,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Wolf,"One of the best survival games I have played; where it's a dog eats dog world. Hunger sets in if you don't consume food, you can die from dehydration, freeze to death, bleed to death, die from infection and poison; the odds are stacked against you. However, the same goes for everyone else in Neo Scavenger, as well. It isn't like other games, where they severly penalize you but the conditions does not effect the enemy. Far from it, scavengers you find along the way can bleed to their demise and freeze and perish in the cold if they have no clothing, just like the way you can in the given conditions.If you pick this game up, be prepared to scream at times, and die countless more. Each death comes with learning to play better, and the learning curve is extremely steep. This game is literally based on Marxism, and it truly is a brutal, unforgiving atmosphere. Do not underestimate the enemy, and if you encounter two or more at once, do not be frugal. It's better to use that ammunition and live another day, than die and start over. Gear up and learn how to survive; and good luck."
76561198156517958,Recommended,248860,31027213,Posted: 8 April,all,Wastelander117,"This game is great but once you beat the game you have pretty much seen it all, all though it takes a while for the endgame to happen, its hours of fun on the edge of your seat scared for you last 20 hours panic. That makes me love the game even more."
76561198028713287,Recommended,248860,32605005,Posted: 20 June,all,rosentrater5,"Neo Scavenger is one of those rouge-like games that comes off shallow with it's RNG ""BS"" and makes you feel like a toddler at first, but dont be fooled. After you gain some experiance and live for longer than a couple days you will realize how much depth all these interlocking systems have. The writing+ art + music is charming and at times can even give you one of the deepest feelings of hopelessness and lonesomeness only a realistic post-epoch game can give you. Its simple art style compliments the intense inventory management and crafting systems.My advice? Go in blind your first couple games until you get one long life. When that game eventually ends, crack open the wiki and start to really take advantage of every gameplay system. Pick the traits you think have the most benefits/crafting recipes, always look up the outcomes of random encounters, exploit the movement system (0.15 moves wont make you another spear, but it will let you move 1 more hex). You will get to see a lot of the game this way but just remember even with some of the best gear in the game, in the wrong conditions, one mistake can end your life.PSA: The dev is working on a MOBILE port! Very much looking forward to that :)"
,Recommended,248860,13049590,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Vulpsi,"Got woke up in the middle of the night by a mellon head...5 hours latter, after killing 98 mellon heads with a wrench, butcher knife and stick...I pass out and I'm kicked to death...10/10"
,Recommended,248860,10485607,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Aloysius Teapot,I dare you to find another game where you can beat a werewolf to death with a giant stick while wearing a hospital gown.
,Not Recommended,248860,24069550,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,ellisonch,"I really, really wanted to like this game.  I enjoy roguelikes (I love Nethack) and survival games as a genre, but I can't recommend this one.In the end, it's too easy to die without any foreknowledge, making the game feel a lot like playing roulette.  In my most recent game, I walked into a hex that appeared unoccupied, but in fact hid a dogman who killed me before I even spotted him.  I'm used to dying frequently playing games like Nethack, but I always feel like it's my fault, or that there was something I could have done to prevent my most recent death.  I do not have this feeling when playing Neo Scavenger.The UI is also very cumbersome (e.g., trying to navigate the craft menus, or trying to move things around in your inventory between vehicles and a box, etc.), coupled with tons of annoying fiddling in order to play even near-optimally (like always making/lighting torches when you scavenge, or trying to put on the 3 best shirts you have found), means that most of the time you're fighting the UI instead of making interesting decisions.  The simple fact that you can't tell whether water in a bottle is purified or not without dumping it out exemplifies what I mean.  Instead of looking for a bottle [water (purified)], you just have to dump out all your bottles until you find one containing purified water, take a drink, then put all the water back in the bottles.  It's madness."
76561198158149244,Not Recommended,248860,15794954,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,tuckboat,Man I totally understand the love I see for this game but I just can't get behind it. I enjoyed this game and have alot of respect for roguelike game that manages to tell an intersting and detailed story. Ultimately the reason I have to give this the thumbs down is because of the terrible user interface and menu system that just flat out needs to be better.The game is a challenging one unfortunetly most of the challenge I faced was figuring out to navigate the complete mess of a menu system. Now once you get the menu system down the experience is much improved. I was reminded of how awful the menu system was after I had to put the game down for a few weeks and came back to find I had forgotten some of the ins and outs of the game and I just can't bring myself to try it again.I can handle bad graphics and some game play flaws but there are just too many here for me to ignore. There's some stuff to like here but overall its just not worth the price tag.4/10
76561198079598922,Not Recommended,248860,26375804,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Invictus,"This is an interesting game concept and nicely fleshed out lore (as far as i can tell) and i would very much like to see a more developed version in future.I do not regret having bought this title and see my small money as contribution to the developers further endeavours, but after some hours the gameplay feels to poor and unrewarding to keep on playing. Do not get me wrong, i like hard games, but this one feels of balance. Needless to say that combat mechanics are very outdated, but interaction with NPCs in general feel stale and lifeless and there is no good way to interact in a meaningful way - only stomping other peoples heads or getting stomped...I am aware that this game was developed by one single man, so hats off to you Sir. Hope we will see more of your work, but i will pass on this from now on...Bottom line: If you want to try it out, go ahead, but do not expect your experience to be particularly rewarding."
76561198073617920,Recommended,248860,10074535,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,joshpc,"Neo scavanger Is a awsome game period, Dont let the screen shots or videos fool you this game is great its crazy in depth and the plot is tried and true, the game is so amazing that I could cut down a tree limb and combine it with a tarp I had found to make a lean to, or take a pot and fire to boil my water to make it safe to drink, These are just a small sample of the variety of things you can create, it almost feels like if you can think it you can do it, Very few games other than project zomboid (also an amazing game) seem to be able to give you this sense of depth, The game is played by reading text and moving your character in a grid overworld kinda like final fantasy tactics, I will admit from screenshots I said this game will suck and its not for me....Boy was I wrong just get the demo play it and Im sure you will buy it, This is the only game I have ever played that I killed a man just for his left boot, This game is hard it wants you to die, but each time you do you learn from it and the next time you will go a little farther this style of gameplay is very rewarding do yourself a favor and pick up neo scavanger, In its current early access state I give it a 9/10 amazing."
76561198040705477,Recommended,248860,9781877,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,InWestPhiladelphia,You'll die a lot. Very good game.
76561198124392491,Recommended,248860,9810196,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Falloulover4life,Yes I recommned this game because it has a challenged to it. You can't win the game you just try to survive as long as you can its not a straight forward game. My favorie part about neo scavenger is that you will die you wont survive forever. I recommend this game to people that like challenged and likes the apocalypse jara.
,Recommended,248860,10117366,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Ringus the vampire squid,"Neo Scavenger is old school trun based surviva; craft set in the post apocalyps. The Game has a a rich and intresting story line and a decant sound track. While there will be times in which you may call shenanigans at you're weapon falling aprat in the middle of a fight or runing into a very powerfull enemy known as a mega wraith, the game makes up for that with hours of addictinting gameplay and a deep story line which i'm still discovering. This game is a exellent pieace of work a by a small operation and deserves attention"
76561198022783571,Recommended,248860,9274815,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,L3GI0N,"You can look around the review pages for this game and see a sea of ""recommend"" posts, thats for good reason, and I will get to that. First however, I would like to try and define what NEO Scavenger is, though that may be difficult.NEO Scav is a survival game in its simplest form but the title of ""Survival"" doesn't do it justice. I would like to define it as a ""Turn based RPG"", but that too doesn't quite fit the bill. ""Sandbox""? no, not that either . Now I'm not saying that all of these traits and aspects are not included in NEO Scav, but each one does not define it well alone. The only thing I can think to do is paste all of them together (using medium string and a sharp edge) making it a Sandbox Survival Turn Based Role Playing Game (a SSTBRPG), now all we have to do is throw a H in front of that acronym for ""Hardcore"" and its shaping up to be a decent genre description, a bit of a mouthful though.Not that (H)SSTBRPG's really exist (that I know of aside from a few indie titles scattered about the web) as a gaming norm, just kind of an acronym I made up on the spot, but the idea isn't a norm. Why is that? The only answer I could think of was that it is too much of a risk for large companies to make a game like that, one that would truly test a person's ability to survive in the wilderness  and deal with day to day threats like hunger, thirst, sleep, and warmth. I don't know if that's true or not, and looking at the amount of people who play games like NEO Scav, I can't see how that theory could hold together.I'm getting off track.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------NEO Scavenger is created (to my knowledge) by one person, Daniel Fedor. That alone when looking at the game is an amazing feat, especially considering how in depth NEO Scav truly is. Whether its crafting or just scavenging there is plenty of things for you to make or find.The first day is the hardest, you wake up in an odd place with something scratching at the door (I won't go into detail as, well... Spoilers) , but you immediately have to escape. Using skills to selected at the start, a set of four with the ability to add more at the cost of negative traits, you venture out into the world.You walk out into the sunlight of the world, its dawn,  its cold, and you don't have much in the way of clothing save a hospital gown. Immediately you're struck with a problem, find clothing or die of hypothermia. This is what kills most new survivors, and it took me a while (and a few protagonist deaths) to find my rhythm. This first day is brutal, but once it's over, a whole new day begins.Now you're warm-ish, but the previous days exertions have caused you to grow quite thirsty. You see that there's a water source nearby, a river, but you don't know if the water is safe to drink. You have no method of checking if its ""infected"" or if its ""sterile"" but  you don't have the luxury of waiting. This is something that kills off a lot of the players that make it past day one. Let's say you were lucky, and now you're no longer thirsty, and you didn't manage to acquire some form of disease or infection, now what.By this time you're starting to feel a little hungry, while scavenging you manage to find a couple of mushrooms and some berries, but without the proper skill (which you can choose at the start of the game, it's called ""Botany"") you can't tell if these are poisonous or not.  You pick them up all the same, if it comes to it, you might have to take the chance.But whats that on the horizon, it looks like another scavenger is none too pleased with you stealing his supplies (or for any myriad of other reasons), and now he wants you dead. You can't escape, you have to fight. You pick up a large nearby stick and prepare to defend yourself.The fight is frantic, messy, and results in both parties getting pretty bruised up, but eventually the other scavenger retreats from battle, leaving you to treat your wounds...The point is that NEO Scavenger is relentless in its urge to kill you, but it's not like you can't combat this. You can cover you're tracks so that enemies have a harder time following you, you can hide in urban areas and ambush scavengers to steal their stuff, you can apply bandages to your wounds and take pain pills to deal with blood loss and manage the amount of pain your character is in. All the while traveling for some far off goal.And there is SO much more, and even more to be added I'm sure.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------In short try the demo, it's a pretty accurate but  slimmed down version of how the game plays out, if you like it, buy it... you can't go wrong. The creator is pretty active in the forums, discussing current game bugs and ideas with the community, both here on steam, as well as on his site at Blue Bottle Games.Take care, good luck surviving, and hopefully this was helpful.P.Kindred XIII"
76561198007256439,Recommended,248860,13409227,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Qooper,"This game is amazing and the best of all IT HAS A STORY, call me stupid for being excited about that but in the vast wasteland of survival games this feature seems rather rare to me and furthermore it is a good story with multiple endings as far is can tell by now.Of course thats not the only thing that makes this game extremly engaging to play, but listing all of its features would exceed the amount of time I want to dedicate to this ""Review"", there are other sources out there if you want to know more. I formyself however can absolutley recommend this game with no doubts."
76561197971373756,Recommended,248860,13397376,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Mr. Meeseeks,"This game is incredibly addictive. The permadeath feature makes your decisions truly heart pumping. A word of warning: your savegame file can get deleted for, like, no reason."
76561198114472474,Recommended,248860,9225477,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,RussianSanta556,"First and foremost, do not take my above playtime as my experience, I've bought it on Desura and the Website, and I wanted a third save and to give an additional amount of money to the devs. (Why can't I just give you money?!) Anyhow, this is Neo Scavenger in a nutshell:Cold. How long has it been since I've been warm. A day? Ten? I don't know any more, time seems so eternal out here, and I've lost track of it. I don't know anything but pain, fear, and cold these days... and hunger. I tried building a campfire a while back, and that damned Bandit left me bleeding and scarred. I went looking for some medical equipment later that night, an an apartment collapsed on me. I'm weak and tired, but I'm too afraid to sleep... But I can afford to close my eyes a bit, right?...""Give up all your f***ing gear if you want to live!"" Before I'm even fully aware, I'm staring into the muzzle of a revolver. I panic and begin to scream, and he whacks me across the face with the revolver's butt.""What? You f***ing deaf? Hand it all over!"" I'm not deaf, but I'm not stupid either. If I hand over all this gear, I might live a while longer, but I'd still die. Slower and even more painfully than if he shot me. Besides, he might even be bluffing? Before he knows what's happening, I slam a heavy punch into his chest, knocking the wind out of his lungs and freezing him for a moment. Not one to waste, I use that moment. I grab a heavy-looking stone on the ground and begin to pummel him. In the dark, I see nothing but a vague grey shape. I slam the stone into his stomach, and he screams in pain. I pummel him even further, and further... Long after he dies, I'm still hitting him with the stone. My arms are aching and my head is pulsing, but I keep hitting the battered corpse. Finally, I relent. More out of exhaustion and pain rather than any sense of logic.Then, I sleep. Fitfully and weakly at first, but soon enough, my fatigue catches up to me, and I rest. When I wake up, the full realization of what I'd done caught up to me. The ""bandit"" was a starving emaciated skeletal husk, and his revolver was a rusted abomination that was more likely to explode rather than fire. I begin to suck in a hitching, weak breath as I sob. That could have been me, and it probably would be before long...It's been a while since I killed that man, but the heavy black weight of it hangs heavily on my shoulders. I hate my own existence, and have long considered suicide... If this isn't hell, then what is it? Just as I begin to slip the bottle of sedatives out of my pocket, I see a man approaching me. I haven't seen another sould in so long... and I feel genuine joy and excitement at the prospect of talking to someone... Maybe even make a friend? I begin to rush towards him, hands in the air to signify my friendliness. Before I know what happens, I am knocked aside the head, and looted.This is Neo Scavenger, and though your adventure may not last as long, or be as miserly, you will experience the highs and lows of survival. You will wonder: ""Why? Why did it have to end this way?"" And you will face many hard choices.Do both your practical intellect and your inner masochist a favour, and buy this game. It's well worth it's price."
76561198066912946,Recommended,248860,16443097,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,shaunrnm,"Great game.Took me a while to learn the ropes, but was fun after that"
,Recommended,248860,10780376,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Garog,"NEO Scavenger is a rogue-like survival game that was originally made in Flash.You control a character with amnesia or a version of memory loss, it is your job to make sure you survive in the vast post-apocalyptic landscape filled with mutants and raiders. The game involves turn-based combat and crafting which both give the game that unique gameplay style that makes it stand out amongst other titles. (May not sound like it, but it really is different)The game is hard, I really do mean hard. The rogue-like genre means that when you die or lose in game you will need to restart from the beginning, it also means that each map is procedurally generated and so there will never be the same items or NPC's in a single location. With the difficulty aside the game is really fun with a lot of replayability, there is no real storyline yet but it will be soon implemented according to the dev.At the time of writing this review it is still in the beta stage of development and also in Early Access, from what I have seen and played it is one of the few Early Access games that haven't disappointed me."
,Recommended,248860,12322835,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Allah Gold,"I absolutely love this game it is extremely detaild in its play system and just generaly good, when i found out it was being developed by 1 dev i was stunned. This game is one of my favourite games, although it may be very hard that is something that makes it good. I can't put into words how amazing this game is, I am not saying the game appeals to every one but do not judge it by watching a few minutes of gameplay, try it out with the demo.oh and while you're playing you may need to keep that wiki open."
,Recommended,248860,12325643,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Kiki-Jiki Mirror Breaker,"This game is genuinely superb. There are many, many ways in which you can approach the simple task you are given - survive, and all of them are satysfying yet challenging. All the traits you get to choose while creating your character are massively useful and impactful and you can only take a few, heavily influencing how you play. What's more, the game is suprisingly fair for a rougelike - i've been killed without any chance at defending or escaping only once, while sleeping in some town ruins (which is obviously not a smart idea as these are heavily contested by looters and scavengers and i should have expected something like that to happen). The combat system is very entertaining and has some neat depth to it, at least when you are fighting on even ground. If you assault a random, starving unarmed guy with a spear there won't be any challenge, but with the same spear you can try to take on mutants, soldiers, and hunting-rifle wielding manhunters if you have the right traits and choose your moves wisely. Or you can lure those guys into some other guys, have them fight, and then move in to scavenge their stuff. Or just run and try to avoid them. Your life often depends on decisions like that, and it's quite brilliant."
,Recommended,248860,12429104,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Lizzy Von Zombie,"Loving this game at the moment, a refreshing change from the usual RPG / survival / strategy games that are around at the moment.  Good feel to it, nice pixel artwork and really like the text-based element it has.  Challenging at first, but once you get into it you pick up on how to play it without dying within 10 days - even then, I wouldn't take this game lightly, it will find a way to kill your character off!  Good luck out there wastelanders!"
,Recommended,248860,12452271,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Morty Basil,"You can, and youwilldie a hundered different ways. I spent hours just wandering through wilderness, trying to find something to warm myself, then I died because of unfiltered water. Another character was a survivalist, not a computer engineer type like the last one, so this time I had plenty of warmth, clean water(because I found cooking pot), food(human meat), and overall was a pretty badass. Died because of insatiable hunger for human meat.PROSRich and deep game with content gradually incoming from devs, really nice post-apo rpg sim, that is a nice retro in post-apo genre.CONSWell... it's early access, so you know what that means. If you're not fan of post-apo, original Fallout games seemed too complicated and old-fashioned, but Fallout 3 was a nice fps for you... I have bad news for ya. If you however want to support devs, so they can continue with this game, and you don't mind that you're buying half empty bottle(with a hope that it will refill later), go for it.Hours of fun, depth not seen in a long time, overall must have for fans of the genre."
,Recommended,248860,8610831,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Schizophrenia,If you can look past its rough exterior this is shaping up to be one of the best survival-esque games around. Combat may be a bit on the simple side where running away is generally the preferred method but the actual gathering of materials and scavenging the land is very enjoyable.
,Recommended,248860,8229336,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Lanced_,"I can't believe there hasn't been a crapton of people buying this game. Super addicting to play, and climb to the top with cool quests and events. It's like Fallout, without the ghouls and such, but with a more turn towards a realistic health system, combat system, inventory management system, and much more. Get this game and get ready for the ride."
,Recommended,248860,14195657,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,[SLAV.ZONE] KoperatorDrone,"I am an gen X gamer and this game reminded me of the good old RPG days of the old school PCs, it is extremely immersive and addicting, +modder friendly I cannot be happier with this one, it's an excellent choice and a lot of fun,PS: That combat system rocks."
76561198004376257,Recommended,248860,9892950,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,PuddleJumper,"A fantastic game, a true retro feel. If you are looking for something with graphics this isnt the game. If you are looking to kill a bandit with a sharpend stick to loot him for a boot a crummy tshirt and a quarter full lighter then this is your game. The perma death system makes you take fewer risks (you know, actually trying to survive) The skill system is pretty good, though at the time of this review isnt fully implemented. The only thing i have against this game is if you use a cleaner like CC cleaner it will wipe your saved game. SO keep that in mind, you dont want to wipe your flash cache when playing this one. 9/10, would play again...if i wernt still keeping it in a window while i work.Update 8/30/14 The game has been updated to have more enemies, more items, more story. Every addition is very cool. I've never seen an unfinished game that added things so quickly and so smoothly. They are really on adding content. This is fast becoming one of my favorite games of all time. Best 10 bucks i ever spent."
,Recommended,248860,10779259,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Jean-Luc Picard,A very fun turn based end of the world simulator thing; it is Flash based though but seems to run fine on desktop.
,Recommended,248860,10730829,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Jelliot,"This is the most realistic survival game I have ever played, and due to the current stance of the industry I doubt anything will beat it for a very long time.The game mechanics are ridiculously realistic. Seriously, sometimes I die within the first 2 minutes of playing. Each and every single move you take could be your last, and this is not a game that becomes easy over time as you learn how to play it. This is a true survival game unlike any other.The mechanics are very balanced, and you have to do many things to survive. The crafting and inventory system is very nice, as it allows for a lot of customisation. Do not let the graphics of this game fool you, as the gameplay is what matters here. I personally really like the art style and retro feel to the game anyway.If you really want to know how much time the developer spent on making this game, here is an example: If you try and put minature items such as pebbles into a shopping cart, it won't work because in real life the pebbles would fall through the wire framing of the cart. Despite this being a very minor and insignificant example, it goes to show you how much the developer cares about the game."
,Recommended,248860,16271780,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Ignatius J. Reilly,"In one hand, a sack cloth filled with human meat, in the other, a rusty meat cleaver. A man desperately tries to crawl away as I slowly hack him to death. This is role playing at it's finest."
,Recommended,248860,8285828,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Empirical Elephant,"die restart die agian, good game"
76561198061550748,Recommended,248860,8418387,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,drfatdeathcrow,"NEO Scaveger is a great game that does exactly what it should do and more. Although it has a brutal difficulty its always easy to forgive because you are making the mistakes, not the game, therefore teaching you. Aswell as that the survival elements were implemented perfectly, the combat is intense, the music adds a load of atmoshere, and the graphics are simply beatifull. I look fowards to seeing what blue bottle games release in the future and wish the best of luck to them."
,Recommended,248860,8353365,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,VileOnyx,An incredible game for the more diffuculty-loving strategy inclined!
,Recommended,248860,8361751,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Foxxy,"NEO Scavenger was quite fun and challenging until you get over the initial hurdles. After that, you are the best equipped murderhobo on the planet, and no one can challenge you"
76561198033836833,Recommended,248860,9936944,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Corrupted Bunny,"It is not often you find a roguelike where all the tables are even from the start. Where the skill of you, the player, makes all the difference, and not simply how much time you have spent making your character stronger. That won't happen in this game. On top of all of that, and no matter how much gear you find, how good a weapon you have, how sharp your skills have become. There will always be something that can kill you.As day breaks, I spot hiding in the nearby woods, a creature that is both man and beast. To my luck, I find the target unawares, at rest. Creeping in closer, spear in hand, I get in close, so close, hoping that the beast will not notice. The rain works in my favor here, and before the beast has a chance to act, I pull back and plunge my spear deep into the creatures eye socket. Your life, can end just as easily.After the battle, I take out my trusty pocketknife and get to work, pulling the flesh from the bone, and using my skills to keep the pelt in one piece. Trophy in hand, I sling the pelt over my shoulders. Both as proof of my skills in combat, but also, I will not freeze. Not tonight."
,Recommended,248860,27789387,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pyromaniac Darcy,First off i would like to say that at the time of me righting this i have only played about 6 hours.Anyway the first thing about this game is it will take you a while to either survive longer than 2 or three moves. I had a little bit of an advantage as i watched a playthrough. This game is the more realistic pst apocalyptic survival game as you have to look out for everything. Get cut and put a dirty bandage on it? Probaly dead. Fall asleep without a noise trap? Your probally dead.  This game is going to confuse people and it still confuses me. But as i play more and more of this game. i become better and begin to know what to do and how. I really enjoy this game and i thin you will if you put time into it.
,Recommended,248860,11128115,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,W0KE,I am The Hobo with a Shotgun
,Recommended,248860,9728519,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Jaguar_Fury,"I spent a lot of time looking for a good scavenging/crafting/surviving experience. Since stalker: call of pripyat I felt kind of left in the bench, but Neo scavenger totaly have potential for it! It feels like actual surviving, having to find food, clothes, shelter, water, tools, weapons, decide if you run or fight in an encounter, craft things etc. every mistakes can be paid the high price, the global experience is impressively convincing!The game's really hard tho, I keep dying in so many different ways, which is great as surviving shouldn't be easy, but the permadeath makes it really hard on the player, you barely start to get some good stuffs and die to start from the beghining again. It's really frustrating, but the difficulty of the game make it so deliciously painful ^^The game is still on developement so criticizing is probably prematured, but i'd like to signal that the rarity and price of ammunitions makes it unworthy to equip anything else than melee weapons, also (maybe it's a bug) when the cart broke i lost all my stuffs inside on many occasions, which doesn't make sens, as if the cart broke the stuffs shouldn't just disapear and be on the ground for me to save what i can... And last thing, the food/water mechanism isn't really logic, as you'll starve almost as fast as you'll get dehydrated, eating 50kg of berries will feed you for barely a few hours and they're pretty hard to find when you need them.Here's a few thing I'd love to see implemented/improved, hopefully devs would read it (who knows ^^) and find some indeas interesting, also maybe some things i suggest here are allready in the game/planed and I haven't found out yet, sorry if it happen:-Ability to cancel last action, as sometime i click on the wrong square or make mistakes while crafting.-Fixing the strarvation system: human body can last over 40 days without food, it doesn't make sense to die from starvation after barely 2 days. Maybe splitting ""well fed"" with ""hungry"" and ""bulk"", where ""hungry"" would affect your action points, fight capability, scavenging ability etc. While ""bulk"" would be your global ""well fed"" status, going from overweight (which inflict handicap), to anorexic which make ""hunger"" constantly low and starvation deadly. Also the meat spoils really fast, i'm not sure if it's unrealistic but why not some ways to make it last longer, like an hermetic bag, lunch boxes, thermal backpack or something.-The combat interface is pretty hard to understand, sometime i just get attacked out of nowhere while sleeping (which is pretty cool), but the guy turns out to be badly stuffed and wreck me out in couple hits, leaving me no other option than crie while watching my character die in horrible pain. Maybe something signaling the global risk of the oponent and/or chances of successfull attacks, dodges, escapes etc. Just so we know if we can try a fight or just drop all our ♥♥♥♥♥ out and run the hell away.-How can't a medic + botanic find some antidotes in forests? I keep dying from poisoning without having any chance of reaching the clinic. Also, items in general lacks a description of their effects as well as statuses leave you wondering how to fix them i'd like to have a hint of what everything does or need to be fixed (for ex: antibiotics: can heal X, or dissentry: can be healed with X).-When crafting, have a picture of each craftable item in the recipes list, this would ease a lot the recipe's browsing.-Pliz, just pliz, more ammunitions, I gave up using any weapon as i take hours to find only 3 bullets, and allways for the one weapon you don't have, i love to shoot things, but in a week of playing I had the chance to do so about 3 times only.-I would LOVE to be able to fix items, for example taking parts of one gun to fix another gun, it makes a lot of sense and have been seen in many crafting/rogue-like games (such as fallout or 7days to die), I really love that feature as you don't waste good finds (like guns, backpacks, carts etc...) just because you allready have one that's in a barely better condition.-More shopz! there is only one shop, and it's near town which mean if you want to farm cash, buy ammunitions, buy food etc. You'll have to go all the way there, across that lifeless desert of empty buildings and rude people that won't let you kill and eat them, I died a LOT starving just trying to reach it, why not itinerant sellers or random shops in some ruins?-Ability to settle. I mean it's a surviving game, greatly done, but you can't make you home anywhere, why not the ability to choose a place to fortify, stock food, make confortable shelter, medical supplies, and (why not) working benches that allows you to fix things, craft more, that require tools to enable some special crafts etc.-Definitly more scavenging places, and more specifics ones, like pharmacies, gunshops, supermarkets, factories... We all love those.-Reinforce the ""friendly encounters"" potential, right now it's mostly neutral/ennemy, maybe we could meet some people that help us, offer trades, indicate to locations etc.-The ability to loot money from innocent victi... people i killed in legitimate defense, I mean there is money in the game, how come no one carry any?-More weapons and more craftability in weapons, like the ability to upgrade a rifle (kind of like in stalker, i really loved that feature) to make it more deadly. Also the ability to craft bullets would be nice.-Skill learning, I don't get why there is so much slots available while you can't chose more than 5 to about 8 skills, i get it for the start, but then i'd like to have a way to learn new skills ingame after a while.-Even biger map. I know this one is huge allready, but in the end there's nothing but one city and the start facility (plus the ruins of course) I'd love to see more special places, more terrains, more climates... more surprises!-More hunting potential, I managed to kill a dear once, but with no ammunitions and no way to come near them and oneshot them, it's really hard to get any, so the moral choice of rather eating or not human flesh become a rethorical question: you just can't survive without your daily bad mutha's barbecue, I'd like to play it ""nice guy"" sometime and eat only berries and animal meat, but it need more dears and squirels, and even bunnies, rats, birds etc.. Traps also are underated, we should be able to put one in the forest and come back later to see if it caught something.-Maps markers, like if i have to drop my loot for some reason, I can mark the place to come back later, this could combine with the previous traps comment to know where you had put a trap, and make you come back to check them before your catch get stolen (by a thief or another animal) or spoils.-More detailed medicinal interraction: risks of local wound infection (that can turn to septisemia of not cured), specific intervention required (tools needed to pull out an arrow, suturation, hemoragy, broken bones etc.)-Difficulty choice/save game, as it's pretty frustrating to start all over everytime you die, i'd personnally like to be able to save my games at some points, maybe make it hard like having to find a saving location in the map etc.  An alternative would be to propose 2 game modes: hardcore (permadeath) and softcore (respaw with penalties).-Zombies, lol joke, the game is allready great, it doesn't even need zombies (i'm not sure some zombie-like creatures would ruin it tho).That's about all I can think of right now, but anyway the game rocks! I really hope you guys will push it to the best of it's potential, and for the players still hesitating: go for it! It's worth every penny!"
,Recommended,248860,10628728,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,NC713,"I haven't reviewed anything on Steam yet, but I had to review NEO Scavenger because this game deserves so much praise. It completely caught me by surprise and is a great example of Early Access done right. I paid the $9.99 awhile ago and I felt it was completely worth it, and after the frequent updates and improvements, it definitely continues to be worth the money. While I do think the UI needs to be cleaned up a little and the story could be fleshed out more, NEO Scavenger is still a great game. From the crafting that is more than just there because a ton of games are including it, to the way it draws you in for one more turn, and then another, and then maybe another hour goes by, I couldn't say enough good things. There are some flaws and it isn't for everyone, but check out the demo and support a developer that does Early Access right. I've so far put nearly 30 hours into NEO Scavenger and I'll definitely be adding to that number as time goes on"
76561198117243178,Recommended,248860,12587660,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Shade.killz,game is  good  i mean i play nothing but survival games and this one would be like real life made off choics you have to face
76561197985266570,Recommended,248860,12664268,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,"Violence, Speed, Momentum",A uber game that builds upon rogue-like with wheres your skyline go famous city terribad good.9.5 outta 10
,Recommended,248860,12664767,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,sugarsnsalts,"This game intrigued me the minute I saw it.  I would always play Zork in a huddle with friends, but I was always the only one to beat it.  This led me to be fully engrossed in text based games for years to come.  NEO Scavenger takes text heavy elements that remind me of Zork.  These come into play during the small, but quite enjoyable narrative that the player builds into their game.  The exploration and post-apocalyptic atmosphere also brought back memories of Fallout, but much more serious.  This is by no means a bad thing though because players want a very realistic experience, full of imagery, when playing a text heavy game.  This realism is also extremely prevalent during combat with so many options to choose from depending on skills, gear, etc.  However skills and gear can also heavily limit combat.  This helps the player get a feeling for their character better when role-playing a smart, but incredibly weak character.  This game gets a 9/10 from me because even though it's in my list of personal favorites, it has some faults that limit the game.  These are noticeable if too many mistakes are made on a run, lack of devotion causing boredom, or the always prevalent difficulty curve of rogue-likes.  However, I would recommend this to anyone, regardless of these minor issues, due to the shear number of appealing qualities this game holds that a vast majority of gamers, looking for a new flavored splash of adventure in their games, can enjoy."
76561197978332753,Recommended,248860,12695453,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,alcimedes,"It's an early access game that's been tons of fun to fall into.  There seems to be plenty of content initially, and the game author keeps adding more at a good clip.I like that the game has a 'take no prisoners' attitude.  One minute you're riding high, cart full of goods and a shot gun with *at least* three shells, next thing you know someone hit you in the head with a spear and you're bleeding out.It really makes you think twice about how you're going to play out each encounter, and there are real consquences for bad decisions."
,Recommended,248860,10563647,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,CapedCapybara,"I stumbled across this game while searching through for survival games. I took a look at the screenshots, and wasn't drawn to this game at all, however I saw there was a demo, and so decided to give it a go.To my surprise, I loved it almost instantly. It's different, something unexpected in this day and age of games. After playing the demo for 20 minutes I knew I wanted to buy it, and so I did. It's a very reasonable price, in my eyes, for what you get in the game, I could easily spend hours on this game at once. The main challenge? Surviving for longer than you did the time before. The map is sort of half randomised, the main places of interest always in the same place, but forests, hills, towns, all completely random, so there's always something slightly different at the start of the game.Yes it's in early access, and maybe there'll be some more added to the storyline, maybe some more items, but for me it feels almost finished already, all full package, and I would totally reccommend at least trying the demo for this game. Give it a chance, even if you think you won't like it."
76561197966557804,Recommended,248860,8144818,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,The Rabid Otter,"This game is unlike any I have played in the last two decades. I recommend it to anyone who wants a turn-based hex RPG. Set in a post-apocolyptic Lovecraftian Michigan, your character emerges from a crygenic vat to step into a race against time. You can die from dehydration, starvation, disease  and hypothermia, in addition to wounds inflicted by the various denizens surrounding the Motor City's wastelands.This hard setting is further amplified by the decision not to include a leveling system. Each time you play, you learn more about the game mechanics and possibilities. You can augment your character with four of a dozen advantages, as well as about six disadvantages. Thes combination of these influence your play style, as some opportunities only present themselves to those with a given trait.For those who love to play first-person shooter ""RPG"" as murder hobos, this is not the game for you. It is more reminiscent of games from the late 1980s and early 1990s in that it tells its story in a piecemeal fashion with only one Rouge-like save option. While you can engage in combat, you will frequently die. Stealth, scavanging and crafting reveal much more of the story, and further contribute to the desperation as you try to unravel not only how you came to be cycled out of the cryogenics tank, but also what happened to create this near-future landscape.Expect to die a lot. And enjoy it."
,Recommended,248860,8427445,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,El Von,"This game is so... refreshing. It takes on a very interesting playstyle using the hex based navigation. It is very challenging but very rewarding. The menus can be quite clunkly at first, and reading is REQUIRED in order for this game to make sense. Again, must re-enforse the fact that the game has quite clunky controls and can be a pain to play at times. Otherwise fabtastic game, from a lone dev who is putting a lot of work into this!"
76561198025700061,Recommended,248860,8112550,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,snorre_fjellvang,"The short feel of the game; its intresing, loads of options,, but utterly to hard to execute and make somthing out of .. adictive though.Wish there were a simpler way so you woundent have to change between weapons by click and drag"
76561197969108869,Recommended,248860,13261848,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,ANTIPATTERNS,Love it
76561197979409312,Recommended,248860,12455840,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,hQn,"EDIT. 1,626.7 Hours. 'nuff said?51 hours so far and still going strong, at 6.99GPB it's great value for money. Very close to the finished product but even in early access this game is very engaging and addictive. Can't wait for it to get polished off. The Dev seems like a great guy and an enthusiast so I imagine even when it's ready for a full release content will be continually added. It's a 9/10 in early access, I can only imagine the finished game will be 10/10.EDITNow released, and it is a 10/10The hours you will spend enjoying this game are well worth the slightly higher price tag.I'm still playing it even now."
76561197963161776,Recommended,248860,20409083,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Razor,"Note: I bought and played mostly on the GOG version of the game, hence why I have less than 2 hours in Steam. I probably logged over 100 hours.Anyways...What this game does right is giving you lots of options when it comes to survival. Too often survival games feel limited, like things you should be able to do easily in a real life situation just aren't available in game. A couple examples that come to mind:- Need to boil something but don't have a cooking pot? Use a tin can!- Need to make fire but don't have a lighter? Rub two sticks together or use sunlight and a piece of glass!- Need a container to carry items but don't have a backpack? Use a plastic shopping bag!- Need bandages? Rip clothes, get rags. Need clean bandages? Boil rags.- Need string? Rip rags.Nice features include:- 'Building' your camp: pick an abandoned building with the appliances you need, place traps, leave a sleeping bag... Not a whole lot of options but you do feel like you have your own personal secure spot you can come back to.- An engaging storyline that makes you want to find out about what happened to the world and yourself. An interesting lore as well.- Lots of crafting options to get the stuff you need to survive.- Skills that give you special abilities- Pretty good learning curve: you'll have to keep trying at first until you learn the basics. Then you'll manage to survive fairly well, and you'll still have many more things to learn and discover. There's lots of stuff you'll have to figure out on your own (or you can use the wiki).- Overall, enough content to keep you engaged for many hours.- Low hardware requirements. Will probably run on that $200 laptop you bought to take notes in class (check the specs to be sure though).Cons:- The game is text-based with a graphical interface. Nothing is animated, few things are drawn, most is just described through text. The combat system especially takes some getting used too as well. It's very playable and some people like that style, but for some people it's a deal-breaker. So be warned.- Only one save/permadeath (although you can easily circumvent that).- Not being able to pick all skills can make the game feel limited, forcing you to play again to explore other things (you can mod the game to get all skills though).- The randomness can be harsh sometimes and force you to restart many times before you'll get lucky, have a good start and actually get somewhere.- Many random encounters don't have a ""good"" resolution to them, sometimes making you feel like the game just ties your hands excessively and won't let you try hard enough, or making you feel like your skills are useless. Some encounters can actually punish you severely, with no way for you to predict that your decisions will lead to a really bad outcome. This is in deep contrast with the rest of the game where you have so many options to accomplish what you want to do.Overall I recommend it to people who enjoy the survival genre, have the patience to fail, learn and try again repeatedly, and who can overlook the game sometimes throwing you in tough situations without you being able to do anything about it. People who aren't so hardcore can just mod the game a bit to make it easier and can circumvent the one save/permadeath feature."
,Recommended,248860,19797633,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,HKO2006,"A more realistic/hardcore approach of survival game, where finding cloths to keep you from dying in cold weather is kind of a challenge.Good1. No infodumping at start, as you explore more locations/nps, you are more into the story.2. Open world, all you the instruction you get is 'oh there is light there (in a wasteland), let's go there then'. Yet you can choose your own path and not go else where instead.Neutral1. No hand holding, again, you don't get any instruction. But you will die a lot at start.Meh1. Control, instead of instantly preforming the action as you click, you need to pick options from the left panel to right then confirm. (you canTips1. Rotate items with A and D after selecting (dragging) it2. If you want more content, download mods in the forum."
,Recommended,248860,19812959,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Silvertiger321,"A very addictive game, one that has me hooked from purchase every minute of the day, well that i can spend anyway, although it is challenging, you WILL enjoy this amazing and unique gaming experience"
76561198075540421,Recommended,248860,11618246,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Monumani,"This is a great survival game. Lots of crafting to survive, as well as skills to choose from for your character. A couple of encounters and special locations. It's an early access game too, so it's still developing and getting new stuff, but still a good play for $10. It's a game for those who like the post apacolypse, survivor game. same concept as like minecraft and rust, but in board game hex format."
,Recommended,248860,16633382,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,sevrl bats,"a fantastic and thoroughly challenging adventure game/exploration RPG hybrid unlike any one thing you'll've experienced before. NEO Scavenger's mechanics are constantly intriguing, but more than anything, it shines with the world it presents and the judicious exposition thereof. while it certainly fits in the post-apocalyptic genre, it's a stranger catastrophe that's befallen this world than the usual nuclear or ecological disasters we see; the rules of the universe seem to be in drift. setting is dripped out in tantalizing paragraphs fished up out of scraps of newspapers from before and during whatever disaster it was that set things askew. the frustrations of a challenging narrative roguelike make things that much more intense: unlike a Stone Soup or a Binding of Isaac that can more or less be set aside at any point, NEO Scavenger demands the exploration of its mysteries, keeping the player coming back in the face of annihilation because of the raw power of the strangeness of the world that it depicts.highly recommended."
76561198052021297,Recommended,248860,18345075,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,ecjohnus,"A great game. Reminds me most of a single player dnd sim. It has an amazing atmosphere and complex gameplay for those who want a difficult survival sim. There are flaws but the overal expieriance more than makes up for it and the story is incredably deep. If you can get past the learning curve then this game I can recomend. Just be aware, instant death is comon for those that don't prepare or take unecessary risk."
76561198089899444,Recommended,248860,28905428,Posted: 1 January,all,Osric,"What a cracking little gem this game is. Brutal and unforgiving though it is is does manage that rarest of feats in providing an emergent story. The moment you get cocky you're toast. Complaints against the RNG element are not without basis, but then survival is like that. I'm not a massive rogue-like fan and would usually prefer the ability to save, but I realised this game had something special when I died after a 6 hour solid playthrough and smiled rather than rage-quit. The graphics are abysmal, the menus somewhat clunky and I come from an era that had to live through low res graphics and don't find them charming and rretro. But never has a game drawn so heavily on the imagination, and never have I experienced a game that manages to bring a crappy low res hex to life.The combat is what sets it apart from Project Zomboid, apart from the deep joy of not having to deal with ***king zombies. Whilst somewhat barebones it does make you very careful about how you go about it. In addition there doesn't come a time when easy mobs are trivial bore to swat away. That feral dog can still trouble an unfortunate or over-confident veteran. Every encounter has the potential to send you into a downward spiral if not handled with care.The luck cuts both ways, I had a very fortunate shot with a sling that set me up nicely with very useful loot, which I lost because I thought it made me king of the hill.In short if you really want a zombie free realistic survival experience and you have the imagination to paint the picture in your mind rather than have it rendered in technicolor for yo,u then this game is a must buy. The dev deserves high praise for this little cracker and whilst it is by no means perfect and regularly kicks you in the nads there's something special about this one that spectacularly succeeds in  being greater than the sum of its parts."
,Recommended,248860,29237450,Posted: 13 January,all,gamesare2fun,"One of the first games i got on steam, and hands down the best survival game ive gotten - rivaled only by The Long Dark. If you want a real hardcore survival game with no second chances, this is the one, especilly with the extended mod. Ill only give you one yip for free: The ""Trapping"" skill, also inclouded the ability to cook food, skin animals, and start fire, meaning you will either freeze or starve without it every single time. Bring it. With that tip, yuore ready to survi- well, survive for a few days at least. This is a game where you can take a bullet to the leg, survive the fight, limp for the next week before succumbing to infection. You will die. Over and over. And you will love it."
76561197964513517,Recommended,248860,27796088,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Whittaker,"I put off playing this game because of the 15 euro price tag, got it on a steam sale, for that price it was perfect, probably would have been worth 15 euro's too."
,Recommended,248860,29392859,Posted: 21 January,all,Quattro,"A wonderfully challenging survival game, with lots of replay value."
,Recommended,248860,29510833,Posted: 26 January,all,[Techo],"I love this game! It has it all; intriguing story, creepy atmosphere, Dwarf Fortress based combat, and tons of replayability!"
76561198008171518,Recommended,248860,28783542,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Ishmel,"I strongly recommend playing this game. Despite the lack of luscious graphics, the imagry you create in your head while playing NEO Scavenger will stay with you for a long time. Once your character dies (which will happen many many times) you will have to start over, but it will only make you more invested in the wellbeing of your next incarnation.There is a compelling story, but it's something you will have to pry out of it over several playthroughs to get some kind of coherence to it all."
76561198044682809,Recommended,248860,27640469,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,erN,"Very good post-apocalyptic game. You need some patience to learn the mechanics, but then it really rocks."
76561198024124203,Recommended,248860,29076753,Posted: 6 January,all,SpacemanSpiff,"Few games manage to create an atmosphere that's as creepy and demoralizingly nerve-racking as Neo-Scavenger. This is a scary game at bottom, but not ""thrill-horror""; things don't jump out at you. No, it has that horror of, ""Oh god... I know what's coming for me... I can see it a few miles off in the distance... and I can't do anything about it... I might as well keep pushing along and hope I can hide when it catches up."" That kind of horror.The music does a great job of adding to this atmosphere as well. Good music is hard to come by in games these days. Usually you find bland formless soundtracks, or stuff that just ""gets the job done"", but in Neo-Scavenger the music is an essential part of the experience.This is a very good adventure game with unique gameplay and a very original setting."
,Recommended,248860,28922224,Posted: 1 January,all,dipdac,"Do you like old scool RPGs? Brutal difficulty?  Exploration? Permadeath? Turn based combat? You'll love NEO scavenger! I have sunk so many hours into this game and never expected to. It can be very unforgiving game, but oh so rewarding."
76561198058633270,Recommended,248860,29083653,Posted: 7 January,all,supersaiyanuub,this game is really good even though i am really bad at it ha ha nut it has alot to do and a good class sytem  as well as good pacing and the combatbecause of detail is very fun
,Recommended,248860,19900281,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,IvanDerp,"So far this is an okay game it's pretty rough for most new players since every choice you make might lead to your character death and I've kept dying but that's because I've been learning it the hardway, if you go around and look at a few let's play and read some of the Guides you'll find the game somewhat easier.I've been playing this game for a while now and after a while it does get a bit repetitive I keep trying to explore places but find it lacking in content could be just me.It's an okay game overall, I had a great adventure and even manage to write a story about it! Enjoy!**Story may contain Spoiler**This is the story of my latest adventureDay 1: I woke up in a strange facility, I have no clue who am I and why am I here.. Suddenly! Surprise Dogman appeared! I beat the living s**t out of it like there was no tomorrow until it stopped twitching.It was a good work out I don't remember when was the last time I had a work out or if I even work out at all. My stomach made a rumbling noise so I went to search the place for food but only found a green bag with a white cross sign inside it was just a bunch of dumb pills.. I stared at the dead dog like creature feeling somewhat regretful for killing.. perhaps it was just trying to help me.. So I chopped his body into pieces and brought some wood from the nearby forest to make fire to cook it.""This is what it would've wanted me to do"" I thought to myself silently thanking it for becoming a meal and a coat but also silently hating it at the same time for not bringing any condiments with it.After satisfying my stomach I went to stroll into the nearest town looking for any sign of civilization but nobody was here the streets were empty and ocassionally I'd see a few skeletons laying around, perhaps it's halloween and they're having a huge hide and seek event.. YES! that could only be the most logical reason!I looked around inside buildings ocassionally taking items with me ""I'm just gonna borrow this stuff I'm sure they wouldn't mind"" I thought to myself as I grabbed as much stuff as I could carry.It was starting to get dark and I was afraid if a stranger would walk up to me and offer me a sugar free candy, so I went back to the facility I woke up in and decided to call it home.I saw a faint glow of light in the distance and I knew it.. they were hiding from me.. nobody hides from me.. nobo.. *falls asleep* zzzZZZzzzZZZzz...Day 2: I had a good sleep last night but my stomach was beginning to complain again.. I went out and made myself a hardened spear before heading out any further.. just in case I encounter any stranger danger..As I headed out toward where I last saw the glow of light I spotted more Town! as I sprinted toward the town I came across a friendly stranger.He was carrying a revolver he must be dressing up as a cowboy and he was also wearing a pair of croc so I asked him to give me all of his stuff because my stuff sucks, but he refused and start to charge at me, The nerve of some people I tell you! So I poked him on the head with my sharp stick, he fell and was crawling away from me as he beg for mercy so I gave him what he wanted and kept poking him with my sharp stick until he was no longer in pain.I was pretty happy that I could borrow his croc I saw that cool kids wear these kind of sho- err sandals..? what ever it is.. the cool kids on the old worn out poster wear it so I'm a cool kid now.OH! and he also had an expired cracker and some ketchup! So I hack him and whack him and chop him since there's no point to let him go to waste no siree! he would've want me to eat him or else he would've told me stories about starving childrens in some distant foreign land! So being the civilized human being I am, I cooked him as best as I could with the few ingridients he had on him that I'm sure would've made Gordon Ramsay proud.Today was a good day I said to myself as I went to sleep.Day 3: A noise woke me up today.. it was a guy! He tried to take my precious empty bottle in the corner! “My Precious!!!” I shouted as I charge toward him and knocked some debris toward him, the debris made him vulnerable and as he tries to recover I stabbed him with my sharp pointy stick and carved a hole in his right arm.I kept stabbing him with my pointy stick as I hissed at him aggressively, nobody touches my precious! Nobody but me!I lacerated, gashed and carved him into pieces there was no mercy.. it was the sacrifice my precious neede- Oohh!! He had a crowbar! Now I can dress up as Gordon Freemsay the Angry crazy canibalistic chef with a Phd!And so I ventured out as Gordon Freemsay! Suddenly 3 Dog appeared! I knew it.. I should’ve double tapped him when I last met him at Galaxy News Radio.. now he reappeared before me as an actual 3 Dog!So I demolished one of the closest dog’s head using my crowbar! That really got the attention of the other 2 Dog and again I demolished the other dog head, it seem that knocked some sense to the last dog as it tries to fall back from me but it knew.. it knew it was too late.. it knew that it had done f**ked up and “WHACK!!” that was the last thing it heard.. “nobody.. mess with Gordon Freemsay..” I said to it in a silent hiss.As I went on my way I was again approached by more meanies.. they just don’t know when to quit..After slaughtering about 2 more Dog and 2 Stranger with an angry mother issue, I went off to go shopping for a sauce pan and back pack and found a cool sled and since I’m not a thief I left my plastic shopping bag with some rotting left over cooked human meat as a trade in case the owner came back.It was another great day, I cooked some water from a nearby lake so I can wash my boo-boo away and bottle some more in case I made some more boo-boo.I also did an art and craft project by stringing small can with a handful of strings and pebbles it made music if people step or trip on them! It will be a great addition to my house!Day 4: My art and craft project ringed in the middle of the night.. *sigh* I guess it’s time for a midnight snack, it was a dogie! “Chinese food it is then” I lured it into a trap but it still managed to scratch my coat before I stabbed a new nose into it’s lung and bled all over the floor.Great.. now I’m gonna have to clean that up.. *sigh* why do they have to make things difficult I grumble to myself as I enjoy my midnight snack and went back to sleep but as soon as I closed my eyes another stranger ringed my welcome bell.. I got up and quickly took cover.. I couldn’t see where or who this stranger was so I lashed out and swinged my sharp pointy stick wildly to where I think he’s at but this stranger managed to shred my upper left leg, I fell to the ground and just then I knew.. I done goofed.. and all the horrible things I’ve done.. I’ve become a monster.. and I didn’t want to acknowledge that.. I was in denial all this time.. this is it.. my time has finally come.. I am ready.. do your worst Karma.. and just like that I passed out.....Everything was silent.. I woke up.. there was a bright light as if the sun was shining upon me.....Wait a minute.. it actually is the sun! And sure enough! there he was.. The f**ker that tried to kill me! Laying on the ground with a hole in his chest.. Boy~! I sure didn’t learn a single thing from that experience so I cut that f**ker up and ate him. It sure was a glorious day in this man army! And it was pretty nice of him to bring me a hunting rifle with a scope, strap and there's even a bullet in it aww that's so sweet of him.I enjoyed the rest of the day munching on the left over while reading the outdated newspaper man.. I wish I had some fava beans and a nice chianti to go with this live- shh!! There were noises outside.. and sure it was another stranger waiting in the nearby outskirt of the forest.. and so Gordon Freemsay continues his rampage in this post-apocalyptic world.."
76561198059578160,Recommended,248860,14075750,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Cory,"This game is amazingly good. But it is also HARD AS SH**. Never been able to survive longer than 2 weeks. Whether its the dogman ripping me to shreds as soon as I leave the lab, the shot to the gut by some random whack job, or dying of an infection at the DMC, this game is the most realistic post-apocalyptic, textually detailed game I have ever played. I love this game and its realism. I just honestly wish you could save the game and re-load when you die, so that after I spend a week and a half boiling water and selling it, to buy decent gear to go out into the wastes, I can proceed without a random Wolfman coming out of nowhere and ripping me to shreds, having to restart the entire game."
76561198068313430,Recommended,248860,15485501,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Gnome Chompski,"Missed an attack on a vulnerable, unconscious, intimidated, exposed weakness, basically broken everything mellonhead with the melee skill...11/10"
,Recommended,248860,11779826,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,ruffletum,this game might not seem like much but i love this game and maybe you will to.   10/10
76561198081966830,Recommended,248860,16097208,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Jeremy,it is very good
,Recommended,248860,13489761,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Waspus,"This is quite possibly the most well-thought-out game I've ever had the pleasure of experiencing. I can't speak from experience as to how accurate this game nails the zombie apocalypse because personally I have not been in one, but from the fact that I'm a zombie fanatic I can say this game is quite realistic when it comes to living in a wasteland.You wake up in a cryogenic facility with something (You later find out it's one of the game's meany creatures, a Dogman) trying to break in. You select your skills and use them to your advantage to defeat the beast, and then you are sent into the massive and unforgiving world that is NEO: Scavenger.This game absolutely nails scavenging. You search around for ages finding useless, irrelevant items such as string and broken glass bottles but that feeling of pure, unadulterated satisfaction when you find some of the more useful items such as a backpack or especially a crowbar, is amazing.Don't get me wrong, this game is unforgiving. As you'll read down below, someone didn't feel like boiling the water they found, got cholera, and died. That's the kind of thing you have to expect on a daily basis from this game. I once forgot to set my noise trap and was murdered by a guy with a meat cleaver in my sleep. I had a shotgun and a noise trap, but it was in my backpack and I didn't feel like getting it out. Another time, I shot and killed a deer, took the meat, put it in my backpack and forgot to cure it, and proceeded to eat it a few hours later after it had spoiled. I got some sort of weird disease and died after hours of diahorrea and blood loss.And while it's unforgiving, it's ultimately very satisfying to play. You find youself getting killed, cursing the game out, and then coming back a few hours later for seconds. And that one rare playthrough where you don't die a horrible, painful death, you just feel awesome. I have tons of screenshots I've taken of the various times when I've had a surplus of stuff.Also the developer, Daniel, is always reaching out to his fans. I'm personally friends with him here on Steam because I wanted to ask a question, so I shot him a friend request and he responded.If you are thinking about getting this game, get this game.If you are not thinking about getting this game, get this game.If you hate this game with a passion, get this game.If you're going to propose to your SO, buy them this game and put it in a virtual box."
76561197965302361,Recommended,248860,14512752,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Real,"Die of hypothermia, die of getting stabbed, die of diarrhea, die because something is eating you while you sleep... Though, every experience leads you forward and let you survive longer and longer.10/10"
,Recommended,248860,15484462,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Ypenguin,"After I learned to eat and drink using right click, I was able to thrive! The very next game I found that friendly tribe and chose to live right outside of thier ""city."" It was a good little camp of mine, a tarp tent, and sleeping bag, and 3 noise traps that gave me 100% awareness. Then one day I spotted a dogman outside my camp, but before I could pursue it, it became dawn, so I had to reteat so I could make it back to camp in time. I got into my sleeping bag and thought, ""I'm going to catch that beast with my bow and war club,"" and fell asleep. Well, I wake up and look about, and not 2 feet away from me is that sneaky beaky dogman who, apparently, got past ALL of my noise traps and killed me before I could even get up.10/10 would die from a ninja dogman again"
,Recommended,248860,15532866,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Aim Here,"A detailed roguelike simulation of brutal melée combat and disposable plastic bag-based inventory management, set in a postapocalyptic wasteland where civilization has collapsed, likely due to all those disposable plastic bags."
,Recommended,248860,15621984,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Lochie159,got in a fight with werewolf won by beating it with a broken glass bottle then proceeded to turn him into a coat. 10/10 would play again
76561198106618500,Recommended,248860,15640387,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Reaper,"My play throughs so far:1 got hacked to death while sleeping with a clever :L WTF lol (survivied 4 hours)2 died from eating at the ""last chance"" canteen. Spent 9 days fighting cholera 2 in an abandoned building until finally my diarrhea and vomiting turned to blood and died from blood loss. . . . sooooo ya enough said (survivied 13 days)3 Smashed a guys head in with a crowbar after he stole my sleeping bag while i was scavenging for wood for my fire (first kill). Had got surgery done replaced my normal eyes with advanced synthethic ones that improved my vision, also installed nightvision on them and optics. Left to scavange made contact with a bandit as he charged at me. I charged at him too with a crowbar and clever in my hands. . . . . triped. . . . .fell onto the ground. . . . . . got my head done in with a crowbar. . . . died due to head trauma :( survivied 22 days"
,Recommended,248860,11382769,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,French Berries,Amazing game i love it is in my top 5 games Neo Scavenger is definatley a must get game
76561198014241544,Recommended,248860,9634285,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,wooaa,"I beat a man to death with a broken bottel just so I could take his shirt so i wont die of hypothermia that night. Two days latter as I was enjoying a feast of stale gumybears and scavagned caned food I was ataccked by a werewolf. My spear that i had forged out of random junk and old shoestrings was no match for it, and I was forced to run. however, the werewolf tore open my arm and it became infected. 3 days latter i was dead.10/10 would play again. this game is bruttal, gritty, and desprtit. I would not have it any other way."
,Recommended,248860,17452256,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Gemini,"Highly recommend this game, it is a great survival game as well as it keeps its self interesting with tons of unique events, a couple of very unique locations which your very actions there can lead to profit, horrific injury or even sudden and terrible death, every action you make counts, no way to boil water? take a risk at drinking unidentified water and see if you die or not, hungry as hell nothing to eat? resort to canniblism to much and you go insane, as well as you'll have a faction hunting you down, get to confident? well a couple of dogmen will fix that! This game is great no two playthroughs are the same, each one presents different struggles for you to power through, or die trying, you may spend many days trying to find a pot or can to boil water with to die from waterborne diseases, you may end up being horrificly injured and try to do your best to survive it and end up barely surviving after weeks of hard work, this game is hard and punishing, it will abliterate you just like a real appocalypse will, definetely recomend this game"
76561198120804538,Recommended,248860,15669476,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Polyparrot,Top Tip 23;Never fight a man with stones. They will kill you.
,Recommended,248860,8860000,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Rightfulnoah,"I roamed around in Detroit only to get hit by a car after eating a meal in a diner. 10/10Oh yeah and you rip up your only clothes to stop yourself from bleeding to death and run around bare♥♥♥♥♥with a sharpened spear stapping the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of random people.Then this one time, I was like ""WOAH TWINKIES"" I ate them only to be mugged by some guys who were like ""dude that guy smells twinkies lets kill him"""
,Recommended,248860,29134776,Posted: 8 January,all,Papa Jammie,Very fun and hard. Kinda reminds me of Dwarf Fortress adventure mode. Having to manage your inventory space is suprisingly fun and lends to the realism and survival feeling of the game.
,Recommended,248860,28545816,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Squashbuckler,"Great game for the first 20 hours or so! 90 Percent of the loot is the same, which makes this game a bit of a snooze... I never made it though the gates in detroit. This ""post apocalyptic"" game provides some good entertainment as you try to stay alive looting and scavenging in the wasteland. Unfortunately, this is a repetitive practice.."
,Recommended,248860,9576799,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,grillder,Incredibly fun and intricate little game for you to play when you're waiting upon a download or something to smelt on Minecraft. (and I'm not saying that because the game is short; it tends to be your lives don't last very long)This game deserves a lot more recognition.
76561198047751062,Recommended,248860,12847399,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,LordSleepyOnion,"Got this game a few days ago and it has dominated my life! Not only is the game challenging, but there are so many facets to surviving! Cant wait for more updates to this game!My only qualm with this game is not having more starting abilities or being able to learn more skills later in the game."
,Recommended,248860,12743037,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,keiththrn,"Instantly addictive and damned tough, but without the disheartening feeling when dying that you sometimes getin roguelikes, because you expect to die. It is more about how long can you survive."
,Recommended,248860,13664825,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,original,Let me start off by saying i love this game! OK now that is out of the way let me say a couple of things this game is not your friend at all nor will it ever want to be try to be or anything the whole game is rng in a nutshell. my best example i was playing and i drank unpurified water well i didnt think it bothered me that badly well my character contracts Cholera after i last that ordeal i end up gaining another sickness after that and die very shortly after ending my run in which i had my weapon my backpack my gun and my way around the wastes all gone because i learned that dirty water will screw you in the long run. I would not suggest this game if your the kind of person who like to know whats going to happen and when it will happen this game will spit in your face and make you think differently about your a approach to it each time. Final notes Hardened Sharpened Stick too op'd please nerf :0
,Recommended,248860,29354910,Posted: 19 January,all,Sallet King,"i fought a giant robot, punched a spooky demon to death, and went into a spooky house with a ghost, then died of sepsis shortly after10/10 i'd die of sepsis again"
,Recommended,248860,32579205,Posted: 19 June,all,ColonelLazers,"Never, in any other game, have I valued a pair of functional shoes as greatly."
,Recommended,248860,8086706,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Major Horrigan,"despite being a little tough on the eyes the game has an addicting quality to it - if it gets more features like traits, more crafting and encounters it might be quite promisingnothing quite compares to palying a hobo bashing another hobo's skull in for a pair of shoes and a plastic bag -.-GET UR GRASY HANDS OF MY SHOPPING CART!!!"
,Recommended,248860,8131411,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Slits,"One of my favorite games of all time. A very difficult but addicting game. I would very strongly suggest to people who love appoclypse type games with a great story and  a wide variety of weapons, crafting recipes, and countless items."
76561197970418491,Recommended,248860,8069480,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,ML,"I wouldn't have supported this game and bought it if it wasn't for the demo. Good job to the developer for releasing one....Even though this game is an early access, it is quite enjoyable.  High replay value with the options to customize your traits, and randomization of maps, and good events, crafting, and locations. I also like the fact the game is kind of hardcore...it makes sense if you're trying to survive.Just a few notes on the game1. The game has a high learning curve. But don't worry it can be mastered2. You will die...I think I died from hypothermia in 5 turns one game3. You will die againI would recommend this to anyone who enjoys a challenge and the survivalist genre"
,Recommended,248860,14053029,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Boreal Neva,Fantastic game. Gave me lots of hours of experience and is certainly entertaining to play. Survival of the fittest is really fun as most of the battles can actually get your blood pumping. The side quests and main storyline are also entertaining. I'm not fantastic at writing a review but.. I still recommend this game.
76561198016713533,Recommended,248860,10628861,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Bat,"I am rockman. I pick up all the rocks everywhere I go.I sustain myself on berries as I am a super forager. I live in the woods most of the time, sometimes the cities when I'm a tad cold.I kill people by throwing ♥♥♥♥tons of pebbles at them. Even killing Russian myths. Mythbusters, aw yis.Of course, living 40 days in the wilderness has its downsides, like for instance dying from being a tad sick, passing out and freezing to death as well as vomiting to death.6/10 needs more content, needs some kind of base building♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198067878724,Recommended,248860,14304449,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,PancakeCats,"Still havent survived past 12 days but I can say without a doubt one of my favorite titles recently released. Dying Light? Dogmen are scarier. Call of Duty? This is a gods work compared to that peice of garbage. Stranded Deep? Great game but this is better. Of all my recently played and bought titles this will probably take the top spot. There is nothing quite like beating a douches head in with a crowbar who thought he could take you on with his sharpened stick, then taking his shoes.I r8 8/8 g8 game m8"
76561198037431930,Recommended,248860,9916031,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,bombadillio,I'm loving this game. i'd recommend for the price that it is atm. looking forward to seeing what the modding community can come up with :)
76561198110820240,Recommended,248860,11183380,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Bum,"This game is awesome take my word it has hours of fun and constantly more content in updates, but one thing I wish for and might even be in a update soon is forming a group or somthing like that. In encounters in the game you see groups of bandits or raiders, but if you could start your own that would be great"
76561198024910505,Recommended,248860,13279108,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Dartasan,I found it to be both intriguing and engaging....For a Hexagonal based game
76561198041727388,Recommended,248860,16871604,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Neil Breen,"Pretty much everything there is to say about this game has been said, though I'd like to throw in my two cents as well as address a couple issues I've seen people comment on in some of the reviews. First of all, the game is out of Early Access and is feature complete(to my knowledge), and does have an end-game scenario. It's just not that easy to do. 195 hours in the game and I have yet to ""beat"" it. Ususally for me the story comes second to the survival gameplay. The story is unique and interesting from what I've uncovered(and read about), though some things can take a long time to complete, and usually I'll die before I come close to completing my objective.This brings me to my second point. The game is hard, yes, but it's not as impossible as some people make it out to be. Jumping right in to the game with no prior knowledge, like I did, will be tough. You'll die quite often until you start to make some sense of the mechanics and gameplay. You will also get unlucky at times and be woken from a dead sleep by a creature which can mess you up bad. But, like I said, it's not impossible. You just need to try new skill combinations and ways of going through the world. Taking the strong/tough perks will allow you to wreck NPCs that you come across, but when you're faced with a life or death story scenario, you may not be as well equipped to deal with dangers as you may have thought. At the time of writing this, I've been playing a no-combat-skills build. I've taken Hacking, Medic, Botany, Lockpicking, Eagle Eye, Tracking, Athletic and Electrician, along with Fragile and Insomniac for the extra points. I've been playing this character for three or four real life days now, and I've gone through at least thirty in-game days. Without dying.Playing like this forces you to reconsider everything you've been doing. Before, I'd walk right up to that feral dog and turn it in to a pin cushion with my bow. Now though, I'm fragile and unskilled at any combat. All I have for protection is a war club, which, in my hands, is about as deadly as a shoe. If I even see a feral dog, I'm headed in a new direction. I've also found out that running awayis ♥♥♥♥ing useful!. I may not be able to kill that guy and eat his body, but I'm alive for another day. And I didn't even need his man meat. I've got the botany skill and can just forage around some forests and fill up on berries. In this current game, I've also not used any noise traps when I sleep, because I don't have the room. I get burdened easy, and only carry a couple small backpacks. Still, I have yet to die.You just need to think a little before commiting to an action. Before I try to get some rest, I hide and wait for a few turns to see if anyone's in the area. If no one has wandered into my camp, I sleep. And since I have insomnia, I usually wake up before anything gets too close to me. I know there's a terrible and unfortunate death waiting for me in the future, but until then I'll keep scouring this wasteland, looking for the RFID spoofing software I need in order to advance a story encounter I have yet to complete.This game isn't for everyone, but for me, it's definitely in my top 5. It's easy enough to pick up and play for 30 minutes of down time, or I can spend hours in the game, completely immersed and elated when I find a text file worth nearly $2000 in a laptop that's been sitting in a building for years, and which would have been useless to me were it not for the hacking trait.If you're undecided, just play the demo or watch some videos. There's quite a bit of content missing from the demo, but you'll get the gist of things and be able to make a more informed decision on whether or not this is your type of game. To anyone buying this game, I sincerely hope you like it, as it's like no other game I've played before, and absolutely one of my favorites. Thanks for the amazing game Daniel, and I am looking forward to your next endeavor."
,Recommended,248860,10238040,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,GrabTheGames,I enjoyed this game a lot. Very original. And have a lot of potential. Good Luck
,Recommended,248860,9688586,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Clammy,"First off, buy this game. If you haven't already, then you've probably read the reviews and decided that this piece of work is too ""brutal"" and the RNG will screw you over at every turn. I'm sure you know a lot about how the game is from the store page description and the other reviews, but what I want to address are all of these ""LITERALLY DID EVERYTHING TO PREPARE AND EVERY SINGLE GAME I CONSTANTLY DIE INSTANTLY OUT OF NOWHERE! >:((("".1. No, you don't step outside of the spawn area and ""very commonly"" die immediately.2. This is a roguelike. It's advertised as an extremely difficult roguelike. You may as well go buy Dark Souls and leave an angry review when you die.3. It's actually quite the challenge to be constantly on the tips of your toes, and if you don't like that, don't buy the game and leave a bitter review.4. Though the supernatural aspects beg to differ, this gameistrying to offer you the most authentic and realistic experience of surviving in a wasteland.5. It's not DayZ. You won't find bandages every corner where you look. You will, however, find enemies that are equally as equipped as you and have the exact same amount of health, strength, and endurance. If you can land a lucky one-shot, so can they."
,Recommended,248860,19578838,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Irken,"I played a tons of hours on offline mode!Nice game! My both genders togheter survival + rogue, the game is so difficult at the beginning. When u bougth it and played two games I wanted to refund the game but I thougth: ""hey give it a one more chance, it has a lot of positive reviews maybe I am doing something wrong"", then searched on the wikia and some tutorials on internet and then: BOOM! Tons of fun and challange games!First at all, remember this is a survival + rogue game, it means you will die a lot of times until you understand the mechanics of the game.Great game!"
76561198171660382,Recommended,248860,28014392,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Trollinator9000,As long as you have the patience and can adjust to the learning curve of the game it starts become extreamly fun.
,Recommended,248860,28058212,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Filo Pilo,"Great survival game. Steep learning curve, the wiki helps."
,Recommended,248860,28013289,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Moist Egg Roll,"Worth every penny I've spent on it. I've played quite alot of surivival games, but this really scratched an itch I've had for quite some while. It has just enough complexity to be challenging, while still retaining a high replayability value.  It does have a somewhat clunky interface, but you eventually get used to it. I'd like for the developers to add more features, such as items, NPC's, and gameplay mechanics, but you can still load up mods (I recomended after you put in a few hours) and it's still very much a complete game. Not only that, but it has low processing requirements, which is a huge plus for any game."
,Recommended,248860,26631858,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,=CHAIN=,10 hours into game i never survived longer than an hour. Starting new and new over and over again kinda pisses me off slowly.I would recommend this game to people with lots of patience.
,Recommended,248860,27959316,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Duke_Grapefruit,"You know those survival first person games like Rust, Day Z, The Forest, etc., etc., etc.,? This game is hundreds of times more complex, yet somehow easier to play and more enjoyable. Sure, there's no multilayer, but you don't need it. Not only does it have the perfect lonely, post apocalyptic vibe pulsing through it the entire time you play it, it also has a wonderful cyberpunk sense of a style and flair.It's not perfect, the UI and Crafting can be a ♥♥♥♥♥ to learn, some skill don't line up how you want them too, but it's worth every penny you spend on it."
,Recommended,248860,28062042,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,noodle,"Punishing survival game.  What FO3 and FO4 on survival difficulty should feel like.  Be warned, you will die.Strongly suggest keeping backup saves, while strictly this is cheating, the early play loop becomes a chore the hundredth time through."
76561198146210009,Recommended,248860,12910175,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,flyingmushroom,"Why I have stopped playing NEO Scavenger.First of all congratulations on creating this game.  Its a very very good game. This is the first and possibly only review I have ever been compelled to write on steam and its something to be said for the quality of this game that I want to save this game for me and not put it in my discard pile.I hesitated about giving this a yes review for the reason that there is no save function.  I get what you are trying to do with death being death however after spending over one hundred hours and near twenty or thirty attempts just to get as far as the gate of detroit (once)... in the last three cases doing nothing but hunting and hiding in a forest making leather armour (mod?) for nigh on twenty hours of play time only to be slaughtered by two dog men half an hour after setting out for the city then doing the same thing in another game, spending this time ten hours (of real life time)  in a forest making leather armour only to be slaughtered by three men as soon as I left the forest not even being able to run away and then doing the same thing, ten hours in a forest hunting and making armour,  only to be slaughtered while I slept without even waking up even though I had multiple noise traps in place.  Then I tried cheating using a mod to add every skill but it had lost its charm because of this becoming too easy.  I dont want a walkthough,  want a hard playthrough but please not a hundred of them, I dont have the time.I have stopped playing this game because I dont have this sort of time to spend to get no where in a game.  I choose not to play again to try and get somewhere in the plot only then to later get slaughtered having spent a hundred hours progressing the plot and have to start all over again.  I want to play it through and I commend you for having this idea to have this ""when your dead your dead"" idea but I actually have a real life to survive in and I simply dont have time to spend too much of it locked into this game.Yes, have an Iron man mode for the realism of the survival aspect of the game, but until there is a save function I will not be returning to this game.  I recommend this game to anyone who has a hundred hours to spend just to get out of the starting blocks.EDIT... I have changed this from NO to YES to NO to YES... Its too good not to reccomend.  And... then... I started another game... Dan... I hate you... I love you... I hate you... I love you... please add an iron man function your driving me insane."
76561198014588708,Recommended,248860,12966878,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Strange Fruit,"A nice premise - old style hex adventure, but with the usual apocalyse scenario.Its far from easy, for example anyone thinking of rushing headlong against mobs the moment you start should think again or you will die, and it will happen often. Sneak around scavenging for clothing, weapons... craft those bits of junk into something useable. Then go out again - you'll still get killed, but perhaps less often. This is a game of learning and trial & error. You will learn as you die. And you will learn as you survive. Its something of a slow burner. You WILL come back to it after a period of frustration. It'll sit there somewhere in your mind, suggesting you have another go - maybe this time...Permadeath has to be in the game or would essentially ruin the story, and essentially this is the driving force - this game can be replayed with different information based on your skillset - perhaps some things that would be hidden would be revealed.I feel some things that need improving - crafting for example is good, but would be best if it remembered every combination you'd come up with from previous games (rather like the old son of in the old rogue type games. This has some previous recipes but not many, and trying to remember them all yourself is absurd.Also something that (I think) needs changing to a degree is the way loot is calculated - many times you can obtain a hoard from scavenging with almost no chance to gain anything, but then you can repeatedly find nothing when you have a good chance. Certain skills improve or reduce this, but I think too much in some cases.Basically here is a potentially good game, which needs many more refinements before it can really be considered complete.I enjoy this sort of game, but I really wonder if I'm actually anything better than totally rubbish at them. The fact is that despite any faults - any time you have what you deem to be a completely unfair death or when you were just starting to do well for once then along comes... a big nasty monster... at least you have the knowledge of what doesnt work next time, or a different skill to pick - maybe you'll endure the early multitude of deaths and finish the game - perhaps I really am rubbish at it, maybe it (the game) needs balancing, or maybe it always will be just a tad too hard.In conclusion:I'd play it more if I didnt die as often, if I got to see slightly more of the story.All too often you go through the initial stages then die in a low level battle. Perhaps if you were just left sometimes with your stuff robbed - at least you had a little chance...7/10 (with potential to be 9/10)**SPOILER ALERT**Leave the talisman alone."
76561198008369673,Recommended,248860,12993408,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Drecano,"Well well well.  Now this is something quite good and interesting.This game has pleasently took me by surprise and I'm enjoying whats on offer so far.Best way I can sort of explain this, is basically a Tactics style game with Text Adventure Role Playing elements set in an apocolyptic environment, coupled with...I guess Day Z/Rust style scavenging.I'm only just starting to understand the basics of the game, however it is quite enjoyable.Basically you are person thats escaped from a facility and you must try and uncover who you are.  To do this you must survive going through the world and scavenging stuff that you need.  To do this, you enter locations and you must decide if its worth it to scavenge there or not.  You may find nothing or the mother load!...or a trap and a jackass waiting to cave your skull in with a crowbar.I like how my first OMG YES!! moment was when I found a backpack so I could carry more stuff.  I guess thats the best part of it.  The thrill of finding those essential bits and pieces that you need and surviving those moments where you are attacked.The combat requires you to be thoughtful and tactical, until someone gives in or dies.  So you have to read the text box to see what is going on in that fight and do what you can accordingly.  One mess up and you are done.I like whats been done with this game.  You get the feel that everything is your enemy, from the human, the creatures and the world itself.  Hell you are just as likely to freeze to death as you are to be bludgeoned to death.  It will keep you on your toes.Give this a game a try, it will keep you engrossed for a long time and for what...a 60-70MB download?  I'm behind that all the way."
,Recommended,248860,13044697,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,ThunderTurtles,"A very well made survival RPG, very Rouge-like in ways.Expect to die often and frequently for the first few hours, but you can bet you'll be coming back for more.Highly recommend if you like challanging games, RPG's or Rouge-likes."
76561198047952075,Recommended,248860,13163550,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Shooster,"I have only one request: Simplfy and add a bit more detail to the crafting system.-When using numerous items in the crafting area, it was difficult to tell what items I was using for the final product.Other then that, this game is intense.I spent about 5 hours dying by the hands of the Merga Wraith, wondering how to avoid it, only to check a guide and find it was because of the damned bronze talisman you begin with. DON'T TAKE THAT DAMN THING OFF, EVER!After that, the game became easier, but not by much. The mostly text based action and story is amazing, I made it quite far (I'd like to think), to a place called the Hidden Lake after reaching Detroit. The story quickly turned from post apocalypse action and survival to a suspenseful horror tale in a manner of seconds. And then I DIED?!?!?! ""What the Hell!?"" I was thinking the perma-death couldn't be anymore annoying (in a good way) but now I'm even more compelled to make it back there and best that area :DGreat stuff guys.Good thriller/suspense mixed with post-apocalyptic turn based text rpg.It may be old school but it doesn't hold anything back10/10"
,Recommended,248860,12942549,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,SpoonFed,Very hardcore survival which makes it pretty awesome. Everything from temperature to infectious diseases are a part of surviving the now post-apoctaliptic wasteland that is outer Detroit. From thugs to Random mutants are just one part of the other many random encounters that will happen during your journey to figure out what hapened to you. Not much else I can give you without having spoilers.
76561198059010998,Recommended,248860,13201707,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,AidsChan,"Its fun and has a lot of potential, but its very unforgiving."
,Recommended,248860,13312583,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Feeze,"I've sunk at least 50 hours into this game (I used to play the demo a lot...I was broke!) and I can honestly say that this is one of the best work-in-progress games I have ever played.That's not to say that this game is flawless. The games combat system is designed to be extremely punishing. Therefore adding a risk vs. reward element into most things you can do. However, even when equipped with the best gear, it often comes down to random luck. I've flat out shot people in the head, had them survive, stay concious and then shoot through my helmet and kill me. Other times, I've shot people in the leg and had them die. It honestly feels like I'm playing turn-based Call Of Duty when using guns. The melee system is even worse. It doesn't really matter what weapon you have or what armor you're wearing if you face a dogman (or any other creature for that matter) and attempt to melee it you're screwed.Also, this game being in a post-apocalyptic setting, you have to scavenge for resources (food, water, clothing, armor, etc.). While normally I would be all for this type of mechanic, especially considering the setting, the speed you run through your resources is ridiculous and, at times, can make the game extremely boring as you get stuck in an endless cycle of, find city, scavenge city, use resources found in city, repeat. While this isn't always true, it is for a large majority of the time.However, the story elements that are slowly being implemented are making this game much more dynamic and the resource system is becoming less and less of an issue.Where this game shines and puts it head and shoulders about the competition is its realism. Most games shy away from the possibilities of what a post-apocalyptic society could become, but not NEO Scavenger. From the arena, to the gated city of Detroit, this game feels extremely realistic in its setting, something many other games can't claim.If this game was released today, I'd give it a 6/10. But for an early access game, easily a 8/10."
76561198051525904,Recommended,248860,13519322,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,PAULANER Salvador,followed and supported this game for the last 4 years i love such games old school rgue post apocalyptic rpgs
,Recommended,248860,13476365,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Owl,"This game is amazing.I usually don't even play these kind of games, but this game really did get me into it. Its harsh, and you should probably expect to die a horrible, cold death the first couple times you play. But when you start to figure out everything, it gets easier.I haven't gotten too far into the game yet, but there seems to be a pretty cool story involving your character.I highly reccomend picking up this game"
76561197998212552,Recommended,248860,18891483,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Pyrrhus,"i found a plastic bag and was happy about it : now i can carry some stuff.i collected some shiny stuff (rags, 2 left shoes, a bag of chips, an empty bottle...)then i died from hypotermia.hobo simulator 2015.11/10"
,Recommended,248860,9360090,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,antique archibald,"This game is so underrated. It plays a lot like the original Fallout games, but this game demands you to have real survival skills."
,Recommended,248860,28848027,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Kias,"A great game with a unique take on a post apoclypse role playing setting. The combat, scavenging, and exploration are all excellent. My only complaint is that characters can't gain skills or bonuses after creation. You pretty much are who you are once you start."
76561198038259777,Recommended,248860,8007800,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Turtlecatfish,i love this game so much the only problem is that i get full kit and i get killed by a guy with his fist whice needs to be fixed but its a very good game
,Recommended,248860,8024303,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,4b6167,"A difficult survival game with old school graphics, NEO Scavenger surprises you with an immersive setting and an rewarding experience. It's rare to find a game where you feel like you've accomplished something when you've finally figured out how to survive more than a day in game."
76561198118931555,Recommended,248860,10515624,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,DickLovinFag69,The game is different for most games i have played but it is one of the best i have played there as so many different ways to survive. But i would say get the demo before buying the game to see if you would enjoy it
76561198071315091,Recommended,248860,35094670,Posted: 20 September,all,Nichtmara,One of those great games that doesn't hold your hand. You will die. Alot. And that's kinda the point. Few survival games want to kill you this bad and yet it still feels balanced and fair. I love this game.
,Recommended,248860,35074604,Posted: 19 September,all,Jimmy Rustle,"I pirated this game a very long time ago (no shame), and loved it to bits. I saw it randomly on Steam, a couple of years since the last time I played it, and was excited to support the game I had loved and have a nice pretty up to date and legitimate copy.(Minor spoilers ahead)The missions are the same every playthrough, and the map only changes slightly with each new save, but it doesn't get old. You'll develop your own playstyle over time, have your favorite skills and such. Some people like to rough it in wilderness, others like to chill with the Enclave, some like to head to Detroit and make a living off of selling scavenged goods to the marketplace. There are countless little details and different ways to approach situations using special items and skills in this game. Don't let the graphics (or the dozens of newbie deaths) fool you, this is an amazing game if you dig the realistic survival thing.Only cons I can really think of is that combat could be made a little bit less repetitive. Perhaps add some different verbage and some new kinds of wounds. But that's a very nitpicky thing."
76561198129042546,Recommended,248860,13404827,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Senpai,"Now im gonna tell you just how good this game is, at first i was a bit sceptical and thought hmmm probably not the game for me but i saw it had a demo. I decided to play it. Hooked instantly. I just couldn't stop playing, i played the demo (not even the full game just the demo) for about 60 hours. Thats when i decided this is the game for me. Bought it and was honestly one of the best decisions i made, a must buy.     10/10 would scavenge again"
76561198051180929,Recommended,248860,8029444,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Wayne Kerr,"A great post apocalyptic game set in Michigan. Make one mistake anywhere in the game and you are dead, but play your cards right and you will be rewarded."
76561198035785435,Recommended,248860,10265416,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Everleigh,"Hard at first, until you get the hang of it. Then it's still hard, but you know what to do and how to do it. :) Love it. I see myself wasting hours playing!"
76561198039491781,Recommended,248860,15685804,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Nāder Šāh Afšār,Turn-based btard child of Dark Souls and DayZ.10 dogmen killing you while you sleep/10
76561198030328396,Recommended,248860,8040065,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,ShortBaldLoud,"With the ability to download a demo, this developer has shown that they understand and care about their customers. Too many early access games ask you to fork out money on the promise that there will be more to come. Neo Scavenger reminds me of fun, hour-wasting, indie games I used to play on CD-ROMs that came free with gaming magazines. It currently plays as a complete game, with some minor bugs, and has a great early nineties retro art style that I love. Would recommend supporting this developer and this game."
,Recommended,248860,34393095,Posted: 21 August,all,nKe,"If you enjoy survival RPGs, this game is a must.Mastering this game feels like an achievement."
,Recommended,248860,27432358,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,French Bill,Great shopping bag collecting sim ever.
76561197975974379,Not Recommended,248860,24051088,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Harlequin,"Yeah it's hardish.. perma death with limited resources and an environment that can kill you easily (hypothermia, stavation, thirst)...all good stuff for an RPG in theory... but ultimately it's needlessly repeative in combat coupled with constant random encounters day and night that will probably kill you, mix with perma death and it makes a frustrating and somewhat boaring game due to so much ""try 'n die"".To give you an idea of the game, I survived a few  days finally and ran into a guy who  I traded the medalion your character has for a rifle (fair trade and no warning about the risk) and apparently  that means I get a MergaWriaththat follows me until it kills me... yeah that sort of thing in a game is♥♥♥♥♥♥poor design and serves no purpose other than the kill player so they keep the medallion until the end game. But without a wiki to tell I should not have traded it, I would not know this until the second or third time I got the MergaWriath...Is it worth the purchase price ($5) I paid? Well I've played it for a couple of hours so it was cheaper than a movie......But probably less enjoyable, I doubt I'll play it much due to the frustration levels it does bring to the RPG genre.It is aimed at hard core rpg gamers who like to die a lot and often for reasons beyond their control...."
76561198112587431,Recommended,248860,8438705,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,diddlin2005,its fun
76561198009289583,Recommended,248860,9090177,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Waldo,"Really digging this game. Kinda like Fallout 1/2 with massive inventory control and crafting. Really enjoy the old school graphics as well, aaahhh the good days...."
76561198095813433,Recommended,248860,12405704,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,The Good Doctor,finaly have a good pixelated survival waseland full of fun things to do im actually living at the cryo facility best area to live peeps always be coming to surrender but then later i track em down kill em and eat em and the best part is the occasional soldier will come by and ill be sneaky and ko him with a crowbar
,Recommended,248860,32999433,Posted: 29 June,all,Peil,I couldn't imagine I would like a game that looks like it was created in 1994.  Based on the screenshots it didn't look like an interesting game.  But those 90% positive reviews made me wonder why so many people liked it.  I checked out a youtube video and it looked like I might enjoy it.  Then it went on sale for $3.74 and I realized I had nothing to lose.Well worth the $3.74.
,Recommended,248860,34416375,Posted: 22 August,all,CanDaniel,This game made me think if I could survive on a diet of ketchup
,Recommended,248860,14668973,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,NoOmega,"Just imagine - some feral dog just attacked you. You killed it with bare hands, but now your arm is bleeding. You trying to find something like bandage in your plastic bag, the only bag you have, but there's nothing useful for the situation like that. Finally you found some dirty rags and bandage your arm. Your left foot hurts now cuz you wearing same-right shoes. But you need to keep going and find some shelter for the night... You wake up in the middle of the night because of the pain. You carefully take off the bandage from your hand... The wound looks a lot worse.......This atmosphere is INSANE!!!!!!!!!!MUSIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Love it <3pssorry for my english, i'm learning."
,Recommended,248860,15512580,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,MLYee,"This game is fantastic, it takes everything about hardcore survival and makes it more hardcore.Expect death, don't get frustrated, and most importantly learn from your mistakes.It's the perfect blend of realism and fiction. If I could hit the Like button multiple times I would."
,Recommended,248860,33971647,Posted: 2 August,all,Bob Star,I've had so much fun with the game over the years.  It's one of those games that just has the right pace for me when I need it.  Highly recommended if you like survival rogue-likes.
76561197970537919,Recommended,248860,26280660,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Mauz,"Turn based, Brutal Survival and Combat - all made by one dude (former Bioware guy) - and a total mystery story-line make for a thrilling game.Forewarning - this is not big budget graphics made by a AAA studio, but passable pixel-art that conveys the world and its current state.Do not pass on this."
,Recommended,248860,29042540,Posted: 5 January,all,<(ASR)>Dauthi,Very difficult highly addictive
76561198085700536,Recommended,248860,26525256,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,luke73tnt,Very simple but addicting
76561198008782952,Recommended,248860,26319031,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,zimmer550,"Builds atmosphere superbly. Takes you over entirely. Does get boaring soon enough, but the first 30 or so hours are unforgettable."
,Recommended,248860,33757684,Posted: 23 July,all,cfitz22,its pretty great
,Recommended,248860,13189926,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Boris,"Haven't played enough of this game, 9/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,248860,8024743,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Walter Schwartz,"Reminds me of what games used to feel like. That text-based adventure feel, but with a better GUI"
76561197970540799,Recommended,248860,19515304,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,FormUnknown,"Get this game. It is amazing for the price.  At first you will die a ton.  Until you learn the mechanics, it is an unforgiving ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  After a while you will survive forever except for straight bad luck, which you just can't avoid sometimes.  Do a google search for the wiki if you are lost.  It helps a lot."
76561198104089191,Recommended,248860,12047143,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Bushi Neko,"Cheesy game play? Not really at all. Graphics and interface are not 'high speed' but the game is about choices, and not letting yourself get beat down. 11 hours I made it. Oh joy! Very inventory management intensive. If you want to keep something better figure out how to fit it in whatever you may have at hand. Pretty cool crafting so far to. I made a shiv and a spear pretty quick. I also figured out to sacrifice a sleeping man to escape a death right at the start. This is not a forgiving game either. I got knocked down and then beaten to death by two guys and was not able to get up and defend myself. Ouch.Pretty neat little distraction here.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=312424143"
76561198037717882,Recommended,248860,34844465,Posted: 9 September,all,The Captain,"Been playing for a few days and have to say its a fanastic game. Everything will try to kill you, getting greedy will kill you, not using common sense will kill you.Item managment simulator at its finest. You will never have enough storage space and pushing the limits will cost you dearly in combat.Few hints to anyone starting to play;Boil your waterBotany is a must if you want to stave off hungerthat unarmed guy you meet and want his stuff? May or may not be a MMA championLeave the goddamned necklace ON"
,Recommended,248860,28241962,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Astrolite,You have died of dysentery.
,Recommended,248860,8886071,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,ansamat,"I didn't think it would be worth $10. I was wrong, its easily worth $20, and the game isn't even completely finished yet.Its kind of like FTL, its challenging, you fail regularly, you have to learn the old fashioned way.Currently still addicted, and could easily see myself coming back to this game for years to come.I Highly Recommend this game.Its amazing how the simple elements, such as story, sound, risk, and even unexpected death come to be so much fun."
,Recommended,248860,24653243,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Ante je zakon,"It's a great game and worth the 5€ purchase BUT the downside is not having some kind of a checkpoint mechanic. The game is pretty long and hard, but by design choice (roguelike) there's permadeath. As you die you will see yourself doing the same things troughout the game, and it becomes a bit repetitive after 20 times.You can hack trough the save games though and if you're not a hardcore player you might just have to do it to see the ending of the game."
,Recommended,248860,14912226,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Thekmim,"Survived Sepsis.Survived Blue Rot.Survived Poison.Survived Gastroenteritis.Survived Trial Of Light. Twice.Survived arena battle vs. deadly robot at 'Zom Zom's.Survived Internal Bleeding.Survived Cholera.Survived severe cases of Dehydration, Lack of food, Vomiting, Diarrhea, etc.Survived Pneumonia...Gets♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by a horde of naked aliens - Dies.11/10"
,Recommended,248860,30188576,Posted: 25 February,all,Brotagonist,Wonderful funif it works in your favor.Nice sound and graphics.90% of stuff is based on chance or RNGyou will always get bad RNGalwaysGame is harder than dark souls once you get anything goingNot even a jokePlay this game if you like to self torture.I spent an hour and a half suffering from garbage loot drops finally to get to zom zoms. (First starter city) and when i exit i get 1 shotted by 5 bad mutha's. FIVE.
76561198006605318,Recommended,248860,26180576,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Disco Stu,"Two eyes flickered open and heavy breaths followed as she awoke from the nightmare. Her body shot upward from the sleeping bag. She felt her grip on it loosen as she began to calm down. Her eyes adjusted to the dim lighting of the shed.  She listened to her racing heart and the rain on the shed’s metal roof.For a moment, a mere moment, the girl felt relaxed by the noise. Rain was soothing. The unbroken rhythm of each drop.But the ease was lost when she heard a grumbling noise from the pit of her stomach. Her eyes traveled to her stomach. She placed her hands on her stomach, and tried to remember a time where she felt full. As proof, she wore a protruding ribcage.Her attention was then drawn to the door of the shed. She could go out and search for food, risk death for food. Or stay here safe from the outside world and risk starvation.Another grumble from her stomach made up her mind. The young girl found the dagger behind her dirty pillow. She gazed at it’s worn appearance for a moment. A dagger was not much but she had not much else.With as must courage as she could muster, she slid out of the sleeping bag and crept slowly out of the shed. With one last look at the place she considered home, a dusty area with only one hole for light to penetrate through and a small space, she turned away from the shed.Her eyes looked around the forest and felt goosebumps as rain tickled her skin.The air was coated in a thick fog and the air was stale. What little left of trees stood, but various scraps decorated the ground.At the age of fifteen, she had been on her own since she was five. Well that what she could remember at least. Whatever happened to the world, she could not recall. The only thing she could recall was her name, or what she had been called at the time. Merida.Merida shivered feeling the rain soak into her clothes, or what little there was of her clothes.The scrawny young girl moved away from the shed. She crept through the forest, feeling her muscles tense. A few snarls, growls and footsteps reminded her that she was not alone in the woods. It was dangerous here.A few moments of walking and she heard something. A bush rustled. Her eyes darted to the bush and she stopped suddenly. She moved quickly behind a log across from the bush. A small rabbit wandered out of the bush. It's ears twitched for a moment. Luckily, it seemed to not have noticed Merida's presence. The rabbit sniffed at the ground for a moment and turned it's back to the log.Hunger outranked patience, and Merida suddenly leaped forward towards the rabbit. She aimed her dagger for the creature, but missed. The rabbit, startled, begin to ran. Merida eagerly chased the rabbit farther. Her legs ached as she forced herself to continue.It wasn't until a while, when Merida managed to chase it to the outskirts of the forest. Caught up in the chase, she had not noticed where she was until she tripped on a tin can. She fell down the hill and into the heaps of scraps.The dagger in her hand had slipped from her grasp. It fell along with her.With a sudden stop downward, she caught a glimpse of the rabbit running through the scrapyard. Her eyes wandered around, and she felt fear gnaw at her. She had never been here before. She had never left the forest before.Merida tried to catch her breath. Her small body was not strong enough for the run. Pain engulfed her right leg. She noticed a red liquid spilling from her leg. A large cut rested on her knee. Various scratches decorated her body as well.She guessed the fall into the scraps had managed to give her the mark, along with the blade of the dagger. Tears threatened to seep out her eyes but she dare not cry.The girl struggled to stand. But her leg was badly injured and the weight of body was too much.So she crawled forward. After a few attempts, the girl gave up. The pain in her leg was unbearable.There she lay, amongst the scraps, with a still empty belly, a damaged body and lost hopes.'There's no one, no one here to help me..', she thought to herself in despair.With that, she shut her eyes, and awaited death. She knew she was not dying at the moment; but without shelter, food, and with her wound, she didn't think she'd last a night.***Night was present when she heard the noise of the beasts. Creatures of all variety were known to come out at night time. Her eyes tried to make out her surroundings in the darkness.The night brought cold air to her. She shivered, and wished for her shed. At least it was shelter there.Merida heard something rustle near the scraps. She shook in a terrified motion as the sound came closer. Clomp. Clomp. It almost sounded like footsteps. Merida tried to move her legs, but they felt numb.She struggled to move, anything to avoid what ever it was.The noise drew closer. All she could manage to do was hold her breath. A light as well, a red glow, was now close to her. She tried to avoid looking towards whatever it was, in fear that it would see her glancing.The noise was now there near her. And the glow surrounded her. She close her eyes in fear. Suddenly, something cold and metallic touched her. She opened her eyes slowly, and saw two glowing eyes looking at her. The glow showed a mechanical being made of metal, gears and scraps.And that was when she drifted into darkness."
76561198067760818,Recommended,248860,15210798,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,ricegum diss track,good game about detriot crackheads
76561198069712605,Recommended,248860,21570403,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,King Dyre the Stranger of Kiev,very breeki
,Recommended,248860,21610916,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Accrazy77,"Great game, more fun than some AAA games in my opinion"
76561198076595672,Recommended,248860,23624920,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Hoboinblack,10/10 killed by a melonhead whilst having not only a .38 with 18 rounds but also a .308 with 9 round :/
,Recommended,248860,9108285,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,leksg,A must have for all fallout/post nuclear fans
,Recommended,248860,32125058,Posted: 2 June,all,|Like| <3,Once you get familiar with ui and game mechanics(not that hard to do so) the game become really entertaining.
,Recommended,248860,10740195,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Not Quite Dead,Wear a beautiful gown and eat the flesh of surrendering scavangers.
,Recommended,248860,10109940,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Boring name here,I can have 2 left shoes on 11/10
76561198033087299,Not Recommended,248860,23901244,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Riggs,"This game is for extreme hardcore strategists or masochists. If you are the one, then go ahead and buy it. My experience in this game didn't give me a lot of satisfaction nor fun. You just die, no matter what you do, no matter where you go. You will freeze to death or be killed by... anything. There is no rollback and you get permadeath. There are close to none information about your character and chances of succes of the actions you make. There is a weird combat system: even with a ""strong"", ""melee"" and ""tough"" perks you die, eventually. 50% of desicions you make is the Luck based, plus another 50% is the Curiosity, combined together will lead you to death.The concept is very good, but the implementation is still needs a lot of work.Combining with the other issues I would wait for improved version."
76561197987316902,Not Recommended,248860,26608294,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,RAGE,Uses Flash Files to save games?  Lost my Save.  No thanks.
,Recommended,248860,11858575,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,[TAVOG] 武士道 Stevo,Found a boot once....died of hypothermia not long after. This game is brutal.
76561198139583348,Recommended,248860,14601860,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,jdhkdc,Very difficult but so much fun
76561198121995844,Recommended,248860,12589229,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,timpleton101,best game i have ever played
76561198008431543,Recommended,248860,12382293,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Reaver,Its amazing simply put. 10/10
,Recommended,248860,12444433,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Shekel and Hide,the whole market beat my blind hobo up for peddling human meat unknowingly #flesh pedaler
76561198101532873,Recommended,248860,12516780,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,ItsNaku,"made an incredible ranged based character, would pelt anyone stupid enough to come near with pebbels for days, made some good clothes and has a great camp set up. one night i forgot to set up my noise traps, guy hit me with an arrow with i slept, killed the hell out of that guy, but was hurt bad. i died from internal bleeding almost a day later, 10/10"
,Recommended,248860,14434162,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Peltz,"This game needs a health hazard warning. Most addictive gameplay, especially once one figures out how to save/load.Oh and this game makes grown men cry so purchase at your own risk!"
76561198038509596,Recommended,248860,12395142,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,powerjack1431,the game need alot of impovement and i think at the moment is not worth the $10 it cost but it have alot a potential to become a good game.
76561198071330320,Recommended,248860,12472779,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,mr. bitey,"I gotta say, it's pretty sad that this game only has ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" review rates. I purchased this game because I saw my brother play it one day, and it looked like a good game to pass the time, maybe when I was downloading something or needed something to do while I was about to go somewhere. So I paid for the game, and launched it, and found it extremely difficult to play. It took me maybe 2 hours to figure out where to go, what to do, and how to survive. But once I did, it began opening new windows in the world of NEO Scavenger. I got really far, then one day while fighting a DMC Guard, was fatally shot in the chest and killed. I thought to myself, ""No big deal, I'll just do it again."" So I did. And I died of a disease called The Blue Rot. I continued playing. Died of a bandit. Continued playing...and playing...and playing....Eventually I went upstairs and I found out that I had been playing the game for 3 hours, but what seemed to be only 30 minutes to me. In other words, the ten dollars I spent on this game lasted a whole long while.PROS OF THIS GAME-Time consuming, and very, very fun.-Don't need a super computer to run it.-Download time is literally 3 minutes.-There generally is no raging at your monitor included with this game.-The creativity put into this game is flippin' amazing.-Totally worth the ten dollars.CONS OF THIS GAME-Mild glitches can interrupt gameplay (NOTE THAT IT IS IN EARLY ACCESS)-If you're someone who doesn't have a lot of time on their hands, don't buy this.-This game sucks the life essence out of you and your friends.-Updates generally come rather slowly.Anyway, this game is great and you need to buy it."
,Recommended,248860,8325164,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,jonnas-quinn,It might look simplistic but there is a lot of fun happening here
,Recommended,248860,8267709,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Patriot Derpy: Muffin Eater,"While yes this game does take a bit to get used to how it works, once you have it down, and know where to go and what to look for, this game becomes addicting like crazy. Depending on your skill, you can do so much, and with updates being consistant, this game can be the next Fallout. The only thing you have to know is that this is Permadeath, you die, and you have to start over, but dont let that deter you. This game is for anyone who loves the post-apocolyptic settings as well as scavenging, as well as Fallout series fans."
76561198032364349,Recommended,248860,8385823,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,shadowsnipe5,This game is very hard but once you get the hang of it its still hard but you wont be as mad where you die.... a lot.
76561198059856351,Recommended,248860,8404463,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,TytanEdge,Amazing and interesting survival game that you MUST try! Brings a unique feel to the survival genre that I feel it has been lacking.
,Recommended,248860,8407498,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Checkers!,"Amazing game, even in Early Access! Very immersive and intense gameplay as I have to allot time and attention to different aspects of survival, such as food and water, hiding from groups of humans or mutants, taking advantage of the lone bandit, crafting and scavenging for clothes and gear, spending my nights shivering and wary of looters.If you like games such as Project Zomboid and FTL: Faster Than Light for the apocalyptic atmosphere, critical decision making, and unforgiving gameplay, then you will definitely love NEO Scavenger."
,Recommended,248860,17065629,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,piss king chalmers,i spent several days of my young life listening to an old canadian man read♥♥♥♥♥♥creepypastas while i tried to find the most efficient way to brew some gay♥♥♥♥♥tea and sell it to the denizens of a post-apocalyptic future detroitim single
,Recommended,248860,9085281,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Horton,"So addicted to this game already, a good indy survival game, can't wait for more. <3"
,Recommended,248860,11080815,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,GooseMendella,"PLAY THIS GAME!!!!!!!!! The best survival game out there, very immersive and you actually feel like a 'Wastelander'. This game is all about dying and living. The first couple times you play are challenging but you start to pick things up. How to make fires so you don't freeze to death, boil water, make meat last longer, make clean rags, what to do and what not to do when you engage other people, etc. After that the game is quite enjoyable. Each time you die you learn what you did wrong and survive even longer. Who knows, maybe you'll live long enough to see the snow ;D"
76561197970492926,Recommended,248860,19720209,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,ryleyg,"Even cheating I can't stop dying. Excellent, uniquely realized game."
,Recommended,248860,8948222,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Take my shotgun,"The game is still very raw, but awesome already. If you are into survival stuff or/and a big Fallout fan, you must try this game out. Demo would be enough, though I found out that the full game differs in balance a bit. You won't be able to make a big progress using in-game info only, so prepare to browse external wiki a lot.Combat system is just awesome leaving you with a dire impressions of a martial combat to death, I can't think of anything exciting like that in recent turn-based games. You will feel the force of each crowbar punch landing on your enemies' breaking their limbs. I'm not being sadistic here, but that's what you expect from a post apocalyptic role play survival game. Lack of sex is a big disappointing here though, it would give the game a perfect touch.NEO Scavenger's mechanic is purely brilliant, but the main hardcorish problem to me is that story line is rather linear (though it gives you options to complete quests depending on your perks from time to time), once you've made ""a wrong"" decision you'll be punished with no option to progress at all, making you literally start the game over from the very beginning. It forces you to constantly peak into forums and wiki, leaving you with no free will options at all.I strongly recommend to buy this game to support its developer."
76561197994801040,Recommended,248860,8980590,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Reverend Zombie,"This game is a lot of fun. You can approach it in very different ways and it has rewarding replay value.  My complaint is that the Learning Curve is STEEP (which is fine) but once you get a solid rhythm going and understand the fundamentals well enough, the game quickly comes to an 'end' of produced content.Fortunately, you already know to expect an incomplete game, since it obviously says ""Early Access""."
,Recommended,248860,8849388,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Seeker,"A lot to learn, and a lot of things that can go right and a lot can go wrong. Lots of opprotunities to do things, and the world is yours to explore. Tip; Start out with Melee/Tough/Strong, Eagle Eye, Trapping, and fight the Dogman. You'll need Eagle Eye to see the mutiltool in the room. Leave the room, then go back to the cryo building and then, you'll need to craft the multitool with the Trapping Skill, and the Dogman corpse. It'll give you one of the best starting out points, able to fight off hypothermia fairly easily."
,Recommended,248860,8807018,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,instagram.com/horse_duck_art,"Right now, it is a promising start for a Roguelike-like. The game offers an interesting spin on the survival genre, by almost singlemindedly focusing on resource gathering. Every mechanic of the game is geared toward that. You'll spend most of the time looking at a grid-based inventory screen, playing Tetris with items. This is no Diablo, though, and what you bring with you might make the difference between life and death.Food-clocks are a pretty common mechanic in traditional Roguelikes and many offshoots (Think of the advancing rebel army in FTL). Time and resource based constraints are a good way to keep the player on its toes, forcing him to push forward instead of farming lower level content to gain advantage.NEO Scavenger doesn't joke with time constraints. Get some clothing fast or it's unlikely you'll make past the first night.There are some balancing issue though, mostly due to the random world generation. Sometimes jeans are harder to find than sleds for some reason. Sometime, there are miles between your initial spawning location and any useful city hex tile.While dying like this might be realistic in a post-apocalyptic setting, it's kinda frustrating to experience more than a couple times.Also, there's a story going on; and by that, I mean a real story, not an emergent one - with quests, characters and dialogues. Not something you see everyday in these type of games. I'm not particularly bothered by it, but I wish I could opt out of it altogether and strike out on my own, handling my own business. The main issue I have with it is that, due to the nature of the game, you're going to see the same text-adventure inserts and lore pieces again and again.With all its quirks and unfinished or unpolished mechanics - combat is especially dull and clunky at the moment - it's shaping to be an interesting and unique game."
,Recommended,248860,13407536,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Kibo,This game is a masterpeice. Enough said.
,Recommended,248860,12599903,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,The Swizzler,"starving to death and nearly freezing, stabbed a guy to death with a broken glass shiv, stole his coat and ate him 11/10"
,Recommended,248860,21682547,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Simon_The_Space_Miner,"This game is one that won't leave you unsatisfied as it is brutally hard, and when you die you rarely get upset and think; ""I could have done that instead"" or ""maybe that wasn't a good idea, I should avoid doing it again"" (only time I've gotten upset is when I die fighting a bad medusa gang member, almost dieing, then getting killed by a stray dog)1. The game is terrible when it comes to forgiving mistakes, which makes it brutally fun as you either get punished or punish others for making a bad move like attacking you without weapons while you have a large knife and the strong skill. It can also destroy you if you make a bad move and give you no chance to save yourself2. The npcs seem player like, some either hunting you down and causing trouble just because they can, others thanking you for not trying to stab them while on their way to go do something. Some ignore you too. Great realism to how some people see, like they would act in an event like this3. It's a hard game, both to learn and play when you at least think you have the ropes down, a pocketknife, and a yellow canary lighter in your jean pockets since your grocery bag is full of more grocery bags and food. And don't think ""oh it must be the bad kind of hard because you need to learn stuff yourself and everything is brutal"" since it's a fun game and the only time the game isn't hard is maybe the first few moves when absolutely nothing can move yet and get you. It's a good kind of hard that makes you feel warm with the feels for your characters health and well being as he try's to figure out what the ♥♥♥♥ happened and why he can't remember♥♥♥♥♥♥4. Even when you think you got things going well it can still go bad. The run I was the most equipped on was ended by a dogman who was hungry for human flesh, mine to be specific after he killed an npc and ditched the body. This keeps you on your toes as you sneak from building to building hopping to find a crowbar or bow or at least a lighter while the building doesn't give away under your feet and you fall to your doom or fall down some stairs and hit your head, breaking your neck and dieing right away.I live the game, also a great tip is don't take your necklace off, no gear, no matter how strong, is worth taking it off. If you need it that badly then make room for it.Keep your yellow canary lighter close by and what ever odd tool turned melee weapon and named ""mr head basher"" or ""stabby stabby craby"" or ""I dunno what the hell to name this"" ready to bash/Stab what ever wanders close enough at night, even a deer or bunny"
,Recommended,248860,7980769,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,!just_Grynn,"This game, although early access, is very unique and brilliant. The game so far has a near-perfect balance of turn based strategy, luck, and exploration to fill all the great parts of a roguelike, while maintaining an atmosphere of tense nervousness, or relief after finding what you need to be immersive. I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys roguelike games and exploration."
76561197977314644,Recommended,248860,10106153,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Puppet #7,"Demos sell games- I picked up the demo during a random ""Im bored, whats this moment"" and guess what, Three hours later when I finally died in that first run- I went straight back to the store page and bought it wanting to see what more it has to offer....now back to finding food..."
,Recommended,248860,16235783,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,ExpressingHate,Great 9/11
76561198061003346,Recommended,248860,16359371,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,[=AWOL=] Erik,"Got all the eye upgrades, all the DMC guard equipment, went to Seven Gables Road without dying, survived the Trial of Light, Survived the Melonhead swarm at Aleggan Fairgrounds, killed the Merga Wraith and the Robot and Zom Zom's as well as kicking a Dogmans♥♥♥♥♥with my bare hands at the beginning of the run. Tripped on a rock and died from a severe traumatic brain injury. Best game ever!"
,Not Recommended,248860,17702630,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,oculus_dev,"Great potential, but some horrible game design choices involving storyline and dialog events. Overall, pretty frustrating to play even compared to most roguelikes because of that."
,Not Recommended,248860,13879940,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,ZauberWeiner,"Crafting System is obtuse and difficult. While I apreciate the attempt to create an experence where you learn as you play this game could be more forthcoming with information. Also get used to cliking ""comfirm"" over and over again. Very poor optimization of menu systems.It gets old fast, not worth the price."
,Recommended,248860,16714370,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Varitas,Exceptional Post-apocalyptic survival game that alow players to create their own stories as they adventure.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xVR1gVJdrLY
76561198076551327,Recommended,248860,12690186,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Aliaz,i love this game its really fun and enjoyable
,Recommended,248860,32906776,Posted: 27 June,all,Pyro__,"Bought this on the Steam Sale...would have easily paid its full price. What a steal! Replay value on this is insane, if you can get past dying so much. After a few runs I got the hang of it but have yet to beat the game. Looking forward to that day."
,Recommended,248860,33066228,Posted: 30 June,all,ghost anime tiddies,"One of my favorite games of all time. It's a ton of fun, the story is very in depth, each turn will give you anxiety to see what horrors can randomly pop up, and each item you'll find will give you a sense of accomplishment. On a sale, it's a must have.Also ♥♥♥♥ BLUE FROGS."
76561198152777588,Recommended,248860,32971549,Posted: 28 June,all,derpityderp,"Great game but flawed, very flawedI like the concept and the atmosphere but I hate how the game is luck base instead of skill basedfor example: hypothermia is the first thing you need to worry about and you need to find some clothes and pants to deal with it however the chance to find anything let alone clothes is so low with out the right starting perk, Strong.After you find enough clothes to keep your self warm you need to find yourself somthing to carry all the clean clothes, food, water, medician, and other trikets you need to survive. the easiest thing to carry your crap in are plastic shopping bags.  eventhough they break in like a few hours if your not carful they'll last long enough for you to find some else to hold you carp like a backpack or a box.During this search you need to find a weapon to defend yourself against wolves, wolfmen, normal men, cannabel men, and cultest.  your first weapon you can get is a pocket knife if you started with the eagle eye perk however it's not that good but anything is better that your fist which is as effective at hurting things as your fist againt a tank in reallife.  There are three types of weapons in this game: melee, bows, and guns. melee is the most common and reliable weapon in this game since they're common and don't need ammo.  Bows are rare and arrows even more since you find most of your items and not craft them since your either don't have the right items or skill to craft or you don't know how to make it since crafting isn't that simple since you need the right tool skill and matrial to make anything and all the good stuff you want to make require skills you either don't have or items that are extremly rare. ok back to weapons guns, you are never gonna use a gun in this game since your are either gonna find ammo, if you're lucky, but no gun for it or if your even luckyer and find a gun but no ammo for it.during your searching for items to keep you alive you gonna get hungry and thirsty so you better get some food or water.so you find some water in your scavenging and you're pretty thirsty so you decide to drink it and you get sick and dye of chorlo a few hours later since 99% of all water you find that's not in a bottle are infected and also never eat the berries since you have 50-50 chance of them not posioning you and killing you because if you get sick you can't do anything to cure your self since you either don't have the medician to cure yourself or you don't know how to cure your self. the best chance you have at not dying of thrist is get a can or pot and a lighter, which is the best item in the game since it allows you to make fire to cook and steralize foor and water.while you explore you are bound to find somthing that wants you dead and you're forced into combat which can be summorized as this: no melee=dead, knocked to the floor=dead, wolfman=80-20 chance you maybe alive at the end.you think with a game where text is your main mode of telling you if you are sick or dead in a few seconds but in combat the game only tells you if you hit or get hit not and you debuffs. it doesn't tell you if you get stun or if the bad guy gets stuned, which is all up to luck if you get stunned and die or if bad guy is stunned and you bash there head in and they don't move anymore.My biggest problem with this game is how there little room to exprament with since you find out of the like 15 starting perks to choose from only 5 are viable and the flaws are too harmful to justify the little amount of point they give you.for example strong is good because it gives you abonus to scavenging, medic is great since it tells you how much ""health"" you have, trapping for crafting anything with animals or mechanic for technology and late game stuff, and there is your average start since you all the other perks are worthless in comparison and those three take up like 12 or 13 out of the starter 15 points which leaves you room for like maybe 1 or 2 more perks which are pointless.ok so if all this is very annoying and bad then why are you recommending this game?because it's fun when lady luck is on your side and you get the melee weapon and you bash a guys head in with it and eat him to state your food and water problem. it's fun when things go your way and stay that way until a wolf man comes in your sleep and kills you. it's fun not dying for more than two days."
,Recommended,248860,9172456,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Timmy?,"Amazing game, the most important thing to do in this game is to find ketchup packets and live off them."
76561198020184558,Recommended,248860,11092562,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Da OnnO,"Horrible game, I showed it to my wife, she played once and now I can't get back on the computer....Addictie gameplay, extremely frustrating, ad so, so, so very good.Download the demo, get hooked, buy the game."
76561198069810996,Recommended,248860,12438131,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,A Nameless Ghoul,This game is what you get when you combine deadly dieseases with fallout  and brutally written fighting text 11/10 GOTY
,Recommended,248860,24752754,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Blackhawk,Extremely fun and challenging. Would Recommend.
,Recommended,248860,15750790,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Josh,A epically brutal and realistic survival game similar to the fallout series. Highly recommend for someone looking for a fallout 1-2 like experience with modern UI.
,Recommended,248860,10993161,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,A Freaking_Box?,"very good game, and keeps getting better slowly."
,Recommended,248860,32908194,Posted: 27 June,all,TheyTarget,Suprisingly addictive and fun roguelike with an interesting world to explore.
76561197960863289,Recommended,248860,14187352,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Elegit,"Great game, surprising amount of depth. Don't let the simple and clunky UI scare you away, this game is definitely worth it."
,Recommended,248860,25356614,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,LovablePWNER,Man I wanted to write a big paragraph as to why this game is so dang good but I feel many of the other reviewers on here have done a pretty bang up job so I'll just sya this.You like games with minimul graphics where you have to use your imagination to fill in the blanks? Do you like Post-Apocolyptic Survival games? Do you like Michigan?Well you'll get all of those things and more in this awesome game made basically by one guy!
,Recommended,248860,27041012,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Psychobard,I wandered around the world like a hobo with a shopping cart and dozens of plastic bags until I eventually got murdered by some random abomination that punched me to death.11/10:  It's alright.
,Recommended,248860,28911527,Posted: 1 January,all,The Shadow Rose,Bought Game.Launched Game.Clicked Botony Cause I Liked Plants And The Started Game.Stomped On A Plant And Waved My Hands Around To Ward Off Ravenous Dog.Stepped Out Of Facility Ready To Explore This Brave New World And All Its Plants.Died From Cold Because Im In A Gown.10/10
76561197992879906,Recommended,248860,24074334,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Cannonfood,Killed a man using a cleaver and ate him out of desperation.10/10 Highly recomended!
76561197969097267,Recommended,248860,14599292,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Zero K,"One of the mistakes people make when first playing this game is assuming it is unrelentingly hard just because you die a lot; it isn't. It just doesn't have a tutorial, and is very strict. You'll die, but those deaths are not random; they are because of some mistake you made. Learn from it. Don't die that way next time. And don't forget your skills; if you die of poisoning try to figure out why and not do it again. Maybe it had something to do with those mushrooms you ate? or that rancid swamp water you drank? Did you die of Sepsis? Then maybe try keeping your wounds clean instead of rubbing dirt in them.Once you get into the swing of things, it isn't hard to survive, and luck starts to be a fairly minor factor. This can take a bit of learning; even poring over the wiki isn't going to totally familiarize yourself with the mechanics, but it is a good idea to use the wiki for craftables. Not necessary, but helpful.One last bit of advice: there's no 100% completion for this game, so keep in mind you do not have to complete every challenge you come across. In fact, you shouldn't try; no character can handle all challenges. Pick your battles, and don't be afraid to run away, even if you are a full combat character.Most of all, the game is turn based. Take your time, think things through, and use your skills."
,Recommended,248860,33597885,Posted: 16 July,all,OldHenry,wish we can have a mobile version to play with our phones:D
76561198012237479,Recommended,248860,26609003,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Make America G.O.A.T. Again,"The game is flash-tier but still pretty good. It's innawoods simulator, minus the slavshit.Brutal survivalism and inventory management - I like how it takes cold, sleep, pain, and disease in ways that most so-called survival games overlook. This makes for a realistic and engaging but utterly merciless game. There is no save scumming in this game. Ironmode only. Too hard? Just give up, casual, and go back to Minecraft.If you want to play it on easy mode, get Strong, Melee, Botany, and Trapper. Get Myopia and Fast Metabolism as negative traits. Make a cloak out of the Dogman and get to Detroit, then make tannin tea from the forests near the sprawl and sell it until you can get into DMC, get eye implants, then as much equipment as you think you need to get going; this will compensate for your disadvantages. Still, never get cocky - one false step and it's over; I've died multiple times from being careless even when I had a full set of nanomachine healing thingies and plentiful supplies."
76561198072091523,Recommended,248860,26724087,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Deetchroit,>load game>pick traits that look relevant>start out>oh man i can feel the death>scavenge something>don't realize i can hole up in the cryo facility>go nomadic>die of hypothermia like 7 times before i realize i can do stuff with the cryo facility>die less often of hypothermia>die to random dog>ragequitsolid 7/10
,Recommended,248860,13512612,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,zsewq55912,Just buy this game if you want hrs of gameplay that is all
,Recommended,248860,13549495,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,turdshine,I die a lot. I suck at games like this but this is really addicting! I love it!
,Recommended,248860,13325754,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,ALL WHEEL DOG,I leik
,Recommended,248860,13510937,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Zzyzx,Amazing game. So much fun and replay value. Worth every $.
76561198047737557,Recommended,248860,13513103,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Jackorig,I've had it for 2 days and I've logged 26 hours.  This game is ruining my life.11/10
,Recommended,248860,13049892,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,A131313,This game is amazing and funny 10/10
76561197989260817,Recommended,248860,13658698,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Hannibal Lamb,A great hex based game that reminds me of the old text based adventures i used to play.
,Recommended,248860,12840532,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,the_magi,This game makes me so mad!
76561198083696283,Recommended,248860,13082372,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,alterbeast21,bruh
,Recommended,248860,21600330,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,WasabiPunjabi,very fun for the whole family!! unique and nostalgic!!
76561198008582160,Recommended,248860,13436000,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,TheMetalfreak360,"Was served as dinner for cannibals at McKid, 10/10 would die again."
,Recommended,248860,15099750,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Spookyiakea,- Finished Exploring a city.- Stranger walks up to me- Guy is called Bad Mutha- 24 Tiles away- Charges all the way to one tile away- Flees all the way back- Charge at man- He escapes- Continue to explore- Find him again after a day- Beat him down a few times with a crowbar- Kill him- Cut him up and eat himrip Bad Mutha.10/10 game for real this is Hobo Simulator
76561198129885062,Recommended,248860,17925617,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,bjorn_whiteclaw,amazingly addictive.
,Recommended,248860,22956204,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Lamp Snail,"Great game, very difficult, lasted 2 weeks at longest point"
76561197973373512,Recommended,248860,25419075,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,VicNuggets,"I survied cannabals, sometimes 3 at a time, dogmen, packs of feral dogs, gangs, mold, eating random pills, buildings falling on me, starvation, and everything else Detroit could throw at me! But it was a handful of BERRIES that killed me! BERRIES! I was so geared and unstoppable... respect the berries.10/10 and no I wouldn't eat the damn berries again."
,Recommended,248860,14980107,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Jexter,"Quite interesting and original, but very very hard to play. A very slow learning curve indeed. You will die constantly until get the basics and even then you will die as much often :|"
,Not Recommended,248860,32747315,Posted: 24 June,all,RJBS,"I didn't like it.  The interface was really convoluted, and it was never clear what to do to make the right thing happen.  For example, to enter a building, you'd look in your inventory while near it, and then ""use"" the building entrance.  What?The game might have great economics or a good story, if you work through the interface, but I decided life was too short."
,Recommended,248860,10193523,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,amadeo bordiga,"This game has great potential as many have said, a great difficult surviaval game.8/10 - Beat a bandit to death."
,Recommended,248860,32649410,Posted: 22 June,all,SheiFoxy,The single most fun inventory-management simulator I've ever played.10/10 would shuffle my inventory around to carry that extra water bottle again.
76561197967581595,Recommended,248860,28929538,Posted: 1 January,all,ubiquityxx,"Seriously, I keep coming back to this game. It is steeped in atmosphere. It feels complex (it is). I've played a handful of sessions and I have an awesome time every new character role. It's easy to dive into.Great fun - and quite the steal when on sale :)"
76561197993212045,Not Recommended,248860,23847417,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Bowmark,Just cannot recommend this game.  REALLY wanted to like it but it is WAY too random.  You get diseases just from walking around and if you dont find a weapon or a backpack early on you might as well just start over.  And dont get me started about the ridiculous flash saves.  Really Dev..in 2016?  Flash saves?  Worth the 4 bucks or so i paid for it but no future for this game so on to something else.
76561198004524558,Not Recommended,248860,35082570,Posted: 20 September,all,awrynight,"I love random simulation apocalypse games and was excited to try this one, but after three days of clicking I can't take it anymore. I feel like I wasted money because as it is, this game is unplayable for me. It's much too hardcore. I have yet to experience much of the story because of the constant random death. It's a learn as you go sort of thing, but if they implemented mods or differrent difficulty settings, it would make it a lot more fun for beginners to learn. There's nothing quite as frustrating in a game to waste time gathering supplies just to be jumped from behind and killed, especially after having to click fifty times just in the battle. *sigh* I'm just not a fan. I suppose those who enjoy a real challenge and not progressing could enjoy wasting time on this. I wish I could get a refund."
76561197970649200,Not Recommended,248860,14511509,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,danpaladin,"While I really like the concept and everything:1) The menus are clunky.  This whole game revolves around those menus, so the game is clunky.2) Of the 10 tries or so, my character continually froze to death even if I had layered a shirt over a hoodie with pants and boots and slept in sheltered areas.3) The combat is awkward and does not feel engaging.4) Finding something to store my items was extremely difficult, so normally I'd only have a shiv or something.5) Crafting is strange and it's not clear what you can/should build.  You learn more about what you can make the more you play, and sometimes you even find recipes, but finding those items again by the time you need them seems somewhat unlikely.I feel like this could be spruced up and be far more exciting, but as it currently stands I cannot recommend it."
76561198048385355,Recommended,248860,32022497,Posted: 28 May,all,TerezarOmega,"Unforgiving, bleak, and gripping"
76561198128646829,Recommended,248860,14828629,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Kallint,"All I can say is: Prepare to die. A lot. This game is fun to play, and remniscient of older games. However it can get quite repetitive, and is very unforgiving."
76561197995171991,Not Recommended,248860,14751857,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Minus,"It looks so good! It sounded like the survival game I'd been wanting for YEARS! But after scavenging only 2 abandoned towns I was shot at and constantly stunned until I died. I was Tough and had clothes on, not sure if that improves my defense or not, and I was behind cover. Infact getting behind cover was the one single action I was able to pull off.In my many playthroughs since I have never been able to find another frying pan or torch, and things were even harder. Finding a lighter is so damn hard that I usually starve to death. Or if I just try waiting it out and eating mushrooms in forests, I end up dying of sickness. This isn't a game about surviving, it's a game about taking a while to die. 2 days is my usual record.This game relies so incredibly heavily on luck that it just isn't fun. But survival is all about strategy, so this works out horribly. I've tried building a great shelter, but died of sickness. Tried never staying in one spot, but got mauled. There are only ways to lose and no ways to win. Also with the very small amount of recipes available, you'd think the game would give you hints on when you need just 1 more item to make something. Dragging the skills into the crafting table is just really monotonous. It should be doing this itself! It's the Minecraft crafting table all over again, with no user-friendliness.And the skills, they were a selling point for me, but now that I've gotten to play it I only pick the same skills each time. They are just not at all balanced. This is what I'd expect from a game still in beta. I thought I'd be avoiding these huge flaws in a finished game. Incredibly dissapointing. I've tried other survival roguelikes and they were pretty bad too in there own ways.Starting to wonder if this genre combo simply can never work.UPDATE: Same day I post this, a wonderful person tells me about a free game in beta called Cataclysm: Dark Days Ahead. It's got more content than I can handle! And despite it's wonky controls, it has a very clear crafting system, and loads of methods for getting materials. It's also far more immersive with you actually exploring the areas yourself. Just hope you don't need graphics, because that's the game's only flaw. To play it like Neo Scavenger, just turn zombies off and NPCs on. And finally, when you die in it, you learn from it. You play better next time. Something I sadly can't say about Neo Scavenger, where it's difficulty is based on a dice roll."
76561197973546137,Recommended,248860,15552561,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Telcontar,"Much truer to the roguelike spirit than most games who label themselves as such these days. Options abound, you'll die over and over and over again just when you think you're picking up momentum, game experiences diverge wildly depending on the loot you come across and the choices you make - and of course, a randomized map."
76561198062448043,Recommended,248860,15063606,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Wereworm,"One day a man named Greg woke up in a testing chamber, Greg saw a dog-man hybrid coming at him so he dove though a window to escape the fearsome creature. Afther that, Greg went up from the chambers to a place called Zom Zom's and saw some people. Greg, Not being a good person, first thought of how he could kill them with nothing but his fists. Greg grabbed a large branch and waited for one to come to him. A man with a revolver came at Greg and was telling him to drop his medical garb and his branch.Greg, who got atttached to his garb, ran right at the man and beat him till he was on the floor unconsious. Greg grabbed the man's shoes and revolver and 2 bullets and ran to the right of Zom. Greg found a strangely dressed man in black armor and a shotgun. Greg wanted that shotgun, but knew he had to get closer and make sure his bullet counted. The man offered to talk to Greg, but Greg just walked casually twards him. The man, thinking he just wanted to be closer when they talked, started to move closer also. Greg walked right into the man, lifted the gun, and shot him. Greg was astonished when the bullet totally missed the man. Greg stood there in shocked silence while the man lifted his shotgun and blasted Greg in the chest point blank."
76561197966986156,Not Recommended,248860,15665089,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,AH64_Jimbo,"A devloper once told me, ""UI (User Interface) is like a joke; If you have to explain it, then it isn't that good.""This game fits into that category with poor UI as only one of many design flaws. Don't waste your time and money.* Unweildy Menu NavigationThe game plays in a window by default, which in and of itself isn't a bad thing. The problem comes when trying to back out of a menu just to end up closing the entire game instead (and losing any progress in the process). The menus themselves, such as inventory, crafting and the map are not very intuitve and require a lot of trial-and-error to figure them out. Saving a game is unweildy, too, because there is only one option; ""Save & Quit"" from the main menu.* Lack of Information and DirectionVery little information is given for each item beyond ""condition"" which is how well in a state of repair an item is. For example, when tying to compare weapons, stats such as range and damage are inaccesable to the player; You have to guess which weapons may or may not be better! Same goes for clothing; There are no stats beyond condtion that tell a player how well protected they are. Lack of stats and lack of other useful information leaves the player in the dark. Trial and error helps, but the game is so inconsitant that trial and error will only get you so far.* Nearly Impossible Early GameI like a challange, but this game has too many variables. The map, encounters and looting are all random, which could be a good thing. However, the game starts you out with next to nothing and already suffering from exposure to cold weather. When you need some basic supplies just to survive, and the only way to get those supplies is by a series of lucky random events, then the game becomes more about luck-of-the-draw and less about any real strategy.* Bad Combat EncountersOn top of just trying to survive the elements, there are things out there that want to kill you, and you have next to nothing to fight back with! Your choices are fight with a poorly-designed combat mechanism or try to run and ineveitably get overrun anyway. Even if you win the fight, it's likely you will succumb to the injuries sustained in combat, because you don't have the supplies you need to properly treat yourself.So on top on the bad, unhelpful UI design are a series of random events that will kill you rather quickly, because you never get a chance to get what you need to survive. This game is NOT fun, but rather frustrating, to have to start over and over again and get nowhere in the process. Don't waste your time - Go find a better game."
76561198132615580,Recommended,248860,15368281,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Deathmark323,"In order to play this game, patience is required. Additionally, if you don't mind dying a million times of dysentary, then this game will suit you just fine.Just kidding. In all seriousness though, this game is incredible."
,Recommended,248860,9029853,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Ninĵα₪Styℓℓe³,You can skin a human +1
,Recommended,248860,13383197,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Pixelboyable,"If you like turnbased strategy games, don't hesistate to pick this up."
76561198044408285,Recommended,248860,15091581,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Totally Rad,"This one time i had an arrow as my only method of defense and this dude comes up and he's all like ""ima beet you up"" so i stabbed the arrow into his chest. He later took the arrow out of his chest and killed me with it.10/10 arrow is best wep"
,Recommended,248860,18503959,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Dr. Wraith,He just wanted to talk. I just wanted his crocs.
76561198030941817,Not Recommended,248860,34421809,Posted: 22 August,all,briantimemight8,"Combat makes this game unfair. These were my advanced characters final moments. Resting in a building that provided cover with a noise trap set up along with picking the skills Eagle eye & HidingFinal Moments:Resting...Player searches for unkown target**End turn**Resting...Player searches for unknown targetUnknown Assailant attacks player...and hits!Stranger Shreddered players upper chest with a 12-gauge 00 buckshotPlayer has a fracted ribPlayer is coughing up bloodPlayer is bleeding internallyPlayer is unconciousI literally did every thing I could to prevent this. I properly planned a sleeping area with high coverage, using noise traps, hiding and picking stats that should help with being ambushed and I still died from random bullcrap.This is very VERY common and after you figure out how to play this game these will be the Majority of your deathes.Can't reccommend a game that even when you plan for it, 90% of your deaths are from unpreventable random bullcrap."
76561198023636562,Not Recommended,248860,23962399,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Jman,"I want to like this game.  It is unique but so unplayable.  I have both the Melee and Strong perks which should make the character adept at melee combat.  Basically everything you encounter one shots you.  Even with perks you still miss all the time.  Somehow every other human npc combatant can actually land their attacks but you always miss.  Badmutha charges and falls down in front of you.  Miss, miss, badmutha stands up, miss, badmutha one shots you.  Not fun.  Not reasonable.  Completely broken."
,Recommended,248860,12545168,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Tyto Alba,Spied on forest11/10
,Recommended,248860,13383643,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Your ExGirlfriend,"If you are looking for an open world survival rpg this is the one for you. There's an extensive amount of content to keep you occupied for hours. Combined that along with a well made, strategic combat system and you got yourself a winner. OLD SCHOOL FALLOUT LOVERS REJOICE!!10/10 Would scavenge again."
76561198050974897,Recommended,248860,13379744,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,digital.forte,I was skeptical at first.  I died several times very quicklly as I figured out how to play. Then before I know it I had played this game for 6 hours straight!Highlly recomended!
,Recommended,248860,24282446,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Gazzy,Found a gunLived through 40+ daysNever found 1 bullet...12/4.5 would♥♥♥♥♥♥in woods again
76561198010227442,Recommended,248860,23173664,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Jonny Naught,It's like a missing section to Fallout 2.
76561198016878054,Recommended,248860,32259426,Posted: 7 June,all,Thius,Hobo simulator
,Recommended,248860,9594520,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Kantalope,very fun could play for hours!
,Recommended,248860,24109495,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Napoleon1337,♥♥♥♥ing dogmans 2/10
,Recommended,248860,13704470,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,TaNZhar,"I was on my fifth day. Full inventory and full health going to DMC to sell.I was walking when a Dogman came into my hex. He was 11 spaces away.I shot him 4 times with my bow, and saw he was unconscious then moved in with my meat cleaver out.I hit him twice with it, and he attacked me once. I became unconscious and died with one more hit.10/10 better hit detection than CS:GOEDIT:But in all seriousness I give it a 9/10"
,Recommended,248860,26086307,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Shinigami,scavenged for 3 days killing anything in my way killed 4 guards and took all their♥♥♥♥♥♥died from Blue Rot10/10 would play again
76561198036606883,Recommended,248860,25194671,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Znex,9/10
,Recommended,248860,26504423,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Ottomic,"NEO scavenger is a tough as nails survival game that will make you hate it so much you'll either kick it off a window or end up loving it.It's a turn based tabletop-RPG-of-sorts that starts you waking up in a cryo facility in the middle of the post apocalyptic ruins of Detroit. It is sorta RPG because despite having almost no character progression to it you'll pick up a bunch of traits at the start and both skill checks and inventory management will be paramount to your survival, and sorta tabletop because you'll move across hexes using said abilities and items to gather, fight and resolve the situations you'll find yourself in.The graphics are reminiscent of the DOS games of the early 90s and the sound design is minimalistic but effective.The player model will reflect equipment changes and every item has it's own art, and hexes have varied art that will let you know what to expect from each. Everything is functional, but the real star of NEO scavenger is it's gameplay and game design, and its biggest make or break factor.The most important part of the game is undoubtedly the RNG, since it dictates how successful you'll be when scavenging, what you'll get, how combat will go, or whether you'll catch one of the many incredibly deadly diseases that plague the wasteland. There are some things that the player can do to nudge said rng one side or the other trough their abilities and gear, but make no mistake: take a whiff of blue rot or drink from the wrong water and you're pretty much done for, without being able to do much else about it.The beginning of the game is the toughest and most frustrating part of it, because you'll start out virtually naked and extremely vulnerable, to the point that an idiot with a frying pan will be able to do you in. Avoiding confrontation is without a doubt the most effective way to play the game, but the implacable entropy will eventually force you into taking risks be it food or gear. Combat can be equally frustrating since being in the wrong place at the wrong time can earn you being 1 shotted by a hick with a rifle, although I gotta admit when that happens to you killing an enemy with just one bullet feels badass and satisfying as hell.When you finally reach Detroit Megacity things get substantially easier. You'll be able to scavenge the surrounding areas and sell the loot for money, and you'll basically be doing scavenging trips while way better equipped and with better fallbacks. You'll be given missions regularly that will take you to stupidly dangerous places so you'll have to still stay on your toes. But having access to DMC is a far cry from scuttling around in a hospital garb praying to make it without ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ yourself to death due to cholera or freezing to death inside an abandoned building. You'll likely have to retry the first weeks over and over again, but once you manage to get a character rolling it gives you a great sense of accomplishment. Of course the game includes a full compliment of biological needs to take care of, but ironically those are one of the easiest parts of the game with the right perk or once you get some of the very early gear.In closing NEO scavenger is a very long, hard and replayable game that you'll either hate until you love it or just plain hate it. Regardless, it's cheap and if you like survival and a challenge you shouldn't be afraid to pick it up. 7/10."
,Recommended,248860,13589612,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Zexyyl,THIS GAME IS AWESOME
76561198045823209,Recommended,248860,13563418,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,^w^c5 Pooboo,i can't stop playing it!
,Recommended,248860,25524765,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,sosoFortress,NEO Scavenger is a rogue-like gem for gamers who like survival RPGs with lots of hoarding and crafting of items.Can be quite difficult. Don't let its simplistic look put you off - there is plenty of strategy and depth. Be prepaired to die many times.
,Recommended,248860,22463261,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Pakistani Warlord,You can wear your right shoe on your left foot. 10/10 IGN
,Recommended,248860,18890013,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,yung spice,Can run around with a clown mask on and kill frog people 10/10
,Recommended,248860,34977855,Posted: 15 September,all,Agens,"I love dog attack simulator, it's grown to be one of my favourite games. It's one of the few games I can really just sit and play for hours and not realize it. It's a little frustrating at first, but experimenting with it is a lot of fun. It grows on you fast."
76561198044006471,Recommended,248860,21395547,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,HateSoldier,.
,Recommended,248860,11542877,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Chicago Ted,"Well, right now this game is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. It's got death, bottles, death. guns, death, improvised weapons, improvised death, diseases, death, shopping carts, death, mods, death, story, death, detroit, death in detroit, cops on hoverbikes, death on hoverbikes, looters, death, bad muthas, death, and of course: wheredude pelts. Pretty awesome game. Although, I seem to die alot, not sure if I mentioned that yet.10/10 Would die again."
,Recommended,248860,22824433,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,ArrJayBee,"If you wanna be killed by BadMutha over and over again, then this is the game for you!In all seriousness this is a pretty fun but challenging game and if you manage to survive past 3 days I congratulate you!"
,Recommended,248860,8895713,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Jaxx_On,"This is a great game, which is really fun and I reccomend it to rpg fans and people who like text based games."
,Recommended,248860,25264449,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Philip Kindred,"Neo Scavenger, like cocaine but more damaging to your overall health.But seriously, this game is so good it makes me sad when i die, excited to fight a hard enemy, scared when i get ♥♥♥♥ed. Happy when i find good loot e.t.cAlso this game is just straight up awesome.Deep story, Deep ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ apparently because i get ♥♥♥♥ed by melonheads so much.This game is basically an abusive wife.But I still love her."
76561198084371285,Recommended,248860,11016455,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Slumps Of War,You can chop up dead people and eat them11/10 would cannabalize again
76561198063582799,Recommended,248860,8127252,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Sauron,Fun!
76561198313129562,Recommended,248860,33119480,Posted: 2 July,all,kantaphon.bha,Shopping cart is GOD!!
,Recommended,248860,20817043,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Yanni,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pieDirections:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing.Basically, this is the kind of difficulty and immersiveness you will find in this game."
,Recommended,248860,30159096,Posted: 24 February,all,[Surta] Andre Money,Be meStarts up gameChooses perksEscapes dogmanHeads to first townGets♥♥♥♥♥♥allDogman comes backKills meVery good game once you get into the swing of it. Very hard to survive past 10 days but if your like meyoull keep trying to survive for as long as possible. One of the only really challenging survival games. I'd love to see them remake this game or even make a Neo Scavenger 2
76561197999406731,Recommended,248860,10590889,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Codfish,Didn't give a tip and got ran over by a truck11/10
,Recommended,248860,8913156,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Thompson,"Thompson got lost, beat up, hunted and otherwise left for dead in Blue Bottle Games' NEO Scavenger. Here's what he had to say about it.NEO Scavenger: First Impressionshttp://www.80pgaming.com/content/2014/1/29/neo-scavenger-first-impressions"
,Recommended,248860,32909394,Posted: 27 June,all,Renegade,A grossly underappreciated survival classic.
,Recommended,248860,17297195,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,⚡⚡ cfitz001 ⚡⚡,Got pneumonia from an old man and died.
,Recommended,248860,18575956,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,I Watch Hentai,I keep getting diarrhea in the middle of a fight.  10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥myself to death again.
76561198048619953,Recommended,248860,20388969,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Demonic_imp,"Very fun game, Well put together.The fighting is terribly unbalanced, If you get into a fight you cant run from, expect to die.The game is a lot of fun, however you will get frustrated at spending a few hours building up your character and collecting items and then one enemy will kill you in 2-3 attacks.I reccomend it, however i absolutly hate the fighting."
76561198100935694,Recommended,248860,33552546,Posted: 14 July,all,Spamula,"Overall, this game is just your average turn-based zombie survival game. It isn't very intuitive and it doesn't come with a tutorial. Unless you want to sit and watch YouTube tutorials and play the game nonstop for almost a month, there's no way you're gonna understand how this game works. This roguelike game is bug free and it has almost no mechanical problems that I was able to see, so there's that. The only reason that I'm giving this a thumbs up for is the fact that it has the potential to be enjoyed deeply by any tryhard who wants a really deep game. However, for me, I don't like this game at all because of the great depth being choked by the great confusion that stayed around until my fifteenth game. This game isn't my type of game, but it might be yours, person who is wondering if they should buy this game. The developer(s) did a fantastic job making a solid game.P.S. If you like this game, also try Project Zomboid (I didn't like that one either)"
76561197968380715,Recommended,248860,23973569,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Beneath The Wreckage,"Tons of Depth.Don't let the grid sway you.One of the best survival games to date.Think of it as a singleplayer survival board game.Just get off the graphics and stop being a pixel Nazi.First playthough I got eaten by a bunch of canabals who ran a bar.Second playthough I ran around naked until I froze to death.third... yeah.. its embarrasing.Fifteenth playthrough I actually survived long enough to get int othe meat of story which is actually pretty interesting.Recommended for anyone who wants a casual survival game. Interesting crafting, entertaining combat text. Add a decent story and you have great little title.My only complaint is the UI could be a little more intuitive. Somethings are a bit confusing. Watch a youtube video or two and you will be good to go.9 shopping carts out of 10"
,Recommended,248860,22093312,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen,"I killed the dogman, wore his fur and cured his meat.Gathered clothes, had matching shoes, and started a camp in the Cryo Facility. I was on my way to fixing the heat and electrical systems.And then I showed mercy to two feral dogs outside of my camp. I let them whimper away bleeding from their wounds.They came back with more dogs.I should have never stockpiled so many cured meats.10/10 would fight dogman again.11/10 would build Strong + Melee again to get tape of me kicking dogmans♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,248860,13474980,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,HawkEy3,"Tried vanilla, died.Tried cheating, died.Tried modding, died.Modded, cheated and broke the game still died.10/10 Would recommend dying to this game."
76561197968394202,Recommended,248860,13582868,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,jukeboxsidekick,This game is cool.Would recommend to kids and the elderly.
76561198066212740,Recommended,248860,8012466,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,fnln,Awesome
,Recommended,248860,21114051,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,BrotherLewis,5/5Fully potato compatibleWorks under Trisquel GNU/Linuxwww.trisquel.info
,Recommended,248860,29509632,Posted: 26 January,all,Mustard_Struggle,The best scavenging of All Time
76561198086890300,Recommended,248860,15444615,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Axelord1942,"If you ever wanted to play a hobo simulator, this is it.  If you manage not to get RNG'd into the dirt some compelling storytelling awaits you, although you could always avoid it and just try to survive as long as possible.PROS:- Excellent atmosphere.- Smart writing.  It's both verbose and short when it needs to be.- Mod-friendly.- Great for both short and long gameplay sessions.- Visceral combat.  Ripping an arrow out of your arm ans stabbin a man to death with it has a certain appeal.- Sensible crafting system and multiple skill combinations encourage different playstyles.CONS:- It's not winning any graphics awards.  Fortunately this doesn't draw away from the strength of the gameplay, but still...I could see someone not digging the look.- The RNG God really holds power over this game.  It's hard not to feel like the whole world is against you when you can't find a pair of shoes and your shopping bag full of whiskey and twinkies rips open.  Which leads to my next point.- The whole world is pretty much out to get you.  There are a couple of somehwat less hostile areas but for the most part everything in this game wants to kill you.  It's like Australia, except Michigan.- Visceral combat.  It's pretty soul-crushing to finally find a backpack and a decent pair of shoes only to later discover that someone has beat your head in with a sauce pan while you were asleep."
76561198007215017,Recommended,248860,9016832,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,telamiina,"HARD CORE survival... Well, dying mostly.Good game but not for everyone.Uses Flash so save files need some tweaking to work to get them work."
,Recommended,248860,15183626,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Royal_Tenenbaum,Temp Review: A great turn based survival looting game. Very fun so far. (DayZ w/o zombies. Just the evil enemy players and mutants)
,Recommended,248860,9270839,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,ToadStoned,"Actually a fun game, although not worth the $10 in its current state. Its rather in-depth but limited at the same time. The game needs loads more content and has the potential to be an even better game than it currently is."
,Recommended,248860,9312956,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,K-Buff,"Great game. I have to admit at the begining when i died every 15 hours was frustrating, then i began to look at those buttons on the screen and discovered crafting, now it is just pretty dang awesome. In fights it would be a little better if you had a better idea of what was happening, and it is really confusing at the begining, but it was very fun discovering things about the game. I do recomend if you buy this game mayber to look at a quick guide. not a full one as those ruin the fun but a small one to get you sorted with the crafting system and the  such. 9/10 i cant wait to see how it developes."
76561198003427455,Recommended,248860,8449429,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Green Bastard,awesome! highly addictive and endless replayability
76561197980107643,Recommended,248860,8907304,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Flailsnail,"NEO ScavengerNEO Scavenger is a game that wants you to die. Even more than that, it is a game that wants to kill you. Brutally and rapidly if possible, but slowly will work just as well. From hypothermia to bandit attacks to starving to death, it pulls no punches in the “you’re going to die” department. It is an unforgiving game and makes no apologies about it. Quite frankly, that’s one of the reasons it succeeds so well. Before you go running off without reading further, allow me a moment to elaborate. A single paragraph is all I’m asking.You see, NEO Scavenger also wants you to succeed. It does supply you with the tools and skills you need in order to survive. It simply doesn’t hold your hand or coddle you along the way. You begin simply enough. You start the game by picking your few basic skills and you wake up on the floor of a cryogenic freezing lab with something mean heading your way. Your journey has just begun in earnest. You may use your chosen skills to assist with the incoming creature, via feeding it another survivor or simply locking the door. The skills you have chosen to outfit yourself often change the game in this way, leading to all kinds of different outcomes to little problems like this. It’s undeniably gratifying to halt an enemy attack by using your hacking skill to drop a cryogenic tank and feeding the creature a reality television star. Let’s be honest; who hasn’t wanted to do that at one point or another?Are you still with me? I thought that might get your attention. The aim of the game is fairly simple; find out who you are and what happened to the world. Things take place in a post-apocalyptic environment, and you have no memory of any of it. It’s fairly standard, but it plays out relatively well nonetheless. Hints are revealed through old newspapers you find scattered about and obvious visual cues. Your hand is never held at any point, there is no tutorial, and there are no retries. When you die, it is game over and you start again from the beginning. NEO Scavenger is a harsh, unforgiving piece of work. But you also get a little better each time, get a little further, and learn a little more. It’s tough, often seems unfair, and is always exciting.Technically, it is a pretty solid game. It’s still in development, so it does have its share of bugs and incomplete features, but what is currently present does work well and you shouldn’t be deterred from giving it a shot if you find yourself at all interested. Over the course of the next few months it will be fleshed out and cleaned up, and it’s looking like it will become a great little game. I would recommend it easily enough, especially considering the $10 price tag attached to it. If you think you might be interested, and don’t mind a rough edge or two, give it a shot. If you think you can take the abuse, that is."
76561198082684415,Recommended,248860,8978042,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Mallrat,"This game is totally brutal! Surviving for even 2 days is extremely hard. Which is such a cool thing! Very realistic, deep and interesting. Two thumbs up!"
76561198007031805,Recommended,248860,8824629,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,MrThor,veeerrrryyyyy good but veeeerrrrryyyyyy hard :D
76561198068199764,Recommended,248860,10966514,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Teh Nizzim,"This game is brilliantly complex disguised as a simple turn based strategy game. The creator has done a wonderful job creating a sense of turmoil and survival in this ruined alternate world. Gameplay mechanics need a little work, and the learning curve is a bit blind but I have no doubt once its all sorted out, this game will be packed with mystery and intrigue even more than it is now. For an early access I gotta give this a 5/5"
,Recommended,248860,10983075,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,coolksn,really fun game play it I love the story and the great combat text
76561198082008444,Recommended,248860,10978768,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,GamerGuy4556,"This game is so fun. I think about playing it throughout the day. It took me a while to get a hang of the way the game works but when I did, I enjoyed it immensely. I think every person should at least play the demo because that's what I had before I decided to buy the game. There are pleanty of guides and a wiki to help people and everything. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,248860,11059423,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,abnerbgross,"Excellent sense of danger, and vivid storytelling. If you are not worried about the little things, they will kill you. Perma Death makes the small decisions, like, what berry to eat, very important and tense. Its great to see this take on the survival horror game type."
,Recommended,248860,19771430,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Ashenai,I didn't know I could have so much fun dying of cholera
,Recommended,248860,20961868,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,DezusChrist,A ++ # 1 pure awesomeness .........enought said....owned it     pow!!
76561198017119341,Recommended,248860,20971596,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Nylocke,Fun and never ending plus very hard Me likey.
,Recommended,248860,20898912,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Lemondude,fun game makes my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ clench
76561198023980992,Recommended,248860,12728210,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,AmoR,Please put a save button(or two mode ; one with saving )
76561197984325558,Recommended,248860,15574248,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Bearcat,"It's a great combination of strategy, problem solving, and action that's hard to stop playing.  Throw in a good dose of suspense and an occational moment of terror and you've got a really immersive game.  I'm just starting to get into the stories within the game, and they only add to the mystery.  Great job, guys!"
76561198158260129,Recommended,248860,26156288,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Abraham Lincoln,"Heres how 1 game of NEO scavenger went. Just one.1. Woke up in cryo sleep facility, oh♥♥♥♥♥♥a dogmans here. I beat him to death, with my barehands.2. Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥another dogman right outside? welp, time to ♥♥♥♥ some♥♥♥♥♥♥up! *Breaks dogmans arm with 1 punch* DIE ♥♥♥♥ER!3. *Skins the dogmen and wears them as clothing* Now then, who the ♥♥♥♥ wants to mess with me?4. oh wait, is that a person?5. BRING IT ♥♥♥♥IINNNGGG OOONNN BBBOOOIII.6. *Bad Mutha appeared!87. Uses attack.8. MISS!9. Bad mutha pulls out shotgun!10. Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ Oh ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥shit.11. *bad mutha blows off my arm with shotgun*12. *Beats bad mutha to death with rock found on ground*13. NOW GIVE ME YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING CLOTHES FOR BANDAGES!14. Finds  yukon backpack.15. Finds ATNT-er, ANT member16. stabs ANT member with shank.17. gets war club18. I have the UNSTOPPBLE SKILL!20. I skipped 19...21. uses expose weakness on DMC Guard!21. Beats DMC guard to death with my fists22. Becomes DMC guard. and wears their armour and uses there weapons.23. Kills more guards24. OH♥♥♥♥♥♥A DRONE!25. another drone!26. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ ANOTHER DRONE??27. * shoots them all down*28. looks up how to make railgun29. Makes railgun.30. Declares war on the DMC leading the blue frogs as the new bishop.Oh holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ you read all this? holy ♥♥♥♥, heres a ♥♥♥♥ing cookie, congrats"
76561198004904434,Recommended,248860,13698829,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Anoose,"Wow. This game is absolutely fantastic! I've played many games over the years, and I can safely say that this one is the best I've ever played. It ticks all the boxes for me:1. It's challenging. A game without challenge is pointless. When you first start playing, you will get yourself killed multiple times, in a variety of different ways. This will keep happening unless you engage your brain, and use the tools available to survive. Permadeath means that you can't afford to make mistakes, which makes the game much more intense, and progression is much more fulfilling. I wouldn't have it any other way. 10/102. Gameplay. This game is a sandbox turn-based rogue-likeish RPG. Some may not like this sort of game, but I've played many games of this sort, and it's the best of the lot. Most of these sorts of games over-complicate everything, and gameplay suffers as a result. This is not the case for Neo-Scavanger! The sandbox element is the cherry on top - do whatever the hell you want to do. Perfect! :D 10/102. Focus is on gameplay and NOT on graphics etc. Too many games these days look nice, but in reality they have no replayability or depth. Neo-Scavanger is the opposite - the graphics and UI allow you to play the game, they are not there to be pretty . It's graphics and art are still great though, proper old-school stuff. Also, there is the added benefit that ANY computer will be able to run this game. It's built in flash, so if your PC can handle some random online flash game, it can handle Neo-Scavanger no problem. 10/103. Depth. This game is deep! I have been playing for a few days now, and I have barely scratched the surface. I've just about got the point where I can reliably survive in the wilds, and have yet to actually explore the world. The game is mysterious, it's hard to know what the game will throw at me as I continue to play, and I love that feeling in a game. 10/104.Lore and story. I like anything to do with post-apocalytic settings etc, who doesn't? I havn't really played enough to comment on this aspect of the game, but from what I've played so far the writing and story is top-notch. 10/105. Thoughtful developers who listen. Having read a few dev posts, it is obvious that they care about this game. They are very open to suggestions and discussion. 10/106. Mods. I haven't researched the mods much, but I know that they do indeed exist. Always great to have that option!Summary: 11/10. Buy this game now! Even if you normally don't like this sort of game, give it a go! It's cheap ;)"
,Recommended,248860,8625322,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,LeBoost,"I love this game. It's a lot of fun, and the writing for events is great! This game's mechanics have a steep learning curve, but is just fun after. The combat shows realism, and encourages not beating to death everyone, but rather beating up, trying to make surrender, or even kill with a ranged weapon. Also, the skills are useful. For a example, if your tired of freezing to death, get trapping. You can make a campfire from friction. Also, the current special areas are amazing, and have quite a bit hidden surprises. (There is even a haunted house!) Go play this game, it's just 10.00 US dollars, and is worth even more than that. It requires scavenging a lot, and the name live up to it. For those preferring strategic turn-based games, buy this."
76561198068556197,Recommended,248860,9688728,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Arize_Nation,"I definitly reccomend this game. This game is truly unique and the odds are never in your favor. for example: you could have a pistol and the other guy could have a stick, and you might miss and then he gives you a sever traumatic brain injury. The combat may be just choices, but besides it being turn based, and besides only clicking options repeatedly, its still fun to scavenge and work your way up from having only your bare hands to defend yourself to having a camp, guns, and a good amount of other items. And it gets BETTER! Its so in depth that you could get an infection if you put dirty rags on your cuts, you coult get knocked upside the head and people will grab your weapons and kill you in your sleep, you could trigger booby traps, etc. this game has very good potential, and i dont think there is any way someone could mess this game up for me. some people think its boring? not me. I love it! :D-Arize_Nation"
,Recommended,248860,15457175,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Wolfiant_,very good i love it but its EXTREMELY HARD so get this game if want to rage a bit
76561198076531621,Recommended,248860,17062414,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Tragen,This game is very fun and very burtal. How good you do is based on %50 knowing what to do and %25 luck and %25 what you randomly find when scavinging.
,Recommended,248860,16522789,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Whinelikebears,"A nice game about killing people and eating them. But seriously, this game is brutal. One second you'll find yourself punching up a melonhead, then going to sleep, and dying to a dogman. Extremely unforgiving and luck based. If you find what perk to pick up thought, (Mine are personally Melee/Strength, Trapping, and Ranged), you will survive longer. But the more and more I play this game, the less and less diverse I get. This is due to most of the skills being utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you want to actually survive, you got to pick trapping. If you want an early ranged weapon, you got to go ranged. This is a big problem, for the game doesn't really support the other lesser traits very often. Still, a fun game that I became a psychopathic murderer who eats the flesh of humans in."
,Recommended,248860,8908933,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,BigBlueElephant,"Really good game, for hardcore players."
76561198083807744,Recommended,248860,14853158,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Aleksandr Boljughloughski,Grate game 10/10.
76561198058141170,Recommended,248860,15834636,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Ivan Ivanovich Ivanovski,"This game is... Amazing. I would recommend this to absolutely everyone that likes games that look easy, but are actually really hard."
76561198044803765,Recommended,248860,15562000,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,ChopShop,Addicting game. Save files are saved as flash cookies so keep that in mind. But all in all I would definitely recomend it.
,Recommended,248860,26431178,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,PSZenica,-Found strange meat-Ate strange meat-Developed dependency on strange meat-Tried to sell strange meat-Discovered it was human meat-Was banned from entering the city-Spent the rest of my days murdering people with a crowbar and eating them.7/10 Cannibalism
,Recommended,248860,15506708,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,MarcoPolo,"This game is great because it gives a feeling of gritty realism while only simulating things that are actually interesting to play. The crafting system alone will give you hours of fun just figuring out what makes what. Every minor victory feels important and gratifying. Not even close to being able to beat it yet, but I don't even care."
76561197970571810,Recommended,248860,8192581,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,ExHippy,"Neo Scavenger is a survival game where you're dropped into a harsh post apocolyptic world with no instructions or idea of what the end game could possibly be. Everything matters: you need to stay warm, you need to eat, you need to drink, you need to not get cholera from eating and drinking... Add this to the fact that there other survivors out to kill and rob you as well as monsters and you may have some idea why I've yet to survive for 3 days. Turn based and very intricate I would strongly recommend that you at least try the demo. One of those games where you'll hate and love it at the same time."
76561198002306209,Recommended,248860,27361648,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Son of Woden,"A must try for fans of Turn Based gaming. Every turn and decision matters. Great game, great RPG, great world to inhabit, and great gameplay. No reason to not give the demo a try."
76561198148729161,Recommended,248860,29538881,Posted: 28 January,all,Durban-Poison,"Ok so this probably isnt worth 11 quid considering the storyline si finished in about 6 hours, but I have to admit it is fun. No doubt this is just like a greenlit game where the developers got lazy and didnt finish it just because they didnt have to.Come on Steam stop making us waste our money on incomplete games...Despite that, I would recommend considering there are plenty of mods about, which I plan to test out a lot as the game is fun if you treat it like a sandbox survival type game."
76561198273829533,Recommended,248860,26326418,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,OOF.EXE,This Is One Of My Favourite Games Definitely.
,Recommended,248860,27587658,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,www.twitch.tv/in_otter_news,Brillian game. I was dissapointed at the ending of the game but regardless its replayability is almost limitless
76561198073028143,Recommended,248860,8279916,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,mex101,"Just bought this game a few days ago after playing the demo. I have to say I played the demo and was like.... meh.... then I bought it anyway because of the sandbox nature. The biggest issue is the lack of any explaination of the controls. I had to learn that the hard way. (IE how to flip items to fit in your bags, use crafting, find water from streams, etc) Now that I know how to use it I'm having so much more fun. (PRO TIP ""x"" is for crafting, and you have to ""craft"" the lakes to get water, or woods to get sticks. If you use melee skill, large branch, shard of glass and a shirt or cloth you'll get a broad spear that smacks guys around!)Anyway the only thing I wish this had was weapon skills, so I can get more deadly and have a better chance to kill with a bow or gun. I understand that will NOT be part of the final build and although I want it I am fine with not having it. Items degrade pretty quickly, and there arent many stores to buy stuff so you have to make due with what you find.Another thing thats awesome is cooking. Lets just say I killed a raider, was starving, had no luck with my animal traps and had to make a ""life"" decision, do I die or do I cut up mr raider and cook him?Overall very impressed with the game and I'm enjoying every minute!"
76561198088952583,Recommended,248860,24747423,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,rcarlislehealy,I love this game so much. It is perfect!
76561198067913247,Recommended,248860,13410174,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,vanderpool5,"I seem to be having problems with actually scavenging towns. If anyone may know why this is happening, please let me know"
,Recommended,248860,13411067,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Sir_Jackinton,"Killed a dogman in first turn of the game, life seems complete... 10/10"
,Recommended,248860,11825169,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,ˆMaki,A fun dystopian rogue-like wilderbeast survival game where you will at some point require a tinfoil hat.10/10 would get mauled by a dogman again.
76561198118014508,Recommended,248860,32188079,Posted: 4 June,all,[KO]_knight_COMBATWA4LES,"Day 1: woke up in a cyro facility, beat the crap out of a dog man with my fist. made him into a coat, found nothing in the first 4 citys i searchedday2: found a lighter in a house and got a bunch of loot with it, my pants broke so i lost the lighter. lived of berries for the dayday3: still living off the berriesday4: im out of berries, looted a shack in the woods, god blessed me with another lighterday5: found a bunch of loot and the mega cityday6: left mega city to loot, got attacked by a dog man shot it 2 times and wacked it with a crow bar alot..... it one shot me10/10 would kill a dogman with my fist again..... and die by one.. again.. and again.. and again.."
76561198035687316,Recommended,248860,9797733,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Reverse,"Decided to redo this review. No one will read it. Don't care. Just wanna put my two cents out there.So. This game. I love this game. A lot. It's simple and addicting. Goal is simple, survive.Getting to the goal is the hard part, because you will die. It's the only constant in this world.Well...that and taxes but in post-apocalyptica I don't think taxes are a thing anymore.Game is very remeniscient of the old Isometric Fallout games when Interplay was the owner of the title, except for combat where you just pick an action and it's carried out.Most of the time, in my case, you'll die from little things. Like drinking impurified water, or not being able to find the right amount of clothes to keep you from going hypothermic.OR in my case, a goddamn dogman coming out of nowhere to eat your♥♥♥♥♥like a gourmet dinner.I hate this part of the game, but I love it so much. I just keep comming back no matter how many times I die.Because as Cleveland Brown once said; ""You don't win, you just do a little better each time."""
,Recommended,248860,16584564,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Chief Integrator,"This game is intense.Found a shoe and put it on - realised it was in fact a single left shoe, and not a pair.Killed a guy for his makeshift rag shoe - it was for the left foot. Cried.Tried the shoe on anyway - game gives me a ""Improper Footwear"" status effect, but at least I'm not barefoot.Scavenged up 3 more left shoes.Limped around the city - got blisters.Eventually found a thong I could put on my right foot - rejoiced.Now every few steps my thong slips off - get frustrated.Killed a dogman and McGyvered up some more makeshift shoes with his fur.3.7 hours in, and I can safely say my biggest triumph is my low pass mark in attaining and wearing mismatched footwear. I also died brutally in combat a bunch of times, cut up a guy's corpse with a shiv and pushed his meats around in a shopping trolley before dying from either an infection, bleeding out or hypothermia."
76561198014098389,Recommended,248860,16283825,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Casual Ryan,I took painkillers while I was sick and didn't wake up from the pain of my infection.10/10 would sleep to death again.
,Recommended,248860,9023053,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,TB | ulramite,"Amazing strategy game. Combat works very well and surviving in the wild is hard, just as i imagine it would be in real life. Over a few playthroughs i have frozen to death, died of acute bleeding in the lungs, and of a traumatic brain injury. And if a game has realistic ways of dying then you know its a good strategy game."
76561198042120701,Recommended,248860,24687910,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,l.,i wrote a really long in depth review but accidently deleted it all so ♥♥♥♥ it its a good game if your interested go look up on it im sorry i didn't give you my uber proffesional review but it died along with the page it was on :(.I spent 20 minutes writing it.Why?
,Recommended,248860,15573842,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Kredorish,Trust no one.
76561198118320598,Not Recommended,248860,14380520,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,The Marxinator,"If youre going to have a survival game you should probably have a chance at getting a fair ways away from the start point. If youre looking for a brutal survival game youve found it. Pay $15 to freeze to death, over and over and over and over. It dident seem to matter what i found, two boots a shirt and pants to wear, froze to death. A good campsite, Death. but i digress.The UI you have to navagate is confusing and clunky i had to fumble around just pressing buttons for the first 15 minutes and i still dont fully understand it yet.This game has a simular style to the original fallout and by that i mean it seems like a duplicate exept in fallout you can acctually play for more than 10 minutes without parishing. There are seemingly cool ideas implemented into this game, a crafting system (wich you will never utalize before you Parish) drivable vehicles (wich you have no chance of utalizing for before mentioned reasons) and a campsite system (wich bearly helps you suvive). I see the efforts of the developer but its all wasted by brutal difficulty. The kind of difficulty that makes Dragons easyer to kill than snowy sabre cats in skyrim."
76561198069070137,Not Recommended,248860,16124251,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,CivilizeThis,"I guess the learning curve is just far too steep here, which is really dissapointing because these type of games really intrigue me. Maybe if it had a small tutorial, or an in-game guide I could give it a thumbs-up, but as is, it was so frustrating trying to learn, I didn't even bother trying to look up a strategy guide online."
76561198071435463,Not Recommended,248860,21748964,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,snafu-maru,"It's a interesting game and I would play it more but it has no working save feature. So I can never finish the game. I don't know why the game developers can't add an autosave, to the game that I already have as an update.I read that steam users can have a beta copy with an autosave built in. But I have no idea where to get that beta. It is a fun game to play it has replay value. But due to the half baked"" we save this game as cookies"" witch your web browser gleefully deleates is totally freakin stupid. It just ruined an otherwise good game. This is just what I think your results maybe different. peace"
76561198030887751,Not Recommended,248860,22457211,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Agresivo,The game is fun until you reach the city... then you are completely lost and purposeless. What an awful reward for so much hard work to get into the city for safety. Frustrating game!
76561198027443875,Not Recommended,248860,9336317,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Lu,"Interesting at first, loses all hold after a short time, and definitely not worth the money for a short playthrough."
76561198115014109,Not Recommended,248860,15766593,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,cbodofsky,Did not like it  just boring to me
76561198040964207,Not Recommended,248860,14923477,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Bucheron,"This game is good for spending time, but not for serious gaming.In real life, if you should soon die because of lack of food or water, or from frezzing, then you may do anything  to survive !In this game,  it is not possible to eat insects or make a neetle's soup ; it is not possible to make  a mattress from hay.In this game you die all of a sudden. Disappointing and frustrating."
76561198077980987,Not Recommended,248860,20608416,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,peplozem,Couldn't find why people love this in ~10 hours.
,Recommended,248860,14285667,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Anal Seepage,11/10 would eat people again
76561198064036661,Recommended,248860,20031451,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,atticlynx,"If you're wearing flip flops, there's about a 50% chance they will slip off your feet at any move.flip/flop would wear again if no better footwear is found"
,Recommended,248860,32831188,Posted: 26 June,all,The Great Autismo,"10/10 would kill down syndrome abominations and get diarrhea againseriously though, this game is fu*king great and only pu$$ies whine about the RNG"
76561198052021129,Recommended,248860,32871335,Posted: 27 June,all,The AWPness Monster!,This games fun as hell. With the price being as low as it is.. piick it up just do it. you won't regret it.
,Recommended,248860,12288446,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,JJ544w5rgh,Fun game otherwise for the fact that there's not actually storyline you can follow (yet). For now there's few events here and there and you just practically play until you die of injury.The crafting could use expanding to the point where you can use the materials to construct buildings and maybe farm. And maybe add companion characters as well.
,Recommended,248860,17803352,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,[H2O]Djkrownz,This game is hella dope. The only thing that i have to hate on this game is that you get som funcky♥♥♥♥♥diseases and i have no clue what to do. like if i am feeling like crap or my immune system is down ill just take some pills and it sucks♥♥♥♥♥when you get one from drinking water haha. I also cooked some meat and died from it i thought it cured it when you cooked it? nvm lol. But over all the game is boss and i really have not gotten very far i will get a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of cool stuff and then i will find a guy in a crock and a flipflop with a stick and he will get a lcky shot on me with it in the head and spear me lol. That is how i died last time i was fully gearded up but i just started like 20 mins ago i was just getting lucky with all the stuff i was finding. But yea great game gets a little realistic which i love but leaven to hate at times. keep up the good work bro :)
76561197963724355,Recommended,248860,14089148,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,No Luck For Gambler,"""Player was beaten to death by a mob for selling human meat""...This game has got an incredible feel, dont let the graphics stops you, it really would be a shame."
,Recommended,248860,33530356,Posted: 14 July,all,Pastah,I remember having a good time playing this game.
76561198207894315,Recommended,248860,33616772,Posted: 17 July,all,dice1822,its a little hard but its a great game
76561198012084596,Recommended,248860,33705818,Posted: 21 July,all,Snuggie,"A solid Fallout-esque RTS with a suprisingly interesting story that is left up to the player to discover. Multiple interesting characters, scenarios, secrets and a great soundtrack to boot leaves the you with a relatively cheap and endlessly replayable game."
76561198071126795,Recommended,248860,34004935,Posted: 3 August,all,Nihilo,Great game. The single best crafting system I have seen when it comes to material requirements. You will feel grateful of finding simple things such as shoes and plastic bags.
76561198324746695,Recommended,248860,34026088,Posted: 4 August,all,That_One_Derpy_Potato,"who said low graphics means a bad game, this game has killed many nights and weekends as harsh as a dogman killed all my ranged playthroughs"
76561198102275193,Recommended,248860,25982333,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,BigKahunaBurger,"Two different approaches to this game:- go in head first with the character traits most similar to your own, following actions you would normally take (usually followed by dying horribly)- youtube how to play effectively and stay alive longer than 24 hours and wiki how to craft decent itemsEither way, this is one of the best indie games I have played, with loads of replayability. It can be unforgiving at times, but with practice (or google) you can make this dystopia your b*tch.TL;DR - rewards those who like a challenge"
76561198118766551,Recommended,248860,33908720,Posted: 30 July,all,TheDoctorScholl,good
,Recommended,248860,14104627,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Brizon,"Difficult, unforgiving, lovely!"
76561198158381479,Recommended,248860,23039844,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,PENIS CHOPPER,hope there will be a chinese version
76561198055816763,Recommended,248860,29319621,Posted: 17 January,all,cachurro,"Very nice game, but the story is rather short"
76561198144461291,Recommended,248860,21929815,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Vladimir Lenin,I threw stones at DMC guards killed them got rich then did nothing10/10 will become rich again.
76561198058935725,Recommended,248860,21950771,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Pandy,Fun
,Recommended,248860,22025429,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Reeeyyy,good
76561197961701030,Recommended,248860,21878415,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,SmartPaRts,Great
76561198039599124,Recommended,248860,22279901,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Grayzr,F.U. neo scavenger the map looks huge pitty i always die in the first day..rinse and repeat.
,Recommended,248860,25591213,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,amrree,I love this game! It is a go-to time killer.
76561197986998279,Recommended,248860,25476038,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Luck Mostly,"Great game, very unique."
76561198009724645,Recommended,248860,25594116,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Mr.Church,"Dog hard, dogmen, doggone addictive and brilliant a very fun and immersive game, well worth its money value. don't be discouraged by early setbacks there are plenty of guides on Steam..use them. The game is a diamond in the rough though, once you CAN play it, you will play it... well till you die... repeatedly and horribly, dying from the S%*T5 is my personal favourite, how bad does the S%*T5 have to be to kill ya??!?! never eat red poxy berrieswould buy again :D"
,Recommended,248860,18423307,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,fatputtycat,"It's scary, it's hard, it's fun. It's not so fun after you beat the game however, which takes about 6 hours. A lot of those hours will be trying to get the hang of the game."
76561197994585496,Recommended,248860,10044450,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Roc,A very good Unreal World -like game!
,Recommended,248860,29626616,Posted: 1 February,all,ZombieStalker08,Amazing Survival Game!
,Recommended,248860,15860646,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Downtown1,"It's like if Fallout became a survival game and had permadeath that deleted your saves. Great game, highly recommend if you can get past the old-school graphics. Be prepared to die a lot, death lurks at every corner! And I hope you find a cart."
76561198030546365,Recommended,248860,17993267,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Eisenfell,Graphics get the Job Done.Every Run teaches you something New.Death can be around every Corner no matter if you are in Full combat Armor with a Pumpgun or in your Undies with a Shiv.If you Like Perma Death Survival games go grab it then its on Sale.
76561198003028011,Recommended,248860,18128983,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,FodderBot,"When I'm tired from working and my brain is having  a hard time kicking into gear in more intense games, Neo Scavenger foots the bill.Addictively fun.  Sometimes you just have to laugh at yourself.  The permadeath makes this game a fun challenge.  You may die alot in the beginning but then you start to figure things out and it gets a little easier.  If you remember your survival basics ( shelter, fire, water, food ), and don't take off your necklace, you will eventually get to a point where your surviving indefinitely and can go hunting for the quests and hidden adventures that are scattered around.I look at the stupid number of hours I have played this game and think to myself...""Really?""warning: Don't go into the swamp!  Some things can't be cured."
,Recommended,248860,15368005,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,ZombieTeam67,Best game i ever played
76561198041038920,Recommended,248860,17256379,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,highbucky,IS GOOD
76561198046716756,Recommended,248860,14152276,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Jin-Die (Drakon),"I love love love this game. It is fun,hard,and no matter what,you are GOING TO DIE.the only downside is the new ability selecter.What you used to have:4 free slots for being human.extra slots for you to pick weaknesses,yet have some strengths to balance it.What you have now:The stupidest selecting system ever,they limit your ability to make your character SO badly. now you have 15 ability points,and the weaknesses add to your ability points. the downside? Each ability you used to use takes so many points.My character set:Melee,Tough,Strong,Medic,Botany and Trapping. Weaknesses:Myopia (see a tile less) and insomniaMy new character: Didn't even make him,I just gave up.Now,I'm not saying I hate the game. In fact,I highly reccomend it. It's a fantastic experience. The story is beautifully immersive,and the areas you go to range from scaring the absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you,to Madhouses for insane survivors,to Utopian Societies. Like I said,it is a beautiful game,and a once in a life time experience. Get it? Cause you're gonna die!Story: 9.5/10Gameplay: 10/10 (I love strategy)Character creation: 6/10Difficulty:8/10 (Getting the dogman pelt makes you pretty much the scourge of the wastes. Even if you only have a stick.)"
,Recommended,248860,35356321,Posted: 30 September,all,Soma Cruz,You ever killed a werewolf with a point stick? NOW YOU CAN
,Recommended,248860,35107856,Posted: 21 September,all,Trilion,Highly recommended.
76561198072996485,Recommended,248860,34917645,Posted: 13 September,all,Goldilox,"NEO Scavenger is a very realistic game, and oh boy it is hardI've had tens and dozens of runs and had a lot of funDefinitely recommanded by me, one of my favourite game"
,Recommended,248860,34965164,Posted: 14 September,all,sharkbloodr,I love this game. Tottaly worth the 15$. I would go as far as to say I would even pay 20$ for this game.
,Recommended,248860,25425614,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Chungus,"Brutal game, unforgiving and challenging but rewarding and with a great story."
,Recommended,248860,13936833,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Gingas,I tried to stab a hobo with a spear because he had a sniper rifle that I REALLY wanted. I didn't know he had bullets for it.11/10 would die coughing up blood again
,Not Recommended,248860,20899099,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Bruno (daiphoenix),"An interesting concept, but the game is plagued with too many practical gameplay issues.Crafting is cumbersome and time-consuming, UI wise, without no need for such.A lot of gameplay mechanics are not well explained (if at all), and it's sometimes not practical to find out about them without looking up stuff on the web (think, ""hidden instruction manual"").The ending scenario is super frustating, a lot of choices resulting in death (or injury/difficulty) with little indication of how things can turn out (again without looking it up online)..."
,Recommended,248860,23538847,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Aerekplus,"Played it a little bit, it's pretty fun.20879.6 / 10"
76561198006690286,Not Recommended,248860,19533033,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,suurimonster,"While I appreciate the depth and challenge, the endless effort to find food and water becomes a chore more dull than real life..."
76561198050865043,Not Recommended,248860,15566087,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,issssk,"Battles take ages. Succes is highly dependent on random (you'll have to restart plenty of times just to get a decent starting position). Most annoyingly, the game kills your savegames when you die."
76561198032089179,Recommended,248860,13655845,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Big Lincoln,"Survived 6 days, became a wendigo, found a city, got shot down by a guard with a Fallout New Vegas Gauss Rifle10/10 would eat people again"
76561197982727216,Not Recommended,248860,33296132,Posted: 5 July,all,alanisman1,"I like NEO Scavenger.  I like the randomness of the world, the scavenging, the ""mystery"", and the ability to do anything you want for as long as you want.  But out of the 5 times I played, I was killed 5 times by a random encounter out of the blue; no warning, no options.  I understand this is realistic and highly probable IRL, but in a game, it just isn't fun.  This may be a ""Rage Quit Negative Review"", but the fact remains: I am p****d off.PROS+ True open world gameplay+ Scavenging, crafting and exploring is fun+ Tons of items to find and experiment with+ Interface, while confusing at first, is actually excellentCONS- No way to customize game world options or difficulty- Frequent, non-preventable instant deaths ruin experience- Vague story isn't terribly engaging- High learning curve may annoy some"
76561197972493836,Not Recommended,248860,20564741,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,mwalsh,"The lack of ability to save the game and return to it later, or reload it if you ... when you die pretty much eliminates my ability to actually enjoy playing the game.  If you die, no matter how far into the game you've gotten, YOU ARE DEAD and must start completely over.  If that is not an issue for you , then you may be able to really enjoy this game. Its basic game play, plot, and interface are pretty cool.  I just could not get good enough to not ever die."
,Not Recommended,248860,16446600,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,NoobishTheKitten,"Demo is better, just my opinion :/ Refunded it Steam said yes c:"
76561198038815960,Not Recommended,248860,15744375,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Krawiec,I expected more for that price.
76561198279848929,Not Recommended,248860,34084766,Posted: 7 August,all,Methylmercury3,"If you like watching hours of game play suddenly and arbitrarily end, wiping away all progress you've made, this is the game for you!Game play can be fun. Scavage, explore, survive, fight.The issue I have is being suddenly one hit killed several hours into a run. There are no persistent rewards, so game play does not change or evolve. Failure is not a process, it is random and has little to do with the player. Death is frequently simply an uncontrolled roll of the dice. Some might like that, but I enjoy a game where there is an element of skill in the play. In this game REPEATED AND FREQUENT failure is simply due to random events rather than player skill.If you enjoyed this game I HIGHLY recommend cataclysm: dark days ahead.it is free, open source, a bit old at this point I will admit, but DDA is a much better survival rouge-like than this game."
76561198031529307,Not Recommended,248860,26223139,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,actionorb,"6/10. I like the game, but sadly I can't give a recommendation because of the bad and very unintuitive UI and annyoing UI bugs which make your items disappear sometimes..."
76561198049993463,Recommended,248860,15528372,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Procedurally Generated Birb,Hobo Simulator 2015
76561198072252861,Recommended,248860,13954931,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Papa Piton,it fun and is really hard like my♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,248860,33158518,Posted: 2 July,all,arrowfrog,"This game is fun. Addictive. Incredibly hard.But I simply cannot recommend it as I'm simply not able to finish it due to bugs. Every time few hours into the game my save gets corrupted.Well, at least when somebody complains about how hard Darl Souls series is, I can safely laugh at them and call them ""sweet summer child""."
,Recommended,248860,22856361,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,½|Chrismon9|½,This game is pretty good.
76561198073677363,Recommended,248860,17772752,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Selfless,"Deep and unforgiving. Replayable to infinity,  Only complaint is that it ends too soon."
76561198048955203,Recommended,248860,14800045,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,litre,"Was looking for a backpack.Some dude jumped me during the night. I kicked his♥♥♥♥♥with my monkey wrench, he ran away, I chased him following his tracks, sneaked on him, tackled him to the ground and killed him bloody. Damn it, I just killed a man... ;( ... how can I?... ;( I am such a bad per.... HE HAD A BACKPACK NEVERMIND.10/10 would kill with monkey wrench again."
76561198021310118,Recommended,248860,19709402,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,the n*gger pewdiepie shot,My first memory from when I was a child is cracking my head open on a staircase.This is a good video game.
,Recommended,248860,10017477,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,bill bargains,"""Neo Scavenger is a game about a hobo who tries to strangle other hobos for an empty polyethilene bag and a single shoe, but often suffers mortal injuries in the process."""
,Not Recommended,248860,22313079,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Fury,"Played the demo for a long time and finally decided to buy this game.Pros:-Learning curve is very fun and challenging-No level progression, so if you die, all you are really losing are items. No need to re-grind back up to level 200-Very atmospheric-Character customization is decentCons:-Very empty characters, only defining traits are those chosen at the start of the game. No real room for roleplaying.-Story is very difficult to uncover without multiple runs, and when you do uncover it, its also very empty and disappointing.-Music is so nonexistent that sometimes i forget its there-Dying is a bit unbalanced, explained more belowIf i have a fur coat, with a backpack jammed with goodies, and im wielding a crowbar, i should NOT get killed by a half naked man with his bare fists just because he had the ""Strong"" trait. Also getting OHK'd by a dogman when im in top shape because he just so happened to swing at my upper chest and got a good hit in, causing me to go into cardiac arrest. This may be a roguelike but that doesnt excuse poor game balance by the developers.Ill play this game from time to time when im bored but im definitely not jumping on this everyday when i wake up in the morning because im so excited to make ANOTHER empty character who i kill with alcohol poisoning because ive survived for about 5 years. (because thats how simple this game is once you master it)Game review aside, you should try Cataclysm DDA, its a free OpenGL game, and its wickedly addictive.Rating: 5/10Verdict: Buy it on sale if you have nothing more important on your wishlist."
,Recommended,248860,16399714,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Cookie,"Great game. One of few good early access examples. Bought it from the start. Constant updates and info from the dev. Game is very atmospheric and interesting. Health, crafting, fighting, weather, trading, damage system etc. Think what would you do in similar situation. Most of the time the game will allow you to do the same here (wrap your bare feet with some plastic bags, boil some water in any metal container and so on). Buy it!"
76561197970998670,Not Recommended,248860,22248338,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Radik,"Game is written in Adobe flash. If you're trying to play this title on any sort of real monitor just don't.The scaling makes it almost impossible. Some neat gameplay here but designed for a 4 inch screen.Avoid on PC, mobile is this titles market. But if you don't care about text (in a text based game) do it up."
76561198143338979,Recommended,248860,14719296,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,TheWeedSlayer,just ate 4 packets of ketchup so i wouldnt starve 10/10
,Not Recommended,248860,28516943,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Paheej,"The writing for this game is fantastic, descriptions of events are done with the kind of flavor you expect from old school classics in the RPG genre.  However I have to admit that I did not really enjoy the game due to its clunky interface, which is honestly most of how you interact with the game.  Its a neat concept, but not a fun game.  Not recommended."
76561198055647976,Recommended,248860,9439051,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,ColonelCluckers,"I shot a man in the leg with an arrow.He pulled it out, wielded it as a weapon, and threatened me with it.10/10 Intimidated me"
76561198274539910,Recommended,248860,34767569,Posted: 5 September,all,ChidingAmoeba64,"woke up, killed a dogman, took its pelt, mauled by a wild dog, ""You died of severe bloodloss"" 10/10 would die again"
76561197971640510,Recommended,248860,15641048,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Huggles `,"This is a terrific game, extremely interesting, extremely elegantly designed.The gameplay itself is great, the world and atmosphere are very believable, plausible, suck you right in.I find myself telling my wife the story of Phillip (the main character) and what happened to him today...Or how he died, as is often the case :)Avoid combat! 1-2 shots will kill you! :)"
,Recommended,248860,9091667,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,ThreeDonkeys,"10/10, would keep dying from poisoning."
76561198056847594,Recommended,248860,8977665,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Danklett,Amazing game theres noting like it.
76561198109752106,Recommended,248860,14491030,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,DrMcPiggy,it is a pretty difficult game but extremely satisfiying when you beat a man to death with a glass bottle or a kill a deer with a wrench.10/10 would stave to death again
,Recommended,248860,8844744,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Grand,very fun cant stop playing =D 10/10
76561197977117776,Recommended,248860,14077470,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Andross,Yes
,Not Recommended,248860,24172921,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Blessed Heretic,"I had this game on my wish list for a long time, this past steam sale finally gave me the chance to buy it at a price i thought would suit it and I was really looking forward to playing.I had heard good things about it from some pretty reliable sources, mostly friends but also Steam reviewers as well, so I went in mostly blind not checking out the wiki or anything related to the game expecting a neat surprise.However, this game let me down. It let me down on every fundemental level possible for a game of it's genre, especially for the price.I'd recommend instead, downloading and playingCatacylsm : Dark Days Ahead. The game is within the same genre, but has a much more robust supply of activites to do in the game, and various styles to play the game. The best part of the game recommended is that is free. Hilariously this is the first time I can ever say Catacylsm also has a better UI than another game as well"
,Recommended,248860,11853452,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Roth,"This game is a great time waster. You stat out with nothing, you get a load of stuff, then you charge into a guy with a shotgun, die, and it all starts again.Very fun."
,Recommended,248860,19983858,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,hehe,this game is SICK (that means good)
76561198075598907,Recommended,248860,10008686,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Rendijs Father,"Found a friendly ATN warrior, he talked to me and left me alone. I was starving and thirsty, I found a deer but it looked to cute so i went back to the warrior murdered him and ate his meat raw. :)"
,Recommended,248860,32873978,Posted: 27 June,all,Polydips,scavage stuff then die
,Recommended,248860,19853623,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,gobobaby,This game is fun
76561198119800136,Recommended,248860,28089433,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Freddo Spurdo,so good
,Recommended,248860,27416417,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tria_444,Underrated game...
76561197986443427,Recommended,248860,22735977,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Rackminster,"You wake up in a cryo facility, a slavering beast is approaching.  You're a skilled Mechanic, and you override the door mechanism, locking it out.  You step outside into a barren wasteland, a glow on the horizon to the East.  Somewhere, a pack of dogs howl, and they're getting closer.  You run for shelter and find a monkey wrench.  You put up a fierce fight ...You wake up in a cryo facility, a slavering beast is approaching.  You're a skilled Athelete, and you spring out the window unscathed.  You step outside into a barren wasteland, a glow on the horizon to the East.  A scavenger approaches you, spear in hand.  The look on his face is pure desperation. You try and run away, but fall to the floor ...You wake up in a cryo facility, a slavering beast is approaching.  You're a skilled Botanist, and you find castor plants, smearing yourself with them and making your scent toxic to drive the beast away.  You step outside into a barren wasteland, a glow on the horizon to the East.  You make your way towards the glow, picking up a mismatched pair of shoes and dragging around two grocery bags filled with twigs, kindling, and empty water bottles.  You're close to hypothermic, but just need to survive until the next day so you can focus the sunlight to start a fire to warm yourself.  As dawn approaches, you slip into oblivion...You wake up in a cryo facility... Good luck!NEO Scavenger is a brutal game where you'll die often, and in horrible ways - even once you understand all of the mechanics, the random number generator will seal your fate if you're not very very careful (and sometimes even if you are).  There's surprising depth in the crafting, combat, and survival aspects for a game without any animation.  You need a tin can, a lighter, and some twigs to make sterile water to drink.  You need the same things plus a dirty rag to make a clean rag.  If you get hurt and are bleeding, you need to wash the wound with sterile water (or another antiseptic) and then bandage it with a clean rag.  I died of massive infections twice by the time I realized how to properly care for myself after a fight.  I died several times in combat before I realized how to play defensively and wait for openings.  I still die just through bad luck, but I'm getting further and further into the game each time."
,Recommended,248860,10144277,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,リサフランク420 / 現代のコンピュー,"I love it, Honestly, i ♥♥♥♥ing love it, one minute you can find a  Rifle with 5 rounds and take down a armed Guard and grab his flak jacket and uniform and run off, and the other minute theres a sniper pinning you as two of the guards of the same faction is walking slowly towards with their pistols, and then you have a long hard fight where you have a little hope of winning, and you die.That is neo scavenger.It is the first game that has made me rage like insane, yet love it at the same time as im raging.You can die several times upon starting during to not finding clothing within the first (ingame hours) hours, and then die from Hypothermia, and then as you hopelessly try again, you go all rambo killing everyone you see without any need to try cause you know you will win, Untill you get unlucky, It has the short term fast paced game like Binding of isaac, but a much more complex system of the game, now that it has modding support i cant wait to see mods popup.In short terms10/10Not a 9.5not a 910/10It is a unique game, it is one of the golden corns you find in the masses of indie games."
,Recommended,248860,18438941,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Kgamer,Start.Enter a fight with a guy and his shiv.Get cut in legs.Died from sever bleeding in the lungs.10/10''Would bleed again''
76561198006597564,Not Recommended,248860,19146953,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,king minion,not my kind of game not enough happening and far too slow
76561198040711515,Not Recommended,248860,28795554,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,mrbunnyban,"For a game like this, you have to compare it to the other games in its genre, survival. I can think of Don't Starve and This War of Mine. Both games are probably superior to Neo Scavanger in both polish, balance and depth. The story/rpg elements in Neo Scavanger are very light so not worth mentioning. The main thing Neo scavanger has going for it compared to these two titles is it is turn-based.Don't starve has the most depth and polish.This War of Mine offers the most control (least randomness).Neo Scavanger offers turn-based experience and is probably more random.So do I recommend it? Well, I really like my games to be turn-based. If you are like me, consider getting this on a sale. Otherwise, the other two games are probably superior.Edit: Aaand I just got hit by a playthrough ruining bug involving my shopping cart bursting and the game not calculating my encumberance correctly."
,Recommended,248860,8826339,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,TimePointFive,One of the best games of its sort.  Oregon Trail meets The Road.
,Recommended,248860,31309746,Posted: 22 April,all,Lady 3Jane,"base game doesn't have enough negative traits (why can't i make my character a schizophrenic?) and it takes a while before getting it, but when you do it's like crack"
76561198089564999,Recommended,248860,10932475,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Danganroparulx,"Neo Scavenger, ahh, my old friend which i have returned to more than garry's mod...Right, down to business.So, you begin the game with picked skills slumped over a cyro-sleep tube, with a wolffman coming towards you. What do you do? Hide? Lock the door? Dump another cyrotube so that someother poor sod gets eaten?When you survive that (and it's impossible not to) you are thrown into the big, bad world of post apocalyptic Michigan. I've battled canabalistic mobsters over a bottle of whiskey, I've died of Cholera because I failed to purify my water, I've done a whole lotta things, but won't go into much detail due to the spoilers that would arise.Pros:Great gameplayGraphics fit wellRegular updates (Thanks Dan!)It just went into the finished game (Early Acess person)Lots of tools, bags, boxes, weapons and general stuffSteam trading cards (If that's something you judge by)Brilliant crafting system (the sun can be used for example)Tetris-like inventory that matches weight with space (Yes, I'm looking at you Skyrim/Fallout)Well-done combat systemFull range of medical conditions, and more are being added. (Blisters, cuts, lacerations, bruises, punctures, abrasions, burns, etc)Thoughtful (albiet incredibly frustrating) storylineCons:There are only two things I dislike:The first is the random encounters. Now that they are much more frequent, they play a bigger role in the game, however attempting to do the morally dubious option, nearly always gets you injured (not killed, but injuries very quickly can become fatal.)Two cases: You enter an arcade where there has been a slaughter by the fanatically religious Blue Frogs. A man croakes to you to help him. Helping him, gives you small items, but useful, bottles of water, lighter etc. Rifling through his pockets results in anything from a bruise to a cut due to him fighting back. Next example: A pimp comes up to show off a prositute, you can walk off, but because I wanted to see what happens, I asked if I could hire her. Two scenes later and i'm stabbed and bleeding out in a ruined apartment because suddenly my guy thought it was a bad idea and the pimp got angry at him.Lastly is the storyline, which ofter results in banishments, deaths, or injuries: You mut find out about your past, and to find the man who was paying for your cryosleep, you must visit two completley random locations, to get two completley random items, then have picked the almost useless hacking skill if you don't want to get chucked out of the city. And don't even get me started on the time I got run over and died due to not tipping at a cafe/eatery/diner type thing.All in all, NEO scavenger is a great game, with an active development and well thought out gameplay. Ten out of ten, buy this game already!"
,Recommended,248860,21867663,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Moby,"Any game that allows me to beat a werewolf to death with a pot, is an A+ in my book."
76561198024970101,Recommended,248860,22124913,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,ichemandrew,This game and FTL are my two favorite ways to randomly die.
76561198025394635,Recommended,248860,8117356,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Cpt.Selva[Hk] - Off for Concurso,"Besides the lack of modding capability and some bugs, this game got's a lot of potential.Really fun, realistic and challenging,"
76561198111907274,Recommended,248860,14681001,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Zeppelin,killed old man for his shoe just to find out it was the left when I need the right one. then was killed by a man with a crowbar... #Payback   10/10
,Not Recommended,248860,33401632,Posted: 9 July,all,Waeloga,"After almost 18 hours I'm sick and tired of playing the first part of the game over and over and OVER because I chose the wrong dialog choice and died with zero chance of surviving, or a went to the wrong place and got an incurable disability, or dying because I passed a point of no return with no warning.  Permadeath is fun and all, but this game is just full of impossible to see instant death traps that are impossible to avoid unless you either memorize them or just follow a walkthrough.   Example: You will get three dialog choices.  One of them is instant unavoidable death.  There is not one clue that one of them might be bad.   Example: End your turn on a funny looking map hex?  You now have an incurable disease that ♥♥♥♥s you up. And it's Incurable, per the DEV.  Find a cool new place?  Do something that seems reasonable?  You are banned for ever. Good luck finishing the game!"
76561198021030392,Not Recommended,248860,19541115,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Polar,"I've played this game for 14 hours, and I'm angry. Hear me roar.I played for 14 hours, slaughtered COUNTLESS beasties, raiders and robbers. I killed something called a ""melonhead"" and I've slaughtered so many dogs I could wear their skins and pretend to be the wolf-man.It was at that time - as I munched down another human steak, made on the desecrated remains of a man who had tried to steal my sled in the middle of the night, that I was assaulted. Well, it was actually while I slept after having eaten the corpse of the aformentioned adversary, seeing as time apparently stops when you eat things.In any case, let me recount to you, the story of Philip the Doghide boy.Philip, just as any man, awoke from cryogenic stasis in a secret lab, where he was quickly faced with a hideous creature screaming like the midnight wind 'cross a praire of bones so sharp as knives. And much like that praire of bones, the dogman was soon still and dead. You see, Philip was a total badass, and he vanquished this horrific beast with a few swift uppercuts and rock-hard right-left combos. The beast lay dead, and not satisfied with merely having sent this beast's soul to dogman-heaven, Philip decided that it's skin looked comfortable. He grabbed a shard of glass, cut it open and wore it's pelt - face and all, possibly while dancing to some trance-music and smearing cheap lipstick on himself. Naked. In front of a mirror.After that psychadellic trip, Philip wandered out into the wilderness, wearing nothing but the skin of his dead adversary. He was messed with. Attacked by rabid dogs and feral.. Dogs. And more dogs. This game has a lot of dogs. If you don't like killing dogs, this is probably not the game for you.Anyway, needless to say, dogs never really posed a problem for Philip. Philip had two good pairs of hands, and he had a shank made of glass in one of them. Philip was not to be ♥♥♥♥ed with.Now, Philip was a hulking mass of death, even when armed with nothing but a shard of glass, so I'll assume you understand what happened when Philip found a crowbar and a loaded shotgun in a shed. That's right. Philip turned into a lean, mean, psychopathic killing machine. This brings us to a dark chapter of Philip's life. The killing. The killing never stopped.Philip was a soulless husk of a man, and that crowbar whispered sweet things in his ears at night. It craved for blood. Lusted for it. Philip was renamed ""Philip Mordake"".Philip tried to fight it, of course. Philip was no murderer.. Philip merely loved to kill dogs, but that didn't matter. For each person that crossed Philip's path, the crowbar screamed. It pleaded, begged and demanded of Philip.. Terrible things. Great things. But terrible things.It drove him to insanity, the whispering. The screams. They all melded together as Philip gave in to the crowbar's crazed yelling. He'd separate flesh from bone, and smash until there was nothing left but something that barely resembeled a human. He'd eat the flesh. Why not? Cut it loose with a shard of glass, and eat chunk by chunk until he was no longer starving.Philip's path on this strange earth was carved from the blood and bone of any that entered his path. Any that dared touch his sled. Philip was a cruel God on this earth, his fury tempestous and his retribution violent and brutal as it was swift. He cut many a foe from existance, and wore their remains as trophies.This brings us to the end of Philip's journey. For Philip had been surprised to wake up in the middle of the night, at the sound of somebody stealing his sled! That could not happen - no not at all. And Philip's recourse to this - though predictable - was a thing to behold. He knocked down that poor thief, and whaled with his crowbar until there was naught left of his adversary. Philip hadn't even been injured at this. He was in perfect health, and continued to be so as he smeared himself with the blood of his enemy (note; you can't actually do this in the game. You'll wish you could, though.) and sat himself down again. He dozed off, and once more awoke. This time, to the face of the very first foe that he'd faced.It was a Dogman, looming above him like a gaunt, shadowy behemoth. The crowbar awoke. It screamed. It begged for blood, and Philip didn't have to be asked twice. He leapt for the creature! He cut it down, and bit it's flesh with that accursed crowbar time and time again! A hailstorm of blows weakened the beast, and it desperately slashed out!...Philip was struck in the heart, and died immediately. And the crowbar fell from his hand, going silent.. It was just a normal crowbar.Now, you might think that's an amusing story. Or maybe you hated that story, but let me tell you what.I spent 14 HOURS. 14 BLOODY HOURS ON PHILIP.Philip was a GODDAMNED MONSTER! He was the toughest thing since diamonds armed with shanks in a cuban jail.He'd survived battles with up to three opponents at once, and though injured, he'd come out on top.And now he just got killed instantly because of some fantastic stroke of good fortune for some psuedo-werewolf.This game is interesting, but it's interesting for about 10 minutes. If you've discovered amazing loot in one house, you've basically found all there is in this game. Sure, there are random events and such, but very few of them actually lead anywhere. You're Philip, and you'll always be Philip. Not Philippa, or Sam, or James the Jive♥♥♥♥♥Jukebox Jockey. Philip.You'll pick your perks, disadvantages and roll out. You die because of silly reasons or because you had a bad start. And then you have to start all over, without any progress having been made.After a while, it becomes tedious. It's not fun to micro-manage your campfire, clothes, hydration and hunger-levels, as well as spend the ENTIRE GAME TRYING TO FALL ASLEEP, I MEAN♥♥♥♥♥♥ JUST FALL ASLEEP, MAN! YOU JUST MASSACRED AN ENTIRE VILLAGE!All in all, I'd refund this game if I hadn't hate♥♥♥♥ed 14 hours of gameplay out of it. Do yourself a favour and look at a youtube-clip of somebody playing it without audio first. That will be your life in this game. Like what you see? Go for it."
76561198037427689,Not Recommended,248860,34161225,Posted: 10 August,all,RobotDeathParty,"I'm a bit disappointed with this game because my issue, as many have already pointed out in longer and more detailed reviews, is entirely with the first-impression a game like this gives. I had actually followed this game for a while and finally got to play it today. I played for about an hour straight and my whole experience was the following : Make character, explore surrounding hexes of beginning campsite area, fail to find any items for 90% of scavenging explored hexes, attract unwanted attention indefinitely, proceed to either get mauled by feral dogs or have to surrender to some random jackass that, from what I understand, removes *at least* one item(including containers which actually takes the container plus all items inside it counting it as a single item) from your inventory(which, to add insult to injury, meant I lost my starting gown and was literally naked - no items at all). Rinse and repeat. No fun at all.In fact, it's all because of RNG and the issue is the chance of success when performing actions. You start the game with essentially nothing. Following the first-time tutorial messages, you'll always scavenge the starting area to get a gown and, seemingly useless, shards of glass. Virtually every single start had me next to a small town with storage sheds and abandoned houses/mobile homes but the loot chance bar is at ~5% without any items to help you scavenge. The stealth bar was usually at around ~50% or ~75% without the hiding skill but was still constantly alerting enemies to my location(which then proceeded with me dying). Using the hiding skill reduces loot chance but increases stealth chance(even though I did alert enemies to position using the skill with it increasing it to ~90%). See the issue? Either stick with a very very low chance to get indefinitely useless loot in a spot I kept on spawning next to and alert enemies OR lower that alert chance but get no loot at all. I had *one* single ""lucky"" run in the 1 hour I played and it involved me getting a crowbar, which increases loot chance but lowers stealth. Well, guess, what, completely useless for me in that run because the areas I scavenged with the crowbar consistently resulted in injuries, no loot, and alerting various enemies, which is what ended that run because I quickly got beaten down by 3 dogs. This experience was the whole the 1-hour in, what, 10 runs?It's not even like I'm bad at these types of games. I could do literally nothing about the starting of each run since gathering loot is initially very low, entirely run by RNG, and you start with nothing while also having odds of getting loot against you tenfold. I didn't even understand most of the menus because without certain starting-perks, certain stats are hidden against you(which I assume this includes combat too because I didn't see any combat stats like hit chance or item stats such as weapon damage, range, etc.).To cut a long story short, it was a disappointing experience because it's yet another game(a rogue-like, too) that depends almost entirely on RNG while giving you no long-term benefits beyond death, meaning you're almost entirely playing against luck itself(and everyone already knows RNG/random number generator mechanics are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. See : Darkest Dungeon) sort of like a gambling game where it's a win-lose 50-50 respectively. You go as far as you want risking it every single instance(e.g. every draw of a card or every individual action in this game), except in this game you get literally nothing if you die.I would've like it more if it didn't come off as so threatening and hardcore because, yes, a lot of roguelikes suffer from this issue. I still haven't gotten much out of FTL for exact reason, because the game starts off as very overwhelming and hardcore, and I got scared off by it. Same thing happened here.Also, as a random aside since it doesn't fit into any of my ranting... Aside from the first couple tutorial messages, the game explained *nothing*. Even crafting was just weird, especially since the game presumably has crafting recipes that you have to find via scavenging. Oh boy... fun.If anyone disagrees then I *dare* you to try and create a starting-the-game guide that doesn't essentially tell someone how to play the game, because if you can't then my thoughts will be pointed towards how linear the game would be in the end in terms of progression."
76561197993407356,Not Recommended,248860,22602317,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Captain Camper,"When they fix your character being able to randomly fall to the ground while walking forward, I'll recommend the game.You can be fully geared and have this happen just before entering melee combat, which can get you killed in one round."
76561198029173802,Recommended,248860,14026479,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,OurlordJeremy,buy it good
,Not Recommended,248860,21115095,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Deathsrose,"after trying and trying, using different combos of skillsets i just cannot recommend this game. i dont mind permadeath and i dont mind having hard to get loot but the ""luck"" factor just makes this game unbearable. even if your lucky enough to find something the game recognizes that and within a few turns your wondering how your going to live cause of the bad factors that will happen let alone the games random factor in which loot you get, you almost never get anything useful so all in all thumbs down"
76561198078649422,Not Recommended,248860,16733172,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,HankO,"I was really excited for the game. When I got it, it played well nothing wrong there. Then I realized that the saved games where somehow stored in local temp files on my computer, which can get cleaned from time to time, therefore, whiping out my saved game. After I lost a couple games without realizing it, I lost faith in the game real quick. I am not sure if this was my fault or the game developers, but it tarnished my experience with the game. Overall, I was really impressed with the detail put into the game. I agree with what everyone says here in the forum about the game. I just got a bad experience thats all."
76561198021308169,Recommended,248860,32276756,Posted: 8 June,all,Shovel Lover,The official tie-in game to Cormac McCarthy's 'The Road'.
76561198053995389,Recommended,248860,14583759,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,HiI'mHodge,Bludgeoned a few people to death with a plastic torch before dying of diarrhea.11/10 - best Khal Drogo simulator ever
,Recommended,248860,14583710,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Seinfeld Reject,Imagine a Fallout where almost everything hates you and wants to mug you 9/10 would somali simulator again
76561198031839928,Not Recommended,248860,15596485,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Dreadnaut40000,"You will freeze to death with one left boot on. This is the game in its entirety. I've played several survivor horror games in the past and I was looking forward to something different. Text/ turn based survival horror appealed to me.  At first, you kinda have to get used to the controls. Click this tab to do this, click this tab to do that. Click this button to turn off the text so you can do the only thing available to do. Speaking of, skills in this game are pretty much worthless.Ya, some skills actually do stuff. Melee does help in combat, you can Hide while you explore the map, Botany gives you more loot to choose from in forest tiles, some cutscene you use tracking to reveal more text about something that happened when they just could have told you in the first place what happened. Other skills don't matter. Mechanical and Hide give you the ability to scavange buildings safely but reduce the probability of loot while scavenging.  Medic give you the ability to scavenge for medical supplies in the spawn point and gives you better healing but if you don't have any medicine ...who cares!Your best bet is to hit the road and gather as much as you can to help you survive. The very first town you find will give you a cutscene and a little back story and that's usually it. Most times than not, this town is empty of stuff to take. So, you move out and explore the area around. And as you wander, in the cold and rain, you start suffering from hypothermia. You ""could"" build a fire but in the thirty five- fourty games straight that I played (because you almost always die within the first two in game days) I've found a lighter twice.Now, as you reach near death due to freezing to death , you get a cutscene about an abondoned car. The car has a sleeping bag inside and if you use the Tracking skill, you will find one left boot. You can grab the sleeping bag and carry it to your camp, which camps always attract dogs, and if a dog or a soldier doesn't come into your camp and kill you, you can sleep for a few hours and warm up . But that just slows the inevitable. For the only out come for this game is..... you'll freeze to death with one left boot."
76561197974656253,Not Recommended,248860,15549516,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Joe Edens,"I'll just put it this way: I should have downloaded the demo first.I think my biggest gripe was the UI and difficulty in figuring out what I'm supposed to do within that interface.The trailer showing what the game was like seemed a little deceiving as well. Oh well, at least I got it on sale and save a whopping $5.I'd recommend it for people who'd have lots of time to figure out the game, but not someone who wants to jump into it and understand what they're doing immediately."
76561198031338066,Not Recommended,248860,18846832,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Frank Gallagher,"I really wanted to like this game more.The problem is:Although the game offers some perspective and interpretation of reality in a different manner than most survival games - like having and observing ""circumstances"" instead of certain stats - I think it lacks the enjoyable gameplay in most survival games. It's sometimes too unreasonable to die and what it offers you is mostly scavenging around which gets quite repetitive after some time. It's hard to understand why anybody would like such a game too dependent on inventory management. Crafting is painful to me. When I try to consider the game content and atmosphere, I feel like it lacks certain aspects, there's nothing really interesting compared to other post-apocalyptic games.I'm really sorry to say this game is a disappointment to me. I don't recommend it, but it might be really enjoyable to you."
,Recommended,248860,21630454,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,The One True Morty,"Gave it a chance. A tad disappointed.Pros:-Offers all the choices, dialogue and skillstat based choices that was missing from Fallout 4Cons:-Its not Fallout 45/10"
,Recommended,248860,34872388,Posted: 10 September,all,mort,the best
76561198000082025,Recommended,248860,9001385,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Hillius,"This is a really neat niche title and I hope it succeeds.  It's great for 15-30 minutes here and there.  Once there is more loot/locations, etc, I think it will be nearly perfect at what it is trying to achieve.  Don't come in with any expectations, this is more of a thinking man's game - the crafting and realism (i.e, you die a lot) make for more paced, thoughtful play.  It is one game that would likely make you better at surviving in a real neo-apocalypse world.  If you like RPGs with character and gritty realism then this is what you need, mane..."
,Recommended,248860,34063355,Posted: 6 August,all,smoof,good
,Recommended,248860,23994748,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,단만지,"> Start game> Run from dogman> Find cleaver> Destroy dogman completely> Find pan> Find rifle scope> Find tinder> ""I could cook the dogman!""> Start fire with rifle scope and sun> Eat dogman> Find bow> Hunt dogs with bow> Become Bear Grills of the apocalypse> Victory.jpg> Gets eaten alive by dogman while sleeping10/10 would get eaten alive by revenge seeking dogman again"
76561197969687669,Not Recommended,248860,15367923,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Scelous,"Not nearly enough depth to NEO Scavenger.  The game consists of making a spear and walking around, stabbing things until the end of time."
76561197972655851,Not Recommended,248860,15545137,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Blue Mango,"This is a FLASH game - Unpolished too, still a little bit of fun though. The combat system is not very good at all to be honest, in fact its 'you hit me i will dodge you or run away' there is no progressive sytem, if you want to level up or get ANY skills by killing creatures its impossible, the game doesnt work that way. You choose your skills at the begining  and you ARE WHAT YOU CHOSE the WHOLE game, no changes, no nothing which is a big let down... on top of that there are only something like 3 diffrent ranged weapons and about 4 diffrent meelee weapons in the entire game.I love rogue like games, This is not a brilliant one . I highly recommend 'dont starve' or 'dungeon of the endless' instead. At full price this game is a rip off, at 75% discount it's price drops down to about right."
,Not Recommended,248860,14049140,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,BigWhale,"At first glacne NEO Scavenger promised quite a lot. After playing it for some time, I wish I was told beforehand that Linux version is a poorly designed Adobe Flash game that suffers from several UI flaws: flash warning popping up asking to use local storage, tooltips obscured by other windows, scaling issues in windowed mode and so on.I like the concept, but implementation is rather poor. Unfortunately."
76561197970915229,Not Recommended,248860,14607284,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,ItTolls4Thee,This game is the Running Man of homeless simulations.  This game lost it for me about the tenth time I killed someone hoping they would have a left shoe.   The text was too obtuse and hard to read on a small screen (microsoft surface pro) to glean enough satisfaction from murdering passers by for shoes and plasti bits to invest any more time.  What's the point?  The world is over.  The dogmen and cockroaches have taken over while you rummage through abandoned houses for plastic bags nd slippers.  There is no glory.  Just give up and die already.
76561198079167443,Not Recommended,248860,17921839,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,bryanjkautzman,"This game is the reason why I don't like spending more than $20 on a game.  Put simply, the game is terrible.At its heart, it's a crafting game.  I like crafting games, but this one suffers from the same pitfall as many other titles in the genre.  There is no effective way to organize one's inventory.  It's a huge mess of items arranged by size.  It's nearly impossible for a player to understand what he has at any given time.This would be forgiveable if the gameplay was decent, but it's not.  Combat is a complete mess.  I found myself trying to avoid combat because it is simply too much of a hassle.  There is almost no information given about the foes, and who wins is pretty much a crapshoot.I have nothing good to say about this title.  It is one of the two worst games I've played in the last couple of years."
,Not Recommended,248860,13430562,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Ritsuka,"This is one of those games you purely play to just try to do better, but in the end it just irritates you and not very fun.First off, the game plays in adobe flash player. First steam game I have ever seen do so, and feels sorta cheap, not what I was expecting for the price. The menu controls are a little clunky. For a survival game, I wasnt expecting to get the same linear story line every time I play, and although the map is random every time, and big, it's annoying knowing the correct play-outs of every critical event in the game each time.My biggest issue in the game though is just how bad combat is balanced, your average battle goes like this; You: Stabbed the guy 14 times with a glass shard. Enemy: Trips you, trips you, trips you, trips you, kicks while down, kicks while down, punch, your dead. Game over, you lose everything.Cause you know, stun locks are awesome, especially when NPCS get them and you get no counters to them."
,Not Recommended,248860,15458126,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,nuNo,Gameplay seems interesting.... but i cant get past the ugly graphics and clunky interface.
76561198067959266,Not Recommended,248860,32388463,Posted: 13 June,all,Scuba,"Looks fun in theory, not so much in practice."
76561198126684948,Recommended,248860,22862247,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Pasty,Good
76561198101512951,Not Recommended,248860,16958780,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,williedee1,"I keep coming back to this game thinking ""I'll figure it out"" but am frustrated every time. The concept is appealing and hats off for what could/should be a fun game to play, but the implementation has me face-palming every time.I pick an athletic character so I can run away from baddies. I meet one and flee, farther and farther... now over 200 spaces away... he keeps coming... I'm weary and try to rest. Lo and behold, all my camping gear is still here. Where have I been running. Can't see which hex I'm in. No graphical way to see how far the baddie is away from me.I'm thirsty, hungry and weary. He's still far off. I have time. There's food and water here, but for some reason I can't eat or drink any of it. I wait so long that eventually the baddie falls asleep. I creep away. Success! When I finally get back to a map, I'm only one hex over and all my gear is back in the hex I left. My chosen skills are perception, hiding and tracking so I ""spy"" on the hex I think I just left to see if the baddie is in that hex. (I have no idea where I've been running for literally five minutes.) Nothing detected in that hex. I move back in only to be attacked and die from the baddie. Screw it. I give up. Delete."
76561197997130576,Not Recommended,248860,14558853,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Harlock | HTD,"LINUX GAMERS BEWAREThis game is most likely not going to run on your system since the flash engine is going to make the cpu handle everything making it go overheat, then crashing the system and eventually DAMAGE your cpu. Developers have already stated that this is not going to be fixed. STEAM should not sell this as linux compatible, and linux owners should NOT buy it.too bad, as i where going to give this a 9/10 if running smootly."
,Not Recommended,248860,15609503,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Uberche,"I want to recommend this game as it's not a bad game but there are so many better survival games ou there that unless you are getting it at a huge discount, I'd pass.I love the survival genre and have played a great many of the games but the problem with this one is it is too arbitrary."
,Not Recommended,248860,15625425,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Aesthetic Weaboo Rooster,"What has to be done, is to add a change difficulty setting in the options menu."
,Recommended,248860,28052861,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ASpoopyPixel,best rng simulator 2k16
76561198115837470,Recommended,248860,31856278,Posted: 20 May,all,eugenogame,"immersive soundtrack, hard choices ....never survived...."
,Not Recommended,248860,18961078,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Nosstea.tv,"You can't have a rouge-like with a set-in-stone story, it's too ♥♥♥♥ing boring. You have to start this game off the exact same way every single time. The story gets really ♥♥♥♥ing annoying when you just want to wrestle bandits for their shoes."
76561198110012916,Not Recommended,248860,12043887,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,grimrist,"There crux of this game is you wandering around the wilderness re-arraning your pack to carry the maximum amount of junk you find. Descriptive working  titles include:""Homeless Man Shopping Cart Arrranger""or ""Vagrant Cardboard Box Simulator""also ""Hobo with a Shotgun Plastic Bag Minmaxxer.""The idea for this this game and it's mechanic is very ingenious. The developer is very dedicated.The RNG element makes the skill cieling very low.In general: Random elements exist postively in a game for two primary funtions; to create variety & to approximate the large & infinte variables of reality. While I appreciate their intended role in this game is to do precisely those two things the simple fact is their implementation is coutner-productive here.The simple fact is if the RNG doesn't grant you the ability to find clothes in the first 12 tiles or so your game is over. God help you should you get attacked before findin a weapon.I really liked this game (& the developer) but I can;t in good faith reccomend it.Also the combat is like doing the Math portion of the SATs whilst ȿhit-faced; an ardous ordeal whereupon your efforts to apply skill or reasoning only inhibit the actual deciding factor: random chance."
76561197996972957,Not Recommended,248860,32374252,Posted: 12 June,all,sir Evans,"TL:DR;I cannot recommend it due to few fatal flaws.This is a flash game of armorgames quality, sale material not worth more than 6$.Worse it is aimed only at a certain group of people with masochistic tendencies. Read on to find why.Review:NEO Scavenger, an odd name for a title that claims to be post-apocalyptic survival game.It hardly achieves what it promises and unfortunately uses few tricks to hide its flaws from the player for the first few hours.Graphics: 5/10No excuses for uninspired graphics. Sure, it's not the most important part of the game, but the choice of tiles, buildings, etc. is waaaaaaaay to poor.Sounds: 8/10Actually pretty good. Keeps atmosphere. Ambient, dark elements accompany the game pretty good.Gameplay: 5/10Well... good for the first few hours.Rogue-like random map and loot, random encounters etc.The problem is that it is yet another game which uses brutal RNG and player's death as an excuse for lack of any in depth mechanics and content.Once you get a grasp of this title, you will realise that there is nothing to aim at, except for maybe very difficult base infiltration mission which is also an end game.You see, this game has totally nothing to offer.- no skill progression- no character progression- no camp building- no real crafting- no loot variety- no enemies variety- no real missions and NPCs- no factions you can actually join in a meaningful way- not possible to start a gang of friendly NPCs and roam the landThere is simply nothing in terms of gameplay that after few initial deaths can hold you to this title.It's all the same - walk around, kill mobs, loot corpses, scavenge, return to camp (now probably ransacked by NPCs.Fetch wood, boil water, cook meat, repeat till you die of diarrhea or other plagues.You can't, for example, raid some bunker or a military base and bar the entrance from the inside, thus being shielded from harm. You can't really upgrade it (there is room 17 in starting location, but I got a bug and it vanished, taking all the stuff with it). You can't start a farm or hydroponics at the camp. Can't make bullets.With crafting limited as it is, with no solar panels to recharge all those laptops and batteries and stuff, you are either forced to buy technology from remaining megacity or live like a tribal.Only you can't have a tribe because you cannot befriend any of the numberless horde of nameless NPCs.Therefore this game is only recommended either on sale or to a group of people who enjoy dying and starting over against whatever devilry RNG has conjured against a player this time."
,Not Recommended,248860,30563807,Posted: 16 March,all,Cardassia Did Nothing Wrong,"I imagine I'd like this game if I could play it enough to get good at it, like these kind of survival games you'd get better by failing and learning from your mistakes. I cannot do that however because it constantly freezes during character creation. I've only played 3 characters out of an attempted 30 attempts to make a character due to said freezing, so I can't play it enough to be able to figure out how to play it effectively. This is not an acceptable state for a game charging any amount of cash to be in."
76561198039263303,Not Recommended,248860,13451988,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,odd357,"way too hard, way too much luck involved. boring because permadeath makes you start over and over again - which means no chance to follow the story.it feels like black jack... you try to minimize the chances against you but in the end you know the bank is going to win at some point.of course you could start to hide a lot and to walk away from every fight and hide your tracks and stuff like that but then the game would become way too slow and it would take aeons to get through the story (and the rage factor after some really unlucky death would rise to infinity). i mean it is already slow because you have to deal with too much micromanagement and some really counter intuitive stuff. now add some permadeath and one really dumb encounter and everything starts again.i made two posts on their forums about those issues but the die hard fanboys over there don't seem to get the point that everything they love about this game makes it a really crappy experience for the average player who has been lured in by phrases like ""We serve the core role-playing game market by making role-playing games that focus on:exploring worldscustomizing characters and equipmentcreative problem solvingstory"".sorry to bring it to you but in neo scavenger you neither explore worlds (because you die and start all over again due to unlucky circumstances) nor get something from the story (because permadeath + no luck). i played it now for 24 hours and all i've seen is the facility i wake up in and it's near surroundings. creative problem solving: well in a twisted way you have to solve some really creative problems like for example the shoe problem - your player character is too dumb to put his shoes on. no joke. so if you wonder why you wear a pair of the same shoes but still get that improper footwear message just check if the right shoe really is on the right foot and the left shoe really is on the left foot. (<- my favorite example because it really represents just how bad the game design gets at stages). at least you can customize your character and equipment.it's a shame that you don't see anything of the world and story because what i really like about this game is that it somehow still manages to be immersive.this game is for people who love micromanagement and boring repetitive stuff. definitely not a game for someone who's into story and exploration and adventure."
,Recommended,248860,24906695,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Gay Guillaume,reach the city or die trying
76561198007772855,Not Recommended,248860,28202949,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,robtock216,"pretty damn rubbish, i like the concept but thats about it, exceptionally hard and RNG reliant with a permadeath feature make it horriblewaking up in a cry pod and meeting a well armed guard but not thinking to ask him wtf has happened to the world is odd to say the least, and being taken out from full health armed with a meat cleaver by a ""frail"" feral dog is madclunky, poorly executed flash game with a horrible save system, disguisting graphics not seen since the 90s and badly written story"
76561198009370334,Not Recommended,248860,21674004,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Bastard,its pure luck if you live or die also the game should have some sort of xp system as some things like the bow can not be made without some sort of skills so pretty much the games♥♥♥♥♥♥ 3/10
76561198096058446,Recommended,248860,14250409,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Slendy,♥♥♥♥♥myself to death even though I had sepsis and I was bleeding internally.I think nobody will loot me.
,Not Recommended,248860,24644491,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Corrosion,"Good atmosphere and descriptions but it feels very clunky. Honestly, I love this genre, I have made my own games with the same theme and everything, but this game just doesn't appeal to me. I waited a long time to buy this and I finally just said ""go for it"" and I am disappointed. The UI doesn't do this game any good."
76561197993500303,Not Recommended,248860,14586023,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Gorebane,.
,Not Recommended,248860,17064836,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Mark Zima,"Realistic, but unbearably boring."
,Not Recommended,248860,18717891,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Charles Entertainment Cheese,"I wanted to like this game. I really did. I'm a fan of roguelikes, but this game tried to be both roguelike and linear at the same time. You start in the same place every time, and while that wouldn't be an issue, it's always the same scenario. That's the issue I have - I don't play a roguelike to do the same tired story missions over and over. It has some pretty unique elements to it, but the things that aren't good really ruin the game for me. In most roguelikes, I accept the sense of permadeath and the inevitability of some unfair losses, but this game takes it to another level, stranding you with little to no resources and then giving you a disease that can only be survived through either extreme luck with the RNG or a very specific item. It'd be different if it was avoidable, but you can contract it simply by getting close to the enemies that carry it - and a nearly unavoidable game-ending feature like that doesn't make for a good roguelike."
76561197973084932,Not Recommended,248860,25953042,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Agent.0.Fortune,"The game looked intriguing and certainly has a number of positive reviews, so I gave it a try. Ultimately however, this game just wasn’t for me.My main issue was that the game requires Adobe Flash Player, which (for me) frequently popped up during game play due to security settings, and ultimately crashed the game. And this was a huge annoyance, because every time I attempted to bring up the task manager to ‘end task’, the crash-screen interceded. It did present a quit or send error option, however neither responded to my input, ultimately I had to restart my computer.The other issue, which I admit is simply a stylist preference, was the color depth and color pallet, this game is definitely retro, like C64 retro. This included the user interface, which was very challenging (for me) to navigate, and in the short time I played this game I was never quite sure that what I intended to do was actually completed successfully (in a word: feedback).Unfortunately I was unable to play long enough to experience the story and atmosphere, which have been repeatedly praised for this game."
,Not Recommended,248860,29580035,Posted: 29 January,all,XL~Combo,"Game is really fun but it seems some ghost thing attacks garanteed every run, it has gotten to the point where it popes up and i just quit the game.~all the thing they dont tell youIs that what that necklace is that u start with!!MFer i wish this game told you more when you started."
76561198070996160,Not Recommended,248860,14628304,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Blausturm,"Hello. To say it short that game is not worth its money and time. If you want to play nice retro postnuclear PRG get Fallout 1,2 or even 3 ASAP. This game full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ interface, stupid mechanics battles and big deal of stupid strugle without savegames. Its PRG base engine also sucks because there is nothing more then 10 predefined skills from the start and small deviation following. And another one fresh idea from the author of game is that you can eat dead squirells and human corps ))"
76561198067062279,Not Recommended,248860,21046220,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Meat Popsicle,i have never gotten past 3 days. so i can really say get this one
,Not Recommended,248860,18366525,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,ach00,u dont play as thte guyfrom mattrix
76561198037416878,Not Recommended,248860,34736632,Posted: 4 September,all,ytho,"Really wanted to enjoy this game, just couldn't get past the utterly awful combat... Horrible, unfun combat. Rest of the game isn't bad but is held back by completely obselete control's and menu's. Even the first Wasteland had more intuitive movement/combat, and that game was made in the 80's!"
76561198001582340,Not Recommended,248860,13766654,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,paulantony104,Don't recommend the game at all. Don't know why so many people rated it highly. It's only quarter of a game with ridiculous illogical gameplay.
76561198035776269,Recommended,248860,17202841,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Uttergerth000 Communist,Beat a blindman to death with a tree branch10/10
76561197989279619,Not Recommended,248860,13992234,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Lord Quinton,poor design and poor controls are just some of the things you will be fighting when you play this game.  To make things worse the random number generator seems directed to causing negative events to pop up with much more regularity than anything else.  Expect to play 10-20 games in a row that last around 5 minutes each where you freeze to death in the first day before you get a game that is even remotely viable.
76561198034128793,Not Recommended,248860,14075429,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,That ShamWow Guy,this game would be fun if you didnt die every 5 ♥♥♥♥ing minutes.
76561198007502435,Not Recommended,248860,29465122,Posted: 24 January,all,FatalError,"Great game, if you like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I was in perfect condition, no wounds, full health, everything. Out of nowhere, I get ""Poison stage 2"" ""Sepsis"" ""Severe Abdominal Pain"". So I go to the hospital. Get ""Treatment for all sicknesses and Poisons""(♥♥♥♥ing nanorobots!). Painkillers. Anitbiotics.It does nothing.All of a sudden I get ""Blood loss"" (without wounds btw). ""You are getting colder"" AND ""you are suffering from heat exhaustion""(at the same time lol). Bam, dead. Btw, this is WITH a trait that says: ""You have a strong immune system"".In the Forum, I find a bunch of posts a la: ""Sepsis uncurable"" etc.So yeah, lots of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t RNG. Like enemies RIGHT NEXT to you being able to escape, etc.Let's get into it.Right off the bat, this is a really amatureish game. It runs in Abobe FLASH PLAYER (lol). You can't take screenshots. If you click ""New game"", it doesn't even ask whether you want to delete your old save. It just deletes it instantly. So one misclick, and you're ♥♥♥♥ed.The inventory system is really bad; just your basic grid inventory. There is an auto arrange function. But that's it. No logic. Can't flip items. Can't put items in your hoodie's pockets, if you have a coat over it. Got some wire? You can hang a crowbar over your shoulder! But not a spear.Crafting is stupidly tedious. You have to drag items into the screen, to even see what you can make. WHY? How about you just show us what we can make from all our items? Nope.Recipes are nothing but written instructions. Have fun scrolling through pages of text. Intuitiveness = 0.Also, it's got the most basic quest system I have EVER seen in a game. IF you can get someone to talk to you, they give you one sentence, end of conversation. I say IF, because even if you hold someone at gunpoint, they won't talk to you. BUT you waste a turn, so now they can hit you in the face. And then escape. Seems legit.Also, just a little PSA to all wannabe game desingers out there: Items do not BREAK so quickly in real life. This is a survival game TROPE, and it needs to die. It's stupid.Survival Games ""survive"" on REALISM and LOGIC, and this game is just sub par in those regards.The fact that there is no help/tutorial whatsoever doesn't help either... Dying of some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t is NOT ""experiencing"" or ""learning"". It just sucks. I refuse to play another mediocre survival game, while having to read the ♥♥♥♥ING wiki...That's another ♥♥♥♥ing survival game trope. Gtfo!That being said, the game CAN be fun at times, in the usual survival game fashion. But seeing as this BS is making me consider just stopping this game already, I think it warrants a ""thumbs down""If this was the first survival game ever, it would be ok. But survival games come a dime a dozen, since over a decade, so you should have the genre figured out by now. And being an ""Indie"", is not an excuse.VERDICT: Low production value survival game with BS RNG mechanics, lack of logic, and -occasionally- fun.Buy at your own risk. Don't expect a great game.UPDATE: Just died in a fight. I had a knife. It ""Scratched"" him. Guy hit my arm with the blunt end of a pistol. I passed out from ""unbearable pain"" (hahaha). Guy kept hitting me. Died from brain injury.♥♥♥♥ this game."
,Not Recommended,248860,13438552,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,pyrater,"Good game for what it is. Hardish game, kinda pricey for what it is though!"
,Not Recommended,248860,23281331,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Spookyena,"This game isn't challenging like one would expect it to be. Faster Than Light is challenging, Don't Starve is challenging, this game is just plain unfair.This game is completely dependent on luck. The first place the player scavenges from might either give the player clothes, a backpack, medicine, etc, or, and far more likely, will give the player absolutely nothing with a high chance of the building calapsing on top of the player. Going to sleep can either result in actually sleeping for a healthy amount of time and waking up the next morning, or just dying in the player's sleep(players can set up noise traps and all that but that never works). Combat can either result in three hits to the skull with a weapon actually killing the enemy, or getting punched once and dying instantly from it. Though usually before any of these scenarios can occur, the player will just die of hypothermia. People on the forums will tell others that if they get that skill, and this skill, and that other skill, then do this and that, then the player will never die, sure sounds like a lot of fun don't it?"
76561198032528976,Not Recommended,248860,14077520,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,coldewe99,WTF this is a 1980's DOS Style game. I sure wasted my money
76561198173920498,Not Recommended,248860,31316862,Posted: 23 April,all,xXDR P3PSIXx,"Likes:easy to playsimple controlsnice style and good writingdislikes:Random item De-spawns (not caused by Durability %)Save system is bad and uses flash which sometimes causes errors in the saves, example last night i was playing the game found a crash site with medical supplies dropped them off at the camp site and when i came back this morning it had despawned everything in my camp site"
,Recommended,248860,10987696,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,1stReaper,"Neo scavenger takes ""Hard-core survival"" to the next level,Altho the game style makes you really think about the choices you make,it isn't QUITE impossible enough that you end up kicking the bucket to fast.at best it'll take 3 to 5 times of dieing before you learn the ropes of how to make it out there,50 times of playing it and i still suck :P, but regardless i regert nothing :D"
,Not Recommended,248860,25849344,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,sky2oo7,"Game used to be good, right before the 1.0 update."
76561198004635653,Not Recommended,248860,26327677,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Groo the Wanderer,Uses flash player setting whick I have blocked by default. Therefore I cannot save the game.
76561198011858917,Not Recommended,248860,33109600,Posted: 1 July,all,Seddrik,You start in the same place every time.  Eh.  Needs more variety.
76561198047205597,Not Recommended,248860,15970798,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Mykroe,"The detailed gameplay and scavenging is so good, but this SHOULD NOT be a one-life game.It feels like playing Fallout without a save function. Once you die, nothing matters.The ""roguelike"" fad has made xhit of what would have been a cool game. I hope all bad roguelike games perma-die."
76561198038868694,Not Recommended,248860,32701339,Posted: 23 June,all,Oobarsten,The combat is majorly lacking.
76561198001915811,Not Recommended,248860,14127261,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,dominic.saltarelli,"A ""game"" with no gameplay elements.Every aspect of the game is completely random and simply beyond your control. No skill or tactics to employ, just plain old luck determines whether you'll live each day. Combine this with permadeath, and you find yourself stuck replaying the same day over and over again, having about as much fun as Bill Murray did when caught in the same loop.I'm being serious, you can fall, cut yourself, and die of blood loss just from *walking* if that's how the dice roll (advancing in combat carries the chance to trip and fall). Whether or not you find shoes and clothes in time to keep warm and not die from hypothermia, pure luck. Whether you wake up in time to defend yourself before an enemy kills you in your sleep, pure luck. Whether you can actually get to sleep because it's random whether or not you'll find a sleeping bag and it rains constantly... again, luck. Whether your very first fire started in a burnt out office building because you are hiding from the rain with nothing but a hospital gown and a large stick attracts an entire pack of feral dogs who you literally have zero chance against... need I go on?There's just no meaningful interaction. All of your equipment wears out shockingly fast and it's a crapshoot whether you'll find a replacement. At times it feels like a miracle during an encounter just to close the gap to an enemy without tripping over yourself and falling to the ground before you can poke 'em with your spear. Start a fire to keep warm and attract an enemy you aren't ready to deal with. Lay low and hide, die of hypothermia. Damned if you do and damned if you don't. Either option is viable based solely on luck. You're not playing a game so much as just watching the unluckiest man on Earth die over and over again.There is no character progression. You know how to make everything right away. Just put all of your swag into the crafting table and whatever can be made is instantly available. However good you are at fighting and surviving from the moment you wake up is as good as you're ever gonna be. All of your equipment has a ridiculously short lifespan. So even if you find a really good anything, don't get attached. Even crowbars wear out... CROWBARS! Solid bars of pure steel... wear out.  Seriously?There's just no feeling of accomplishment. None. If you manage to survive for a week, it's not because you did anything right, you just got lucky. A first playthrough can net you shoes, cargo pants, a hoodie, a multitool, and a saucepan after 12 hours of scavenging. A second playthrough can net you a cut arm, 200 pebbles, a handful of poison berries, and 3 shards of glass after 12 hours of scavenging. The player is reduced to the role of spectator of the very short and uninteresting life of some guy named Phillip.Without engagement, without meaningful choices to make, without progression, there's just no game here."
76561198105491395,Not Recommended,248860,28324042,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Karabass,it's complex beyond any reason and too much RNG dependant to be enjoyable
,Not Recommended,248860,34135183,Posted: 9 August,all,Hospiwhater,"Don't buy it here, get it for free on the android play store"
,Not Recommended,248860,13002556,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Taetoe,"Definitely a lot of potential, but excessively tough and seemingly tougher each update. I'd say wait until it's actually finished and the dev's quit ♥♥♥♥ing around with the difficulty. So far had 2 saves gone bad due to updates; loading and you can see your bars but literally nothing you can do, not even ending your turn."
76561198056954616,Not Recommended,248860,12929802,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Donovan,"Too random, not enough to do in-game. Several perks are all but useless, even late game. This has been under development for a very long time."
76561198058282285,Not Recommended,248860,29754294,Posted: 6 February,all,solaris885,I enjoyed the game for a good while but after a time the same♥♥♥♥♥♥gets old. Are you fully geared and have everything yeah lets be attacked by a dogman none stop get away from that one another one two squares down will attack you don't worrie. Wait your tired cause you spent the last 47min or so running from the last dogman? TO ♥♥♥♥ING BAD. DIE AND START ALL OVER. I'm done with that wouldn't recommend to someone that enjoys this type of game witch should be no one.
76561197993154962,Not Recommended,248860,23801058,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,NextPlease,Might be worth a dollar on sale or free
76561198004668573,Not Recommended,248860,12271917,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Argus,"It is a bad sign when the demo is more fun than the main game.NEO Scavenger has, as everyone has said, a TON of potential.  There is just so much they could do here.  Combat feels granular and staisfying, while at the same time being crazy-lethal if you're not careful.  The loot you find feels like you're struggling to survive, and the crafting system is elegant.  Character creation is simple, but offers meaningful choices.  It's got a LOT of good stuff in it.But the main game also wants to have a story.  And that main quest line feels kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥ when it's next to what would make a fantastic open-world survival game.  Since death is frequent, and often from kinda unfair places, having to redo the same quests over and over is unsatisfying, to say the least.  And I'm not a hundred percent sure if the game has magic in it or not, because it sure seems like it sometimes, and that clashes with the flavor of a sci-fi wrecked earth.Oh, the deaths.  Man.  I have died a dozen times at least from starting a game, and freezing to death before I can find shoes.  I have died because I can't find clean water, or anything to boil water in to sterilize it.  I have died from a single lucky gunshot.  I like how lethal the game can be, but I do not enjoy at all how arbitrary it feels at times.Also, the demo thing.  The demo shows off a scavenging system where each city tile has multiple things to search.  Do you check the storage shed, which may have nothing but is pretty safe, or do you go for the high rise, where you might get jumped, but could have a lot more left over?  The main game has one thing to search per tile.  Choice : eliminated.  Just right out the window.  I cannot, in good faith, recommend a game where the main game takes AWAY choices."
76561198013026960,Not Recommended,248860,27856962,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,shart2,Rng BS ruins anouther indie game. It would take an expert team years to find a way to @#$% up a concept worse than this.
76561198066873387,Not Recommended,248860,22855352,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Europa,"I love the game to bits...But they really need to add a ""No permadeath"" or save game feature as an option when starting a charicter.I know the game Is about  choices but, as a new player I want to get some grips for this game first."
76561198014229134,Not Recommended,248860,15636737,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Dorok,"Text combats sigh, more than bizarre UI, in fact quite bad design often, dev needs learn program a real game, that's just a prototype demo, I don't have the patience for that. You are warned."
76561198070082229,Not Recommended,248860,13385378,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,[ON] Zika Baby,When you started off in game hours you die from cold and its so unplay able bacause you just keep dieing and dieing and dieing. and no one is nice no one want to talk to you they just want to kill you thats so mest up. i know the world is mest up by some bomb or some sickness but killing every one you see is just sad and they need to fix that cause this game is impossible just to have fun and a wast of time and money so pls if you like to keep your money or your anger dont play or buy it. its fun when you know what your doing but when you are a noob you just keep dieing from cold or people. and you get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off when you keep dieing i had to go on a lot of how to does on youtbe or google or how to craft. the game is hard as hell but if you hardcore get this but if not dont buy this piece carp
76561198054186708,Not Recommended,248860,30191538,Posted: 26 February,all,techguard0,game makes no sense no sense of where to go and the game is nothing but luck thats it and they make it next to impossable to get starting gear
76561198068898321,Not Recommended,248860,8648730,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,jarballo490,"This is overall a good game I think. it is not however worth 10 dollars as it is now. The game still feels like im playing to alpha test, and i understand this is an early acsess game, but is nowhere near complete enough to ask 10 dollars for. Save game system is broken, barely a shred of story. But the game play mechanics are great. This game has real potential and i wished I waited until it was finished cooking before getting food poisoning by trying it early.Update 11/28/15: Saw it had been released and gave it another shot. UI feels a hell of alot clunkier than before, but on the plus side saves worked so going to give it another go as time permits."
,Not Recommended,248860,9896078,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Dick Head,PLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER FROZE TO DEATHPLAYER TRIES TO RETREAT BUT CANNOT!PLAYER TRIES TO TACKLE BUT MISSESPLAYER SCRATCHES BAD MUTHA WITH CROWBARBAD MUTHA BATTERS PLAYERS LEFT LEG WITH FISTSPLAYER IS NOW BLEEDINGPLAYER PASSES OUT FROM FATIGUEPLAYER HAS DIED OF BLOOD LOSSPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER HAS SEVERE HYPOTHERMIAPLAYER FROZE TO DEATH
,Not Recommended,248860,12105253,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Broghan,"Absolutely terriffic game. I love the scavenging and survival aspects, because this game does almost all of these right. The dialogue and combat are both fantastic, and the events are wonderful, too.However, this is all completely ruined by the fact that you will probably always freeze to death. You will not go in the right direction to find clothing. You'll be very lucky to find a lighter. And even if you do all these things, you probably already have hypothermia, and you'll be dead in a few turns. Almost always."
76561198036019758,Not Recommended,248860,13339768,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Outrojection,No content.
76561198006568786,Not Recommended,248860,10559508,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,behemoth227,"The concept of this game is great, the detail put into the crafting is excellent.  And that's about the limit of its positive qualities.  It's biggest and most glaring flaw is the 'erase your save upon death' feature.  That's right boys and girls, they PURPOSEFULLY designed this game so that if you die once, if, oh say, you cant find better clothing within 8 hours, or you encounter a creature, or you take off the silly little necklace you start with, you will die, and whatever progress you have made is erased.The idea of a hardcore mode has it place, but in a game that offers such a chance for exploration, that offers such a detailed crafting grid, the FORCED, non optional hardcore mode is a terrible idea.  Want to play the game to explore, see the world they created?  Too bad.  You either blitz the story, or die once to either bad luck or bad enemy design, and poof, congratulations, all your time and effort has been destroyed, and you get to do it all over again.  I suppose this is probably someones idea of fun, but it isn't mine.  I honestly regret making this purchase.  If you're looking for a GOOD survival style game, get Project Zomboid."
,Not Recommended,248860,8958503,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Nadlug,"Fun for a little while but it gets pritty boring pritty fast.Understandably you start out with more or less nothing (depending on the skills you picked and if you bothered to use them in the first room) and for the genre and setting thats fine, however when 4 out of 5 Games Ends because you cant find a shirt, pair of pants and a set of boots before you freeze to death in what is clearly not a sub freezing enviroment the initial new game pains are a little frustrating.On top of that if you dont pickup either Trapping or Botany, you are going to starve to death. Beyond that its rather easy to stay alive. Remarkably easy really.The trailor vidoes hint at every decision potentially resulting in life or death but ive had very little trouble from noisly ransacking every building or storage unit i come accross with a crowbar and lighter. That might change however if i can ever light a fire... but of course ide need a tiny slip of paper to tell me how to use my lighter to start a fire and by the time i find that ill realise that I dont have the appropraite skill to start fires. Meanwhile Ill have alrleady hacked 2 laptops and a plethora of smaller eletrical devices to gain access to more or less nothing but a GPS that isnt neessisary because my map allready points out exactly where I am.Basicly I would give this one a pass for now, keep an eye on it though more features are bound to come out in time."
76561198007564868,Not Recommended,248860,8371906,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,KillerClown,"This is so life like!Wander around and die of Hypothermia!Wander around then die of dehydration!Wander around and die from a cardiac arrest after a random encounter gets a lucky punch to your head!...and finally, get to grips with the game, find the plot, do some exploring ... and then die randomly wasting all of your time!...Did I mention the fact that you can't save a game and re-load it, therby making the whole mess TEDIOUS!Don't do it."
,Not Recommended,248860,22857796,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,5 Bears On Patrol,broken.
76561198000727344,Not Recommended,248860,12687519,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Sgt. Giggle Mittens,"Death simulator. Nothing you do seems to overcome anything, either you go slow and freeze. Be a machanic and starve, go ranged and get your head caved in with melee, be a foriger and get killed by a mutant, nothing, absolutely nothing you do matters. Its very bad and poorly thought out with no clear means of living past 10 days."
76561198009259148,Not Recommended,248860,12445032,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,thebob288,This game is the worst form of survival games. It is a random number generator linked to some stats if you don't find the needed items randomly by scavenging your choices do not matter at all and you die. Its a shame because the mystery of who you are has promise and the flavor text is very well written (the world seems interesting) but the fact that all of your choices are pointless negates any intrigue. A game which repeatedly places you in an unwinable scenario until you luck out is more tedium than anything else.
76561197979402731,Not Recommended,248860,8404763,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Zatio,"As the game is to day 29.12.2013 this game is unplayable, death rate is 100%.If you are not killed by something then you are either going to freeze to death or die of thirst if you survive the night.The game is interesting but at the momment its no fun, suggest waiting."
,Not Recommended,248860,12960764,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Oops McGoobins,"At no point have I ever had fun 'playing' this game. At no point have I ever been glad I purchased it. At no point will I recommend this game to my friends. I will recommend NEO Scavenger to child molesters, terrorists who spill American blood, and women who call grown men 'hun' because they deserve to suffer. This is not a game for people. NEO Scavenger is a device used to test if a player is human or not, much like the Voight-Kampff Test. Time spent interacting with his horrid program will only expose a player as being a poorly made simulacrum, a hollow mimic, who is not truly alive, because real people play real games. NEO Scavenger isn't a game, it's a punishment."
,Not Recommended,248860,31563000,Posted: 5 May,all,Zhuangzi,"This is very frustrating, 10+ hours invested into the game and save file corrupted and there are nothing you can do about it. You cannot restore you save file but have to play a new game, and developer cant do anything about it either since its a flash based game. Seriously guy you just wasted many hours of my precious time. Do not buy it!"
76561198000939162,Not Recommended,248860,8851432,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,DeadMarat,"Broken plotline, bad game design."
76561197992700308,Recommended,248860,10477656,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Torrent,"Very fun little game with great potential.My only problem is that you get hypothermia too quickly and have too few options to counter it early on.  The first dozen games I tried all ended the same way.  ""Player has frozen to death""The combat has a lot of options, reminiscent of a tabletop game.While wielding nothing more than a tree branch I ran into a bandit with a rifle.  For whatever reason he charged me and a brawl insued.  I ended up beating him bloody and he crawled away with his unused rifle in hand."
,Recommended,248860,10699005,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,worldwar2freak12,"Funny how a $10 dollar flash game mangages to deliver more visceral, tension-packed combat using only text then most AAA ""action"" titles. A prominet example is when a werewolf sneaks into my camp in an abandoned office bulding. Luckily I woke up before it mauled me and grabbed my rifle, at this point a glorified club on account of using all my ammo to kill melonheads the previous day. I spent the rest of the night partaking in deadly tango with a werewolf for a partner, knowing the slightest miss-step would spell death for me. He would attack, I would either dodge or parry with the butt of my rifle. Evantually, maybe out of impatience, the werewolf made a flurry of attacks that I easily dodged, giving me the opurtunity to smash his face with my rifle, stunning him. Suffice it to say he didnt last long after that, and by morning I had a new coat and a comfortable amount of meat.Two days later I died a ♥♥♥♥♥'s death, but to elaborate more would give major spoilers. Hint: remember to pay tips, mkay?"
,Recommended,248860,10629459,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Magnus,"I just wanted to do what I can to try and promote this amazing game. I am absolutely loving it and I think it deserves a little more praise and hype. It's a single player, post-apocalyptic, turn based, permadeath, hex-mapped, rogue-like, rpg. I love these flavour of games and now that I have a tiny baby to look after these days, I thought I might try something more 'pausable' because I may have to suddenly be elbow deep in doodie duty at a moment's notice. Which is something that you just can't reconcile with games of unforgiving immediacy like DayZ.There are some great intro tutorial videos on Youtube that explain the slightly foreign quirks of what is basically a gui format you should be comfortable with.Thereisa free demo version available on the Steam Store, so you can check it out fearlessly before making up your mind.Should be a big hit with my Tabletop folks."
76561198030942430,Recommended,248860,10755425,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Das Olms,"Thanks to its great concept and mechanics NEO Scavenger managed to captivate me despite its rather outdated graphics. Also on the plus side: regular updates, new features, and bug fixes."
76561198110836016,Recommended,248860,10810962,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Davidrj145,"I recommend this game to the fullest, great interactions and fun game play!"
,Recommended,248860,10523295,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,benjgonzalez0,"Wow. Just wow. This game is hard, unforgiving, and near impossible. I love it. My last playthrough, I had taken a guides advice with slight modification of my own and I was a super power nothing could kill me, except for nature herself. I had taken down four dogman, six strangers, Ftons of melonheads, and an enfiend horror all within six hexex of each other and only minors cuts and bruises as my reward, oh and a few dozen bullets, a couple guns, water bottles, and furs out the wazzo. This was only half way through. I wasn't playing the story, I wanted to gear up, I was challenging myself out in the wilderness and it was fun! Just doing what I wanted, fighting when I had to, chatting when I didn't, and just surviving.This can be a casual game or a hardcore game it depends on how you want to play, do you want to follow the story or simply explore the whole map. But in my opinion fun is all this game is going to be. Don't mistake it though. Remeber the badass you just read up there I overestimated myself and attacked when I should have dodged with hunger and thirst nearly claiming me along the way. Thus ending my adventure but also beginning a new and, hopefully, better one."
,Recommended,248860,10223284,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,TooBritishToQuitish,"Neo scavenger is a game that allows you to select a number of skills and disabilities, such as being good at lockpicking, identifying herbs and mushrooms, or being shortsighted, fragile, or weak.You then go on a journey across a hexagonal map, scavenging buildings and combatting various gruesomes, crafting items and completing quests.Think of it as a small scale S.T.A.L.K.E.R.I find it fun for short bursts.Protip - Tracking is a great skill - it lets you make a high quality piece of clothing from the first enemy you encounter - If you fight it that is."
76561198093812259,Recommended,248860,10652615,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,KVM 2 SKVM,"love it. lots of fun... relaxing, and stresful. cool developer. plenty of ways to play plenty to discover."
,Recommended,248860,10434748,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,saltmummy626,"A difficult but satisfying RPG with sprites that have clearly had some work put into them. during one playthrough I found myself resorting to cannibalism to survive. I found a bandit asleep near my camp and needless to say, he never woke up. after a few days of sneaking around, gutting bandits, and avoiding dangerous wildlife, they stopped coming near my camp. this fact forced me to go further afield to find them and it was on one such outing that I encountered a whole pack of something quiet a bit more dangerous than myself. good game."
,Recommended,248860,10180671,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,bumbumbym,I do declare this to be the best game developed east of the mississipi since 2010.
76561197989808597,Recommended,248860,10184121,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Mr. Bay,A Great in-depth strategy game that places the focus on true survival in an unforgiving world. Simple graphics but great gameplay where every decision can be life or death. A challenging game that anyone who loves turn-based strategy will enjoy.
76561198080270239,Recommended,248860,10133503,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,GetOffWelfare,"Are you kidding me? I just got killed after getting so far and i don't even care. This game might have areas that are just luck, and random but that's awesome means every time I play this it'll be a different experience. There are TONS of items and crafting possibilities just from what i've seen. The lack of abilities you can have thus limiting the perks sort of stinks, but I totally understand and enjoy the need for it. I am a huge hoarder in RPGs and I'm loving this game as is and its only early access."
76561197996737820,Recommended,248860,10151961,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,TheBigBadWolf,4 Stars WAY up. This game is not even DONE yet and it ROCKS! I’m having trouble finding a game close to as fun and multifaceted at this one.
,Recommended,248860,9275520,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,slamradio,"i fully agree with all of the good things that i have read here, you will be sucked in for hours.  best $10 i've spent in a long time."
,Recommended,248860,9288396,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,WarFoxGX,2014 release of Fallout :)
76561198071357421,Recommended,248860,9294681,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,jschblht,This game. I'm in love. Play the Demo if your not sure. You can thank me later.
76561198048991146,Recommended,248860,9323836,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,BWS2K,"Permadeath has never been so fun!It's so hard to find a good survival game that doesn't feature hordes of the undead - often in place of more creative challenges to, well, staying alive. Similarly, it's the rare title that does anything very well at all for less than $10 these days. NEO Scavenger fits both bills and still has more to come (I guess... I haven't noticed many bugs and I think I've progressed a fair distance). You'll probably need the wiki to help you get started, if only because you have to get the hang of some of the craftable items. I played the demo for about forty-five minutes before grabbing the full version and only had two or three things I'd count as bugs:1) My save data was inexplicably lost once, but I didn't mind starting over2) It seems to me that there's really only one way to start with any decent chance but that's not necessarily going to stay true in the final version (and I could be wrong - there's a decent amount of randomness with each play)3) Sometimes you setup a camp site and it disappears later, sometimes re-appearing on a later visit to that hexNone of these, for me, are game-breakers because I'm not playing NEO Scavenger to win - I'm playing to -survive-. This means battling cold weather, raiders and dogmen, hunger, thirst, fatigue, and the dangers of exploring/scavenging ruined buildings that might collapse on you at any moment. I simply include most of the bugs along with the other dangers and keep on truckin' (or start a new game). I highly recommend that anyone looking to play a game that focuses on those things as NEO Scavenger really does it well. Happy Gaming!"
,Recommended,248860,9335393,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,PersonalDaemons,"If Fallout and Dungeons & Dragons had a baby, it would be NEO Scavenger.  It's fun, emotionally intense, and frustratingly difficult at times, but still manages to keep you hooked and playing over and over again.  Will have you frantically searching for single shoes and empty water bottles."
,Recommended,248860,9679759,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Redwood Littletree,"Do you like an intense game that rewards player skill, encourages thoughful play, and punishes reckless play styles?Do you like a game with a broad open world with plenty to explore and do?Do you like running screaming from crowbar weilding maniacs?Well, Neo Scavenger has all of this and more. This game with torture your psyche and leave you begging for more. This game is an intense and brutal introduction to a realistic post social collapse world. A world of monster, and maniacs. This game with♥♥♥♥♥♥you off, and bring you to your knees in frustration, and yet, at the same time, leave you cackling maddly after barely skating by in a pitched battle with an all too lucky looter.This game will delite and agrivate you in fairly equal parts, and always give you a reason to pick back up and start a new game each time you find your character has once more gotten his skull caved in by one of the many hideous monstrosities in the game. The best part, most of the monsters in this game are flesh and blood humans, not mutants, not zombies, normal humans, driven to the edges of maddness by a cold cruel and uncaring world.Will this world drive you mad too?Are you up to the challenge of the Michigan wilds?Can you handle the constant threat of being someone or something else's next meal?Can you survive in the brutal world of Neo Scavenger?Or will this brutal world swallow you up without so much as a burp, as so many before?"
,Recommended,248860,9681513,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,yordles are great,"Let's get this out of the way first - This is my first review.NEO Scavenger has a lot of potential. The gameplay so far is amazing, and the combat and scavenging system works really well, making it all the more impressive. I really can't wait to see the finished product, although there are a few things I want to point out.The scavenging system is great and all, but it is REALLY brutal unless you get lucky. Probably 8/10 times I played through the game and I died before I survived 1 day. It is really hard to find any kind of clothing even when there is a high loot chance in the scavenging screen.And when I get to the DMC Gates, as soon as I complete Hatter's request for the Urn, he gives me the pass for the DMC gates, but when I get scanned, it still won't let me in, and as well as that, it breaks after I finished a few turns, even when it's durability is at 100% (even after a few playthroughs this still happened) and I'm not sure if this is a game breaking bug or something is wrong with my NEO Scavenger.Still, even in Beta and it's well worth the £7 I paid for it. I recommend this HEAVILY to any RPG/Post Apocalyptic players who like any of the original Fallout series - 9/10."
76561198098008119,Recommended,248860,9688354,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Kory,"Few games out there cover this much detail and make you want to play it more and more. Every little choice you make will determine how long you survive, making starving,dehydration and freezing to death at times the least of your worries...if you pair it up with a bit of cholera from drinking a unclean water source..if anything is going to prepare me for a real apocalypse worries it'll be this game. Lord knows how many times i got gastroentitis and♥♥♥♥♥♥myself already..(the last sentence applies to both NEO Scavenger and Real-Life). Live and learn, or die and learn..you still learn!"
,Recommended,248860,9720613,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,where am i going,"Once you get good itemsyou get wrecked right away and start overits a fun game i love it!, but the guys with rifles once you just spawn in the game is bull"
76561198027402554,Recommended,248860,9723246,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Roiwiez,Killed a man for his shoes 10/10
,Recommended,248860,9776173,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,WarMachineBrony,"Neo Scavenger is perfect for the hardcore Post Apocalyptic fan. If you've ever wanted a gritty, brutal depiction of survival when everything hits the fan. Continually updated, well made game, with a great artwork, riveting descriptions of important structures, and each playthrough is always different. With alittle imagination, the basic graphics and be ignored and you can become enthralled in your own personal story of survival.TLDR MODEPROS:Alot of content for a fair priceContinually updatedExtremely Dynamic GameplayRealistic feel and setting (for the most part)CONS:Extremely Difficult for beginners,Basic graphics (Who really cares about that?)Sometimes frustrating."
76561198083274670,Recommended,248860,9792167,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Griff1n,"great game, survival mechanics are indepth and comprehensive, one of the most addictive survival games i have ever played"
,Recommended,248860,9802383,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Grumblingstorm,"VERY good, i mean, i fell in love with this after the first ehh, round, now on round hundered or two, who counts? Although, if you get this game prepare, no matter how well equiped, how well organise, how good your skills are... this game will find a way to kill you out of NO WHERE, in a game i managed to survive 24 days or smthin with end game grade equipment; it killed me off from a scratch, because I forgot to top up with a lil bit of anti biotics. NEO Scavengers a ♥♥♥♥♥, but u jus gotta love it ;)"
,Recommended,248860,9202328,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Jevanee,"I heard about this game from a friend and decided to play the demo to see how I felt. About two hours passed and I purchased the actual game, to spend another two or three hours playing the balls off of it.At first a first look I was unsure about the action events (fights, encounters etc.) seeing as it was primarily text and seemed like it would be a little dull. I was very wrong, while yes the action events are just text along with some other info (character portraits, conditions and so on), it doesn't detract from the intensity at all. If anything imagining what is happening as it's described to you makes the whole fight even more tense.I think the most appealing thing about this game is how realistic it is. You can (and will) die in so many different ways, it's fantastic! You can be beaten to death, bleed out, get poisoned, mauled, shot, etc. But what I love is how indirect it is. You can go into a forest and eat some berries, a few turns later you get some pop up text informing you that your character is vomiting. What caused that? Was it the berries? The dirty bandage giving you an infection? The water from the lake? Along with hunger, thrist, sleep deprivation, temperature and the horde of melonheads closing in the game becomes very stressful. But in the best possible way.Besides the many ways to die, the scavenging is top notch. Far better than say Fallout for the sake of argument, where you gather stuff for a while and then you're good till end game. In NEO Scavenger you need to keep scavenging to survive and you will not find guns in every house, or food in every cabin. Chances are you'll die before ever using a gun, but when you have one with the right ammo, you feel worried about using it in case it's wasted. This combined with the crafting and character skills to open up new options, makes each playthrough very different.The best part is the game isn't even done yet, so new features are being added to make this experience even better. So if you're reading this right now and you're still unsure I really reccommend you at least try the demo. I think this game is fantastic and would really sing it's praises to anyone who's looking for a challenging and realistic survival game.I'd give it a solid 8/10 so far, would be swarmed by melonheads again."
,Recommended,248860,9231608,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Kerma,Awkwardly pulling around a plastic sled full of painkillers and human corpses has never been so fun
76561198040175486,Recommended,248860,9243719,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Mushin,highly addictive
76561198077583508,Recommended,248860,9012821,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Mach0,"Amazing. The new update adds lots of depth, too."
,Recommended,248860,9015867,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Tre_Selor,"Ahhh hooked on this game, great survival game, if you are a fan of roguelikes look no further, permadeath scavenging in a wasteland, crafting. Takes getting used to, but was hooked the moment I played!"
,Recommended,248860,9016607,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Tyrell T.,"Its alot of fun, even reading out every ionch of exploration as you delve int oa city full of traders and raiders. The fighting is brutal and step by step. Not to mention having you repeatedly deal with the corpses of your victories. Amazing game."
,Recommended,248860,9019304,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Rune Zhevitz,"If you love perm-deth situations about scavanging for you life then this game is perfect, it offers a unique topdown RTS movement grid that is used to expolre and scavenge for items that you will need in the harsh enviroment of the apcolypse, this game is very remicent of Fallout, you just stepped out of the vault and have no idea about the harsh new world you stepped into.Even being a early access game, I have found a lot of joy playing Neo Scavanger, and reccomend it highly if you are a fan of the formentioned games that it draws inspiration from.8/10"
76561198047480198,Recommended,248860,9027665,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Gramz,"Beautiful game, I've put at least 24+ hrs into this game now. Keep the updates coming. :)"
76561198025410191,Recommended,248860,9030707,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Xeon,+ Very harcore and highly addictive gameplay- Flash- User Interface- No modding
76561198050098984,Recommended,248860,9037032,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,TheTims,"I will say that it was fun. Everytime you die you learn something new as in what to do and what not to do. They still however have a lot of leaps and bounds to go to make this a great game. The basis its there for a great game, they just need to make it so you cant be killed after being punched in the chest once and dieing of internal bleeding.... like what happened to me. That really bugs me since it has perma-death so I lost all five hours of gameplay I had done."
,Recommended,248860,9039549,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,RelicLord,"This game is a welcome throwback to the old style, where creating an atmosphere was more important than the pixel count of the cutscenes. Running a minimal gui and text-based descriptions of most events, the game manages to create a sense of urgency and intensity right from the first moments.This urgency stems from a sense of realism, not in the sense of arbitrary damage values or photo-realistic animations, but in the sense of hand-to-hand combat being a bloody and exhausting affair. I engaged my first human unfriendly (not to give too much away, beginning or no,) with a multi-tool knife thinking that my ""weapon"" easily beat his ""basic attack"" only to be surprised by tackles, ground fighting, and a desperate struggle that left me frantically kicking him to death rather than celebrating with some level-up mechanic. I realized that even though I thought myself armed, in reality a multitool is a terrible damn weapon. The realistic aspect here is simple and effective, and more than just the number crunching.At present build it seems like a few things could use tweaking or adding on to, but that's to be expected at this point and gives me hope that player input will keep this easily-overlooked gem on track. If the game were free, I would gladly still have donated just to see this game continue."
,Recommended,248860,9044612,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,TJ,"I'm a modern roguealike fan - even worked on a couple - as well as a fan of classic Fallout, and this game nailed it for me. The sparse writing is generally tense and flavorful, systems are accessible, and the survival and combat gameplays satisfying. It's something like Don't Starve, only you have all the time to think.Bear in mind the latest build 0.983 or some such is still rather bare: not enough NPC balance, item variety or story content to maintain my interest much beyond a few hours."
76561197962439705,Recommended,248860,9045756,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,♑₦emesis°,"I litterally learnt real-life situations of basic surviving skills at playing this game, hell yeah i'm recommending this game!"
,Recommended,248860,9047850,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,fornix,"Love survival games like this. The music goes great with the vibe of the game. Think minimal 80's soundtracks from movies like Escape From New York or Assault on Precint 13 (original). Games like this remind me of other movies I'd watch as a kid like Red Dawn and Rambo (the originals). The graphics look basic in the screenshots and that was keeping me from giving this a try, but after playing the game I'm looking at it a different way. The graphics come from your imagination and I'm fully into this game after only a few hours of playing it. I want to make a game like this."
,Recommended,248860,9073623,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Smurfnhat,"This game is fantastic.  Neo-Scavernger truly captures the feel of post-apocolyptic survival. The crafting system is innovative and versatile. It is of course still under developement, with much content still to come. It can only get better from here."
,Recommended,248860,9086361,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,clipsolo,"A great survival game. Nice graphics although a bit too complicated crafting system. The mostly text based combat feels very brutal and fits the theme spendidly. If you like turn-based rpgs or roguelikes, this might be just up your alley. But as said it's a brutal game and the things going on aren't for the faint hearted (graphically very mild though). :)"
,Recommended,248860,8344081,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,HalfYoung,"if your looking for a hardcore survival game, I would highly recommend this. with perma death causing you to restart, making you view every decision as life or death. You will have to plan ahead but no matter how much planning you do  there is always the chance of death just a hex away."
,Recommended,248860,8366837,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Austria-Hungary > Prussia,"Well, if you're into games like FTL, or df in the way you pretty much lose no matter what, this is your game!GAMEPLAY:In every way its a flash game, as most of us gamers believe, flash games suck for the most part. Though, this game is interesting and enjoyable. There are wolfdogs(kind of like a warewolf but dog instead....first encouter creature) and melonheads(science experiments gone wrong?), then you have good old raiders and looters. The AI in this game is really good! It tracks you(every time you move you have tracks layed down, and the AI can/will follow them if you dont hide them. There are skills that allow you to scavenge better, like lock picking. You can build things with machanic, etc. There is a large crafting system, vehicals to pull/push your stuff around(aka sleds, shopping carts.) So, all in all if you're like me, meaning you pinch every penny and get at least 20+hrs from every game, then this is most likely for you. 10/10 would buy."
,Recommended,248860,8098552,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Wolhaiksong,"I really enjoy this game, yet it just feels half done, looking through the forums on the devs website makes me really excited for what this game could be.  Heres to the future!"
76561198077793411,Recommended,248860,8118663,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Formzy,"tricky when you first start playing it but gets easier and more addictive every time, would definitely reccomend it."
,Recommended,248860,10045723,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Shugotenshi Eckx,"Addictive, ""one more turn"" mentality ensue's.  Neo is a rougelike zombie survival, heavy with crafting inventory managment, with the beginnings of a story just now appearing.  The game is pretty much a open worldthat you get started in with next to nothing. Based on your skills you choose at the beginning of the game you will have access to different weapons and items with varity usefulness.  The game has lots of potential and in the time that I have been playing it has made great improvments.Highly recomended."
,Recommended,248860,8626122,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Gashlycrumb,Awesome game!
,Recommended,248860,8636452,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Aeonofdeath,"I honestly thought this game was gonna blow hard but after playing the demo and giving it a try, I ended up buying the early access and haven't stopped playing it. This game is wonderful and surprisingly addicting. I'd take this game over most other games of the same genre. This proves that graphics are not what make the game. Great job!"
76561198075874227,Recommended,248860,8654593,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Usma,Very good game. Bit old fashioned graphics. But 10/10 for game mechanics.Only think i don't like is permadeath. I hate that. So i savescum.
,Recommended,248860,8658059,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Fudd Dunker,"Great game if you want to put a lot of effort into a character then have it dashed in 50 seconds, the ultimate hardcore survival.Keep up the good updates."
76561198065647822,Recommended,248860,8684739,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,AEtra,"Fun and exciting spin on realism survival genre games.Always something different to learn find or craft.The text based story presents a terrifying storytelling choose your own path style Rpg that is down right unforgiving.A lot of promise with this game, yet there are bugs that will ultimately break the immersion, rendering some games unplayable.Overall I would rate this game for its genreGameplay - 3/5 due to the numerous bugs and unfinished aspects.Graphics (experiance) - 2.5 Acceptable without hindering much in the way of immersion and effectiveness.Story - 4/5 As a mostly sandbox create your own story playstyle. I found that it was incredibly immersive."
,Recommended,248860,8686421,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Tonsta_,A really great hardcore survival game.
76561197986593337,Recommended,248860,8694750,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Ser Lyonel Baratheon,"Very much enjoyed this game and will likely play it some more. I haven't even gotten very far so far, just under 5 days of survival I believe. Much like FTL (Faster Than Light) you will find this game gives the player a number of significant choices in a world that is generated differently each time with events equally varied and random. The game has it's flaws, to be sure. And without using much of a guide thus far I still occasionally get confused or am unsure as to how some mechanic works. It has occurred once that I was in a fight I believed I was winning when all of a sudden my equipment had disappeared and I was out of battle finding myself thinking to the game ""I'm sure you're right, but why?"".All in all, the game has many possibilities to make it immersive, there are a few things to be improved on, a few minor bugs and a learning curve if you want to make your way far. But all in all, I would say this is great for a player looking for a good survival game. Much like FTL, this game isn't made for you to be the hero, or in your favor like other games where you are central to the plot. You exist on it's terms, you can't run around being all-mighty.I would also like to add that this game has static graphics to accommodate the text/UI based game so don't expect anything aesthetically amazing. The graphics accomplish what they need to accomplish, they will make the world feel complete, but not 'beautiful', and to be frank that's fine. It suits what the game is. With that said, I would also like to add that the text portions are very well written in my opinion and the events I have encountered thus far have been incredibly interesting.This game isn't for everyone. If you aren't interested in survival games I wouldn't recommend it, nor if you are looking for a beautiful game. If you believe you have the imagination however or desire to see how you'd fare in a survival game I would definitely suggest looking into the game a bit further and possibly throwing out the $10 to buy into the game."
,Recommended,248860,8697459,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,OneSnazzyBastard,"I for one am a very big fanatic of hardcore survival games such as this one, but had been surprised when I first started playing. I have been playing ""hardcore"" games for years, now. This game brings on a new definition for the word. This game is immerciful, harsh, and unforgiving. One wrong move and you could have your entire life come crashing down. You should never expect to live longer than past the night when playing this game. At first, you'll likely only live about a few hours, if not a day or two. After a while, you'll start discovering recipes, finding equipment, and even special places that do/don't have much to do with the story, such as Zom Zom's. Along the paths you take, you will have opportunities to help people, scavenge for resources, and even get in a fight or two. The entire game is ectremely difficult and is not something to be played leisurely. I do have one problem with the game, though, and that's the constant dying by ""Acute bleeding in the lungs."" It's almost become the new ""Arrow in the knee"", which can also happen, making your experience feel somewhat ironic at times. But, back to the ""Acute bleeding in the lungs"", I find that it happens much too often, making the game feel somewhat less serious. Sure, it only happens after getting whacked in the chest and stomach repeatedly, but you could imagine how annoying it would be to see that it's the only reason you die, half of the time. I would reccomend this game to any person interested in a new type of survival game. A word of warning, though; don't take off your talisman!"
76561198029145519,Recommended,248860,8704987,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,hafgrimmar,"Infuriatingly simple and yet it keeps killing me! Wonderfull game eats hours of time and still you die. Go get it, even without 'devs' it's still worth while."
76561198047120144,Recommended,248860,8710354,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,TheBlackDingus,"An unforgiving turn-based Fallout, this is an amazing game that is demanding, challenging, rewarding, and a hell of a lot of fun."
,Recommended,248860,8122037,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,RedHawk,"I've played this game for a few hours even before it came to Steam. It's a surprisingly deep and unforgiving game given its simplistic layout and art style. The flavortext is some of the best and most hilarious I've ever read, or really ever bothered to read. It's generally quite an enjoyable game, even when it's taken you over a barrel."
76561198091331962,Recommended,248860,8133857,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,A Scrake At the Door,Great game highly addicting and tons of fun. There is certainly alot of ways you can play this and its well worth the asking price.
,Recommended,248860,11292725,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,McDiezel,"Really like the realistic style of gameplay, Combat in text never has held me on the edge of my seat like this game. Has the old-school simulation feel that seems to be abandoned by all too many developers. Depending on how the development goes from here could really turn out to be an excelent game"
,Recommended,248860,11266380,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Spanktoast,"This game is incredible. The art style and movement system is Civ 3 esque, and it feels great. The events are entirely random (save for the intro), and will ALWAYS keep you on your toes. It forces you to adapt incredibly fast to situations you never saw coming, and leverage your abilities to the max. Decions can affect you miles down the road, which really causes you to think. The game has a steep learning curve, but stick with it, and you'll find endless hours of fun."
,Recommended,248860,12005616,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Nemont,"I love this game. I never could have imagined enjoying freezing to death, over and over."
76561198057586801,Recommended,248860,11975233,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Mr.Smiley,kool game but wtf am i supost to do about the wraiths i cant even get a good game in cuz the just show up then follow me every single time. ist there a trick? some one plz help. :(
76561198062350785,Recommended,248860,12089971,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,techtonik25_QC,"Incredible game. It's the best text-based game I've ever played.The variety of items, skills, ennemies and scenarios make the game thrilling and never repetitive. You actually have challenge. Tring to balance hunger, thirst and injuries all at the same time makes the game sometimes very stressful.In overall, great game. It's still in developpment, so bugs are frequent. Be sure to report them if you witness one."
,Recommended,248860,12091338,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Joey Four-Thumbs,"With this game, you need to pray long and hard to the rng-gods and hope they are feeling benevolent.  The beginning of this game is the diffrence between restart button rage, and one of the most rewarding experiences in gaming.  This is one of the best ""in-depth"" survival games out there."
76561198116130157,Recommended,248860,12079083,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,sirplanet,Ihad great fn with neo scavenger but its not exactly for everybody so he is a couple of pros and consPros:-There are many ways to change your stats and experiment with diffrent caracthers-the Rng means no two runs even with exact builds are ever alike-There is new content and patches frequently-the game contains mod support-The demo is free and you  can try it to see how the game funtions-The game is very hard but very rewardingCons:-Early access(At Time of writing)-The game plays in flash-Is text based-Rng may end up destroying a runthroug-certain encounters may kill you without warning-many skill are unbalanced (At time of writing-you will take more than a few trips to the wiki of crafting  recipes(I recomend playing the demo first to seehow much you like the game a first)Ive sunk 30+ hours into it and even though i has a few cons i still recommend it.
,Recommended,248860,11901302,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,scary pasta chef,"I really like Neo Scavenger. That's why there will be a long, LONG review on it. To Start, in even a short time of five hours, this game has left a great impression on me, from death to art style to dialogues... It's brilliant to begin with.Gameplay: You wake up in the middle of Michigan in some sort of year, in which humanity is back to the dark ages. Heal yourself, fight, scavenge, explore, talk, DAMN. And more. Every choice is better then Mass Effect's Endings and choices. DAAAAMN. 10/10Story/Quests: Survive in the apocalypse, find out who you are, DUN DUN DUN! Kinda cliche, but I will give the quests and random encounters credit. 7/10Dialogues: Pretty long, and most of the lore is delivered through it, which was somewhat of a let-down. However, the dialogue was good. I'll shame it for it's lack of a Dialogue Tree thus far. 7/10AI: The AI was great. Enemies were either cowards or knew how to fight, and their AI reflected that. With the combat system, it sets up a difficulty of COMPLEXITY, and that's either really good or bad game design. Here, it's done great. 8/10World Design: Semi-Dynamic, beautifully designed, randomly generated. It's luck, but damn good luck. 9/10Graphics: The game is set up in a 32-bit art style (I believe?), and the graphics look promising. Some shots of the world are detailed, even with 32 pixels. This game would have great graphics back in the 32-bit era, and good indie graphics. 8/10Sound: Haha. None. 0/10Music: There is a death track, thus far. Nothing special. 4/10The verdict for NEO Scavenger is an 8.75/10. It delivers well, and it's promising, even for late Early Access. Some small tweaks, and this could easily go over a 9.DayZ Review Gimmick: ""Slept in an office, robbed and left with my plastic bag. 8.75/10, would sleep again."""
76561198045469574,Recommended,248860,12114037,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Chemical_Canine,"This game looks and is low-tech, with alot of difficulty for new players. (suggest you get the demo first). That being said, this game is amazingly fun, replayabled and has ALOT of places it can expand into. If you like hardcore survival and a great challenge, I can't recommend this game enough for you. I was amazed at how many hours I put into it after awhile, and just how easy it is to get back into it for a few hours. It gives me a feeling of satisfaction when surviving fights and finding great gear, because it isn't easy. The fighting is Do or Die and one wrong slip or one strong thrust of a spear from a Bad Mutha and you're out. Once again this game is great and I hope alot of people buy and support its creator."
76561198024813100,Recommended,248860,12115137,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Tone,Feels very real and intense. If i hadn't read I wouldn't have guessed it is early access.
76561198008427022,Recommended,248860,12136566,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,XT,"Brutally unforgiving.  Rip apart your shirt to bandage your wounds, or worry about freezing to death.  Get shot by a bandit in your sleep with no chance to defend yourself.  Find out the hard way why you should keep wearing that necklace.  Or make your way in the world by stringing two branches together into a sled with your mechanical knowledge and carting old boots to the junk market, or taking up botany and brewing tea from bark, then selling it."
,Recommended,248860,11976684,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Black White,"killed a man for his cool black shoe. later had a run-in with a crazy masochistic cult. decided to join them and took part in ritualistic hoard flaying. then found a guy with some cool black armour and beat him to death with a pan.then found some guy in a trench coat and he told me a location where i could find free food. later i beat that man's child for the location of the place that he told me i could find free food. got kicked out later for being cannibal. now every time i see them i eat them. killed a demon too.10/10 would go on a boot-mugging, ritualistic-cult-flaying, pan-bashing, child-curb-stomping, cannibalistic, demon-hunting, post-apocalyptic, amnesia adventure again."
76561197994607977,Recommended,248860,12046752,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Nocebo,Kicked a blind man to death for his blue sash. Contracted blue rot then vomitted to death. 10/10
76561198062378178,Recommended,248860,12028003,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Mr. Mckenna,"a true survival experience and an old school gamers delight. Unforgiving, well realized with a great and consistant internal logic. Dying in this game is always a valuable lesson and encourages you to jump right back in. Some really creative interface design that allows for truly flexible roleplaying. Some of the writing is a bit amatureish, wondering if some of it is maybe  a placeholder? highly reccomended."
76561198027444680,Recommended,248860,11984212,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Doom2299,Very fun game 9/10
76561197986040962,Recommended,248860,12015458,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Erikwa3290,"Killed a man for his left shoe and a pcoket full of rocks.would murder again.GREAT GAME. would highly recommend.*using public beta*only bad notes I have:story is a bit non existant. ( in development)not nearly enough locations of interest. ( hopefully in develpoment )not nearly enough items and NPCS (hopefully more to come soon)difficulty curve is too easy*wining combo*melee, strong, and a fire hardend spear. even dogmen will fall 'nieth your mighty unmatched boots! :Dover all, worth the money, just wish updates came quicker"
76561198054385691,Recommended,248860,11828149,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Bowa54100,"Well I did waste 4 almost five hours on it in one day sooooooo YASpoiler AlertDO NOT TAKE OF THAT DAMN NECKLACE UNLESS YOU ARE READY TO DIE, NOT A JOKE"
76561197993541814,Recommended,248860,12102653,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Lyssis,Sort of like eating at Zom Zom's. You keep coming back for more.
,Recommended,248860,11954664,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Vladimir Pootis,"This game is a combination of Fallout, Don't Starve and Gonohrrea.(Whatever you do DO NOT TAKE THE TALISMAN OFF)"
,Recommended,248860,12174190,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,BluefoxKitsune,"This game is great! I have died many a time to disease, malnutrition and hypothermia, but all in all it taught me lessons on how to play. Sleeping bag in early game. Food is important, as are medical supplies. But most of all, PURIFY WATER BEFORE YOU DRINK IT!"
,Recommended,248860,11491476,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,alvinamaru,"This game is awesome, I can't wait to see where this game is headed, and I'm  sure I'll still be around to enjoy the journey!"
76561198125904040,Recommended,248860,11509472,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,SomeHomo,I've already recommended this one to a few of my friends. No flashy graphics here but there's a lot of depth in the gameplay. A true survival game that'll have you frustrated but not afraid to start a new game after a quick end when you thought you were doing so well.If you hate going simply by reviews then I suggest you try their demo. I played the demo for two straight days before I purchased the game. I will say that there's things in the full game that are not in the demo that'll make your playthrough even more enjoyable.Recommended: Yes
,Recommended,248860,11139998,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,nur bot,Worth 10 dollars. try the demo first to see if you like it. I think you will.
,Recommended,248860,10885969,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,nolubedave,"Probably the best survival game I have ever played. Love the turn based system, and combat is always fun."
,Recommended,248860,11297040,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,MoshiMoshi,"It's a excellent game, it's like a roleplay rpg adventure in the computer!"
76561197994031226,Recommended,248860,11464682,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Hellboy561,"Fantastic game, basically you die alot.. And I do mean alot, but the adventure and the story that you will have with your nameless badman as he traverses the wastlelands beating people to death with sticks and eating them later, or spending the last moments of daytime scavenging for some food or water to make it through the night.This is a game for those with an imangination to run wild and frolic during the warm days and to cower in a hole on the cold nights...bleeding...alone...and of course eventually, dying.Overall though, it plays well, I have had no (maybe one) crashes and it has such a high replayabilty (I play alot offline) I would highly reccomend"
76561198108386060,Recommended,248860,11474206,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Solarshot43,"This game is really amazing. A rogue like that is as amazing if not more (and it is more) amazing that CataclysmDDA. If you enjoy roguelikes than you absolutly NEED to play this game. Definatly try the demo out if your not to sure also. This game still has a little more to go untill its completed, but at the momment it is still amazing."
,Recommended,248860,11278606,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Lany,I hope they will continue making this good game be better and better. 10/10
76561198091814109,Recommended,248860,11227091,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Bringer of Death,"I loved this game, at first i could never get very far. But eventually i could hold my own against most things. It's very frustrating when you get all set and things are running smoothly until some guy just takes your head off with a .308, but i guess that's just one of the challenges and risks"
,Recommended,248860,11284601,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,seriouskicker,Like it! but it gets annoying when you have all discovered and done. Nothing to do anymore...
,Recommended,248860,11437657,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Mr. Executive War Elephant,"Great Game. If you at least spend some good time on it and love survival games, you'll love it. It's basically civilization V with survival."
,Recommended,248860,12197652,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Fessenden,"It's 3 AM, and I have work in the morning.This game is fantastic, and delivers exactly what it promises - an unforgiving turn-based wasteland, where drinking the wrong water or talking to the wrong person can kill you. You have customizable character traits that matter. Your choices directly and usually immediately affect your survival. This is the first time I've played a game in alpha and not felt like it was in alpha. Play this game."
76561198024783934,Recommended,248860,12175716,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,milney,are you a cannible do you want to die of pooing to much yes well this game is the one for you
,Recommended,248860,12186634,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,thewar364,Played a demo build which made me want to support the developer but even though I liked the game as it still is being made it's got a bit stagnant. Can't wait until it's finished as I look forward to re-visiting it
76561197971878112,Recommended,248860,12169890,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,BigStrongMike,"It's a text adventure with a GUI.It's a bit more complicated than it need to be, which makes it a bit less fun than it needs to be.It has a ton of potential, it just isn't living up to it at the moment due to the complicated combat system which i had to trip over just to die. I am looking forward to seeing how it shapes up though because it does have a ton of potential. As it is now though the price tag does not match the quality.UPDATE::!! While I feel that in this early stage the game can be frustrating, I feel it is very akin to the original wasteland, and part of the charm is this difficulty. The world map seems quite large and if you sit down with determination you can kick some♥♥♥♥♥even if you're only wearing one boot and wielding a small stick. Also the developer Daniel is the first one to comment back to me on my reviews and he did so in less than a day so it shows he cares about the game, Kudos."
,Recommended,248860,12176816,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Darkness,"This game in a nutshell is fallout through the bandits eyes,10/10 would bang this game"
76561198058097742,Recommended,248860,21416479,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,PartyBoi,You might die your first try.10/10
,Recommended,248860,21262763,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Niggachu,"It's hard, tough and unforgiving, but when you finally get your ultimate skillset there is no one who can stop you (exept melonhead plz fex felfe).I mostly run: strong, melee lockpicking and hacking.Sure there is some RNG involved and if you dont like the fact that there is some in it, dont buy it then. But if  you can look over that fact and have some love for indie and survival games. This is DEFINITELY a game for you.You have to start over a lot of times and find ways to make the game easier for you. One bad choice can ruin everything you worked so hard for.In my opinon, this is a great game, 8/10But hey, thats just my opinion."
,Recommended,248860,30713735,Posted: 24 March,all,BigBegin,may not look like much but its a great game
76561198064322239,Recommended,248860,30715201,Posted: 24 March,all,Butterlord,"I really enjoy this game but it seems like it can't decide whether it's a roguelike driven game or a story driven game, as there are multiple story events where some will kill you outright. So you must start over. (unless you used file explorer to make a back up save)In addition, the demo is a horrible representation of the game and doesn't really do the game justice. While I recommend trying the demo anyways, looking up gameplay videos would be a much better option.Still an enjoyable game"
76561198011722709,Recommended,248860,21490536,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Funkhauser,Fun game but I'm tired of losing my saves. Buy on sale.
76561198188715628,Recommended,248860,17002032,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,damatofa,Fantastic game. highly recomended! Infinite replay value.
,Recommended,248860,17293862,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Neogenex,"Game is a lot of fun... when its not being brutal as hell. ;)If there was a 5 star rate, I would give it a 3.5 star rating. If they had a ""save"" feature that you could control, then it would be a 5 star."
,Recommended,248860,17301353,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,TorbaDun,"The game, which really teaches you - what things ensure the survival in the wild. In this sense, the best investment of your money in Steam."
,Recommended,248860,17230026,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,noizeknight,RIFTS and Gamma World pen and paper RPG feel here...LOVE IT.
76561198044185317,Recommended,248860,21180288,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,The Arbiter™,"Frighteningly realistic. Can be difficult to get into but very hard to put down. Story is vague, and you have to pick it up in pieces. Character creation needs some work still, but it's fine. Some of the permadeath aspects can really suck, like how in certain encounters 2 out of the 4 choices will kill you. However this is compensated for with beautiful writing and detail. Combat is one of the best aspects of the game, it feels fresh, rewarding, and pretty realistic. Your first playthrough and your later playthroughs will have such a big difference, it's crazy. If you can't afford the kind of big price tag, I recommend the demo at the least. That has the combat."
76561198039471080,Recommended,248860,21194383,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,codadun,"The best word for this game is 'harsh', I reckon. It just doesn't care about you if you screw up.This makes it incredibly satisfying to succeed in.Gameplay wise scavenging is gritty and engaging, combat is incredibly serious, and crafting is pretty satisfying.The UI is pretty weak, especially in crafting and managment, but it all works fine once you suss it out.The story has been pretty compelling so far. I was blown away by how they executed Detroit, I haven't seen anything quite like it before. That said I have only managed to get to it once, and it seems a sort of first stop for the plot to really start rolling.If you like survival games give it a crack!"
76561197980382977,Recommended,248860,21176995,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,EasyToHate,"One of the only real survival games out there, where it is actually differcult just staying alive. if you are not fending off mad men with meatcleavers, or strangers with bows whering flipflops.. you might be surrounded by a pack of wild dogs, terring you apart while you where sleeping in a collapsed ruin..if that does not get you, mabey the cold or just some seemingly harmless berries wil sure end your days."
,Recommended,248860,21198997,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,ƤƸƮ,"Be Smeagol and you'll do just fine, Hoard everything, eat everyone, and never let go of your precious bronze talisman."
76561197999443729,Recommended,248860,19815632,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Sorakai,"Surprisingly addictive, especially considering how soul-destroying it is when you die JUST when you finally found a plastic sled and made your first proper bow and arrows."
76561198144584547,Not Recommended,248860,19149405,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,ridikhood123,its okay but i tryed to fight a enemy wouldent let me and i had a spear
76561198043862145,Recommended,248860,19942826,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,The Wee Wee Wrangler,"I bought this game years ago when I was riding the hype train of nuclear wasteland survival games, and I enjoyed it fully. A great small survival game, its a great game to play when you dont have any internet in a long plane, train or bus ride. It holds much potential, and it is very entertaining with a rather unique and innovative system of inventory and items. Its only real downside is that the map is rather small, and it makes the game become a little stale after a few playthroughs. Otherwise, great game."
76561198041075197,Recommended,248860,19993037,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,trick daddy,good game right here
76561197996888600,Recommended,248860,20007145,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,TheDeadpool,"An excellent starting point for a game or game universe. The difficulty and permadeath force the player to think critically about every move, and get creative with their strategy. There's just enough plot and depth to prove the concept. I hope for more."
,Recommended,248860,19948099,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Krampus,Best sim of being homeless in modern Detroit ever.
76561198153312551,Recommended,248860,19981979,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,~TheRedPanda~,A must play for all of the survival geaks out there in the world and if you want to play a better game then play project zomboid. I rate 5 stars!
76561197969605977,Recommended,248860,20326947,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Dobsy,All the fun and frustration of a perma death rogue like RPG with the most evocative comabt system I have ever seen in a turn based game.
,Recommended,248860,17797360,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,DoesUntoOthers,"Awesome game. BUY IT! You most likely won't regret it, assuming you are interested in buying it after seeing the screenshots. The writing is all excellent. Will you see how much can you discover about yourself before you die? Or just see how long you can survive. Either way, prepare to die. The first time you have a few guns and start to really feel safe, only to die from dehydration, you'll truly appriciate this game."
76561198092329613,Recommended,248860,20388244,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Hammerhand,"Neo Scavenger is a one of a kind game! It is a story driven roguelike survival simulation! It is very difficult, but gets easier as you play."
76561197979445063,Recommended,248860,20322190,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,NerdsHalfLife,Fun to see what happens due to your actions.
,Recommended,248860,19903936,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Löjtnant Gräddfil.,"It's cool, has alot of depth to it. Remember in like survival games when you think ""If this was real I would've just done this and that"" Well this game offers alot of things like that. And to all the people who blame the game for not having enough content, you could always download mods for it. It takes literally no more than 10 seconds to install a mod that adds way more content like weapons, clothes, gear, new locations etc."
76561198056273296,Recommended,248860,20465287,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,taom,great game
76561198161268717,Recommended,248860,20422631,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,dosily,"the Demo is ""easy"" compared to the full version of this game ....don't fool yourself that this is an easy game based on the DEMO or the graphics / 2-D story type of gameThis is by far the most Challenging Survival (non-zombie) game I've ever played ... I highly recomend this to anyone looking for a challenage .... and for those who want an ""easy"" run may i suggest picking STRONG, TOUGH, MELEE, and of course TRAPPING with that start you'll  ........ [SPOILER ALERT] ..........you'll get the BEST Fur coat in the game, heck I've even run around with only that on and STILL don't get cold (used the lab clothes for rags and string)was this review too long? hope not .... does this count as a review in the first place? who knows i just hope you have as much fun as I've had"
,Recommended,248860,20269605,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,AzViz,I killed a guy because I wanted his shopping cart.Best Hobo Simulator.
,Recommended,248860,20315048,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Harmless Hawk,"I made it. I finally had made it big, and was loaded for bear.$1,000 in my pockets, with bullets to spare. I was making my way back to the DMC, happier than you could even think. I had made plans. I was going to sell these spare bullets, and buy a real gun and maybe some night vison goggles. I was going to be unstopable, moreso than I already was. Hell, already people were running as soon as I got in the same area as they were.Like a fool, I traveled at night, with nothing out to help me see. Suddenly, I was attacked. I took cover and laughed. ""Probably some Bad Mutha trying to kill me, I'll show him,"" I thought as I readied my new-found bow, and fired into the night mist. The arrows wizzed by, missing anything that could possibly be near. Suddenly, a fist slammed into my face, and in that second I was able to make out my attacker. I wasn't lucky enough to get a Ba Mutha or a random looter, but instead my attacker wore a hospital gown. A Blue Frog.I wasn't able to ready my crowbar quick enough, and found myself on the recieving end of a beat down. I managed to crack my crowbar on the man's head a few times, which would normally kill anyone else. At one point, the man went down, and I had a choice. I could have run, and possibly gotten out fine, but I was a fool.""I've gotten so far. This jerkoff won't be the end of me,"" I thought to myself, as I readied the crowbar, intending for it to pierce the man's skull. Instead, I found myself back on the ground, the crowbar and bow out of my reach. The man had somehow gotten the advantage again, and as I found myself slowly losing my wits, blood, and for that matter my life, I only had one thought.""I was so close. Why did I have to die like this?"""
76561197972736995,Recommended,248860,18977058,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Vitruvian Stick Figure,"I was honestly extremely skeptical about this game for its appearance and price tag. However, that skepticism turned out to be about as valid as trying to say that FTL isn't a good game because its graphics are primitive—the actual gameplay is masterful. I have been at this non-stop for maybe ten hours, and there's still obvious signs of endless story left. If you are the kind of person who plays Fallout New Vegas on Hardcore, has ever played a game of Rifts in your life, ever went on an Outward Bound and found it a little too tame, or just appreciates an all-consuming survival horror game; then this is for you. If it's on sale, it's definitely for you; but I've paid more for games I've liked a lot less!"
,Recommended,248860,17224249,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Hansag,Awesome! :)
76561198031451027,Recommended,248860,17326792,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Bullet Bishop,The combat leaves somthing to be desired.The rest is fun.But hard.sigh.
76561198054006879,Recommended,248860,17555147,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,pa267,"This game... please, just get it already!!"
76561198039768941,Recommended,248860,17592337,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Criggles,Really fun game. Very challenging. Everytime I die I become more determined to go further. You will most likely die a lot. Or maybe I suck. It's still fun though. :)
76561198024141258,Recommended,248860,17772425,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Stormtrooper,"I've played this game for fifteen hours now, not very far into it. I can make a few assertions about the game quality however. First allow me to state this fits into my desired game ""style"" very well. Turn-Based and Survival and two of my favorite types of games - this has both. Perma-death is also another great feature of the game. Namely, the sense if you die you have to start over is a great motivator to be extra careful while scavenging.The combat mechanics take a bit of getting used to, but once you have them down it's fairly easy to ""manipulate"" the encounter to be in your favor. Naturally you don't want to attack everything you see, sometimes it's wiser to stay hidden and let the group of guys with guns walk past you.The crafting system is great, it's very well thought out. I love having the ability to make a tarp shelter and after I'm done sleeping breaking it down and collecting my tarp and string to be able to move along with a smaller load.Scavenging for supplies is well done, the mechanic is both rewarding and frustrating at the same time - mainly when you're looking for something specific and keep getting trash.On my last play through I was horrifically murdered by the shop keeper. All I did was try to sell him cured human flesh, is that really so wrong?"
,Recommended,248860,16800834,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,gaymerboi,"Probably one of the best if not best survival games I've ever played.I played the demo for a few months on Blue Bottle Games site and I fell in love with it, I spent hours playing, crafting, getting as far as I could then starting all over again. Finally I begged my Mom for 10$ and purchased the full game. I play on my Macbook Pro and I am not dissapointed with the full version at all.PROS:- Randomly generated map with each new game (different potential situations and outcomes)- Charming and beautiful graphics and sountrack- Indepth and intruging storyline, very well written and executed- Skills, crafting and survival elements are realistic and very satisfying for survival fans- Easy interface/controls- Hours of gameplay with hundreds of random encounters from enemies and items to findCONS:- Can't save a long running game and later continue it which sucks because I would really like to progress further in the story instead of dying repeatedly and needing to start overOVERALL: 7/10"
,Recommended,248860,16559806,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Theinsomniac,">Run into guy with Yukon backpack and bow>Decide to rob him>Guy has no arrows for his bow, I'm armed with a spear. Fight takes two seconds and he's knocked out>Take his bow and backpack, but decide to show mercy and leave my spear with him (wont be needing it now, planning to maker arrows at next campsite) to give this poor NPC ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ a shot>Get a few hexes away from my unconcious victim and set up camp, make arrows, prepare for next day.>Get woken up in the middle of the night by sounds around my campsite, cant see♥♥♥♥♥♥>Keep looking around to see anything>Suddenly I see the spear I left behind, it's in my chest.>♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ hit me straight in the heart.>I die instantly.10/10 would die by karma again.A really fun survival game set in a post apocalyptic world that's got a pretty unique form of apocalypse (or at least I don't think I've seen many other games with this sort of apocalypse) surviving in this world is challenging, food and water are hard to come by, and eating anything that wasn't cleaned properly could screw you over in the long run. The combat system is pretty interesting (altough I wish they'd impliment a different stamina system, so you wouldn't feel like taking a nap right after caving a mutants skull in). The story I described earlier is completley unscripted and just happened all on its own, as are pretty much all of the stories in the review, they might not happen to you personally but you'll probably have your own unique story of that one awesome/hilarious death. I definitley recommend the game to anyone who wants a challenging survival experience."
76561198088625760,Recommended,248860,16512013,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,mastergmoore,"This is one of the harder games I've played. You really need to think out how you are going to play and act on the way you built up your character from the beginning. You can never be fully prepared. Even if you make it to the end of the game, a randome guy can still sneak up on you and wail you with a rock... and then the screen just cuts black and the games over. No single playthrough will be identical to the last.Personal note: This is just about as real as it gets when it comes to survival games."
,Recommended,248860,16635579,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Orestias,"Have played several rounds now, but unfortunately, feral dogs keep giving me sepsis, and I die a slow and painful death in drawn out dog battles with glass shivs.10/10, would reccomend."
,Recommended,248860,16645292,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Chattox,"After spending an in-game day or two barely subsisting on squirrels, I spotted a military looking guy near my camp. I hid and spied on him, he hadn't seen me. I creeped up behind him and managed to get the jump on him with my crowbar. He went down like a sack of potatoes and now all his shiny army gear was mine. I am the master of the wasteland!I then spent the next 3 days being relentlessly tracked and hunted by his 2 army buddies who eventually caught up to me, shot me in the gut, stripped all my gear and left me to bleed out :(10/10, incredibly detailed survival simulator randomly generated for a different playthrough every time. Only issue is some slight UI clunkiness."
,Recommended,248860,13956730,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,NikkiGump,I have never enjoyed freezing to death so much.10/10
76561198022916953,Recommended,248860,13962022,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Steven M,Fantastic!Only played a few hours but is extremely addictive.Great for folk who like a challange
76561197987630436,Recommended,248860,14078740,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Machine,NEO Scavenger: the game where finding a plastic grocery bag makes you feel unstoppable. 9/10 buy it
,Recommended,248860,14156961,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,DOPAMEME NOMAD,I HAVE NEVER CRIED SO MUCH AFTER PLAYING A GAME BEFORE. IT IS A RUTHLESS AND HEARTLESS GAME. 10/10 WOULD PLAY AGAIN!
,Recommended,248860,14134673,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Ghōst Kagé,An amazing turn based survival game. The combat is very realistic and brutal and the survival aspects are awesome. Despite the graphical style it feels more vivid to me than games like Fallout. I definitely recommend you try at least the demo for this and utilize the NEO Scavenger Wiki to learn tactics and things to make. The developer should be very proud of themselves they have created a masterpiece!
,Recommended,248860,12732926,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,ライスファーマー,Beat a poor naked man for his plastic empty water bottle.10/10
,Recommended,248860,14146567,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,sol,"One of my favorite rougelike games in recent memory.I actually really enjoyed learning all the mechanics of survival, and going from only being able to survive for less than a day reliabily to learning how to survive for days and weeks on end was really rewarding.I must have spent 30 hours learning the systems, and around 2-3 hours for a winning run. I only wish that there was more content: it felt like the game was only just getting started by the time I had won. Then again, I guess it does make sense to end the game when you're getting a run to the point where you're pretty self sufficiant. It could get a bit boring otherwise."
76561198035801560,Recommended,248860,13404372,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,curiouscollect,"All-righty, nothing like waking up from a nice long cryo slumber with nothing but a hospital gown, a wrist-Band, and a 1970's medallion to your name. Then immediately being assailed by a cross between Cujo and Hulk Hogan, which causes you to flee for your life into the wastelands  of Detroit...(Which oddly enough is a lot like present day Detroit). It is all good for a while drink a little scavenged H2O and some berries ( I suggest the Botany Skill ). Ahh yes you can feel the rumble in your tunny as the unfiltered and tainted water begins to take it's toll. Soon you are crapping blood and running for your life to find the nearest tree so you can prolapse your♥♥♥♥♥♥, congratulations in the not so distant future amoebic dysentery is alive and well . After crapping yourself into the who's who book of The Screaming Squats, you realize you are now suffering from hypothermia...but it is ok you can pretty much scavenge , salvage, and construct most anything. That is of course if the Melon-Heads, and Bad Mutha do not find you and make you ""Squeell Like a Big Boy! CAUSE YOU SURE DO GOTS A PERTTY MOUTH!"". MAYBE YOU LOOSE IT AND AXE MURDER THE WHOLE LOT OF THEM WHILE THEY SLEEP...!Just do not eat them, eating human meat is for Punks...dont be a Punk, harvest a berry or eat a shroom....then start beating feat again...Just understand you are gona die...maybe you'll freeze or starve, or crap yourself to death, get eaten, electrocuted....who knows,but it will happen....But it is OK, because this is one fun as hell game...It will not try to dazzle you with BS, no super flashy graphics to hide the fact that it sux more than a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ named Eureka..No, see because if you took this game from Samuel L Jackson and dropped it in a bag of other games, and then same told you to give him his Sh*% back and you asked which one was his...Sam would tell you...It is the game that has Bad Mutha f%$#$% written on it. Listen if you have 15 or so bucks do yourself a favor and buy this game, buy it play it and then watch your character die horribly and love enjoy it."
,Recommended,248860,13437149,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Banjo570,"NEO Scavenger is an amazing game, if you like its genre. I absolutly love this game but im still getting into it. I love the possibilities and I love the punishing deaths, one mistake can lead to your death soon after.Although this is not a thrilling game with action, the combat takes place in a textbox, so if you don't like the sound of that don't buy NEO Scavenger.Best £7 spent on steam"
,Recommended,248860,16219336,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Excession,"I keep coming back to this game, it is really good.You need to be able to handle the perma death situation, or you WILL hate this game. I love my rogue likes and this is sometimes very frustrating.BUT so good for daddy."
76561197996967477,Recommended,248860,16267080,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Tarrot Cards,"Awesome game. Definatly a ""one more turn...."" game. Crafting can be tedious but once you learn it, you basicly can craft your beggining gameplay style within the 10-15 turns before the first night.The combat system is unique in that it's 1D so basicly you are only concerned with spacing between you and your opponent, sounds too simple? You can have a fight go from throwing rocks at each other, to a knockdown drag-out fight, then the next moment you are choking the enemy to death and passing out on top of him due to blood loss.....zzzzzz....zzzzzz... You wake up and fibnish choking the enemy. End turn. You enter another encounter. No sight on enemy, next move ""scan for enemy"", ""You have been hit brutally in the chest with a .45 fmj."", ""You are caughing up blood!"", ""You have died due to internal hemorhaging.""You can play this game and die, and still be laughing your♥♥♥♥♥♥off. Its a great game. You can also be 9/10th towards your goal and die of salmanale poisening that leads to vomiting on an open field area with no shelter as rain sets in. You died from not boiling an egg in turn #4, on turn like #200. START ANOTHER GAME!!!!!*Don't trust people who cough on you.*The strange meat is always human meat*Boil your water like Waterboy taught you.*Shards of glass and tarps will quickly become more involved in your life then ever before.*Item materiel quality = weapon durability = win"
,Recommended,248860,16270787,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,dick,Would get exiled from Detroit for a whole year againWould kill for shoes againWould eat human meat againWould run away from dogman againWould die from hypothermia againWould kill frog men and bad muthas againWould run from mosquito men againWould abosolutely play this game again10/10
76561197966303599,Recommended,248860,16817601,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Humbug,"Despite its aged graphics and less than perfect UI this is a real gem of a post apocalyptic survival game. It can be truly unforgiving, but that to me was one of the things that drew me into the world of NEO Scavenger. The survival aspect is a lot more engaging to me than most other survival type games I've played, and you quickly learn to pick your battles very carefully. Just like in reality, a single wound can end up killing you if you're careless and don't have access to modern medicine, and nature itself can be equally lethal. This is something I've found to be missing from most other survival games.The story is fairly interesting as well, but some of the choice based encounters are a bit harsh. And losing a character that survived for a long time in one of those is rarely fun. Still, the game kept drawing me back in until I had beaten it, and I'm looking forward to what the developer has in store for us next.If you want a challenge, love the roguelike aspect of dead is dead in a post apocalyptic setting and can look past the graphics then you can't really go wrong with this game."
,Recommended,248860,16832898,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Ian,"♥♥♥♥ yeah.  This game is great so far and I've only put 32 hours into it.  I haven't touched any mods yet.  Very excited to play it again and I've been dreaming about it (daydreaming and night dreaming).  I've only even used two sets of perks that were closely related (strong, melee, medic, trapping, athletic).If you like games like FTL, 7 Days to Die, X-Com, get it.  If you're on the fence, get it."
,Recommended,248860,16489706,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Stuffthestuff,"Highly recomended, this game lets you do a lot that, at surface level it does not apper that it would be deep enough to allow.Example: I had just reached a little shack in the woods, I was a little low on provisions, so I desided to camp there for a little while so i could try to find water and food. While I was there two looters with guns came by and tryed to steal my stuff. I, naturaly, tryed to stop them. After all that was all my stuff. They shot me a couple of times, and while a was sitting on the floor looseing blood they made off with my backpack full of stuff and most of my medical equipment. I dressed my wounds as best I could, and went to get some water and something to eat. I was banged up, but I would live. Then as i was headed back to my shack, I eat some poisonous berries and died.If you think that sounds frustrating, it was, but that is not the games fault, it was mine. You learn from your mistakes and you get better, could not recomend this game any more than I am right now, buy it."
76561198067636323,Recommended,248860,16456036,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,TsundereBaka ⇋HG-A⇌,"A game where you take shoes from the grasp of dead peoples feet, and then afterwards eat them. Then get killed by a tribal man who has much better shoes than you.Sh10e/10- Best hobo simulator to date, even rich people would be hobos."
76561198230140808,Recommended,248860,17965230,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Balthazar the Diabolical,"You wake up from a cryo sleep.You look around and suddenly you're attaked by a massive hairy werewolf like creature.What do you do?Do you run out the window like a coward? Do you use your nerd skills to hack the door to shut? Do you use your medical prowess to unfreeze another cryo sleeper and use him as a live bait?If you are like me you'll choose secret option 4: Beat the living daylights out of it, video record the beating and then procede to skin him and run around Post-Apocalyptic Michigan wearing his flayed hide for as long as you can.""As long as you can"" = Death by cholera. Day 3 (but maybe you'll have better luck!)Pretty much Oregon Trail meets the Walking Dead, this Post Apocalyptic romp will have you dying millions of times but trust me, you'll learn to love it (in a non-masochistic way, of course. Lets keep things PG)Perfect game for people who like survival games.Only down side was the poorly directed objectives, but hey, it's a survival game not an rpg, SURVIVE is enough of a goal for me.Happy hunting.P.S. Nevereverever take off that amulet around your neck unless you want a cool way to comit suicide.Trust me. I know things."
76561198083553253,Recommended,248860,17944228,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,russ.xxxxxx,Linux compatability issues: You must manually copy your save before you shut steam down or else you will lose it (flash problem). I lost my first good character because of this./home/user_name/.macromedia/Flash_Player/#SharedObjects/3YMKX74Y/localhost/home/user_name/.steam/steam/steamapps/common/NEO ScavengerOtherwise a fun game aside from the clunky UI.
,Recommended,248860,16911779,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Rkurnelm,"Wake up out of cryo tube ""What the hell?"".Howl from down the hall ""Time to fight"".Make badass parka from corpse of now dead dogman.Leave the cryo storage lab to begin my adventure. ""Damn rain""Go to neaby trashed city to explore. ""PHATS Here I come""Explore nearby house.  ""Anyone home?""Building falls apart with me in it ""Owww""No lootGo back to lab to heal wounds.It is surrounded by a few dogs and looters.Die horribly.Would survive a house falling on me just to get beat by a bunch of scrubs again 10/10"
76561198116946962,Recommended,248860,16920912,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,AudioMedic,"This game will rip you into pieces if you haven't watch someone play it or do some wiki research beforehand.I decided to go long range so it might be easier on me. I killed everything in my path with ease, but then they started coming into packs of wild dogs!two at a time? no sweat! another consecutive dog after the two? I can make it!A dogman afterwards? Wtf game?Another consecutive dogman. Running outta ammo...A third consecutive dogman? ♥♥♥♥! WTH!isdedNext run:I can do it!A pack of 2 dogs at the beginning. Alright I'll run away.Retreat into a bad mutha with a rifle. No problem he probably doesn't have bullets, as usual.fall back to throw stones at him. Get shot and instantly dead...You win game! I give up!!!............Lemme just play a bit more..."
76561198064798766,Recommended,248860,17472929,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,ArticWolfGamer,very fun and detailed game
,Recommended,248860,17697561,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,alp,amazing!
76561197993301119,Recommended,248860,17732999,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,nickd007,"This game is brutal. It is unkind and unforgiving and sometimes it is straight up mean. Sometimes whatever God is left in the NEO Scavenger world decides that you looked at him funny, and so he introduces you to pain and anguish and misery. But in the event that God does not doom you to such a fate, you will find in this world amazing potential and unique adventures.You will learn what fear is. Fear will guide you away from conflict. Away from that man, from those dogs, from that Dogman. You fancy yourself a proud fighter? Proud men die. Fear will keep you on your toes, will check any scrape and cut meticulously, will get you home by nightfall.You will learn what hunger is. You'll find yourself starving, losing energy, panicking. Maybe you'll trap a squirrel for a snack. Or beat a feral dog to death for some real meat. Maybe you'll take a step back and wonder how things got this way - huddled in some burnt out building, greedily eating packets of ketchup and saltines, washing them down with questionable river water. You might even find yourself in an unthinkable situation. You might manage to hold your own against a bandit. He came upon you while you were sleeping and tried to loot your camp. You woke, and he punched your head in a panic. You stand and brandish a crowbar. He turns to run, but he trips. You seize the opportunity. You strike. Again and again. Soon his blood rushes from his crushed head. And only then do you realize how hungry you are.tl;dr buy it."
76561198007338655,Recommended,248860,15838262,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Fedai9,"Best new game I ever had time to play. Always fresh, fun, and in depth. Easy to pick up, put down, and pick back up again. (Don`t read a guide!!!)Thanks for teaching me that I can wear a plastic bag as a backpack in real life."
76561198126404018,Recommended,248860,17622091,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,hairyballbastic,"Never in a apocalypse game have I felt completely and utterly ♥♥♥♥ed. This game is very fun and challenging at multiple points, It requires advanded planning with your skills,items and locations."
76561198014701844,Recommended,248860,17509865,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,MrNiceGuy,Nice
76561197966733722,Recommended,248860,17521063,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,OnAPaleHorse,"Great game, I played the demo for months before I actually bought the game, and I have to say it is well worth it. Its a strategy survival game that you can play at your own pace, no two games will be the same due to the random terrain generation and item placement.My suggestion: be a tough botanist trapper who knows his ranged weapons, but has insomnia."
76561197978297402,Recommended,248860,17643016,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Rotring,"Nifty little clicker great for all us survival geeks. Does not look like much at first, but the depth is quite impressive. The writing and ""story"" is great, and some of the random encounters are top notch.I mostly die, and have not even gotten close to the endgame, but each and every new playthrough is a new story with new challenges.I recomend this game to everyone who likes survival games, because this one is a golden nugget. And the price is quite allright aswell!"
,Recommended,248860,17480824,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,T H I C C S U C C,nutz
