user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,249050,8009654,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Michael Wilson,"Warning: The following was composed while the game was released inAlpha 0.1.0.Please understand that the game is still in development and when the game is updated the information in this review may be obsolete. When the development surpasses Alpha 0.1.0you may be able to use this review tocompare how the game has changed over development.IntroductionRogue-like games are normally games which offer some form of level randomization and permanent death; your character dies and you must either start over or keep going until everything is lost. These types of games are normally unforgiving.If you have an interest in Rogue-like games and think that an intermixed concept of base defense is a good idea, keep reading. If you do not like traditional Rogue-like games where it is turn based, you might still like this since it is a hybred of turn-based and real-time with a pause feature. However if you do not like either concept of Rogue-like “permadeath” or base defense you may want to consider doing more research or finding something else.Also with a Rogue-like game the graphics are not normally the main focus, thus if you are turned off by anything below 3D graphics you should consider something else.This will be a breakdown of concept and features, atmosphere and stability.Concept / FeaturesThe concept of mixing Rouge-like with base defense is interesting; it gives an interesting way to progress. Including Dungeon of the Endless uses real-time with waves verse the traditional turn based method.Right now the game has three available resource types, Food, Dust (energy) and Industry (tech). Food is used to recruit new members to your team, heal them and level them up. Industry is used to create defenses in powered rooms. Dust is used in two ways first to buy things from random merchants and to power rooms beyond the starting room with the core. Dust currently resets every level while Food and Industry do not.Progressing in the dungeon you will have to make decisions on if it is correct to save Food to heal or on the chance to recruit someone or even to level someone up. The current max level is five and five makes a large difference verses a level one however it is expensive.The player will have to decide what rooms to open to since they will not have enough Dust to supply all the rooms at the start. When you have access to merchant the player will have to decide if they are going to give up Dust used for defenses to buy equipment or sell equipment for dust. Defenses can be used to also increase your income while exploring.Progression also at this time also includes finding chests and blueprints for building new defenses.The interface is rather clean and easy to use after you have it down. It also allows short-cut keys while building defenses, so you can hold shift and click to place multiple defenses instead of reusing the menu.The game also employs a monster wave system, where waves occur over time from unpowered rooms. Thus if the room remains unpowered monsters come from the vast darkness to kill the team.The overall objective is to find the room to the next level and then move the core there using one of the heroes to do so. You will find that the rooms begain to lose power while doing this and waves of monsters start to show up to stop you.AtmosphereOverall the feeling is deployed correctly for alpha; the story is short and sweet and not overly lengthy or bulky. Basically your team of two is on a ship and become stranded and must progress through the dungeon. The generated two characters the player start with have a slight background to have the player interested and give a hint on how they should be used to progress.The graphics are a very nicely done pixel art format, with effects and seem to pay homage to older graphical related Rouge-likes very well. Personally I found the graphics enjoyable.Music was interesting and seems to fit well with the current atmosphere of the game however it may become bland unintentionally over extended play.StabilityOverall the game /did not/ hang or crash on older machines that lacked the graphics requirement. I tried on older desktop machines and laptops under windows Vista and Windows 7; it was pretty efficient and was not a complete resource hog on the system. I also did not run into any critical errors which cased instability and the program failed to run. While I’m unable to speak for everyone and their systems it seems to be overall pretty solid. Most of the time games in alpha or beta still are unstable while this game seems to be nicely polished in respect to stability in the listed windows environments.ConclusionI would currently recommend this to someone who is /interested and willing/ to try a Rogue-like combined with base defense which is implemented in hybred fasion of real-time and turn-based. This game will most likely have a very interesting development process from Amplitude Studios and I look forward to it.Work HistoryPosted: Dec 11, 2013 @ 6:09pmUpdated: Dec 11, 2013 @ 11:15pmSlight EditsUpdated: Nov 7, 2014 @ 12:28pmAdded Work History.None of the complied review text was changed.Changed text formating slightly."
,Recommended,249050,32262302,Posted: 7 June,all,"""Bob"" the Space Cadet","Dungeon of the Endless is an interesting mashup of turn-based/real-time tower defense, strategy, and RPG which uses each door you open as a turn, while your heroes and the monsters move about in real-time, with each turn effecting cool-downs, generating resources, and creating waves of monsters. It's a great looking game, and it works best with an Xbox compatible controller (I used an FC30 Pro) but it also worked with touchscreen controls, though it was a lot easier to use the controller.At first I really didn't like Dungeon of the Endless, but since I liked the design so much I forced myself to give it a go. Once I started picking up the strategies of how to manage exploring and expanding while still protecting my core I really started to get into it and found it quite addictive. However, after playing for about 24 hours and still not being able to beat the game on the most difficult setting offered when you start a new game (that'seasy) I was starting to get pretty tired of going over the same ground and not having much to show for it; and I wasn't about to take the difficulty down tovery easybecause that just feels insulting.It's hard to decide whether to rate this up or down, but given that I did have a lot of fun playing it for many hours I'd say I definitely got my money's worth... it was just ultimately unsatisfying. If you're willing to put in the hours to get good at this, you might have a really good time, otherwise steer clear."
,Recommended,249050,13099363,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,bobert awful (F+),"Dungeon of the Endless wears a leather jacket, has a greaser pompadour, and smokes cigarettes in the bathroom. Old Man Tower Defense catches him.""You can't smoke in here,"" says Old Man Tower Defense. Dungeon of the Endless puts out his cigarette on the old man's face and steals his style.""Get lost,"" says Dungeon of the Endless, and Old Man Tower Defense shuffles back to his room at the old genres' home.4X Strategy Nerd is walking down the hall as Dungeon of the Endless walks out of the bathroom, smelling like bathroom soap and Camels. DotE shakes him down for his gameplay elements and stuffs him in a locker.After school, DotE hangs out with his friend Ritchie ""Rogue-Like"" Valens.""I wanna put a band together,"" says DotE.""Yeah? Watcha thinkin?"" says Ritchie.""I got all these things I stole from people at school,"" says DotE.Ritchie looks at these Tower Defense elements and these 4X strategy elements and wonders if it could work. He looks at DotE and sees that look in his face - if he could trick Principal RTS into eating fifteen cans of Spam to get people to believe in base-building and resource management again, he could do this.""Yeah. Yeah,"" says Ritchie. ""It'll take some thinking, but we could make this work."""
,Recommended,249050,8009977,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Overcooked Pineapple,"This review was done with the Founder Pack version.Pretty fun game from what I've played so far. It's a tower defense dungeon crawler/RPG. For the stage the game is at the moment I think it's very polished and the artwork is fantastic. The game generates random dungeons so there is a lot of replayabilty.  Another thing that I thought that was neat was DOTE follows the lore of Endless Space (Another fantastic game, especially if you like a more simplistic Civ game in space). Which I think is a nice touch.I'd highly recommend this game if you like FTL (Faster than Light). Pretty similar gameplay but in a dungeon and you have to protect your Crystal reactor. Which you use to power up rooms with open slots for upgrades for industry,agriculture and science. Dust much like Endless Space is the currency but also doubles as a fuel source in this game. Which you would use to power up the rooms or to buy items from the merchant. Also you can level up your heros with agricuture, instead of experience like Endless Space. I think it would have been cool to get Xp from slaying mobs but it is still early access so the developers may change that (The developer is very active with the community and takes feedback. They also have votes for changes in the game via their forums that you got from buying the game).I'm going to play this game a lot more and would recommend it but to someone who hasn't played Endless Space (They use a lot of of the resources, tech trees and lore, that Endless Space uses.) or doesn't likes tower defense games. You should probably wait until it's on sale or when it's out of early access (As of right now there is only 3 levels).Founder Pack version notes:This part of the review will go over the Founder pack extras that are included in-game and cross game. I'll add in the other in-game items and extras once they are released (Or if I even remember to :D). The to be released items and extras are the Ship Pack: The Library, the Hero: Josh 'Ntello, the Official soundtrack and Vaulterskins for Endless Legends (Game will be out next 2014).At the moment you get 50% off for Endless Space and the expansion pack (This is an awesome game, a more simplicated Civ game in space with tons of lore), 2 community badges on the Amplitude forums (So you can feel special over people with no badges, just kidding) and The Vaulter faction for Endless Space. The Vaulter faction for Endless Space is a bit disapointing for me at least.I had a chance to play today and they do have nice stats and nice abilites but the ships were disapointing and also that there was no introduction video for their faction, like other factions have. They're really similar to the United Empire ships. Unlike the the Piligrims ships where you can see the differences in ship design there is little to none with the Vaulters. They just seem to be reskined United Empire ships like with the Sheredyn faction. Where as it's understandable with Sheredyn faction sense they're still close to the United Empire and were the Emperors  personal guards. But other then that, as of now the Founder pack was worth it (My opinion). Hopefully they will redesign the ships and add a introduction video in a future update.Founder Pack and can be a hit and miss for some and would recommend that you buy the Pixel pack instead, if you're unsure. Amplitude have been known to have an option to upgrade for Endless Space so it's possible that you will be able to upgrade later but at the same time it's a ""Founder pack"" it may be limited time only.Update: Now that the game has officially been released, a couple of things have changed. See below.- Currency is now randomized (FIDS) and is not just Dust. FIDS is Food, Industry, Dust and Food.- Science is now used to update modules and you research via Endless Artefact.- Updated the intro movie, main menu and some parts of the Hero UI. (I like it)- Soundtrack has been updated.- You can now save items in a backpack now, that are not in your heros inventory for the next level. (I was waiting so long for this)- Ships can be unlocked now, by completing certain conidtions in a successful playthough.- Heros can be unlocked now, by meeting them in a playthrough and meeting certain conditions.- Monuments also have been added which give random buffs or debuff for a  random duration.- And a multiplayer mode has been added but have yet to try it.- You have to click exit to move to the next level.- Loading screen to next level has been changed.- 13 levels to complete a playthough. Unlimited levels, if you use the Drill ship. (Unlockable)- Steam cards and Steam achievements have also been added with DOTE's release.My thoughts; game is amazing now that it has released and awesome updates to the DOTE. Updates will probably be continued just like it's sister games ot the Endless Universe."
76561198045133849,Recommended,249050,9936265,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,BarneyRound,"General synopsis of the game:This game is actually surprisingly deep once you figure it out.  It tricks you into thinking its just a roguelike dungeon crawler.  And if thats how you treat it, you will not last past the first floor.  It centers around exploring each level room by room, and once you locate the exit to the level, moving your power source to the exit.  You have to place your heroes tactically (at choke points basically), and build defenses around those heroes to harden their key positions around your power source.  This usually leaves only one hero remaining to explore.  Enemies spawn in random unpowered rooms you have discovered.  So, sometimes one of your heroes may get overwhelmed, and you will have to take advantage of the handy pause feature to make sure one of that hero is not getting totally butt-r***ed.  And, if he is, then you need to figure out which hero you can send to reinforce him.  Or, you can activate one of his, unique to each hero, cooldown skills.  Which will give him a temporary boost in combat.  Or, you could order him to run away.  Fleeing is always a viable option in this game.  The in-game currency revolves around entering new rooms.  For each new door you open you get a set amount of resources and/or currency which allows you to build extra defenses, hire another hero, level up your existing heroes, research better defenses, heal your heroes in combat, power new rooms (to set up new defenses), or buy new gear for your heroes.  Once you have opened a door, you cannot close it.  So, you have to be careful not to expose a flank route to your power source by brainlessly opening doors.Thats kind of it in a nutshell.  I obviously recommend it, even in its alpha stage.  It has not crashed once for me, and is pretty content rich.  I can't wait for the game to be content complete."
76561198019205444,Recommended,249050,15431811,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,sitebender,"Dungeon of the Endless is probably the best rogue like dungeon crawler that I'll ever play, because it takes the genre and adds a tower defense mechanic to it with a science fiction theme. The object is to explore randomly generated floors all while defending your crystal. The crystal gets used to power rooms that you'll place defenses and harvesters that bring in extra science, food and industry for every new door that you open. Once you discover the exit, one of your party members needs to lug that crystal from the elevator to the exit as the floor floods with enemies. Any party member not in the room with the exit gets left behind if you chose to exit without them.Your characters will defend a room automatically and fix any damaged equipment if there's nothing happening. You only need to have your people in the right room at the right time. Its a fun and casual way to play the game. If someone gets too low on health, you can click a medical bag near your character's card to use food for more health. Some difficulties even replenish your health for each room or wave of monsters that you clear. You can spend food on each character to level up.The more rooms of a floor that you clear out, the greater chance of enemy waves attacking. There are still rooms full of enemies, but its the waves that make things a true challenge. These waves will spawn in any room that isn't powered. Your foes can't go through doors and they'll only spawn in rooms you've uncovered so its best when you start a new floor to choose one door and work down that path instead of opening all four doors to each elevator.You've got your choice of four characters from the start and plenty to unlock as you progress. You can find new recruits and purchase them with food, but that doesn't mean they're unlocked. In order to unlock them you need to have and keep them for at least a floor. The game lets you have a maximum of four per party and it can be difficult juggling them, because you can only control four at once. Under normal circumstances, I have three of them guard the crystal and explore with one.Dungeon of the Endless has an amazing multiplayer that gives each player one character. Its a much easier experience. You pick a server locally, with your friends or even global. Then select who you want to be or let the game chose randomly and hop into a game. Once it starts no one else can join, even if a player drops out. When a character dies, they can't be revived and this goes for single player too! Instead you'll need to find a new character in the dungeon and recruit them. If you have more than one character under your control, you can pass them to another player. If you play global, its just as smooth as someone in your own region. The only issue that I have with the multiplayer is when the host leaves, the game ends!The controls are easy, right click to move. That's it. Right click a door to open it and watch your character go to the door. Right click to interact with something. Right click your character icon to open their stats. Of course there are still hot keys and you can scroll the screen or focus in on your character. If you ever need to see the map, mouse wheel back to see the entire dungeon along with icons where the players, enemies and highlights are. Even see unopened doors in red. Its all streamlined, then mouse wheel forward again. Again, its super easy, a joy to play.Along the way you'll find merchants to sell you things, but the game doesn't bog you down in equipment. Most characters have two or three equipment slots. There are science crystals that you spend science to research upgrades. You'll need to wait a while and open more doors before the research is complete, so don't spend science to research then exit the floor immediately. The recruits and merchants you find will also be attacked, so you'll need to defend them or they'll die.There are plenty of things to find throughout the rooms: treasure chests, capsules to unlock at the cost of industry and even things that give you science, industry or food. Everything takes a second or two to unlock. Even doors take a while to open, but once they're open they can't be closed. An odd thing about the game is when you open a door, you've commit to walking into the room beyond it. So if its full of enemies, you will still walk in. Even a room full of enemies doesn't feel like a threat, you can still fallback to a room full of turrets that you've setup.As for placing defenses, you can't just dump a bunch of turrets into a room, you need empty modules in a room to place modules. Some rooms don't even have any modules available, but 90% of them do and the trick is powering the rooms. You've got a limited amount of power your crystal can generate. If the crystal takes damage, it can power fewer rooms. Of course exploring will find more power to beef up your crystal and charge more areas. In terms of defenses, you've got health, defense and weapons. Defense things such as holograms that will attract enemies. Weapons like turrets, Tesla and sentries. New things can be unlocked at science crystals.Once you find the exit, its best to deactivate some of the powered rooms in order to power ones along the path. After they're powered setup defenses, because when you pick up your crystal every door opens automatically. So every undiscovered enemy is activated, but more pressing than that are the waves of enemies that spawn.Instead of classes, there are characters. Each character has their own stats for speed, damage, health and so on. Every piece of equipment can change those stats slightly. Things will boost your speed while lowering your damage per second. Some characters use swords, others have a pistol or a gun. Characters all have their own defense needs, some rely on armor, shields or devices. These characters all look and feel unique to be and play as.Dungeon of the Endless does have only fifteen floors before you'll need to play again from the start. So there is an end game for anyone that needs a goal. Its just reaching that fifteenth floor that is a challenge. Floors become longer, more difficult and dangerous, yet still doable.Since the game revolves around a sci-fi setting, the premise is simple, you've crash landed in your escape pod. Why am I telling you that now this deep into a review? Because its never an issue in the game, the only time it is an issue is before you start, you'll select your escape pod. After going through the game, you'll unlock different escape pods, each with its own perk. There are a few different difficulties, very easy and easy. I assume that you can unlock more, but after 8 hours into the game I still have two difficulties.As for the graphics, they're simple and pixelated, yet still drip in atmosphere. Dungeon of the Endless is a dark and eerie sort of beautiful with a futuristic alien twist. The music gets relegated to ambiance and near chip tune music. Its barely a memory in my mind even after 8 hours of playing.With everything said, Dungeon of the Endless is definitely worth your time for fans of both dungeon crawlers and tower defenders. This isn't a genre for everyone, but what's here is addictive, engrossing and easy to play."
,Recommended,249050,18948660,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Littorio,"My experience with Dungeon of the Endless has been mainly ""struggle and frustration"" so far, but because the game is just so ridiculously hard as in it requires a lot of managing, planning, and some luck, every attempt makes you delve more into the depth of the game. Simply opening doors without much thoughts will ONLY lead you to bad endings.Lists below are what I believe to be the game's good parts and (rather than saying bad directly) parts that left me unsatisfied.Good parts+ Simple - collect and manage resources, survive the enemy waves, construct towers to help your heroes, RESEARCH: these are all you need to know to ""endure"" the challenges until you get the grasp of more details+ The simplicity is what makes the game really Fun as well! Its easy to get into and rogue like element makes every round different from each other+ Interesting characters to choose. Later into game, you would prioritize operator (for extra resource production) over other characters, but IT IS WORTH exploring other types too! They have their own unique taste of skills and playstyle.+ To be able to level up and equip heroes you love and enjoy playing so that they can be even more stronger and sometimes.. a little bit OP under certain circumstances+ Different dungeons to choose, finally managed to finished the first? Here comes the second with even harder (subjective) which may require different strategies+ THE JOY OF BEING ALIVE at the end of each round. Seriously, after dying so much times and failing to clear due to stupid mistakes, this relief makes you go on in the game+ Ridiculously hard sometimes - greatly recommended to those who enjoy challenges out thereBad/Unsatisfactory parts- Lack of multiple saves system, basically you are stuck in one game to either beat or be crushed- Hard to play in a co-op game, as in barely any room to join (playing with 3 other friends instead is generally recommended rather than waiting)- After awhile, you can notice some heroes are plainly just more ""useful"", balancing is left to be desiredSTILL the game is just amazing, I really did not expect for me to have this sort of intense fun when I bought the gameTherefore, I would like to rate the game 9.5/10! :)"
76561198055460747,Recommended,249050,12661139,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Skips,"Start the gameDieStart the game again1st floor complete, 2nd floor completeDieStart againLevel up heroesDieLook at strategy guids for helpDieFinally get to the last floor and thenDieAmazing game it doesnt get boring 10/10"
,Recommended,249050,13431608,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Kiki162,With the only difficulties being Easy and Too Easy you can also look stupid when you tell your friends that game is too hard on easy difficulty.
,Recommended,249050,12658541,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,BloodIronWolf,"Possibly one of the most well put-together and replayable games I have ever seen. Even though I've never beat it, I can keep trying without getting bored of it."
,Recommended,249050,8008314,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Zer0Se7en,"Just a beautifully realised game. Start with 2 random ""heroes"" and explore a randomly generated dungeon while building modules to increase your resources all the while protecting your generator from your crashed ship. Find the lift on your level and get on to the next one. The pixellated art style is gorgeous and appealing, this game is a joy to play!"
,Recommended,249050,13060378,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,SolemnCultist,"So many puppets, so many strings... And once we've lifted off, who cares if they figure out who was pulling them? No one on the ship will return to Mazen. Our future lies among the stars.The Dungeon of the EndlessDungeon of the Endless is a hard and unforgiving game. It teaches its gameplay mechanics by making you die a thousand times over. With each run you'll find yourself in a different situation, can't find the elevator exit, not enough dust to power another set of rooms, not enough industry to create much needed modules etc. It's an addictive game. Each playthrough has twelve floors, which get much and much harder with every floor.So many puppetsA few hundred condemned criminals find themselves shipped on the prison ship ""Success"". Only for the ship to be shot by a nearby planets defensive system. A few escape pods flew off towards the planet, and crash deep inside an old facility of the Endless. The game has an roster of nineteen heroes, which are all very unique and fun to control. You start with two heroes and you can recruit two other random heroes you find deep inside the dungeon. With the big roster of heroes, you'll easily find a favorite. Each hero is balanced by his/her/its strength, defense, speed and DPS. The heroes are all set in three different factions: Prisoner, Crew or Native. This will also affect your group, heroes can have special conversations in the elevator rides in between the floors and they can have special buffs if heroes from the same factions are present in the room with each other.So many stringsDungeon of the Endless has rouge-lite elements like FTL and The Binding of Isaac, RPG elements with its leveling and skill system, and tower defence elements with the modules that you need to protect yourself with. It's a weird combination of genres, but it works so amazingly fine. As said before, it's an addictive game, you'll die many times because of its hard and unforgiving nature. But sometimes it feels unfair and based around luck. You could've made this floor easily if only you choose the upper path instead of the path to the left. This is what I think every time I die, but that gives it just a little bit more of that addictiveness.ConclusionDungeon of the Endless is a true gem. A game that you see or hear little to nothing about on steam, but deserves so much more attention than that it gets. With a giant roster of great heroes, and a perfect mix of genres that you would've never suspected to even get mixed. The game can sometimes be based around luck a lot, making runs very unfair at times. That being said, Dungeon of the Endless is definitely worth your money. That is if you're up for a big challenge.9/10"
,Recommended,249050,8009598,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,ArcaneWeapon,"I've been dissapointed by a lot of Early Access games.  This is most certainly not one of them.  If you're a fan of either Rogue-likes or Tower Defense then you're going to enjoy this game.  The Alpha is currently very short (only the 1st 3 levels of the dungeon) and has lots of features still to be implemented, but it's already a blast to play.  I can't wait to be able to play with all the currently locked features."
,Recommended,249050,12718172,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Jab,"Great combination of rogue-like and tower defense gameplay creating something very original along with a great art style. I would say that the game is amazing with one big caveat -- it's not balanced at the moment. The game's primary resource: Dust controls how many rooms you can have lit up or safe from enemy spawns. However getting the resource is entirely too random and it's the main game ender at the moment.Not having enough dust will leave you with multiple rooms that will spawn enemies and there is no way for you to cope even with the best defenses or heroes in the game. Until the developers do something to fix the balance, Dungeon of the Endless is a great but frustrating game that has limited replayability because of it."
,Recommended,249050,29239476,Posted: 13 January,all,Wrath,"Co-op? Strategy? Rogue-like? Yes please.There are so many wonderful aspects in this game that make it what it is and all of those details add up to a fantastic final product. There's just no debate about it being one of the best games that I have in my inventory, and it only gets more stuff as time goes on.You are the survivor of a crashed escape pod from a prison ship, and you have crashed so far down, the entire game is a quest to navigate to the elevators on every floor and make your way back to the surface with your pod's power core. Every door you open is one turn, so you have the time between doors to think and strategize how you are going to proceed. You build generators in build-nodes and collect resources from those generators with every door you open, however you also have to build defences as every door you open could have monsters and every unlit room that you've already discovered could spawn additional monsters if you're not standing in it.So, the game is a balance of character advancement and combat with turn-based building strategy and resource management. At high levels the game gets pretty intense, but you always have time between doors to cool off and rethink how you're doing things. At least, unless you let them break the doors open. It's quirky, it's pretty, it has a sense of humour, and a great soundtrack. And best of all, there's a variety of ways to play, from over two dozen heroes to stick in your party, to a host of different defences and support modules. Every randomly generated dungeon brings its own opportunities and perils as you deal with whatever the gimmick of your ship's power core is.Dungeon of the Endless can be a challenge, but it's fun even if you lose, and there's a lot to be said for that. But, in my opinion, it's only fun if you have a party. So find some friends and play it like a Friday night board game."
76561198093215211,Recommended,249050,25503510,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Robertson Crusoe,"I had about 40 extremely entertaining hours in this game. This game is one like no other.TheSoundtrackis beautiful and fits perfectly. The overall sound is pretty haunting and convincing. The main title is a beautifully crafted piece of music.ThePixelgraphicswork and they are charming.TheUser interfaceis pretty minimalistic and still more than enough. It is easy to understand, which is important because the player has to focus his mind on the actual tactic.Semi-turn-based. This game is basically a turn based game. But at the same time, it is not. Because it is missing one thing that many turn-based games can't avoid: Waiting. In many cases, you will not have to wait alot. Because you can always do something. Research, buy and sell, upgrade, plan your upgrades, plan a new route and so on.It forces youto thinkand that is what I love the most about it. You will never have enough of everything and your enemies will constantly grow in numbers and in strength. So every turn is important. You will have to count in order to know when you will be able to research or build what. You will have to plan routes and prepare for hordes that might attack your vulnerable resources. You will have to understand the hero class you are playing and how your whole team would benefit the most of your actions. There is so much to plan and seeing it work out afterwards is extremely satisfiying. The moment you hope your route to the elevator is safe and you fight off hordes of monsters, never knowing if the teammate that carries the objective will make it is awesome. Thats another important point:Satisfaction. If you don't make it, you were not prepared in most cases. But thats not the end of the story. If you die, you will still be present, can manage your resources and support your team and if they manage to find a new hero, they can hire it and give you control over him. So, this game shows you without any mystery, that you have to work as a team. You depend on each other. And if two people of the team die, the rest wont get far. If somebody simply opens the doors in a rush because of missing patience, the whole team will have to deal with the consequences and mostly, be punished. But, you will always know what you did wrong. And that is great.So, now that I have said all that, I will mention the worst downside of this game: The multiplayer seems to be dead. Every now and then, I check if there is an open lobby, but all I see is emptiness. Don't get me wrong, you can basically play this game alone, but the real experience lies in the teamplay. So, if you would want to try this game, be sure to look for a group on steam or elsewhere, so that you have some people with you. It is alright in singleplayer, but the real game is in the multiplayer part."
,Recommended,249050,13075131,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,ムーンウォーク【moonwalk】,"Dungeon of the Endless is unlike any other game. It is a top-down real-time tactical squad-based tower defense RPG roguelike, which does not make any sense as a concept. It is also, somehow, very fun and vey hard and gives all the feelings of reward and tension and loss that a well-designed roguelike game should. On top of that, Amplitude puts an exceptional level of polish and awesome UI design into this and all their other games, more so than almost any AAA or indie titles I've ever seen.The game plays a lot like FTL on a dungeon layout rather than inside a ship - you command your units to a certain room or door and they'll set about doing whatever task they can, but it's also topped with an equipment, level-up, and skills system that gives layer of individual investment in your heroes similar to 2000-era Infinity Engine RPGs. Within every floor of the dungeon, you're also gathering and investing resources into a sort of base-building system, using build-nodes and a power grid to either auto-generate more resources or to actively help your heroes in defending rooms. It all takes a lot of getting used to, but once you get enough of a grasp on all the systems to work towards understanding them better, they come together in a really satisfying way.The soundtrack is very FTL as well (perhaps too FTL-like, even), noticeable but not overbearing space-y background tracks that feel fitting for whatever situation you're in. There's a large amount of flavor text across equipment, research, hero dialog, and other things like that, and everything I've seen of it has been generally informative and often surprisingly funny. The humor isn't the overt RPG-parody style of something like Dungeons of Dredmor, but more simple and under-stated in a way that's appropriate to the style and setting.The one complaint I have so far is that there seems to be no way to move multiple heroes as a unit, at least not that I've found. I very often want 2 or more heroes to stay together or all get into one room ASAP, but my instinct to use click-and-drag style group selection does not work. It's kind of flow-breaking to instead select people one by one and then issue each of them the exact same movement command, and it makes breaching new rooms as a group or falling back to a different position more cumbersome and take a bit longer than it should. A very minor interface gripe in an experience that has otherwise been awesome. (**EDIT: Nevermind most of this paragraph - there is a way to set groups and quick-select those groups. But I still think click-and-drag selection would be the ideal.**)Bottom-line short-form summary: This game is fun, and I have never played anything like it and maybe never will again. I'm not capable of recommending anything more highly than that."
,Recommended,249050,8008859,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Izu,"Bought this just as it got released for early access for no real reason, but damn it's really good. It's only a 0.1 alpha at the moment, but I could play it for hours already so can't wait to see what happens! It's like a mix of strategy, dungeon crawler and tower defense, very cool way to mix them together"
,Not Recommended,249050,18379111,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Starving Poet,"<edit>  In light of the comments on this one, I feel I should word my thoughts a bit better:  My entire feeling about the game comes down to one idea - I like my rogue-likes to be hard; I like randomness to play a large factor; but I don't like RNG that takes the entire possibility of victory out of the players hands - _especially_ when a single run takes 2-3 hours.  It makes the rest of the game meaningless; there's no strategy to an unwinnable floor. </edit>My library is full of rogue-likes and I have hundreds of hours spent playing them, but I have a hard time recommending a game that a) leaves up a lot to chance while b) having extremely long completion times.   The number of times I made it to floor 12 only to lose because I got a double door-breaking rino spawn that I couldn't address because I can't control which enemies my character attacks was just too damn high.  It's not the deaths that are so bad - it's that it takes 2-3 hours to get through a run and to have it end because of nothing you did is just infuriating.The run that finally turned me against this game was a run to floor 12 and there was not a single room in the 12 that I was able to check that had a place to put down a major module.  I had 700 industry saved up just to make generators and 4 characters at level 12 / 13 and there was nothing I could do.  I couldn't kill the swarms before they got to my crystal, and while I killed many of them, when you have 15 dust, you will lose that game of attrition."
,Recommended,249050,12711609,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Dr. Funk,"Dungeon of the Endless (DoTE) is a strange mix of genres that works surpisingly well. Part tower defence, part squad management and part roguelike.DoTE presents an interesting dilemma for the player; should I open this door? Ever door you open has the chance to make your escape to the next floor harder. Every room you don't run power too, and very rarely will you have enough power for every room, has a chance to spawn hordes of aleins who want you dead. You can slow their assault by building towers in powered rooms. You must also choose which resources to generate so you can afford more towers, tower upgrades or character levels. Everything in DoTE comes down to a simple choice: how hard do I want to make this for myself? All of this, with a helping of humour and increasing difficulty results in very rewarding risk/reward gameplay.There is a wealth of characters in DoTE, all with their own strengths and weaknesses. Their combined flavour texts makes for an interesting narrative and the various interactions between the characters in the post level screen is a very nice touch and makes the world feel alive. You will rectuit additional squad members  the deeping you dive into the dungeon, but you will have to decide who to sacrafice in order to create room for them as you can onyl have 4 squad members. Even unlocking new characters for future playthroughs has a risk/reward aspect to it as you must dive at least 3 floors into the dungeon with your new compainion before they are available to you for other playthroughs.The only downsides to DoTE are in the multiplayer. At the time of writing this here are my issues:You cannot create private multiplayer matches. This has resulted in me kicking many people (sorry!) when I only wanted to play with a friend.You cannot trade items between player's characters outside of selling the items to the shop keeper and having them buy them.The game tends to drop connections often and you cannot rejoin a game which effectively ends it.You cannot save your progress in a multiplayer game and a game of DoTE can take a few hours so make sure you have nothing else you need to do before you start a game up.I hope that the devs iron out the technical issues so that multiplayer can be a more enjoyable experience.In conclusion, I would highly reccomend this game despite its flaws in multiplayer. If you like rogue-likes and tower defence games you should definitely try this one out. It is a steal at only $14 (CAD) and some of the most fun I have had with a game in recent memory!TL;DR: Rogue-Like, Squad Management, Tower Defence. Very fun. Very cheap. Broken multiplayer. Go buy now."
,Recommended,249050,20242627,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,The Dreamer,"We were going to die.Up until the instant that door opened, there had been hope, there had been an inkling of a chance, we would make it through this last floor, we would escape the facility and finally be free. Maybe the floor's exit would be in there, or it would lead to a hallway leading to the exit, or something, for God's sake every other area of this floor had been opened, it had to be in here...It opened to a hallway with three doors... upon opening it, the dozens of unpowered rooms surrounding us burst forth with monsters, crawling in from every corner of the icy hellhole we were trapped in. We fought desperately, exhausted out abilities, lost countless turrets to the hordes that door had unleashed upon us, and what did we unlock for our efforts? The opportunity to open three brand new doors, to watch our defenses wither and die at the hands of the disgusting hellish bugs that lay behind these doors, there was no doubt, there was no lingering hope, no desperate chance... the team was too battered, our turrets and defenses worn ragged, the next wave would surely kill us.Squidward was the first to admit it, that we were going to die. I had tried to fill my team with optimism, but when he called it like it was, there was no denying it, the next door would kill us, so many monsters would spawn that we'd be overwhelmed, and die within seconds. ""We're out of food, Handsome Burger's barely got any health left... I think this is where we all say our goodbyes."" he typed, the text lingering on the screen in brutal silence. Burger responded promptly, ""It's been an honor, bois."" ""Amen to that."" I chimed in, all the while desperately wracking my brain for a solution to this impossible problem, trying to plan some kind of escape route or fullproof defense in my head, there had to be some way to change this, fate may be a fickle mistress, but this was beyond unfair, it had become a downright impossible run...No. Nothing was impossible. Defending the next wave, perhaps, but with so much of the map already revealed, it had to be in one of the three...""Guys, don't open anything yet, I've got an idea.""""Um... sure, ♥♥♥♥ it, what is it?"" Squidward remarked.""We open all three at the same time.""""You know, we could just abandon this one, not sure I feel like watching us die after all this.""""One of them has to have the exit, we've checked everywhere else. We open all three, we see the exit, I run the crystal there, we escape.""""What if they're all hallways, or empty rooms? Have you seen how this game has ♥♥♥♥ed us so far?""""Guys, we can't defend the crystal from the next wave, but if we throw up enough neurostun modules and slow them down a bit, we can outrun them to the exit. This is our one shot.""""♥♥♥♥. I wish you weren't right...""""Let's do it.""We took our positions; Squidward, Burger, and Gray each stood before a door, and I sat beside the crystal, throwing what little indus I had left into neurostun modules along the path.""Ready?""""Ready.""""RIP in pepperoni.""They activated the doors, and an eternity passed as they yawned open, my fingers hovered over the mouse, ready to desperately right click the crystal to freedom.Dead end.Dead end.Hallway with a door.""OPEN IT NOWE,"" There was no time to spell check, the waves were coming, the map was filling with a wall of red dots, Burger triggered his slowing ability, and the neurostuns did their part, but as slow as the wave was, that didn't keep it from being pant-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly big.Squidward sprinted for what had to be the last door, and as it slowly opened, and as the fastest of the creeps burst into the crystal room and rabidly dove for me, I prayed to RNGesus for one last chance at freedom... that we could be free from this god-forsaken facility, and that we could taste the sweet clean air of the surface world that awaited us just behind that final door.Three more doors.♥♥♥♥ this game.(This game is worth $20. It costs $12. If you're a fan of strategic roguelike gameplay, you should buy this, sale or not. Don't freak out about DLC, just buy the pixel edition. This game doesn't shame you, there's no question mark heads eternally gracing your roster, it only shows who you have in your game, which is an incredibly respectful way to handle DLC in this day and age. If you come to love the game as you play it, the DLC's worth grabbing, but in multiplayer, if the host owns it, you can play it, so don't sweat it, and come hate this ♥♥♥♥ing game with us! :D)"
,Not Recommended,249050,29237299,Posted: 13 January,all,Carth,"I've tried to like this game, but it just doesn't get it quite right. To begin with, the tutorial is lacking and the game gives you little in the way of instruction. You basically have to die over and over in order to even work out what it is you're supposed to be doing, and even then, to really understand how to play the game ""correctly"" you really need to read a guide.Dungeon of the Endless (DotE) is a merge of two types of game. It's both a turn-based and real time game, and it is both a tower defence game and a roguelike hero/RPG game. This is actually quite a novel idea, and at times it works really well and makes for compelling gameplay, but where it gets let down is the difficulty scaling, and how punishing it is when it doesn't go well for you, and this is due to the mechanics of the game. To understand why, you need to know a bit of how the game plays.It's a top down game featuring a maze of connected rooms. Each turn you open a door, which reveals a new room to add to your map. When a door has been opened, it switches to real time so that you can battle any monsters that may appear. Monsters get randomly generated in any room that isn't powered, and rooms are powered by a resource called Dust. Rooms that are powered can contain turrets and other defensive buildings. You get Dust by opening doors - it has a random chance to appear.The starting room contains your crystal, which when attacked, causes you to lose Dust. This means that the moment your defences start to fail you lose the very resource that prevents monsters from spawning and that powers your defences, but since the mobs increase in difficulty each turn, as soon as your crystal starts getting hit you find yourself in a downward spiral.There is also some benefit to leaving rooms unpowered since you can earn Dust by killing, so there is a balance to be maintained. If you always power as many rooms as you can, you can find yourself without enough Dust to power rooms in the future, but if you leave too many rooms unpowered, you get overwhelmed. Damned if you do and damned if you don't.In a good tower defence game you would alter your defences according to how they stood up to the previous wave. In this game that just doesn't work, due to every unpowered room randomly generating a mob, there are so many random variables involved that you can go from the previous wave barely doing any damage to the next wave completely wiping you out. And as said before, if you do manage to survive such a wave, you'll be in a worse position to survive any future ones.Two of the other resources are Food and Science. These are accrued each turn according to how many of a certain building you have. You need Food to level up your heroes, and you need Science to research new buildings. But they have a secondary use to heal a hero or to reset a hero's skill cooldowns. But this suffers from the same problem as the Dust, in that as soon you find yourself needing to use those resources to keep your heroes alive, you've already lost. The fact that you needed to give emergency heals to someone or reset their skills suggests that you were being overwhelmed, which means next turn you will need to be even better prepared, but you now have less resources than you had in the previous turn, and are in a downward spiral.In a roguelike, random events should be difficult, but if you survive them your reward is the fact that the run continues. In Dungeon of the Endless it often ends slowly, but it's obvious that the game is lost because your resource management has been vitiated and your defences ruined. You don't feel the ""I was so close, next run I can do it"" urge. You feel dejected and just close the game. Starting another run feels like a chore.This is compounded by the fact that a run can take 6+ hours, and some floors are impossible due to the randomly generated layout and rooms simply being indefensible, or randomly getting no dust on a floor, or random events that disabling the only places you could defend from.In FTL you might find yourself up against an enemy that you cannot beat. But you can flee. You might find the rebels caught up to you. But you can fight them and get to the next sector. You might make the wrong choice and lose your best crew member. It makes things more difficult, but your existing crew will improve and you can find others. You might find yourself with a severely damaged ship, your oxygen system down, and your dwindling crew suffocating. But with the right decisions you can turn it around. It's ultimately about decision making and risk management.In Dungeon of the Endless you can do everything right and then after 5 hours be presented with an unwinnable situation. But you play on, to watch the inevitable demise now that everything is ruined through no fault of your own.In The Binding of Isaac your success is heavily dependent on loot generation and your own mechanical skills, but this is fun and addictive. You don't feel cheated, you feel like you could have done it, and you try again, looking forward to the novelty of which items you'll get this time.There is no novelty in Dungeon of the Endless. In fact, once you've worked it out the game is quite shallow. There is essentially one optimal strategy of how to explore, where to leave certain heroes, and where/what to build.Perhaps Dungeon of the Endless tried to do too many things at once, because it's neither a particularly good tower defence game and nor a particularly good roguelike. Tower defence games are about funnelling dumb enemies into your most powerful towers and getting them to stay there. DotE breaks this by handing you layouts and rooms that do not allow you to do this. Roguelike games are addictive because every run is different, you never know what item you might get that greatly changes a run, and deaths feel like your fault rather than the game's. DotE breaks all of this. The items are all very similar and don't change a run, progression through level ups and upgrades are slow and imperceptible, and all runs are played the same.It's a real shame because the gameplay is actually fun and when it works it works, but at other times it all falls apart and leaves you with no recourse. If there was a neutral option I would give this game that because I do like some things about it, but I don't think I can recommend it given its flaws."
76561198138701091,Recommended,249050,12652651,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Snufkin,"THIS GAME IS AMAZING! I went for 10 hours straight when i got it and still want more. I Got the founders pack because its actually fricken awesome. This game has so much replay value, Its very well thought out and gets pretty tough. The rpg element is just as awesome as the tower defence, it blends together perfectly. I wasnt even a fan of tower defence games that much but this game is just great. Once you start getting some items and a party of 4 it gets really fun. It has really cool music in it as well! 10/10 from me. Im also trying to think of bad things about it but I just cant! :D*This is an update to my review*Dungeon of the endless is still fricken awesome."
76561198041629480,Recommended,249050,27404724,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,dukttape,"I took a flyer on this game while it was on sale because it looked interesting and I wanted to play something different. 600hrs later; this is easily one of the best games I've purchased.If I had to describe Dote, it is a Turn Based Strategy/Tower Defense with some RPG elements sprinkled in. DotE is pretty straight forward: build a team, protect the crystal, and survive for 12 floors. Sounds easy? Perhaps you should try it."
76561198046255089,Recommended,249050,29168865,Posted: 10 January,all,Musubi Maru,"So I closed all the doors and the lights inside my house.Then, my 3 year old son and I were flying on a huge spaceship but something hapened and we had to use his bed as an escape pod. We barely made it out and made a crash landing into a mysterious complex...We opened the first door and sent dust from our escape pod battery to power up the light. It was quiet... but the next door we got attacked by some kind of bugs and sentient crystals. It's a good thing i brought a nerf shotty and that my son had his trusty foam sword because the adventure could have ended there but we prevailed! Little did we know, we were far from finding an exit and further we went into the complex the more and more creatures were coming at us.Lucky us, we had found another survivor inside a box. It was a friendly unknown beast and it was helping us, for what purpose? we don't know.So after having a lot of fun opening all the doors and some lights and fighting off monsters with our new imaginary friend, we found what hapened to be an elevator. We went up to the surface and found a glass of milk and fresh chocolate chip cookies. Tummy filled, we repaired a radio we had picked up earlier and sent a signal in hope for a rescue team to come an pick us up.... we hope someone gets our message!...10/10 would crash land an escape pod into my house again!"
,Recommended,249050,18787522,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,nalrya (>^ ^)>,"This game. THIS GODDAMN GAME.I have stopped counting how often I ragequit because I ♥♥♥♥ed up an otherwise perfect run on one of the later floors. But I keep returning because I KNOW it can be done and can be done perfectly and that almost everything that goes wrong is due to a mistake I made.There are so many little nuances and tactics, character skills, items and modules - it's amazingly fun to find synergies and different strategies. There's really a lot of content and hidden background info to find, which makes the price asked very moderate.The flavor texts on everything are an entertaining read and this is probably one of the 3 or so games where I actually go ""YAY!"" when something in the ""sticker album"" that shows art and bits of background story is unlocked. Also the art is absolutely perfect, pixel-perfect so to say.Almost 25 hours of playtime right now and I'm so not done with this."
,Recommended,249050,25996386,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,TRU±Neutral,"======================================Dungeon of the Endless(Read on for the full review!)======================================TL;DR:Dungeon of the Endless is an exceptional roguelike with high quality design and polish, variety, challenge, and fun.======================================Pros:+Aesthetic:Gorgeous pixel art, animations, and visuals.+UI Design:Extremely appealing and functional.+Audio:Great music, great ambient sfx, and crisp clean UI sfx tie in with the visuals perfectly for great immersion.+Gameplay:Strongly prominent elements of resource management and tower defense in a roguelike dungeon crawl? Yes.+Variety:With no expansions 21 characters and 5 pods give you plenty to look forward to, experiment, and play with.+Online:Being able to play and coordinate with friends locally or from around the globe is a nice treat.+Developers:Special shoutout to a devteam that has spent many an hour supporting, expanding, and patching their game well after launch.Cons:-Progression:Feels like later floors conspire against you; making you spend a lot of resources to get few back, making the last couple of floors feel like a mad dash.-Friendless:When playing alone, there's a micromanagement aspect that can make the game more difficult for you.-Endless Inventory:Just kidding, it's limited, so if there's no shop, you're probably going to be sacrificing.Neutral:±Nothing:There's few cons, let alone neutral aspects to DotE.======================================Introduction:Hey there and welcome to this review of Dungeon of the Endless; likely the first roguelike of its kind, fusing together elements of tower defense with direct hero control with a healthy dose of resource management and dungeon crawling!Gameplay:So, as stated, prominent features are direct hero control, resource management, dungeon crawling, and tower defense. So in order:Direct Hero Control: You can have up to 4, and you right click to move, left click to select. Attacking or opertating (increasing efficiency of a structure at the cost of staying in the room for successive turns) is automatic, but requires you to be parked in the room you want to do it in. Most heroes have at least one active ability, which will display under their avatar at the top right of your screen. Click them anytime you feel they are best used. Various mechanics such as operating, the ability for your character to spawn block enemies in unlit rooms, and more make it so that you will often have to keep very active tabs on who is where, doing what, and when to change it. This can make the game much more friendly to those playing with friends, as you won't have to keep track of 4 heroes, their abilities, where they are, where they need to be, and constantly select different ones.Resource Management: There are 4 main resources: Dust, industry, science, and food. Dust is for powering rooms, allowing you to make your path through the dungeon safe, or unsafe, at your choosing. Dust is the single most valuable resource going forward, as unpowered rooms can spawn enemies when you open new doors. It is also required to keep rooms with machines functional, so if you want to keep getting your resources from your generators every turn, they have to be powered. Industry is used as a resource with which you build things, so I would say it is of second highest importance because if you can't build new generators on each floor, you won't be able to get many resources at all. You either have it or you don't , pretty simple. Science is used for research, done in specific rooms if you discover them and spend the science to research from one of the available options, which can differ from naturally found research pods. Last comes food, an important but often dismissable resource that enables you to not only feed your character to heal them in an emergency, but to level them up. While doing both of these at times can be critically important, not having food isn't always the end of the world.Dungeon Crawling: So every floor has a random amount of rooms, which can be powered or (mostly) unpowered, have heroes for hire, additional resources, shopkeepers, and various other surprises. As you explore more and more of a floor, you will require more dust to power important rooms while also trying to balance powering the most inconvenienent places for enemies to spawn in on you. Dust can come from newly explored rooms, machines, and killing enemies. There are also items and passive as well as active abilities that can increase your dust gain. There is an emergency generator machine that you can build to power a room and help with gaining dust, so research this technology asap if you find it. As you explore more of a dungeon, you will find yourself having to make decisions and sacrifices. Do you keep the sword for that awesome character you hope to find and unlock or the healing item for an emergency? Do you keep the piece of armor that protects you more, or lets you gain more dust? Can you afford to let that hero operate this machine, or will that place you in jeopardy? Essentialy, the dungeon crawling aspect of DotE is about quickly responding to new discoveries and how they may alter your priorities. If you can't tell, DotE is a very tactical experience.Tower Defense: So yes, I'm sure you now have it firmly in your head that you can build generators to spawn resources every turn (door opened) but that doesn't cover the wealth of options. No, not just that emergency generator you need to find and research immediately, but also a shop for the shopkeeper to be relocated and operated, and various offensive and defensive pods that can be used as traps or buffs for your heroes that will be fighting in specific rooms. There are many otions here from direct attacks, slows, disables, health regen, offensive ability increasing pods, etc. You have to plan ahead and not place these wastefully, as you are not only limited in amount, but the landscape of the dungeon may change unfavorably as you open more doors, leading to a hole in your defenses you can't patch either due to lack of industry or lack of dust to power a room.So. Can you utilize your resources and cunning to keep your heroes and structures safe as you uncover the whole floor? Do you make a mad dash for the end, knowing you no longer have the ability to sustain yourself? Or do you ultimately run out of options as you slowly die, trying to hold on for hope of a lucky find that will save you and let you get to the end and escape the dungeon?Good luck!Graphics:The graphics in DotE are absolutely beautiful. From the sharp  minimal UI, detailed pixel art, fluid and distinct animation, great color palette or beautiful digital paintings that serve as loading screens that may become some of your favorite new desktop backgrounds your eyes will always be entertained and enthralled. Seriously, the bar has been set high.Audio:On the other hand, the audio is just as good. Haunting music and crisp decidedly placed sound effects tie together very well with the graphics and gameplay to create a cohesive whole.Conclusion:Just buy the damn game. Unless you hate challenging games, roguelikes, or the stress of micromanagenent, you'll love this.======================================This endorsement approved byThe Reviewers' Union,providing better standards for reviews and reviewers.======================================"
76561197970649200,Recommended,249050,25615537,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,danpaladin,"This game has a really unique feel to it.Challenging, but mostly things that can be foreseen to a certain degree.You do not control the combat directly.  Your character fights whatever is near them and you just tell them what room to go to.Lit rooms do not spawn monsters.  Every time you open a door (you've ended your 'turn' by doing so) there's a chance that the dark rooms may spawn monsters.  If players occupy those rooms, they will not spawn there when the door is opened.  The monsters are basically trying to get to your spawn point -- this is one part tower defense.After you've cleared a path you feel confident about and feel like you've gotten enough loot/XP from a level you have one person slowly carry the crystal to the exit.  Everyone has to be there when they hit it or you're dead as dead can be!Very interesting game.  If you're looking for some weird challenging planned dungeon crawling, this is for you.  It will take a few runs to really understand what's going on and then it clicks."
,Recommended,249050,12870434,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,FM | Myst,"Great game.Marathoned the first difficulty with a friend and had a blast.-Well thought mechanics, punishing but very rewarding, and the RNG is well adjusted (for the difficulty level I tried at least).-Beautiful art, I often stop to look at the rooms and imagine what could have happened there.-Higher difficulty levels are not just tougher monsters, but variations in the game mechanics that force you to think differently.11/10 would take math class again"
,Recommended,249050,27015110,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mad Dog Torx,"My favourite game on Steam, just love the art style, soundtrack and gameplay."
,Recommended,249050,12676258,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,loganjamesalex,"This is how Early Access should work. Now I only bought this game two weeks before release, but at that point it was already more polished and complete than most on release and now that is is officially out I am blown away by the quality!I just love this game for the randomness, but usually that isn't enough for me what makes this game special is every game feels like a new story. ""Does this group have what it takes?"" I find myself asking, ""Is luck on my side today?"" sometimes I find my way through the maze and beeline to the exit, (happened on floor 10 kinda scared me because its so damn huge and I found the exit so fast couldn't even power half the rooms on the way to the exit) and the writing for the characters is awesome! Sure they don't talk much but the descriptions, plus the few intertwining stories that you may or may not hear in the elevator really flesh out the characters to a point where I find myself making up relationships between them that might fit, or thinking about how much they must hate having to work together and I will even make up friendships between heroes that end up working together throught multiple floors. (sometimes i can even encorperate one of the ""canon"" stories into it and it just feels great)On top of all that. is an amazing game that doesn't really have any peers (at least to my knowledge) sure it feels like FTL or Space Marines or what have you but it combines them all in such a way that it creates something revolutionary. I see this as almost a difficult story generating game, where the goal isn't to win but to create a good story."
,Recommended,249050,12660043,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,bills6693,"(Note - I have a lot more hours than shown as I have played a LOT of this game in offline mode)This game is really fun. The art is great, the music is IMHO very good, and fits great. The mechanics are solid and fun to play with. Progress feels like it moves at a good pace, and there is a nice dual-progress system in that you have your in-game progress of leveling up heroes and building the team up, getting new tech, stockpiling resources and getting items for your heroes, and then you have your between-game progress with starting hero and pod unlocks.Overall I'd strongly reccomend. Its a great game that makes you think a bit (but not too hard!), punishes you fairly for bad decisions and helps you learn your way, but it isn't brutal on you (especially with the ability to pause at will with the spacebar). Its quite a departure from other Amplitude games (i.e. its not a 4X) but they've done this really well and I would 100% reccomed this game"
,Recommended,249050,9622039,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Biff Hardjaw,"Although I've only spent a small number of hours exploring Dungeon of the Endless, I can honestly say that I am both impressed with the state of the game already and eager to see what's in store for future updates. The visuals are already quite pleasing and polished. I love the music and the sounds fit very well with the visual atmosphere. Gameplay is frustrating at first but picks up quickly as you get the hang of the controls and figure out clever ways to survive for longer periods of time.Unfortunately, this game is still in progress. As an Early Access title, there is much left to be done with the game before the official release. Although compared to other Early Access games, this one shows a higher level of Dev-Love than most. If you have been considering buying early but haven't decided yet: get it.Nurse Deena Ratchet has been killed. Let the tears flow."
,Recommended,249050,11350630,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,BrianRubin,"This game is shockingly fun, and I've done nothing but die repeatedly while having a great time. I'm not a fan of tower defense, but this deftly mixes TD with roguelike elements, RPG elements and squad-based gameplay. LOVE IT. Seriously, LOVE IT, and I'm not even a fan of Endless Space. ;) Get this game if you like roguelikes, squad-based games, or tower defense. It's really great."
76561198008168929,Recommended,249050,19213443,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,X∀©H,".... I should have bought this when I first saw the trailer a year ago. And they're releasing updates still, good gosh, I'll be playing this endlessly...."
76561197972390763,Recommended,249050,13280271,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Exige,"This is a unique cross between tower defense, 4X, and rogue-like game.You have 1 to 4 heroes that explore a random dungeon consisting of rooms separated by doors. Every time you open a door, monsters spawn in all the unlit areas of the dungeon and try to attack your heroes and reach your base. You can stop them by attacking with your heroes or building defenses.After the wave of monsters is done, you are safe and may build or upgrade your structures. This phase plays a lot like a 4X game where you must manage food, research, and industry. Each room can a certain number of structures of various types, and some rooms contain existing structures.Your heroes themselves level up and gain skills as they would in an RPG. Death is permanent and when all your heroes die, you must restart the game from scratch.There is a huge amount of replayability here due to the random elements and number of ships and characters you can choose. A typical game can take 3-4 hours.As with roguelikes this is fairly difficult game, particularly if you play it on the harder difficulty (there are two difficilties, mislabelled ""easy"" and ""very easy""). If you enjoy difficult games, you should like this a lot.Subscribe to my curator page hereView my other reviews here"
,Recommended,249050,20845015,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Burn,"Dungeon of the Endless is a bold new take on the roguelike genre, including tower defense mechanics and strategy RPG elements. It may sound like a strange mashup, but it just works. Like the other Amplitude games, levels are generated procedurally, so expect 'endless replayability'. Add awesome pixel Art, and the usual great music by FlybyNo and you got a gem. One you shouldn't miss especially given the ridiculously low price tag!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=602350961http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=611720918Unlocked all achievements!"
76561197993880739,Recommended,249050,12720609,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Kayuga,"FTL with tower defence. Excellent concept, brilliant execution. This is a great time sink that combines elements from various games, yet manages to be original and different.Buy this, it is another example of an indie game having more depth than AAA titles. Not even in the Xcom titles or in FTL did i feel so attached to my crew members, each death spelling certain doom.You will restart a lot.11/10"
,Recommended,249050,25567412,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,mush-room,"Endless EnjoymentYou look at the door and wonder what’s behind it. Salvation? Doom?You’re not sure how long you’ve been roaming these halls now, working your way forward and upwards, through myriad savage encounters with sentient rocks, bugs, slimes, demons, and other cavernous creatures.All you remember is that the escape pod of your prison ship crash-landed on this desolate planet a good time ago, straight into the lower levels of some kind of Endless underground facility, and your ragtag band of crew members and prisoners has been carrying the ship’s generator from elevator to elevator till now, powering up doors and automated defenses along the way.Some friendly species, equally trapped as you and craving liberty or fortune above all else, offer their services for Dust, the mystical nano-elements that go for currency around these parts.Amassing enough of this Dust substance attracts all kinds of nasty critters, but it also recharges the generator, and even provides the means to build food, industry and science stations, who in turn give you another slim fighting chance against said critters on every floor you pass by.And chances are more slim than ever. You see your comrades in arms fall around you, and nothing can get them back up. But you keep pushing, using all of your skills and resources to survive the next onslaught, until you reach the next door. What will come next? Friend or foe? A powerful artefact, or the exit maybe?And then what? If you reach the surface of the planet, how will you survive Auriga?This is the Dungeon of the Endless.This… is your past.http://www.mush-room.be/startgame/endless-enjoyment/"
76561198021645003,Recommended,249050,23350586,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Neosim,"A unique defense game that requires strategy, patience and attention. It may seem to be becoming repetetive until you switch your roster and ship tough. Nonetheless i still enjoyed every minute of it. Great music and art style imo. character dialog and bios are worth reading aswell. Multiplayer is unfortunately reserved to playing with friends as i have seen little to no public rooms.The rogue-like randomness is not as big as in other games but still noticeable. Ultimately i can recommend this to anyone who likes these kind of games. 30 hours of fun are guaranteeed here for a very reasonable price."
76561197970801242,Recommended,249050,15437305,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,TrashtheEgo,"This game slowly eats time. Just thinking about the premise of the thing... it makes me feel wrong. It makes me feel like I know something that shouldn't be known. It tugs at parts of my mind with cold, worm like appendages, always reminding me that it exists. The game that should in no rational way work, or be, but it does and is. I'm certain it takes part of you with it, into its absurdity, because it leaves you sitting there wondering what you've been doing after something closes to your desktop. Because this game shouldn't exist. I refuse to accept the hours noted, the moments of blurred confusion in which I'm staring at my monitor realising two hours have passed without my knowledge. I refuse to accept this thing, this ungodly creation of some terrible, irrational reality, exists. Sometimes I just black out at my desk. And that can be normal for people, I've read about it in books. And when my hands start to shake whenever I go to open a door, I just remind myself that I've been drinking too much coffee."
,Recommended,249050,13426330,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,pepemustard,"First off, I highly recommend this game for anyone that is looking to kill some time. It's definitely worth the money. I bought this during early access, and am usually hesitant of buying unfinished titles, due to some scoundrel developers taking the money and running with it, leaving gamers with a half-finished product. But Amplitude has a very good track record of not only finishing what they started, but also continuing with support well after the title has been released. This game is no exception. Just when I thought the game was finished, I stopped playing for a bit. I came back to this a week ago, only to find they added a bunch more characters, and new options when starting a new game. So a big kudos to them for being a developer that really puts the work into their games.Now on to the game.It's simple, yet complex. Keep your guys alive, get out of the dungeon in one piece. But you can't just rush every level, or else you will skip out on collecting a lot of much needed resources and research opportunities. Opportunities you will desperately need later on. Open too many doors at once, or have a lot of unpowered rooms, and a swarm of enemies will come your way and end your game quick. It's a fine balance between greed and fear. Try to open one more door, to try and get just a bit more resources before going to the next level, you could be hammered with 5 waves of hell. But if you skip out on it, it might hurt you in the long run.Since dungeons are randomly generated, and so are things like weapons/armor/item/artifact locations, there is an element of luck to it. But once you get the hang of it, you can make it through most playthroughs even with some bad luck.There is quite a bit of lighthearted humour from the characters in-game, which is right up my alley. From a woman who thinks she's a spider, to an overcompensating midget with a huge sword. They all have their quirks. It's not so much a band of heroes, as it is a group of unlikely misfits. You might even recognize characters from other games, such as Samus Aran..... errrr... I mean Sara Namus...The game plays a lot like a turn-based tower defense. First you decide how to set up your defenses and production, then you begin the action phase by opening a door.  That's when it goes from ""Okay, everything seems to be coming along fine, all hallways seem to be covered"" to ""CRAP! DON'T ATTACK THERE! THAT WAS MY FREAKING GENERATOR YOU JUST TRASHED YOU♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!""All in all, as far as bang for your buck goes, I'd rate this title a 10/10. If you like cheesy humour and tower defense, don't hesitate to buy this game. You won't regret it.edit: Don't feel ashamed if you cried after losing on easy mode..... We all have...."
76561197970642311,Recommended,249050,13755123,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,MellowMonkey,"I had about enough of rogue-like games but Dungeon of the Endless is a whole other animal. By going down the RPG-road, taking a hard left at the tower defense genre and bringing this clevery package to a full stop at classic strategy games like dungeon keeper, DotE arrives at a unique place.It´s high difficulty, motivating character development and stage design grants the game a rare pull that keeps you coming back for more. Beautiful pixel-art, a haunting soundtrack and a good sense of humor round up what was easily one of my most enjoyable experiences this year.Don´t miss Dungeon of the Endless!"
,Recommended,249050,12665910,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Hero of Soc. Labor,"This is a somewhat interesting combination of RPG and Tower defense. I love this game and do not regret getting it. Spent too much time playing it and can assure you – this game is not easily beatable. It supplies tons of excitement and would be a fun thing to geek on alone, in the dark. Devs definitely have been working on this hard with updates flowing regularly, this should tell you – they take their work seriously. Not just a money scamming, riches promising DayZ-like scammery.  If you are looking for a game that lets you take your time planning your move and at the same time provides tons of escalating action, this is the game for you."
76561198019032491,Recommended,249050,28185930,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Atlas,"Wow okay. So a while back my friend got me to buy this game and play it with him. He had just picked it up, and wanted a team mate. We quickly discovered that ""Easy"" mode is anything but easy. But because we are MEN we vowed never to try ""Too Easy"" mode, and to eventually beat ""Easy"".64 Hours of playtime and 90 attempts later, after countless guides, meta-game planning, and honing our teamwork, we finally beat the first pod on ""Easy"" mode last night.Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is hard. But there is just something about it that keeps you coming back for another♥♥♥♥♥kicking, over and over. I'm gonna break down everything there is to love about it.- The artwork is adorable and combined with the music the game really does a great job of creating a cohesive aesthetic.- The strategic options are insanely expansive, there are so many different plausible strategies.- The game not only has multiplayer, but embraces it, giving you great tools for working with your friends, including resource sharing, character and item swapping, and you can unlock pretty much everything in multiplayer mode.- Completely unique gameplay, really never played anything quite like it.- Tons of characters to unlock, and each one feels special.- one of the characters thinks she is a spider and crawls around like a maniac eating bugs off the floor and if you don't love that then we aren't friends.The game is not for everyone, though. The combat is simplistic, it's more of a macro approach, commanding your hero where to fight, but not how to fight. It fits a really small niche really really well.If you like rogue-like strategic potato-chip gameplay, this is the one for you. If you spend your free time at work creating excell spreadsheets mathing out the most effective resource generation strategies, this one is for you. If you reallym like getting into the nitty gritty of a game and being genuinely enjoyably challenged by it, this one is for you.I leave you all with this; beating Easy mode with my friend was probably the highest and more emotional moment I have ever experienced while gaming, and I am not being hyperbolic. It was probably enhanced by the shots of Kraken we had taken in anticipation of losing in the last few floors, but still. Absolutely fantastic."
76561198040107668,Recommended,249050,29319687,Posted: 17 January,all,GManLegendary,"An interesting blend of turn-based and real-time, DotE is a ton of fun to play. It is unforgiving at first, but you learn as you go and eventually escape the Dungeon. Even after escape, the game still has a lot of replay value from its fun factor and unlocks. You can also play the game with friends, and it is a ton of fun. The game is an underated gem."
,Recommended,249050,13922404,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Rafael M.,"Dungeon of the Endless is a gem of a game that mixes RTS, Tower Defense, Roguelike, RPG and resource management. It sounds messy, but works pretty well. Your objective is to protect the crystal, explore to find the exit of the floor and take the crystal there. You gain more resources for each door opened, and each door means more monster and loot.At a first glance, DotE looks like a very simple game, but as you play you'll discover a lot of depth and new strategies. There's a lot to unlock, including pictures for your album, new heroes and new ships (each ship adds new rules to the game).Each playthrough is randomly generated, so you'll never play the same game twice. This adds a lot of replay value.Dungeon of the Endless quickly became one of the best games I've ever played. I can recommend to anyone looking for a unique experience.PROS:*Very fun and addictive*High replay value*Great visuals and good optimization*Beautiful, immersive soundtrack*A lot of possibilities*Hard but fair difficulty*Satisfying to playCONS:*Bad tutorial*It's hard to tell what's going on when you're in a battle*To own all ships you need to buy the Crystal pack and Emperor pack (from Endless Legend)---I rate this game a 8.5 / 10"
,Recommended,249050,12963143,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,despeboy,"Absolutely awesome game.Fun, addictive, i had absolutely 0 problem as for the internet when i played multi with a friend and 0 crash problem as i could read (and I wish to add the other game from the endless serie I have never crashed also).If you like some tower defense mixed with heroes in a new concept as for you open doors, you will absolutely like it.The design is quite nice too, pixel art/roguelike.One of my best discoveries this year for sure.You feel you would like to try ?Give it a shot, you won't be disapointed. Have fun !"
,Recommended,249050,22369415,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Cream-of-Plenty,"Take the procedural dungeon generation of a roguelike, the looting and hero-building of an action-RPG, and the research and development of a tower defense game and you'llstartto get an idea of what ""Dungeon of the Endless"" is about.You might still hate the game, but it won't be for lack of creativity.I could probably spend a lot of words explaining the game's mechanics to you, but I'd be talking all day:  At its essence, Dungeon of the Endless is about guiding 1-4 ""heroes"" through a series of dungeon floors.  To transition floors, you must use a crystal to power the elevator.  But the crystal is heavy and fragile, and everything living inside the dungeon wants to kill it above all other things.Along the way you'll encounter new ""heroes""--some of these individuals have histories with one another (for better or worse) and each represents a unique set of potential skills in getting the hell out of the dungeon.  You'll also find an anachronistic mix of equipment--swords and machineguns, textbooks and jumpsuits--for outfitting these characters.While heroes will be your primary way of interacting with the dungeon (and the only way to get the crystal from one elevator to the next) you will also need to research and develop a whole host of ""modules"" that bolster your defenses against the dungeon hordes while your heroes search for the next exit.  There are modules for generating new sources of science (needed to research and upgrade new modules), food (needed to level-up heroes), and industry (needed to actually BUILD modules), modules for killing different kinds of creatures, modules for defense and healing, etc.  Suffice to say, your heroes probably won't get very far unless you're actively researching and developing new modules.There's also a fourth resource simply called ""Dust"", which is required to power rooms.  Modules only function in powered rooms, and powered rooms prevent monsters from spawning in them.  To keep your defenses functioning and your heroes from being mauled by monstrous swarms, you'll need to carefully route and re-route power to rooms as you explore each floor.But for as complex as the game can be, there's an efficiency to it that makes it easy to learn but challenging to master.  There's no obligatory grinding, or dead-end research trees to waste time on, or useless skills to invest in.  You can rush through each map as quickly as it takes you to find the exit, and ignore research or heroes (at your own peril).  Everything that exists in the game has a valid role or use, with few (if any) ""traps"" to watch out for.  And that's nice, frankly, because you'll be experimenting with a lot of different strategies and dying a lot in the process.Speaking of dying, there are a few issues with the game that may sour opinions.  For starters, dungeons can be downright stingy with Dust--the aforementioned resource that powers modules and rooms--later on in the game.  If you're not prepared for the chagrin of the RNG, a Dust-shortage can rapidly spell disaster.  Fortunately therearenumerous solutions to this scenario, including Emergency Generators, Shop modules, and hero-specific skills and items that promote Dust collection...but most of them require at least a little foresight.  I don't think it's a huge issue, but some players may disagree.There's also one enemy that really doesn't work well with the game's mechanics.  It has a chance to spawn in later rooms where it mutates into a powerfully ""tanky"" and immobile monster.  Although it doesn't pose animmediatethreat to your heroes, it must be killed for the game to consider the wave ended.  As a result you'll frequently have situations where everything's dead except for one (or more) of these things, they've already grown into their final form, and now you've got your heroes on rotation, taking turns whittling its health down and stepping out of the room to heal.  Alternatively, you've got to break defenses and rush out to kill them as quickly as possible...but then your (wounded) hero has to kite the inevitable horde of angry creatures back to a powered room and hope it doesn't overwhelm them.  Neither scenario really adds anything to the game.For the most part, though, Amplitude--a company known for approaching things a little differently--really delivered on Dungeon of the Endless.  It's not aperfectrecipe but it's incredibly novel and, between the variety of unique heroes, loot, modules, and ""ships"" (game modes), there's a significant degree of replayability in a compact package.  The average player will find it to be thoroughly challenging while rarely feeling cheap or unfair.Then again, the RNG is not always forgiving."
76561198066241654,Recommended,249050,31759473,Posted: 14 May,all,Kakos,"Dungeon of the Endless is a weird blend of a bunch of genres that actually work really well together, but it's hard to see how until you sit down and are able to play it.So, I'll go into the details that I CAN convey (if you didn't check the game's tags):-Dungeon crawler-Rogue-like-Resource management-High replay value/addictive gameplay-Great character roster-Very fun multiplayer-Long(ish) game sessionsAlso, if you do purchase this game:-Learn how to room dance-Learn to love operators, but don't forget to bring a scout-Don't underestimate pepper spray, tear gas, and neurostun modules-Try the different pods-Don't be afraid to ask people for advice in multiplayer games. Most players are quite friendly in the community"
,Recommended,249050,8021346,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Producer-san,"Dungeon of the Endless gives the system of Tower Defense a really interesting perspective.The core: every tower defense has it and the goal always remains the same, protect it and do not let it be destroyed. But what if you need to transport the core to an exit point after finding it? This is what gives this game a really interesting system to it.Basically, you start out with the core, two people to start exploring and so called ""Dust"", which is currency and the life of the core at the same time. 10 dust is needed to power a room after exploring it. Powering it will result in being able to build structures in it and make enemies not be able to spawn. Opening doors will give you resources to build things, level up or heal your team. You gain Dust by exploring further and killing enemies, which allows you to expand your base in the course of the level. Your crew is the key to getting these resources as you can place members next to built resource stations to increase thier gain per opened door, also they act as moveable turrets to keep enemies away. If all of them die though, the game's over.As the goal is to take the core and find the exit, it is important to power the right rooms, place your guys right and build the right structures. When you think you're ready for the heat, take the core by letting somebody pick it up and run for it, if the carrier dies though, it's also game over. When the core leaves the beginning of the level, enemies will spawn non-stop in every room that's not lit. Every room the core passes will not be powered any longer as the energy's not connecting to them anymore.So far it seems like a really dynamic game and like a fresh idea to the genre, and for it's early Alpha stage the game still seems very finished when it comes to the design and the systematics. I am looking forward to the content as it's added to the game and happily recommend it to everyone that is into these kind of games."
,Recommended,249050,29374689,Posted: 20 January,all,三ドル（Sandoru）,"After 80 minutes of initial gameplay, the Dungeion of the Endless feels like a solid dungeon crawler. It was brutal to me at some moments and challengingly fun at other moments. Overall, the game is fun, with smooth gameplay, immersing atmosphere and soundtrack. Don't know what stopped me from buying this game on Christmass sale, but I have no regrets for buying this game now. I recommend to sci-fi fans and rogue-like fans alike."
,Recommended,249050,10984966,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,GhostYy,"JOURNAL ENTRY #1- So it appears a dual-gun wielding man and a sword wielding woman have crashed landed on this ship. The room I am in seems like a generator room with a bright yellow cube. I figure the woman should proceed first as she wields a sword which'd be better at close range and then I can send in the man to attack from a range. This worked efficiently and I managed to gather to enough resources to level up both my characters a few times.JOURNAL ENTRY #2- Warning symbols appear all around the generator room, I figure my objective is to protect that for now, so I use the woman's special ability which lets her move significantly faster to get back to the base. I make and it is swarmed by multiple enemies. My gunman follows and I use his special ability which buffs our damage in the room. We manage to fight off the enemies and return to exploring the ship. I now come across what I imagine to be an escape, so I grab the generator core and run using the woman's special ability to get out faster. We escape and that's floor one done.JOURNAL ENTRY #3- After upgrading my characters a few times and equipping them with the new gear found, I continue using the same strategy as before. After reaching a shop I spend a lot of money on new equipment for my characters. Bad idea, I now have no money to spend on health. Enemies appear in the next room so I send the sword wielding woman in to fight them and send the gunman back to base. A wave comes and I manage to fight them off, but I forget about the woman who sadly gets overwhelmed with enemies and dies. After two more waves I finally find the exit and escape. Alone.JOURNAL ENTRY #4- Alone on the next floor, I begin searching for the rooms, I find the exit almost instantly and figure it's my best interest to escape now so I can get a good score. I grab the generator and head down.JOURNAL ENTRY #5- This is where things start to get difficult. I begin by upgrading my character and saving enough money for healing. I start searching the rooms and each is a struggle. I narrowly survive each room and gather enough money to heal regularly. A wave is now incoming. I prepare by heading to the base. Enemies flood in from 3 directions and I fend them off the best I can. Eventually I'm overwhelmed and just like my partner, I die.This game is fantastic fun, it has gameplay like Faster Than Light with elements from The Binding Of Isaac, give it a try!"
76561198117709927,Recommended,249050,12671168,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,FuzzBot,"(This review was very close to the beta entrance.)Dungeon of the Endless is a roguelike-dungeon crawler game. But... it it not exactly ""Fantasy"". It is more like... ""Sci-fi"".Consider your mind blown.Pros:+ Gameplay is fun if you like exploration and strategy (which I do).+ Replay value is pretty good.+ Handling resources makes this game challenging.+ Pixel graphics are amazing (good job devs :D ).+ GRRRRREAT soundtrack if you like light-ish dubstep.+ No two replays are the same. Random events are common.+ Humor. The best.Cons:- Story. The plot is REALLY interesting, but they don't build on it enough in my opinion.- Repitition. March of 2014 I stopped playing this because of boringness, but it has really changed from then.- It takes a while to unlock all the gamemodes.All in all, if you like The Binding of Isaac, I recommend buying this."
,Recommended,249050,23320399,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Future Ivy,"A fantastic rouge-like if you don't mind sitting down for a few hours (or taking breaks between sessions). Campaigns can last anywhere from an half an hour to 4~5 depending on your skill level. It can be brutally difficult and has an unforgiving mix of luck and strategy, but the sense of success after gambling your whole game on a single door really is something I wish I could find more frequently. The art is fantastic and never feels redundant especially with the random level layouts. The soundtrack really is something else, too!"
,Recommended,249050,13155724,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Zii,Just one more room... (10 hours later) crap.
,Recommended,249050,29987951,Posted: 17 February,all,Devil and Anime,"Now, I haven't played this game as long as some people, but I have to say that it is one of my favourite games I've played in a very long time.A quick run down of the Single Player mechanics (Multiplayer is basically the same thing, except you control one hero from the start but you can have 4 people start)From the start, you pick two heroes. These heroes have four stats: Speed, Health, Strength, and Wit.Speed helps you move around the rooms faster, but most heroes who have the highest Speeds tend to have the lowest Health and Strength. Speed is also used for moving the crystal around for when you find the exit.The Crystal is what you have to defend with your life. It acts as your power source for the rooms you encounter, and if it gets destroyed, it's game over. You can only pick up the crystal after you have found the exit.Health lets you tank rooms which have the lowest defenses or if you need to hold a choke point. The heroes wth high Health tend to have high Strength as well, but low Speed and Wit. You'll normally want to place these heroes in rooms that aren't powered, whether that's because you don't have enough Dust to power every room, or if it's because you want to conserve your Dust for the rooms that you're exploring.Dust is what you use to power your rooms, and it's gathered by the Crystal. If the Crystal gets damaged, then your Dust count lowers. When it hits 0, you've lost the game. Dust is collected from three places- Opening doors, killing monsters, or operating on a Store module that has a shopkeep in it. I'll get into modules later, but the only definite way to 100% get Dust in every single room is by operating on a Store module.Strength is what determines how much damage you'll do to enemy monsters. High Strength heroes tend to be the most diverse, allowing for high Health, high Wit, or high Speed, but if a hero has two high stats, the other two are going to be extremely low. These heroes are the ones you want opening doors.When you open a door, it will generate your Industry, your Science, and your Food, as well as having the chance to find Dust. Opening a door will also spawn monsters that you'll have to deal with, lest they will kill your heroes and destroy your Crystal. There are also certain things that you can find when you open a door: Cryo pods, Heroes lost in the dungeon, a Dust generator, and a Crystal which allows you to research different modules. These all have a random chance to occur, and if you find one, then you won't spawn monsters. I don't have time to go into every detail about each of these things, but just know that they're there.Wit determines how much of a certain resource you'll gain when operating on a module. That's pretty much all Wit does for you in the long run. The higher your Wit, the more resources you'll generate when operating on the module that corresponds with that resource. High Wit heroes are important, though. You'll understand why when you start playing.Modules are how you generate more resources, and there are three of them to start out. Industry, Science, and Food Generators, each of them generating more of their respective resources, and they cost indurstry to create. There are also Minor Modules, which you can place on the small module location, and they can serve a multitude of purposes, too many to explain, but you start with a single one, a ""Prisoner Prod,"" the weakest of the attack modules. To get more modules and to upgrade them, you're required to use Science on a research Crystal.So what about food? Food is used to level up your characters and heal them on the way. Levelling your heroes causes their stats to go up, but it also raises the costs of your healing.There are two modes: Easy, and Too Easy. Don't let this go to your head, Easy is extremely difficult and should only be played if you're experienced with Dungeon. You should play Too Easy first to get a handle on everything, and it'll save you a lot of time and energy if you do.Easy starts you off with less resources, less resources generated from opening doors, more costs for healing and placing your modules, as well as less module health.Too Easy starts you off with more resources, more resources generated from opening doors, less costs for healing and placing modules, and more module health.That's about it for now. There's a lot that I still haven't covered, but the rest of it can be explained by playing the game.This game is a lot of fun but it's extremely difficult and requires a lot of patience and time to complete even just one game. My average winning games take about two and a half hour on Too Easy, just a heads up.Kick some♥♥♥♥♥and don't get lost heroes!"
,Recommended,249050,14568241,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,wany1981,"WoW... this game surprised me a little.There are 2 difficulty.Easy and Very Easy. If you think it's simple you got tricked.Instead of Easy and Very Easy it's actually Hard and Impossible.Took me 7 trys to get the hang of it and finally finish the Easy on prison ship.You gota give them credit to make a basic TD game into something much much more.Graphic is a little more to be under par but it's good enough once learn the ropes and fully understood the concept of ""keep as many room lighted as possible"", ""heavy Defense at chock point"", ""Focus Hero attack"", ""Learn to Operate"", ""Learn to Repair"". Soon you will be drawn into the game and forget the time.Getting most of the achievements are easy and i was able to get about 7 on my first victory but getting all achivments needs a lot grinding and many different replays with each different ships.Got a strange bug that i complete the game with 4 hero but i was only credited for 3...I would defintly recommend everyone to get and try this game. Do not give up when you play the first few attempts, keep on trying. You will jump out of your chair cheering when you complete this game for the first time."
76561197964982776,Not Recommended,249050,13117532,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,EasyZardozIt,"Wow. I wish I had an option somewhere between yes and no. This is fun, but ultimately it is almost entirely ruled by a random number generator. I had a good time figuring out the mechanics, but after the fifth dungeon where I was only offered terrible upgrades (a mixture of hero oriented and tower oriented upgrades which did not play well together) and received almost no dust for opening doors in a highly branched and un-linear environement (thus being unable to reduce mob spawns or place defence effectively) I got pretty frustrated. I suppose that's the nature of ""rogue-likes"", but even Angband would allow you to regenerate a level if you got dealt total crap (assuming you could find an up staircase). In this game, if you get dealt awful it will follow you until you die (probably somewhere around level 6 or 7). It's the biggest failling of this game. Sometimes (frequently?) you will be handed a pile of steaming crap. In other rogue type games, part of the skillset is being able to recognize this and bailing appropriately. In this game, one bad level will follow you since your resource totals persist over levels, mobs get increasingly harder as you descend, and there is no going back to earlier levels if you had to bail due to terrible RNG. If there had been some option to redo a very unlucky level, I'd give this a yes. As it stands, your only option is to go deeper and there were many, many games where I knew I was done for well before I actually died. If the developers had offered some way to mitigate this, I would give this an unhesitanting thumbs up. Unfortunately, they didn't."
76561197969628949,Recommended,249050,13217234,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,ImAGodDmnDragn,"A turn-based tower defense-ish game that seems fairly easy on the surface but actually has a lot going on in terms of strategy and skill.Pros:- Lots of strategy and skill needed, especially as you progress to higher levels- The random-ish maps mean you are always playing a new game, bad luck with dungeon composition will force you to make hard decisions.- Unlocking characters and ships is fun and challenging- Playing with friends can be a fun experience (good coop)- Common, Uncommon, Rare, and Unique version of each item- Characters play off each other so each team has it's own style and strategyCons:- No save feature in multiplayer (Though this is supposedly getting addressed)- Players can't share items in multiplayer.- The UI can be a bit tricky for new players, not very intuativeOverall:More to come..."
,Recommended,249050,8582848,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,SockDog,"Impressions based on January 5th 2014 Early Access AlphaIf you liked FTL but wished it had more depth and choice this game is going to be for you. The concept is simple. Every time you open a door you're given resources. You use those resources to power rooms (preventing monsters from spawning in them) and place machinery to gather more resources and act as defensive/offensive turrets. Of course it's not all that easy, each room has a chance to contain monsters, useful items, blueprints for more machinery and additional people that you can hire.The goal, get your power crystal at the start room to the exit, when you find it. Each play is randomised so you're never sure what's going to be behind that next door!Of course there are lots of other elements in there beyond this. Each member of your team has their own stats and abilities which you can level up at the cost of food. Placing them in a room with a machine increases its efficiency but of course this means spreading your team out. If a machine is destroyed so is the building platform making the room much less useful. It goes on and on.Regarding the Alpha. Game length seems limited right now, you get three dungeon runs before you win but of course each run is different so the limit really is more to do with leveling your team than actual play time. This really is a state whereby the mechanics are being tested rather than the content. The developer is keen to engage with players and encourages feedback and voting on features. And the future feature list is quite extensive.As I said at the start. If you like FTL then this should suit you down to the ground, it's Alpha but it's very much playable and will be fun to see it grow into a full release."
,Recommended,249050,13031765,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Freedum-chan,"This is:1. Original (as gameplay and as setting)2. Fun3. Posessing great soundtrack4. Replayable.5. Fairly challenging.The only straight bad thing I recall is lack of saves for coop and how coop is organized. Really, coop here is quite rough, so you might wanna get a premade party of friends who have a lot of time to play this in multiplayer. Oh, here's another: story and lore here aren't being told porperly."
76561197968398669,Recommended,249050,13750878,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Nido,"This game is a blast. Think dungeon keeper as a rogue-like but with only a few units, and heavily influenced by RPG mechanics. Basically, you start out in a randomly generated dungeon, and your goal is to find a room with the exit. All rooms can be ""powered"", which means enemy monsters will not spawn in them, and allows you to build all sorts of defenses, offenses, and resource generators. Whenever you open up a new room, it is counted as you taking your turn. Once you take your turn, enemy monsters will spawn in rooms that you do not have enough resources or ""dust"" to power up, and try to attack either your heroes or your crystal which is like your ""heart."" If all your guys die, or your crystal's dust reaches 0, you lose and have to make a new game. It gets increasingly tricky to balance everything as you get into later levels, so you'll die a lot at first.Pros:- Randomness makes each playthrough unique.- Even though your heroes just sit there auto attacking enemies, you have to constantly watch their health bars and be ready to use active abilities or micro them to another room. It can get a little frantic.- Music and sound effects are great and totally pleasing.- Strategic placement of modules and traps is rewarding.- Self-Powered Rooms.- Heroes have a decent amount of variation and customization.- The art looks cooler as the game progresses.Cons:- There could be a little more variation in random occurances in rooms. After a little more than a few playthroughs, I had seen all the random room events. Off the top of my head I can think of many more which wouldn't be hard to implement, such as ""Trade a hero permanently for 50 food?"" or ""Trade 30 science for 20 dust and 20 industry?"" Very simple things to spice rooms up a little more.- Multiplayer has given me and my friends a lot of headaches. I keep trying to play with people and I get disconnected, or I get de-synced. I haven't been able to get past a couple levels without something going awry, so I have nothing else to say about the rest of multiplayer.- Slightly lacking in variation of mobs. I was hoping there was a ""boss"" mob or randomly generated super enemies. After one-two playthroughs, you won't see any different mobs unless you got further than you did the last time.Misc:- For all the RPG elements in the game, it's weird they didn't include critical hits. At least I haven't seen any."
,Recommended,249050,32530363,Posted: 18 June,all,Twilight,"This game is an eclectic mish-mash of several different genres mashed into one.......and I love it! The randomness and replayability of a rogue-like! The storyline of an RPG! The guns of a top-down shooter! The brainpower usage of a strategy game! Single-player! Multiplayer! And an awesome soundtrack that you can listen to for hours on end!Right out of the box, I put almost 12 hours into the game! The controls are simple and everything is easy to learn, and with the advantage of a wiki, you have all the info you could need on the game right at your fingertips. Go out, get this game, and play it. Do it!"
,Recommended,249050,28354545,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Loftless,"This is an absolutely fantastic rogue-like game, with nearly infinite replayability and a great progression system with the unlock system. For the price, you can't beat it."
76561197967795441,Recommended,249050,30450566,Posted: 11 March,all,phasemaster,"Shortly after I finished Dungeons of the Endless (DotE) on ""Easy"" difficulty, I went back to playing The Witcher 3 for one of the expansions. I had played 105 hours of DotE, so I laughed when I saw that I had played 111 hours of The Witcher 3 (only 6 hours more!).DotE is just that good. The only game to which I can make a direct comparison is FTL: Faster than Light. Both are roguelike, both involve exploring a ""dungeon"", and both require you to make decisions regarding which heroes should be stationed in which rooms. The classic ""risk vs reward"" theme applies in both cases.But I stopped playing FTL after about 25 hours. Whereas I hit a wall with FTL's difficulty and gave up; with DotE I couldn't help but throw myself at that same wall over and over again. Although the ""Easy"" difficulty can be brutal (nice troll on the developers' part), the game does reward experimentation over time.For example, do I start with heroes that focus on fighting, limiting the research I can do on better modules? Or do I begin with heroes that have high ""wit"" (i.e. - ability to help generate more resources). Or do I try to balance the two? Or as yet another option, do I have one or more heroes that focus on generating ""dust"", a crucial resource in the later levels?This extends to things like......leveling: do I try to level up my heroes evenly? Or just focus on my fighters?...research: do I concentrate on offensive modules (turrets, mines, etc.)? Or defensive ones (defense buffs, life steal, etc.)? And how much of my research should go to making the modules that generate most of my resources better?...exploration: do I keep opening rooms on the current floor, getting resources with each door but risking a huge monster onslaught? Or do I just run for the exits?If you Google ""Dungeons of the Endless strategy"", you will find helpful answers to these questions. But I would encourage you not to do that. For me the fun was to see how far I could get without consulting the Oracle (I mean Mr. Google :D). Eventually I did have to look at the DotE wiki for some character tips, but it was still satisfying finally making it through ""Easy"" difficulty without reading a full-on walkthrough.Unfortunately I cannot comment on the multiplayer, but I have to imagine this game is a blast to play with friends. Whether you have people to play with or not, check it out!"
,Recommended,249050,12658713,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Denrirro,Hard RPG strategy. Nice pixel graphics and good humour are included.
,Recommended,249050,25657321,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,hitt.william,"One thing I certainly have to say for Dungeon of the Endless is that it's awfully hard to describe. You're basically in a ship trying to move a crystal from one floor to the next, killing enemies that spawn in unlit rooms which try to attack the crystal. The caveat being that you don't have enough power to light ALL the rooms.  Within that framework, you can make yourself better at killing enemies (leveling up or finding items) or research and drop some defenses and machines to help you do it. Playing the game typically comes down to thinking in advance about what could happen and taking chances. Should you build something that, over time, will help you research more defenses, even if you may not spend much more time in that particular level? Should you risk hanging out across the map maximizing food production, if your gun will mean the difference in whether your teammate is able to defend the crystal (or themselves).  These tense decisions keep the game engaging."
,Recommended,249050,12789406,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Embair,"A mashup of roguelike, tower defense and RPG that works shockingly well. Rock solid mechanics, lots of strategic and tactical decisions to make and a buttload of content. Easy to learn, hard to master, impossible to put down once you get into it (seriously, you know the ""just one more turn"" syndrom of good 4X games? It's exactly that, except it's ""just one more door"")."
76561198045384703,Recommended,249050,19190562,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,machinegunkungfu,"Good mechanics, a little frustrating at times, but what do you expect from a procedurally developed game with permadeath? If you're even reading this, you're probably the sort of person who likes these games and will enjoy this game.Nice addition to anyone who like roguelikes/roguelites/whatever you are allowed to call permadeath-RNG games these days.It does what it does very well."
76561197970647110,Recommended,249050,13508338,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Rylynn,"Decisions, decisions. Every one of which could put you in a slightly better position, dramatically worse position, or end your game completely.DotE is a very unique experience that combines RPG-roguelike, tower defense, and resource management elementals into a single game - and somehow it manages to do so quite well. Every turn you have to weigh your options: Should you spend food to level up a team member? Should you hold on to it in case you need it for healing? Should you spend precious materials on defenses before you open the next door? Should you even open the next door at all? Maybe it's better to head for exit while things are relatively safe.. Research new defenses?.. Research better resource production? Maybe you should just hold on to those research points in case you happen to run across a merchant who uses them as currency.. Maybe you should head north.. maybe east.. Maybe you should cut the power to one room and risk monsters spawning there next turn in order to power another room and make that section safer.This game is a constant struggle with choices.. and more often than not you don't know in advance which is the better option in the remote or even immediate future. But you'll have fun learning as you go and slowly ascending further and further up the levels with each game (Except for the ones where things just go horrible wrong - Which will probably be most of them)"
76561198066003923,Recommended,249050,29383407,Posted: 20 January,all,Duckhead,"Just noticed this on sale and have to say it is most definitely worth the price!!!I'm a big fan of games that rely more on original content than super beefy graphics, and game like this are exactly why.It's a totally new twist on the tower defense genera.  It's addicting and challenging and the artwork gives the game an atmosphere that honestly hits the spot for me.You have a variety of characters to choose from to start, as well as encountering and unlocking new ones along the way.  Each has bit of a back story.  Nothing over-thought, but each entertaining in themselves.  There is even a bit of a back story that unfolds between certain characters when you play them together.You have three seprate types of resources to collect.  You do this by building modules which produce these resources evey time you open a new door in the dungeon.  These module, like the others, can be upgraded along the way.  Food is used to heal and upgrade your characters.  Science is used to unlock and upgrade new modules to build.   And a mechanical resources is used to build new modules.  It's definitely worth your resources to invest in modules that produce mechenical resources to begin with.Modules are build on nodes, each room having a differnt number of nodes, some having none.  In order for the nodes or modules build on nodes to function the room must be powered.  Rooms are powered by ""dust"" which is a resource you collect by exploring new rooms that can also be lost if the enemies reach your crystal and damage it.Use the nodes to build modules of various types that defend agains enemies that have a chance of spawning in unpowered rooms each time you open a new door.  This makes it important to strategize the order in which you open doors and to distribute the power to each room in a way that hopefully gives you some degree of control over which direction the enemies will attack from.Your heros also attack enemies authomatically.  You can control them as far as telling them which room to be in, as well as equiping them with special items, clothing/armor, and weapons.  In some cases they can gain the ability to repair modules or be assigned to increase the productivity of resource producing modules after staying in a room for more than one (door opening) turn.Protect your crystal, and your characters, build modules to defend against monsters and produce resources,  and find the exit elevator for each floor.  Once you find the elevator and open the remaining doors on the floor to collect as many resources as possible, choose one of your characters to carry the crystal to the elevator and have them, the crystal, and all of your charactrers in the elevator room to click the escape button and move to the next floor.Steam says I've only spent just over 19 hours playing this game, but I'm certain I've played it much more.  For some reason it doesn't seem to always record my hours when I'm in offline mode.In any case, should you decide to pick it up, I hope you enjoy it as much as I do.There's tons more to unlock that I haven't gotten anywhere close to accomplishing yet, which means it's a game I will likely be coming back to off and on for years to come."
76561197964147328,Recommended,249050,15300935,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Racer,"This game has a little of everything:- Rogue-like (unit permadeath & random map)- Turn-based moves- Real-time combat each turn- Resource management- Tower defense- Unit upgrades & items/lootDespite all of this, its fairly simple to figure out the game, but there are quite a few strategies to try. At higher levels, the slightest mistake (or just bad luck) will send you to your death.9/10 - Would die again."
76561198005499498,Recommended,249050,13557945,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,AsyxA,Played 3 hours straight without more than a few seconds to relax.Got exhausted. Wiped on Floor 9 because of a stupid mistake. Was too exhausted to care. Went to sleep.Tried again. No Dust and no buildspace.Tried again. No luck with room layouts.Tried again. Heroes got overrun as half the maps doors were broken down.... Eventually succeeded.Now scared of attempting easy difficulty.
76561197998199341,Recommended,249050,32898874,Posted: 27 June,all,Matured,i've spent hours playing and even longer listening to the soundtrack. I would highly recommend this game to anyone
76561198211598028,Recommended,249050,23639529,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,[insert_name_here],"Now let me say one thing - This game is REALLY hard the first few times you play it (even in Too Easy difficulty), but once you get the hang of it, you really start to enjoy it.I've noticed that almost all of the negative reviewers have only clocked up a couple of hours playing the game and are just probably fed up with the game.Realistically, this game is a rogue-like RPG tower defence game with retro-style graphics that makes the game (in my opinion) better than if it had realistic graphics. It's definitely worth the value.But if you want more cotent in the ame, you're going to have to download some DLC. Some of it is free but others aren't (unfortunately).In the end, my rating is this:8.5/10. Would rage again."
76561198127482349,Recommended,249050,34766187,Posted: 5 September,all,moonchi,"its an awesome stategic part tower defense - rpg - strategy game with a beautiful pixel art style and emphasis on game mechanics.Pros:art styleinteresting characters and flavor txtreplay value (you will dye many times beofre you suceed)co - op (this game is sooo fun to play with a friend)in game chatdark humor (think adult swim)mechanics are great (you have to figure what works and most things stack!)Cons:its all about the gameplay so the ending isnt the a big focusfew glitches here and therecontroller is mapped incorrectly (exellent play with a mouse + keyboard)could be bigger, more monsters, more aesthetic variety between ships.P.S.I LOVE THIS GAME. One of my favorites of all time."
,Recommended,249050,31817575,Posted: 18 May,all,Zomberry,"this is a good game. its not what i expected but its good.going into this game i thought it would be more of a top-down-shooter with cool exploration parts but instead i got a brilliant tower defence/management game that i can easily see myself spilling multiple hours into.the game is all about leveling up, and there are three ways you can do that; indestry, (helping you buy towers and turrets and stuff.) science, (helping you level the towers and turrets and stuff.) and food. (helping you level yourself.) and i like the way that the game makes you balence these while still leting you use one more then the others. for example, you could have a run where you only try to level yourself. that might work for a while but then you will star getting overrun with enemies, forcing you to use turrets. so instead just have a run where you level yourself more then the others but stil level the others.lastly there are still some bad thinga about the game. difficulty and bugs. first there are only two difficultys in the game; hard and very hard. (or as the game puts it easy and very easy.) i think the game would be better if they regulated the difficultys a bit better (and named them better... the bugs in this game sometimes make it unplayable, at first i thought it was just becasue i have a crappy mac laptop but my friends who have actual good computers experience bugs too. for example, alot of the time the graphics will get all messed up then my game would crash, not saving my data. (had that happen near the end of one of my more difficult runs) or for my friend it would say some rooms didnt have light when they did and enimes would still spawn.after i looked at both the good and the bad and rememberd the good times i had in this game i would definitly recommend this game to anyone patient enough."
76561198049366240,Recommended,249050,8049248,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Warchild,"Dungeon of The Endless is overall a great game for being in such an early state.  With just 7 of the 30 characters and only 3 levels of madness to play through so far in it's Alpha State, it is truly a fun take on a Rogue-Like Dungeon-Defense game! I am already greatly anticipating the next update of content to gingerly explore door by deadly door! AMPLITUDE Studies keeps producing spectacular and unique games that have lots of heart and replayability."
,Recommended,249050,22850555,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Mazzy,"I refunded this game not long after getting it. No, not because it's a bad game, it has an awesome concept don't get me wrong. I refunded it because it was not my type of game.For someone like me used to instant rewards, this game just wasn't my style (irony is I love pixel art styles)As much as I like strategy, I have little to no patience.The game is also pretty difficult, so combine the patience it takes to get from ""here to there"" then maybe failing and having to do it all over... Ugh.So as much as I would like to say I don't recommend this game, that's my personal opinion, and I can't give a bad review for a game that's good. So I recommend this to people who actually pay attention to what they're buying (Look at the genres). This is a hardcore, patience-requiring tower defense game. If I wasn't corrupted by FPS games, I might've really enjoyed this game."
76561198010364065,Not Recommended,249050,29438009,Posted: 22 January,all,Appleknife,"I got this game because it looked like it would provide me with a lot of fun for while I'm relaxing and away from work. Well, it did...except the more playthroughs I completed the more stressed out I got. Let me explain:The game is a rogue-like/tower defense mix that provides glorious, wonderful, random fun and it slowly gets harder and harder in a good way as you make ur way through the 12 levels of the dungeon to escape and win. The thing is, when you get to the last few levels, the fun starts slowing down and it slowly starts to feel like ur working again. The diffuculty is ramped up so much, even on very easy and I feel like I have to follow a guide on specific tactics in order to beat the last few levels and there isn't much room for choosing from the huge variety of options the game provides you.In my first few playthroughs I had so much fun...trying out different things, discovering different things, and did stupid stuff just because it was fun. In my later playthroughs, it was just stressful money saving, building, and preparing for those last few levels because the resources you save earlier on can the experience you earn will carry on with you to the later levels, and you will need every bit of resource or experience you can squeeze out from the earlier levels because it gets really really hard. I found that after awhile, I couldn't even enjoy the earlier easy levels anymore after having the knowledge of what's to come. This is a problem for me because this happens even if I choose the very easy difficulty. This wouldn't be a problem if they saved the stressful end-game for the harder difficulty levels and let me have my random mindless fun on very easy. If I wanted to have stressed out, intense, sophisticated planning, sitting on edge of my seat every time I started the waves, I would have picked very hard difficulty.I love the art and the game mechanics and the randomness to death but I can't recommend this game anymore because I feel like a game like this should just provide non-stop fun.That's just my humble opinion and some people may actually want to get this game for the challenge it provides. I've seen the insane amount of changes this game has gone through and the devs have my respect for their willingness to adapt.In short, I'm too worried about saving up for the last few levels to actually enjoy this otherwise glorious game."
,Recommended,249050,15498949,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,roder,"Simply put, it's a rogue-like squad-based strategy game, but it is much more than that. This amazing indie game features elements of tower defense, RPG, 4X Strategy, dungeon crawling, and brings it all together in a unique experience.It is similar to FTL in that it is addicting and you can replay the game multiple times with drastically different experiences (different team heroes, sometimes you find the exit right away, others you comb through the entire dungeon), and you progress by unlocking new (characters and) ships, which unlock new modes.The normal difficulty is actually quite hard already, and if you unlock the Sanitary ship it is the real Hard Mode (which is basically impossible for new players lol). Try your hand at it. You will be pleasantly surprised :-)EDIT: I would not buy this for the co-op multiplayer mode, unless you have friends to play with. Public matches are filled with leavers, and since the game lasts 3-5 hrs to complete, its not reasonable for 4 strangers to stay that long for 1 run."
,Recommended,249050,15799935,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Kokoro,"Every now and again a little bit of magic happens. This game is one of those little bits of magic.In a nutshell Dungeon of the Endless is a hybrid realtime/turn-based, procedural, squad survival strategy game, with RPG elements, resource management, research, building, maintenance, permadeath, humour, and a large roster of unlockable characters to play with. Quite a bit in that nutshell right?Generally when game designers try to create hybrids it all goes horribly wrong and you end up with something that's mediocre at best. That is not the case with Dungeon of the Endless. After 20 hours of trying to rise above the deceptively simple challenge of fighting my way to the surface through 13 floors I have come to the conclusion that this game is flawless. I cannot fault it. Everything just works and feels right. It is simply a gem of game design.Five stars from me."
,Recommended,249050,33364262,Posted: 7 July,all,fei,"It's not forgiving, but that's also why it is good. Wouldn't need that much thinking before opening a door if it wasn't. Because deaths are so brutal, it really forces you to prepare your defense before the next wave, while trying to not spend too much of your ressources. Would recommend it for people with good reactions to defeat, by that I mean learning instead of raging. I think you can easily complain about the difficulty and ditch the game. So be warned."
,Recommended,249050,24680980,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Gatemoth,"Compelling and difficult strategy game.My win record is 2 wins, 40 losses.strengths:+The high difficulty requires many playthroughs, lucky RNG, learning tricks and best practices.+Hard to stop playing.+Easy to learn game systems.+Several variants for variety: empowered heroes, faster monsters, weaker heroes, infinite dungeon.+Appropriate-length story and hero bios.+Elevator!+ui: moving camera + selecting rooms via minimapweaknesses:-ui: difficulty moving inventory items between slots.-ui: closing (multiple) windows-very easy mode: too long + boring.-limited depth. After exploring it all, the game loses appeal."
,Recommended,249050,28817326,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,≈MusashiKorian≈,I highly reccommend this game for anyone looking for a hard strategic co-op game semmilar to sanctum series.
,Recommended,249050,12827773,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,LeetPandA,"Great game, with some glitches.. However the game is sooo good that you dont really give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about them.No joke. Thats how good it is.. Seriously though i really hope the developers polish this game up and fix alot of the issues with multiplayer. Having no save function in multiplayer means having to commit to atleast 3-6+ hours. Which isnt ideal... another huge problem is no reconnectability.. soo if you DC, it's curtains to you and your 3-6+ hours of time spent.There are also a small amount of flat out glitches in the  game.. like somtimes you cant buy or sell from a merchant. Or sometimes your cant equip your items..It just makes things more difficult sometimes.. Its funny though, even though ive been ♥♥♥♥ed over countless times by those glitches, i still play because its just that good.It almost feels like they want it to be, not only hard in game, but also hard IRL.. playing in co-op requires TONS of teamwork, and having no voice chat funtions in-game, no reconnectability and no save makes it feel like they dont want you to play with friends..Even though this game has its issues i cannot argue with the gameplay. The amount of strategy needed in this game is absurd.. The kinds of ideas and decisions you need to come up with to make it out of your first shuttle is rediculous. Its not just hard because all the mobs are diverse and all priotize their attack on different things.. its not just hard because it requires you to spend resources efficently.. its hard because it forces you to think and prepare for any little thing that might happen.. Its like having a knife fight with RNGesus.The graphics are classic 32bit style, extremely well done.. the lighting is amazing and the effects are extremely pleasing to the eye.The soundtrack is amazing.. it gives you chills while youre playing especially in the most tense moments.This game is a master piece and deserves to be in everyones library.10/10 = Single Player8/10 = Multiplayer (FIX YOUR BEAUTIFUL GAME... PLEASE)"
76561197974813550,Recommended,249050,13922908,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,VanillaSky,"Unique mix! - 7/10Introduction:'Dungeon of the Endles' is really something special and it's hard to describe, what it really is. Throw the following genres: tower defense, strategy, RPG, economy management, dungeon crawler and a tiny breeze of gambling into a mixer and have a delicious juice. I'm not sure how to describe the result, so just let us stick to the name 'Dungeon of the Endless.' The game acts in the 'Endless Universe' like 'Endless Space' and 'Endless Legend'. Unlike the other 2 games is 'Dungeon of the Endless'no 4X game, but if you have already played an Endless title, then you will notice, that the game shares the same background story (most notably races) and the typical ressources like Dust, Food, Industry and Science, which is pretty great. The Endless universe is awesome and it's really adorable to see, how AMPLITUDE Studios is handling it and how different AND successful games of the same universe can be.Before you can start your journey you have to choose a capsule and your starting hero(es). Why a capsule? Because your spaceship will blow up and you're forced to make an emergency landing (story at store page)! There are several unlockable capsules to choose from and each provides a different challenge. Your objective is to defend your energy crystal, to find an exit in form of an elevator and to finally carry your crystal to the exit (which will summon endless hordes of monsters), stage after stage (most capsules have 12 random generated stages) until you have reached the surface...alive. You don't navigate your characters directly, instead you can send them from room to room and they automatically engage in combat, once they've reached the target area. Skills, levelups, healing, research, building and vendor actions are completely under your control.To find the exit you'll have to open A LOT of doors. One newly opened door = one turn. You will gain ressources (Industry - needed for modules, Science - needed for research, Food - needed for healing + lvlup, Dust - needed to light up dark rooms) according to your production rate. You never know, what's hiding behind a closed door. It can be a group of monsters, recruitable people, monsters, a vendor, monsters, resources, monsters, research stations, monsters, the exit or nothing. More monsters can only spawn in dark rooms after every turn. They don't have to, but they can. You can switch the light on for 10 dust per room, but you're only able to light up a room, which is next to an already powered room and the power supply always has to be connected all the way to your crystal. Usually you're not able to light up the whole stage and this is the point, where the real fun begins. You have to spread your power and make decisions, where and how you want to put up your defenses and how to move on with your exploration. There are very different types of enemies. Some will hunt your people, others are magically attracted by your crystal, some prefer to simply destroy all your modules and others...oh god how I hate them...want to open even more doors, which can lead to a total apocalypse. Luckily you can research and upgrade loads of different modules to increase your production and defense, but usually you will have a hard time, which will force you to grind and open more doors. It will become an addiction, even if you don't really need more at the moment, but more is always better, right? Right. And then the moment will come: stage 10, 11 or 12, everything is fine, just one more door and boooom, hell on Auriga, 2 hours wasted, AGAIN. So keep in mind: one single door can lead to a massive escalation. Don't become to greedy, especially if you've already found the exit!Pro:unique and interesting game conceptlovely artstyle and animationsunique and very different charactersfunny elevator conversationsrandom generated levelsdifferent capsules provide interesting different challengeshigh replayabilityit shares the same fictional universe, ergo references, and resources like it's the case in Endless Space and Endless Legendloads of different modular unitsit makes fun with friendsaddictiveContra:it could need a higher number of different itemsitems like armor or weapons don't change the visual lookmore possible conversations would be niceonly 2 difficulties and even the easiest one can become very in brutal in the last stages oftenmultiplayer has still some connection problems -> Devs are working on itno save function and midgame join option in multiplayer (your game is doomed, if one of your friends disconnects or you have to go) -> Devs are working on itConclusion:The game has triggered a door addiction for me. I could wander all day long through my home and open doors, close them and open them again...so satisfying, aw yeah. On a more serious note: the game is pretty great, addicting and the blend of different game genres works surprisingly well, which turns the game into something purely unique. My experience in single- and multiplayer was very good. However, the multiplayer has still some flaws like connection problems and no save/load function, which can ruin the fun sometimes, but the devs are aware of it and are working on it. If you're merely looking for a great multiplayer experience, then you should definitely wait for the update and keep your money in your pocket, BUT don't forget about this gem of game. If you prefer to play alone or don't have any friends (please insert 'forever alone meme'), then I can really recommend it to you. There are some things, which could be improved in my opinion and along with the multiplayer flaws I have to give 'Dungeon of the Endless' a 7/10 for now. The game deserves a 8/10, once the multiplayer is really finished. It's still a great game!7/10...just one more door----------------------~ Do you want to add something to the review or do you want to share your opinion? Feel free to make a comment."
76561198045741806,Recommended,249050,12782283,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,qtquazar,"Dungeon of the Endless is a terrific blend of RPG, RTS, TBS and Tower Defense elements that forces you to evolve not just your gameplay strategy, but your thinking paradigm as you advance. It also carries the inevitable 'pondering a potentially deadly situation' and 'permadeath punch' of a true roguelike.The core mechanic is exploring a dungeon level to find a rare resource 'dust' in order to power rooms to carry your crystal from a central location to the 'exit'. Dust is always in short supply, and so you will find yourself forced to leave rooms unpowered. Unpowered rooms allow a variety of incresingly powerful monsters to spawn, who will attack towards your crystal.You can use module slots located in each of the rooms to power either major modules (which give a resource boost); minor modules (which assist your chracters) or turrets, which defend the rooms. Balancing these out will be key to  a successful run. After you're done placement, you choose which door/room to open next, and a wave of monsters spawns from the unpowered rooms. If you survive, you major modules produce resources, allowing you to build more... and you either open another room, or make a break for the exit with the crystal. Deciding when to quit the floor becomes a critical strategic decision with a well-balanced double-edged risk vs. reward mechanic: milk a floor for all the resources it's worth and risk being overrun enitrely, or cut loose and make a panicked run for the exit?The characters trying to escape are varied and range across a variety of skills and playtypes, and finding a combination that plays to your micromanagement style (or lack thereof) is one of the game's brilliant design features. Especially when a key character dies and you're forced to substitute them with someone you're not as comfortable with/have to learn, or make do without.A lot of love has gone into the level and character design, and the pixel art is terrific. Sadly, the music from the launch trailer vastly outstrips anything in the game itself (and is also not on the soundtrack, for some unfathomable reason).This is a great game to experience core elements of different genres at the same time, without getting bogged down in the trappings of each (it allows the player a great deal of freedom in how to approach the game, at least initially). Highly recommended, but also fair warning: this will not be an 'easy' win for the casual or AAA gamer--mistakes come swiftly and are fatal.btw: The music from the 'Rogue Life' trailer for the game is the track 'On and On' by Tom Hillock. You can buy the album off Bandcamp. You're welcome :)"
76561198062523677,Recommended,249050,23774236,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Moxicles,"Dungeon of the Endless is a game of resource management, calculated risks, and careful positioning... as well as frantic re-positioning when the monsters inevitably overrun your defences.Each door you open grants resources that can be used immediately or stockpiled for later floors, but every room you reveal and can't afford to power becomes a spawn point for monsters. Before long you've created a sprawling maze of dark and dangerous corridors, and you're desperate to find the exit. Finally, after one too many close calls, you'll stumble across the elevator to the next floor. And you'll think, ""maybe I should open just more door..."""
76561198002642742,Recommended,249050,12665297,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Geneface,"While a degree of luck will lead you to a quick success, a certain amount of strategy and planning of resources will be necessary for the long haul. Dungeon of the Endless is addictive in its simple concept, but also has many layers underneath its core design as a rogue-like tower defense game.For 13 dollars and with the newly released online multiplayer, it promises its worth and delivers."
,Recommended,249050,12660580,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Ducce,"Other possible name for this game:""I have no idea what category this game should be in my Steam library""Using the same resources as in previous ""endless"" games , like endless space - this little pixle gem of a game is, if not the best - very much at the top of what these guys produce.Acting as a combined round based/resource gathering/rougelike/tower defence it takes place in colorful yet claustrophobic enviroments.Super hard with amazing player payback - I will play the hell out of it.-Adding co-op to the full game release only improved the deal."
,Recommended,249050,12694215,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,_hafri,"""Oh, this seems simple enough.""""The enemies aren't *that* tough.""""If I keep this up, I can escort the crystal to the end of the floor easily.""~EXIT FOUND~""I should probably move the crystal.""ALL HELL BREAKS LOOSE♥♥♥♥♥♥Roguelike that appears to be a mixture of FTL's pause based gameplay, tower defence and a few other interesting elements.Pseudo real-time, in the sense that combat happens dynamically but resource generation is gated to 'turns'. A 'turn' is triggered when you open a new door, and once you open all doors on a floor (unless there is some other way to generate resources outside of discovery and 'turns'), you're at an impasse until the next floor.The visuals appear retro in their pixelated designs, but are exquisitely intricate. Shadows move dynamically, lasers illuminate the environment, lights glow eerily in darkened rooms; it's really something to lay eyes upon and it looks spectacular in motion.I'm yet to complete this game on what I think is the highest difficulty (labelling everything with variants of easy doesn't distill much confidence), but I've had a blast doing it.It doesn't take much time for a single playthrough (even less so if you're terrible at it like I am), and it is cruel but rarely unfair. Be ready for the monster house that you unleash with the removal of your crystal.Only real gripes with the game are minor ones: the fonts used in the menus does not align with the visual aspect (modern vs retro), and anyone that has played Endless Space is going to notice the FIDS icons used to denote the currencies for research, levelling up and construction in all of their crisp glory which clashes wtih the game's general aesthetic. I get that the Endless (currently at a trilogy: Space/Dungeon/Legend) games are linked (which I think is cool), but it's still a little jarring given the overall style of DotE.All-in-all, I love what I've played of this game thus far (Steam game time is not 100% accurate as I have spent some time playing this on my daily train rides to work), and look forward to continuing to fail miserably in the future. Well worth it for the cost."
,Recommended,249050,12678670,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Mailer Daemon,"Amazing Squad-based dungeon crawler, with emphasis on resource management."
,Recommended,249050,12808386,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,jay-walker,"Awesome game. After 25 hours it feels like I barely scratched the surface. Finished it a couple times, but there is still many pods to alter game mechanics, strategies to try, characters to unlock etc.And I only finished on ""Too easy"" difficulty. On ""Easy"" I still get massacred every time..."
,Recommended,249050,12933747,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Broonsbane,"An rougelike addition to the expanding universe of the Endless, Dungeon of the Endless is an interesting hybrid of traditional rougelikes and a tower defense game.  Explore the dungeon with up to four heroes and defend your core with researchable towers while your heroes are busy elsewhere.  Great fun if you're a fan of random loot and building defenses."
,Recommended,249050,12669618,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,B.Isaac,"This game is a good example of hoe early access games should do things. I have bought several early access games and when they ""realeased"" they were still missing large amounts of promised content and while they tend to have most of the bugs fixed they are still in large underwhelming in the new content deparment.  Dungeon of the Endless tho is realeasing and it feels complete and is defently a game that I feel Great about supporting. The sound design is awesome and I love how unless you have an overarcing stragety with your resources your going to fail while at the same time you have to wing a bunch of descions on the fly. If any part of the trailier makes you in any way interested in this game, You shold buy it now. Dungeon of the Endless is a well polished product that will appeal to many diffrent types of people."
,Not Recommended,249050,23213906,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,inkh,"After having played this game for over 500 hrs, I have to conclude that this is a bad game.===Edit for the comments section:I spent a lot of time on the game, but that doesn't make it good.  It means that there was a lot of content.  Walking simulators can have a lot of content, Fallout 4 had enough content to fill several hundreds of hours but it doesn't mean it was a good game.What I believe makes a good game is challenge, with which Dungeon of the Endless does not give.  It attempted challenge, and did well, but a game can only be a challenge if it is not impossible.  With which Amplitude Studios hasn't addressed some edge cases that make the game so.I played the game thoroughly for the 90% case of winnable scenarios, the idea is good, the execution is just something I can't condone.  Please understand.If the game is only 90% winnable, it's a slot machine.  Not a game.And just as we can waste many hours on television or a slot machine, or reading clickbait articles.  The amount of time we spend doesn't make it a game.===A lot of Love went into this game, and I did like it, however it has a few glaring flaws that have not been resolved and I don't see them being resolved in the future.Amplitude Studios shares it's notoriously buggy programming, with simple issues like forgetting that an array starts with 0, causing very reproducible bugs.  Perhaps it's because they're spread so thin among several clever but poorly implemented games.Bugs aside, the problems are rooted in gameplay ..  But first, what the game does well.===Also, like Amplitude Studios, Dungeon of the Endless mashes up several genres together and does it miraculously.  If it's one thing I would like to credit them for, is that they aren't afraid to innovate and then put it into game form.  This studio is what the indie scene is all about.  Bringing truly new ideas into existence.+ The Cast, all the Prisoners, Guards, and Natives are beautifully illustrated and designed.  Animations are so immersive and dear to me, and the back stories are interesting and tease of story.+ Good meta gaming for deciding on doors together.  The game is a board game sometimes, sometimes it's a timed board game, sometimes it's a moba / tower defense.+ Great unique ideas.  Leveling up is based on Food, not how many mobs you kill.  Science is used to Research or to replenish your character's skills.+ A lot of random conditions make for stressful challenges, all of which can be arguably survived, some of which you can win.  Stress is good, it means you're being pushed to a limit+ Monsters are very varied and each have unique abilities.  None of the mobs are simple variations of HP and attack.  They all behave and target different things.===- However, where it suffers truly is in gameplay.  Like Dungeon of the Endless, the game is rather flow-chart-esque.  Random Scenarios don't really ask for varied solutions.  It's like being faced with an Apple and an Orange, but they both do the same thing. What's the point ?- There is no targeting mobs ..  At first this disappointed me.  Then I recognized it as part of the game.  Something that felt unique and perhaps confused for innovation.  After beating the game several times, and trying out several things I realize it as a glaring flaw.Imagine so, you have a character with a gun.  Yes ?  Guns are good at shooting things at a range, which it does.  However, your character is dead set on shooting ( at a range of course ) a mob he's predisposed to target all the way in the back.  So he runs into crowds of melee monsters just to get in range of shooting a mob that poses no threat.Effectively making ranged combat useless.Or perhaps, you've got a Dozer + Hurnas combination ( A testament to the game, I've memorized all the monster names and abilities )  The hurnas do a lot of damage to heroes, and the dozer attacks major modules ..But if you've got heroes in the game, they won't kill the Hurnas while it's killing them ..  The heroes will tap away at the Dozer which has more HP while they get killed by Hurnas.  That may be part of the game design ..  But it's awfully unimmersive.It's just bad game design, plain and simple.A possible solution would be to toggle the types of tactics characters use, it doesn't have to be true RTS, just choose things like ..  "" Target Anti Module Mobs "" vs "" Target Anti Hero Mobs "" and etc.  Maybe even make a little game of it ..- There are monsters that render your heroes entirely useless.  Which seems neat, and would seem to be asking the player to be challenged by having to build towers.  But there are also monsters that render your towers useless too ..And here is how this design flaw got past QA ..You see, in the game, there are random items that allow you to circumvent this issue.  Like an item that allows you to be cloaked from monsters so that you don't get targeted, so you can take out the monsters that render your towers useless ..The problem is ..  This item is completely random ( which is an example of a poor use of RNG ).  Effectively, you CAN be placed in unwinnable scenarios.  This is a big Rogue-like no-no.It's easily confused for "" difficulty "", but there's no challenge in it.  Because there's no win scenario.  You essentially get to choose whether your heroes die valiantly or your crystal gets destroyed.This issue would also be arguably circumvented if you could pick up your crystal and go but ..  You can't pick it up until you've found the exit.  So there are situations where you simply can't win.- I have played with all the characters in and out ..  There is no balance scheme whatsoever.  All of them basically fit into four categories : Nuke, Run, Operator, Combat.  Some characters can fulfill three of these roles at the same time ..  Some characters literally do none of these well."
,Recommended,249050,8258746,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,OneBlurredEdge,I'm having fun playing it.
,Recommended,249050,28089580,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,OGB Idle-Empire.com,This is a great roguelike/tower defense game that combines many elements well and blends them in gameplay very smoothly. The style and soundtrack are excellent and the characters are interesting and fun to play around with. I definately recommend if you're looking for something engaging and refreshing.
76561198087220255,Recommended,249050,30002461,Posted: 17 February,all,TheRealZorah,"Masterpiece.Very few games blend genres like this, and actually pull it off in a way that's enjoyable.Though I do only recommend this if you're open minded about games. It's not going to satisfy any particular itch--you play Dungeon of the Endless if you want to see just how creative indie dev's can be. The answer is really damn creative. Thank God we have Amplitude; what did the human race do to deserve them?P.S. ""Easy"" mode and ""Very Easy"" mode may be the only difficulty settings in the game, but they're both baying to mat their fur with your blood."
76561198045323950,Recommended,249050,12679822,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,GrimmTale,"Awesome game. Very challenging, totally unique and fresh.Here's some tips. Learn how the game works. There is a ton to take in, but the game is so addicting it only takes one session to learn all the hidden rules. Think 32 bit arcade Dark Souls Co-op.A tip on movement. If you need to gain some distance from an enemy to fire ranged shots. Click to a different room, (away from mobs) than reclick the room that you and the mobs are in and you'll turn back around and start firing.Criticism: Game is likely at it's funnest when playing with competent friends. However, there are a few functionalities that put a direct negativity to multiplayer.1: Not being able to save the game while in multiplayer is dissapointing. I agree it shouldn't be so simple as ""oh lets save a 3 player progressed game and I'll just finish it later by myself."" But we were at it for 3 hours and only got to the 7th level of the 12 levels on the first dungeon. Now the idea is kind of cool to do it all in one sitting, which if you can do, that'd probably be best. But some gamers are workers too, and might not be able to commit 6 hours for on session game. What I'd like to see is a ""group save"" function, where the save file is only accessible if all involved players are present.2: Keeping criticism 1 in mind with how long the session can last and how you can't save, you also can't re-join any game you somehow DC from. 3 and half hours of progress then ""poof."" Gone. You lost the hero you almost earned, and your mates will have to try and carry on without you. This happened to me and it was extremely dissapointing (because this game is extremely good.) After surviving hordes and hordes of some of the most difficult mobs, no one wants to die indefinitely to server problems.3: It's far easier to earn new heroes playing solo, since in a party of 3, there can be only one more hero added to the party and can only be controlled by a single player and only that single player will earn  that hero. Which from a different perspective may seem like ""only the ones who earn the hero get the hero"" but to me it's just a reason to not play multiplayer, which this game shouldn't be doing.In summary, embrace the multiplayer. Make it a bit friendlier. Other than that, awesome game. 4/5 stars.One more thing. The 32 bit art in this game is gorgeous."
76561198069167030,Recommended,249050,30327128,Posted: 4 March,all,Muffin Man,"Amazing game. Play it with friends.The good:- Music, characters and art.- The game always manages to surprise you.The relative:- Games take a while (2-4 hours), slow paced, repetitive.The ugly:- You will lose games to bugs (can be frustrating when you are 2 hours in a run).- Random people in coop."
,Recommended,249050,15486747,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,JerseyMilker,"It's hard to describe this incredible game to someone who hasn't played it.  It's a science fiction, fantasy, strategy, roguelike, dungeon crawler, tower defense, hoarde survival game with squad combat, RPG like progression and permadeath; It's a wild mashup of genres to say the least!  On paper it has an identity crisis, but the developers did an incredible job stitching everything together, and it feels amazing!None of the mechanics feel gimmicky.  Decisions have weight, and create a strong sense of risk versus reward.  It has that addictive ""one more turn"" feeling, with each ""turn"" being one room explored.  Combat is played out in realtime, with heavy emphasis on tower defense mechanics. After you find the exit on each floor, you must escort your crystal through the dungeon to the exit, while hoardes of enemies chase you down.  Ship and character options offer a ton of replay value with drastically different play styles.  Graphics and music are beautiful.  In a sea of bland forgettable roguelikes, this is everything I've been looking for in the genre, not to mention the only tower defense game that has ever grabbed my attention.PS. If I could find any fault, the tutorial doesn't explain all of the mechanics.  Only takes a few minutes to learn though.  Do yourself a favour and watch a quick video tutorial on youtube.  You'll find more enjoyment if you know the reasons for your frequent death ;)"
76561198049568493,Recommended,249050,15314308,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Matt Gambler,"Strongly recommended!TL;DR: Get this game. Very few weakpoints listed in the pro/con section. I made a video featuring a last man standing amateur tournament with 18 out of 20 playable characters, added to this review.Dungeon of the Endless does a lot of things right, taking the positive aspects of various genres andsurprisingly manages to mash them together without creating a big pile of crap.Not only is it fun to play, easy to pick up and hard to master, it also offers a great deal of replayabilityand nice community.PRO/CONI won't go with a full pro/con list here, let's focus on the very few cons.-- A few (currently 2 out of 20) playable characters need to be purchased separately and cost way more than what would be reasonable. Josh N'tello is included in the Dungeon of the Endless Chrystal Editionand Kreyang in the Endless Legend Founder Pack, an addon for a different game of Amplitude Studios.It has been stated on the forums that the Kreyang-situation will be adressed at some point in the future.-- Some footage from the trailers isn't actually included in the game or simply outdated, like the overworld view with the Necrophage Nibblers, or Max opening a door that takes a lot longer to open in the actual game.-- While the game features coop-mode, at this point in time it lacks a savefunction (will be added) and also offers a different and in my opinion not as enjoyable experience because of the missing pause-feature, which is an essential part of the singleplayer mode as you can issue orders while pausing.-- The secret hero of the game is rather a gimmick and in my opinion way too weak in comparison to the other heroes.-- often slowpaced, heavy focus on strategy and ressource management, also permadeath. Stuff like that isn't for everybody.That being said I thoroughly enjoy the game and can easily recommend it. Not sure about the chrystal edition because of the unreasonably high price, but that's something everybody should decide on their own, I got it anyway.I also created a video featuring a fully edited last man standing amateur tournament of almost all playable characters, where I not only shoutcast but at the same time explain the basics of the game in more detail.https://youtu.be/1_AYaGb2p3g"
76561198043987666,Recommended,249050,12675773,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,pineapplesauce,great game. great company. the early access was fun. the release is solid with tons of unlockables and countless hours of game play.  the procederal level design and the difficulty give this game loads of replayable. i was sold when i discovered the chef character donning a gas mask and wielding a 2 handed machete. like risk of rain amazing characters to unlock and level up.
76561198076772347,Recommended,249050,34876010,Posted: 10 September,all,write-to-me,"Dungeon of the Endless has been out for 3 years now and the rave reviews still come in almost every day.  That alone says something about how good this game really is.I still haven't beat Easy.I still love this ridiculously brilliant & elegant game.  I'd almost call it ""digital heroin"".It hits all the right gaming thrill spots for me:  Action, tower defense, strategy, resource management, and lots more.My only complaint:  Why won't Amplitude make a sequel or something very similar?"
76561197999651034,Recommended,249050,12827772,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Capt Spooky Ghost,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, best money you will spend on a game. 10/10 replay value, 10/10 satisfaction after winning.Dungeon of the Endless has not only great 32bit art but also amazing sounds and gameplay in general. This game has everyting a gamer would love, little bit of rpg, big chunk of tower defense, and big scoop of strategizing.There are just so many things you have to keep in mind, so many trials and erros, and the fact that it's all randomized each time you play is just pure genius. Yes, indeed you also need some luck due to the fact that it's randomized, but that's what makes this game THE game.Even though it's so frustrating at times it just makes it that much more satisfying to finally beat it, it is so challenging that you don't want to try the ""too easy"" option, it brings out the inner gamer competitiveness in you (seriously don't puss out and do ""too easy"").At first you may go ""WTF this ain't no RPG man you cant even control the damn heroes the way you want!"", but as you play the game you will realize how ♥♥♥♥ing wrong you were.This game IS RPG, maybe not the RPG you are normally used to, which is what makes this game so unique! Just that hint of RPG, the roles of heroes that you need in a group, the dream team, it just makes my inner nerd so HARD.You seriously have to put your soul in this game, you have to figure out every little details to fully enjoy it. It is so simple that it's complicated, this game will test your limits and to break those limits you will have to use everything you learn and know about the game to beat it every.single.time.In all, to me the best part of the game honestly was the ending scene, it has no fancy cinematic or anything at all, just one mother♥♥♥♥ing epic cutscene, it makes everyting just so worthwhile, too epic, so majestic. It just makes you want to beat it again with different heroes.DO NOT get this game if you are impatient or if you do not have good game senses, I guarantee that you will probably stop playing after couple hours.It is a VERY hard game so I recommend you play with at least 1 or 2 really good friends that you can communicate with at all times, or else you are going to have a bad time. COMMUNICATION IS KEY (you can trade all resources with other players at any time, don't hoard resources if you don't need them, ask for resources!)-You can trade resources by clicking your resources at top left of the screen-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------SOME TIPS: Leaving a hero in a unpowered room makes it so that it's ""slightly lit"", which makes it so that mobs don't spawn from that room. THIS IS KEY TO WINNING, so make sure to place them strategically after each waves and such before opening any more doors.Never get the same module updates as other players, pick a role and stick with it, DO NOT get greddy.It is also important that you play this game like any other RPGs, pick a tank, dps, support.I recommend having 1 range dps, 1 tanker, 1 runner (fastest movement speed for crystal run at the end of floor), and a operator with high wits for that extra resource boost when operating major modules.I also recommend getting Tear Gas and Smoking Gun for offense because with those 2 combos you will melt the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of mobs with ease. (Tear Gas is ♥♥♥♥ing dope, that defense reduce so sexy as hell)Every other minor modules are not really necessary to beat the game, other than Autodoc Shards for heals really late game. What I did was have a room full of Autodoc Shards as a back up ""healing room"" for emergencies or for fighting bosses that appears late games.Prisoner Prods are also good for cheap defense for early games and such, upgrade them ASAP for easy wins early floors.Although not necessary to win the game it will be a lifesaver to have the Emergency Generator major module for late games when dusts are rare as ♥♥♥♥.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------There are still some annoying glitches such as not being able to buy or sell♥♥♥♥♥♥to the merchant, which can be a HUGE pain in the♥♥♥♥♥esp late game, but bear with it and just play the game through.This however is easily fixable during a solo play by saving and quitting then just continuing the game again (for some reason this fixes everyting, yay :D). Still a huge pain in the♥♥♥♥♥since you obviously can not do this during a multiplayer game.With this in mind you will have the best chance to beat the game, it will still take incredible amount of replays to get it just right, so be patient and hope for the best.BUT SERIOUSLY BUY THE GAME AND PLAY IT, ENJOY!P.S. no you can not trade items with other players sooo don't be hogging all the chest you come by."
,Recommended,249050,12270231,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,"Arthur, King of the Britons!","I was a little hesitant to buy this game at first, it seemed a little ambitious, but then I played it, and Holly crap is this thing good!Dungeon of the Endless is phenomenal. With its rogue like elements, always keeping the tension flowing. (even during the first floor!) The sections of RPG like stature, and not to mention the brilliant flushed out strategic thought, is compelling. You will die A LOT! But, surprisingly, you don't get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off. Everytime you start a new floor (level) it's competely different. So each time you die, and restart, it's like you're playing a new game.Very few games are quite this flabbergasting.Dungeon of the Endless is a must-buy, and if you like RPG's, Strategy, Tower Defense, you name it, this game has you covered."
,Recommended,249050,12665752,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Scipo,"This game is far FAR more entertaining that it seems. It's a rougelike, dungeoncrawling, tower defense, all in one. You select you party of up to 4 characters, level them up, build modules, explore floors of this dungeon and try to find the exit and keep rooms powered while still protecting your Generator (crystal) from monsters that spawn in unpowered rooms. Every time you open a new door, theres a high chance for a new wave to appear. This game was well worth the $15 dollars, and the $7 extra I'll use to upgrade to the Founder pack."
76561198046820866,Recommended,249050,12666604,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Mezzo,"Played in EA, was well worth it then, and is well worth it now.Currently, single player is extremely solid, and I was able to play(and die) and play(and die) and play without issue. Multiplayer has had a few bugs here and there, but mostly everything works out.  It is a fantastic game to try with a few friends on a VOIP and good fun to try and survive until the end.9/10 would get to floor 3 and wipe seventeen times."
76561198045966652,Recommended,249050,12664011,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Captain Cabinets,Amazing game. Reminds me a little of FTL in that tiny mistakes can get you killed and the fact that even easy mode is no walk in the park. Incredibly replayable too even if this sometimes means replaying the first floor time and time again. Would definitely recommend!
76561197970731572,Recommended,249050,12665395,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Kokuryu,"Game is so hard and when you come back its never the same tileset, so your experience will always be different, and difficult. D:"
,Recommended,249050,25721046,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,kaymenex,"I love the complexity of the strategy, the diversity of the roguelite experiences each time I play, and the art style is wonderful. Multiplayer is very stable, and a real challenge compared to the way one learnssingle player. Learning through experience is fun and while I don't always have the time to finish a game in one session I keep coming back and enjoying the runs"
,Recommended,249050,12858694,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Brevven,"Another great game from Amplitude.  The lore ties into their other 2 games (Endless Legend, Endless Space), and there is a feeling of awe as you discover bits of the lore.This game is basically a 4x-towerdefense-roguelikelike. The resource management has a lot of similarities to a 4x game and you sure have to explore/expand/exterminate and to some degree exploit. To really optimize your play, you have to consider some TD elements: wave management and turret choice (and Hero location) is very important, but the feel of the game is very roguelike. Failed runs feel like roguelike failed runs. Sometimes the RNG is against you but you always think you could have found some way out."
,Recommended,249050,22308450,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,emerlinsky,"To put it simply, I am in love with this game. Simple to grasp yet hard to master.I come back to it whenever I need to relax.A rush to the surface, regardless winning or losing has something that gives me a feeling of joy.Can't recommend highly enough!"
,Recommended,249050,12717634,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Wonka,I am now afraid to open doors in real life.10/10
76561197972326522,Recommended,249050,25597275,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,AbruptionDoctrine,"No combination of this game should work, but it does. Turn based rogue like strategy tower defense."
,Not Recommended,249050,21072586,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Kengo_,Game has been out for 2 years and still crashes in multiplayer. which completely ruins any chance of having a good run with friends if thats what you want to do.
,Recommended,249050,15549014,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,iKindred,"Very solid gameplay and mechanics, astonishing art direction, challenging and addictive. This game is a gem and worths every penny.I hope AMPLITUDE continues supporting the game and releasing content."
,Recommended,249050,13447519,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Tudhalyas,"This is a tricky one to review and I have just started to scratch the surface of it, but here it goes.First of all, the story: you are forced to flee on an escape pod before your starship gets destroyed, and after you crash-land on planet Auriga you find yourself in a depths of a multi-level dungeon, from which you have to escape with the very few resources you have at your disposal and whatever you can find in the ruins, fighting monsters in the process.Don't let yourself be fooled by the pixel-art graphics (which are beautiful if you are into this kind of thing) and think that this is a simple game. It's not easy at all (despite the fact that the initial difficulty levels are labelledeasyandtoo easy) andyou are going to die, a lot. The music also has a chiptuny, retro-style which fits well with the graphics assets.The game style is a very nice blend of RPG, tower defense strategy and roguelike games. There is a constant feeling of uncertainty and fear, since stuff happens whenever you open a door: you might find new loot or something/someone else, you might trigger a mighty horde of monsters coming for you, your resource nodes, defences and/or your energy crystal (which, if it breaks, leads you to a game over). Resources are scarce so you will have to think well how to spend them; moreover, the fact that the dungeons are procedurally generated means that such a strategy will have to change whenever you restart the game.During the game you can research for new weapons (both static defenses and items for your heroes) and for new, better resource nodes.To me, it feels like a board game (a feeling that is enhanced even more in multi player) that changes every time you play; the board game closest to Dungeon of the Endless I can think of is Munchkin: whenever you open a door, you don't know what you will get. Riches? Monsters? Even worse? Nobody knows, but -- unlike in Munchkin -- at least your companions won't turn against you. :)If you like roguelike or tactical games with strategic elements and you're a fan of sci-fi settings in general, I highly recommend you Dungeon of the Endless.My vote: 8/10Update 20/12/2014: Upped my vote from 7.5 to 8 as the game isreallygrowing on me. I've died countless times already yet I keep coming back for more.Update 27/12/2014: added a Munchkin reference, for those who know the board game."
,Recommended,249050,14434269,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,IcyNoobsgamer [NL],"This game is a rogue-like strategy with multiplayer, it also has a few Tower Defense and RPG-elements which add nicely to the game.*If you dont care about your first run, skip to the pros/cons*So what happens in a nutshell your first time:You dont know WTF is going as you got put into with 2 characters you dont know.You open the first door...♥♥♥♥♥♥monsters are attacking me/core and how do I light up this room?Apparently resources are used for building, healing and leveling your character. Wait there is more then 1 tab which I can build from?You continue to find more monsters and some loot to equip for your characters and find the exit.You are like: ""How do I continue?"" and after a while you find out that you can pick-up the crystal from the start and go to the exit to the next floor. But as you try to do that and forgot to lit up some rooms with your dust you get swarmed by all monsters that spawn from the ""Exit event"" and die.Pros:- Fun to play after you found out how to play- Strategy elements are really needed to win the game- A run on easy can take up to 3-4 hours. Which you can split up into multiple segments by save and exit.- Multiplayer can cause ultimate chaos for you (and your friends)!- Unlockables, every char you have to survive a few floor with before you unlock them and to unlock each new ship you have to win the game with the last ship you earned or achievements!- Game get regurarly updated with some new content and its bugfixes.Cons:- As of now the multiplayer still has a few bugs if the host or someone who joins times out for a few seconds, which makes the one who joined invisible for the host (however this can lead to some exploits like double loot from a room)- You need to learn how to play the game before you can actually start enjoying it.- If RNG isnt on your side in the later floors you can get f**ked real hard and fast.- Micro-managing can be a pain in the butt.Conclusion:Dungeon of the Endless can be a endless pain if you dont know what you are supposed to do. But as you progress and start to learn more as you go on this game is endlessly fun. Every run is unique due to the random layouts on each floor. You can have a floor with no monsters and then your next floor nothing can be lit up. RNG decides a lot in this game which is a good and a bad thing.If I had to give this game a score it would be around a 8/10"
,Recommended,249050,15024924,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,MJ Flood Your Wrist,"Introduction:DoTE is an interesting take on Tower Defense, coupled with what should be turn-based RPG, Rouge-like squad combat.Initially i was gonna give this one a pass, considering i dislike the turn-based aspect. But here the combat itself is done in real-time, so i thought id give it a go.The only turn-based aspect to this title, is in essence; the opening of doors. Once you open a door, you are commiting your turn. Resources wont generate in real-time, instead they will increase based on each turn (door opened). Though i may have very little experience in the case of turn-based games (never played FTL, for instance), i would say that this game is as close as ill get to enjoying one.Graphics:The pixel art style here is done very well, especially on the characters. The environments are nice too, each varying style of floor have their own theme. Though maybe they are slightly *too* static, in places. Admittedly there are some animated effects that compliment rooms, like blinking rats, candles and toxic/electro-magnetic 'aura's' (which in the case of the last two; play into the game mechanics).Idle and movement character animations were very well-done and add a lot of flavour to the style. I was hoping for more variation in attack animations for each Hero, though. Yet at the same time i will say that they are more than adequate.The UI/menu presentation is of its own style and its non-obtrusive and easy on the eyes. Players are given the option between a large/small UI/HUD based on their own personal preference.Audio:Whoever did the music, has really nailed the atmosphere for this game. Probably one of the best aspects to this game, i think. The sound effects themselves are adequate, nothing bad about them, nor is there anything overly impressive about them either. There is no spoken dialogue, yet there are text based conversations between Heroes.Gameplay:To put it simply; its turn-based tower defense with real-time combat. You move, in real-time, your group of up to 4 Heroes through a procedurally generated dungeon. Enemies/monsters wont have a chance at spawning until you open a door, so its important to plan before opening too many doors. You can place Minor/Major modules (Automated Weapons/Resources) which is where this game gets its Tower Defense tag from. To expand on that, the player is constantly having to choose between risk/reward. For instance; do i save my resources for the next floor? Or do i increase the amount of weaponry (Minor Modules) i have in this current floor, to aid my Heroes? Its quite risky hanging onto your resources and hoping your Heroes will get the job done, on their own. Yet if it pays off, come the next floor (or many after, due to an overabundance of resources), if you manage to succeed.There have been many times where ive lost a Hero or two, because i attempted to hoard my resources. This is by far the most challenging aspect of the game for me. As im constantly trying to ensure i use 'just enough' Minor/Major Modules to keep my neck above the water, so i can bank enough resources for the next floor.The combat itself, which was an important aspect for me buying this game, doesnt give you direct control of your Heroes attacks. Rather you have real-time control of their movements and their attacks are automatic, if in the same room as enemies.A wide variety of strategies can be deployed based on your Hero setup and/or your preferred play-style. This gives the player the sense that he/she can beat this game in a variety of ways. Which is a good thing. For instance, you could level up your Heroes and Tactical HUD Modules to increase their stats and effectiveness in combat. Alternatively you could research Minor Modules which come in the form of base defense weaponry, focus on accumulating more science points and upgrading those weapons further. That wont necessarily increase your Heroes stats in combat, but will increase their chances if they occupy the same room.Both of those strategies will require quite differing tactics in order to succeed. I tend to use the latter and got as far as attempting to hoard enough resources so i could afford the former. That lead to my eventual death on the 11th floor.Narrative:This game definitely has its own edge in humour. Which is mainly played out through small story arcs that happen between certain Heroes if they are grouped together. Some of the dialogue/bio's got a few chuckles out of me alright, especially the midget who is obsessed with his disparity in height, so much so that he has worked his muscles and upper-body strength to the point where he can wield over-sized weaponry. Inbetween levels, in the elevator, he said something to another Hero that made me lose it. Ill omit that considering i believe it belongs in the game, not this review. ;)If certain Heroes are grouped together for enough time (ie. levels/floors), their dialogue will eventually lead to an end in their story which will have either a positive or negative effect on both of them. This gives the narratives a purpose, as in, its not just tacked on. Its complimentary.Overall:A solid offering. I was pleasantly surprised at how much i ended up enjoying this game. Initially i was very aprehensive as i really dont like turn-based games, but i believe that DoTE should appeal to both fans of turn-based games, and those who arent but have an interest in tower defense with squad based combat. Ive clocked like 33 hours so far and i havent beaten the Dungeon yet, so in regards to longevity i do believe this title should fulfill that aspect for most people.Personally i dont really care for rating systems, so i wont attempt to do one here. +Recommended. :P"
,Recommended,249050,9353191,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Laurence,"This extremly underrated game is definitely worth the little money if your into rogue like, tower defence or rpg."
,Recommended,249050,15559249,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Ksempac,"A very good surprise ! Based on the trailer, i was expecting a basic roguelike or a ""roguelike-like"" (like FTL or Binding of Isaac). So i was expecting something interesting, but not very original. But it turns out Dungeon of the Endless is a completely unique mix of roguelike, tower defense and ressource management.The game asks you to explore a dungeon with a group of 1 to 4 heroes. But each time you open a new door, it starts a new ""turn"". At the start of each turn, each dark room may spawn monsters. You have to clear all the monsters of that wave to ""end the turn"", and get automatic and full healing of your heroes. When the turn is over, you're free to build more stuff, change the inventory of your heroes, etc. The game is in a suspended test until you feel ready to open a new door.I talked about building stuff, because that's the second part of the game, the tower defense aspect. Your heroes do not have to face enemies all by themselves, you can build offensive and defensive structures, that will hopefully stop the monster waves. You have many available buildings, so figuring out the best way to lighten the load for your heroes is of critical importance.The last part, the resource management, comes from the fact that 3 buildings are here to produce 3 resources. Industry is what you have to pay to build. Science is what you have to pay to research new technologies. Food is what you use to heal and level up your heroes. The last ressources is gained automatically but is in very short supply: Energy is what you use to power a room. A powered room is automatically lit, and therefore can't spawn monsters, but also is required to build structures. A structure doesnt work unless it's in a powered room.So, with a limited amount of resources, and building spaces available, you have to figure out how to maximize the resources you currently need and also prepare for the future, as the latter floors will be deadly. The goal of the game is ""simply"" to reach the exit of each floor, until you get to the last floor and can finally escape the dungeon.As i said, Dungeon of the Endless was a very good surprise, i wasn't expecting that. Once i got the hang of the system, the game became very addictive, it definitely has that ""One more turn"" aspect that all turn-by-turn gamers know well enough. You always want to open one more door, until you notice it's 2 AM and you should have been to bed a long time ago. It's hard to leave the game when your in the middle of a run, and want to know what will happen to your crew. Somehow, i've logged more than 30h in my first week of play, even though it felt like half that, because i was so engaged in the game.Dungeon of the Endless also manage to be fairly accessible. Though it doesn't explain all its mechanisms and you will have to figure some stuff out it offers two difficulty modes ""Too Easy"" and ""Easy"" (yes the developers are cheeky) to cater to different groups of people. Too easy difficulty should please people who aren't too familiar with roguelike mechanisms, or people who just want to enjoy the game without having too much trouble. Easy difficulty is definitely 2 steps above that, and should please people used to roguelikes, or games such as FTL.Moreover the game has good replayability. First you get many different characters, who are all interesting to discover, unlock and play with. Moreover you will be able to unlock new ""Escape pods"", which change the game rules, and therefore the playstyle you will have to use. One pod gives you stronger heroes and weaker buildings, one pod is the opposite, and others pods mix things even more. Some will even up the difficulty quite a bit for those looking for a greater challenge.An interesting twist is you can also play the game online, with others people, which change the rules a bit and will also increase the replayability.To sum it up, Dungeon of the Endless has a pretty artstyle, a unique and interesting gameplay, a very diverse and well made cast of characters, and has good replayability. Definitely a big thumbs up for me !"
,Recommended,249050,29717662,Posted: 5 February,all,Misery,"So, what a surprise this game has been for me.  As a fan of roguelikes, strategy games, and tower defense (when done right), of course I had to try this one out.  And I've just been blown away by pretty much everything about it.Dungeon of the Endless is hard to explain in alot of ways, being such a mash-up of genres.  You have a squad of characters, but unlike usual squad-based strategy games, your team alone simply isnt enough to do the job.  They cannot make it through the massive dungeon by just clobbering monsters themselves, as the monsters are too numerous, and too strong.  And this is where the tower defense aspect of the game comes into play.Each room of a given dungeon can have a random setup of module points... spots where you can place your various modules (towers and gizmos) to deal with everything the game throws at you.  You have major modules, the sort that produce resources, or have special global effects.  And then you have minor modules, which are your weapons and defenses... all of the turrets and explody things that give you the ability to defend against the monsters.  Minor modules will tend to go all over the place, but major modules are harder to find a spot for (and much more expensive).  There is a huge selection of different gizmos for you to use, each of which does something different.  There are basic damage dealers, virus injectors that tend to target ""special"" monsters and do big damage over time, supressors that increase the damage of heroes in the room, and all sorts of others.   You have a ton of options here.But again, this isnt JUST a tower defense game.  Your heroes are just as important as your towers; you need both sides of this game working together if you want to have a chance of surviving.  Heroes have their own RPG-ish stats, and need to be levelled up by spending food on them (one of the game's four resources).  They also gain passive abilities, and active abilities, every single one of which is important.  Knowing what your heroes can do, what roles they are good at, and how their abilities can fit into your tactics for the current situation is very important.  What's more, there are lots of items to be found, pieces of equipment that you can give to them.  Weapons, armor, funky gizmos... all offering different stats, and many also offering passive abilities.  Heroes end up being every bit as diverse and interesting as your modules, and there are quite alot of them to pick from.On top of these things, the basic flow of the game is unique.  You'll start each game by choosing 2 heroes from your roster (many of which start out locked).  From there... into the dungeon you go.  Dungeons are of course randomly generated, and you never know what you're going to find.  The game as a whole is a funky combination of real-time and turn-based.  The turn-based aspect comes into play with the doors of the dungeon, one of it's most important aspects.  When you're just standing around doing nothing, not much will happen.  Enemies arent just going to constantly come at you or anything.  You're free to move your guys around and set things up, as you have all the time in the world.  Until you open a door, that is.  When you do that, you advance to the next ""turn"".  All of your resources (except dust) increase, a new room is revealed... and then, the monster waves can come at you.  The game will generally tell you how many are coming, and a ""wave"" is simply a group of monsters that spawns in a particular room.  All of these waves will spawn at the same time, and they'll start making their way towards the crystal, the all-important thing you need to defend.  When the waves are defeated, your heroes instantly heal to max HP, and you're back into that ""calm"" mode, with no more monsters showing up until the next door.  Basically, doors are everything here. MOST of the game's mechanics, from waves, to cooldowns, to research, to..... everything.... will connect to the doors in some way.  And the layout is equally important: rooms must be powered to be used, and you'll never have enough Dust to power ALL of them.  Your gizmos dont function in ""dark"" rooms with zero power.  Those dark rooms are also where waves can spawn.  Figuring out what rooms to power and what rooms to turn off at any given time is a huge part of your strategy, and really emphasizes your constant need to make difficult decisions.  Same with the choosing of which door to open next.As for those waves, your enemies are just as diverse as everything else.  Each enemy does something different, and you cant just think of them as a faceless horde; knowing what each enemy does and how they do it is really important if you want to have a chance of stopping them.  You need to use the right heroes and turrets for the right situation.  Any given floor will randomly choose a set of monsters capable of spawning there, so you dont have to worry about the game spawning basically every monster type ever over the course of a single floor.All of these game elements mesh very well to provide you with a game of incredible depth (and incredible difficulty).  One thing I really, really love is that there are so many different ways to approach this game.  You can develop your own playstyle, figure out your own favorite modules and heroes, and come up with your own winning method.  Of course, the RNG will force you to change it up sometimes, as you must do in any good roguelike.  But overall, many playstyles are possible here, even on ""easy"" mode (which is actually hard mode... ""normal"" is just called Too Easy.  Someone thought they were very clever here).The problem:  The learning curve.  This game is *difficult*.  You'll start out, and chances are, you'll die on floor one or two... and there are twelve floors, each getting more ridiculous than the last.  And you might have a hard time figuring out how you can even begin to improve.  The game isnt very good at explaining itself, and since it's so unique, alot of the strategy can seem more than a bit obscure, making it super-confusing for new players.  And it often wont tell you about really important things, like the Operating skill, which really is VERY important but the rather lame tutorial wont even mention it.  What's more, the different passives/actives each character learns are super important, but... nowhere is any of this listed.  When selecting a hero, all you can see is their four basic stats.  That's it.  The game's very design seems to ASSUME that you're going to look at some ""learn the basics"" guides to get yourself started.  This can make for a brick wall for some players.What's more, the game can seem super-cruel with it's RNG.  It'll put you in situations that seem impossible.  It'll throw things at you that seem game-breaking.  It'll make you go ""how the heck could anyone manage that?  That's unfair!"".  In reality though, this is a very well balanced game, and there are always ways out of every situation... but it's up to you to figure out how to use the tools you have, and since the game is so very hard to learn, well.... good luck with that.  This can lead to great frustration, and LOTS of dying, which can be a problem in such a long game.But if you can perservere enough, if you can learn enough to at least get started and pass those first couple of floors, you'll find a game of incredible depth, replay value, challenge, and strategy, with tons of content, tons of outright fun mechanics, lots of tense, exciting moments, and so much more.  I play alot of strategy games, and alot of roguelikes, and so on.... but almost none of them are as good as this.But if you're going to try it, you have to decide:  Can you persist through the learning curve of doom?  Can you keep going despite getting wrecked quickly?  Can you master the game's intricate web of complicated mechanics?   If you think you can.... give this game a whirl.  Once it ""clicks"" for you, it really is an incredible thing."
76561197989273094,Recommended,249050,22762567,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,War,"Game-play is an engaging cross between Role Playing Game (with hero level ups and hero to hero interactions and back story) and Tower Defense. The album element is akin to both ""in game achievement"" and further immersion in the game's universe and back story. Tower defence elements and, in particular, dust/energy management make for significant floor layout strategies. Humour runs rampant through character dialogues and item names and descriptions. Somehow this game manages to blend not taking itself seriously and yet being a serious game to play.One part Original Rogue, one part Deadspace/Doom (re. creature vibes), one part nostalgia (Other endless references, graphics, game style et al.). I have found this to be highly entertaining and it will easily be a ""go back to"" game even when finished/fully unlocked."
76561198044368772,Recommended,249050,13624209,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Calso ★,"I have purchased so many disappointing indies this past year-and-a-half attempting to find a roguelike-strategy-combat-rpg-thingy as compelling as FTL. This is the one I've waited for. Multiplayer could use some tweaks to make it less tedious to manage resources among players, but other than that I wouldn't change anything. Please develop this into a franchise and take my money."
76561198006545785,Recommended,249050,13770267,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Rococho Ranger,"Massively addictive.At first the pixel art style put me off, but I've learned to love it.I clocked 5 hours in the first day and barely noticed the time slipping by, always a good sign."
,Recommended,249050,13398591,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,glraven,"Rock-solid rogue-like dungeon crawler with tower-defense element!  I think a brief description of the game might be the best way to help you decide if it is for you:In Dungeon of the Endless, your goal is to ultimately lead a band of unique characters out of a dungeon.    To do so, you must open new doors in each floor to find the elevator that takes you to the next level.  As a part of the game mechanic, the opening of each door counts as a turn.  Similar to the beacon jumping in FTL, everything happens within the turn is executed in real-time.The dungeon is dangerous and unforgiving place!  Research and build towers to help you survive.  Don't let the name fool you!!  The dungeon itself is not endless; it only takes 3-4 hours to finish a successful run.  However, finishing your first successful run can be a different story!!  It took me more than 30 hour to get there, and I wish you better luck :-)"
,Recommended,249050,12677447,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Xalynden,Every single decision you make is stressful as hell.What type of modules should I build in this room? Stressful. What kind of research should I choose first? Stressful. Which door should I pick? Stressful. Should I split up my party or keep them all together? Stressful. Should I switch out this party member for this new one that I don't have yet? Stressful. Should I just make a run for the exit now or should I go ahead and open all the doors on the level? Stressful. Which hero should carry the cystal? Stressful. Let heros fight separately or bring them together at a choke point? Stressful.11/10 Would stress out again.
,Recommended,249050,13582419,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,El Eder,"It's tough. My team has died... a lot. Haven't passed beyond floor 7, on Easy. 10/10"
76561198049275342,Recommended,249050,9004517,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Jaguar,"The game is still in alpha and that needs to be noted when looking at it. the game is fantastic. it is a rogue like game and if you like going down random generated dungeons then this is your game! each play through is diffferent. i never seem to get the same items or blue pronts so each playthrough is completelly different. some games i will rely on towers heavely others more on my heroes, its all luck and adjusting to your situation.be sure to handle your heroes well. light up a room ro two ahead for a Tower Defence style. or build up a heavily fortified room and some tough heroes. recourse management is key. tech or food? which one is more important. use the merchant and not expand? there is a lot of different ways to play and i havent had a repeat at all.    the game has some kinda koocky twist in everything. form the armor, items, and heroes. they are a kinda odd bunch.the game has improved alot from the first couple patches and it keeps getting cooler and cooler. one sucessful playthrough right now you are looking at 2 hours give or take. cool world, simple to play. basic controls, random generated everything. the community is a little small for now, but realy nice and always willing to help or give out pointers. the Devs are awsome and they interact alot on the forums with us. they take input and give alot of updates. there are some minor bugs, but they are hard at work fixing them and are up to day with us. realy awsome community for sure.I recomend this game, it is simple and oen cant get lost in over complexity. there is more features to be added in the future to! how awsome is that!? buy it while it is on sale. the direction this game is going has so much promise."
76561198155071592,Recommended,249050,31144642,Posted: 14 April,all,SpydiniMasta,"Just. One. More. Door. Then Ill go to sleep (Midnite)Just one more door, I swear.  (2AM)Yes I finished the run!! (Sunrise)"
,Recommended,249050,22309935,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,koala,"This game is a ♥♥♥♥ing struggle, an endless struggle. But it's a really good game and I like it better than FTL since the game is less relliant on rng and more on 'make the best out of the worst situation'. I say this because this game is backbreaking hard. We play hard games because theres more satisfaction in beating them, easy games are boring. But i've been playing for hours trying to get past the fourth floor and there is only two difficulties 'too easy' and 'easy'. This pretty much translates to 'easy' and 'prepare to die'. Great game once again, it's really cheap on steam now. I heard there isn't much difference between pixel edition and crystal edition so spare yourself the money.8/10 Great."
76561198004368051,Recommended,249050,28332962,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,DFuxa,"Dungeon of the Endless is a fantastic game that combines Tower Defense Gameplay with Rogue-like Mechanics. Essentially you start in a single room on each level you begin on. There will be doors which will lead to other rooms - which can contain resource, items, characters, interactable objects, the exit, enemies, or just nothing. Using Dust you power up the room and can use it to create defenses, resource gathering equipment, or strategic gear. Eventually you'll run out of Dust and won't be able to power up rooms - that is when the fun begins since when you open up subsequent doors, unpowered rooms may spawn enemies for you to fight.You play the game with a group of crashed landed prisoners, crew members who manned the ship, or natives from the planet. You can have up to four at once in your group, and they are what open doors, collect items and resources, and kill enemies. You'll need to keep them alive as without any characters left you will lose the game. Permadeath is also a thing - so losing a character is a permanent thing. However with the exception of one game mode, you can pause the game at anytime to plan your moves.There is a heavy emphasis on managing resources - kind of 4X styled. You have Food which you can use to heal or level your characters; Industry which lets you build up your Tower Defense items; Science which lets you research and obtain new tech to build new Tower Defense items; and of course Dust which is ultimately what keeps you alive.You see, Dust is really the nature of the game. If you run out of Dust - which happens when your power source (a Crystal) is attacked, you lose the game. At the same time, Dust is needed to power rooms - but you only have so much of it so you'll have to be strategic in what rooms you power.Your characters that you can have in your party or meet in your game all have their unique traits (and flaws). As you level up your characters they gain powerful abilities and permanent buffs (or sometimes debuffs). It will be key how you manage your characters as some are useful as straight up killers, while others are more supportive, others will be best used as resource gathers, and some are just useful for running around in general.The goal of the game is essential to escape with your crystal to each exit of the level, and proceed to the next level. When you get to the end of the dungeon you escape to win the game. Later levels will feature different and harder enemies then earlier ones - but in some shape or form you can see the same enemies from level 1 to the final level; albeit in elite forms later on, but still the same enemy. Care needs to be given when fighting enemies, as much like your characters they all act differently.I wholly recommend this game, even if you aren't necessarily a fan of Tower Defense or Rogue-like games. Dungeon of the Endless has a little bit of everything in it, making it an extremely unique game among many."
,Recommended,249050,13798439,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,8th | Cоsмоиaцт ☭,"What I love about Amplitude Studios and their 'Endless Universe' is that all thier games (thus far) take place in it. Endless Space takes place among hundreds of star systems, while Endless Legend focuses only on one planet-Auriga, at a specific (and unknown) time in galactic history. Dungeon of the Endless (DotE) connects Endless Space and Endless Legend-Amplitude's other games. It explains how the Vaulters, as well as many other factions, first appeared on Auriga long before the start of Endless Legend.In any case, gameplay is fun, interesting and addicting. It's a mix of tower defence and turn-based strategy; each door you open begins the start of another 'turn'. As you gather your team of heroes and adventurers, each with their specific traits and uses, you begin to become more and more attatched to them. Additions such as conversations between your chosen characters at the end of each level make it really feel as if members of the group are intracting with one another. GUI is pretty plain and straigntforward.One small quip I had with the game is that your hero party maxes out at 4; I felt like I could've had a lot more fun with 6 or 8 members. Probably just me, anyway.If you're a fan of the Endless universe, this game is pretty much a must-have. If you're not, well, this seems to be a pretty good place to start .This is coming from someone who has has minimal experience with rouge-like style games, and prefers his games to be a bit less pixelated."
,Recommended,249050,33276792,Posted: 5 July,all,Eydmin,Live > Die > Repeat
,Recommended,249050,12577701,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Remiarn,"So far I love this game it took me 18 hours just to beat the first map. Its challenging game with a surprising amount of depth with the resource management but, in the end the random maps keeps you on your toes. There's a lot of  strategy with managing resources, players, science tech, and towers. It's also dungeon crawling at its finest with lots of treasure, exploration, and new characters to find. I highly suggest you buy this game and play it you won't regret it."
,Recommended,249050,25458262,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,dEAdOnE77,The Strategy that emerges outof this Genremix is realy unique and its kinda roundbased but feels so like realtime. I´m not a fan of pixelated games but nothing holds me back recommending this game.
,Not Recommended,249050,13336581,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,torrenz,"I tried very hard to enjoy thisI bought it because it looked great and I got a FTL-y vibe and was interested in playing a more fleshed out tower defense game. However it has not grown on me after many hours.-there is virtually no reward for defeating monsters, only a small chance to gain 1 dust which is not kept between floors. even the large special enemies in the last floors yield nothing at all. you have to spend science and/or food in combat and you risk damage to your structures/heroes, so combat quickly feels like an undesirable chore and even a risk that discourages exhaustive exploration later on.-my first experience with the character story interactions was that the quick blue girl outright kills my fat rambo tank dude. This crippled my team in combat and the only thing I got from it was like +10% attack and -5% defense on the blue girl. I haven't seen any other interactions that are that bad, but the rewards are always something with almost no impact at all, which brings me to the next problem:-everything is a drop in the bucket. leveling and equipping your team, improving structures and farming resources - all these things progress painfully slowly, the best you can hope for is to very slightly improve your crew on each floor and still break even on resources. only rarely do you get something satisfying like a new weapon or ability from a levelup that affects your game right away. everything else is just about very slowly accumulating tiny bonuses. they do add up eventually, but it takes hours to reach that point. Winning is slow, but losing is slower. when you lose something important like a character or resource structures, the game slows to a crawl. you'll have to spend more resources for cooldowns/heals in combat, you might lose structures, you might lose dust. much like the incremental progression, your defeat in this game will be excruciatingly drawn out - the more ♥♥♥♥ed you are the more ♥♥♥♥ed you get, you will scrape by with 2-3 characters and make it to the elevator but you know exactly that you have no chance to beat the game anymore. Genuine game overs don't happen because you will just throw the game and start over instead of wasting half an hour trying to get as far as possible.-the tower defense aspect is very weak. there's only one turret available at the start, new ones must be researched with resources and cost 200-300% more to construct than the basic one. you will notice that it is not possible to ""funnel"" enemies the way I know I love to do in tower defense. if you get lucky with the layout you might be able to defend several paths to your core, but never all of them - the core itself cannot house any turrets, you would have to build turrets all around it which is just too expensive and not even reliable as they are quite weak and fragile when unattended (anything you build can be destroyed by enemies). overall turrets are expensive and unflexible, they will often be useless because half the enemies will use a path they don't cover.TL; DRcombat is a chore, progression happens extremely slowly with barely noticeable unsatisfying increments, tower defense works out poorly due to the need to fight enemies in multiple rooms, setbacks like loss of a character or dust are a huge bummer you will not recover from and will snowball to kill you very slowly, RNG is mostly frustratingthese concepts and mechanics are the only things I have a problem with. the audio is ok, characters are cool, visuals are great. if you like spending hours slightly increasing and decreasing numbers, this game might be for you."
76561198085898171,Recommended,249050,32883930,Posted: 27 June,all,Daywalker,"Very fun to play, but it can get old quick if you OD on it. Play moderately, or with friends ;)"
,Recommended,249050,12723317,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,The Great Saiyaman,"I bought Dungeon of the Endless way back, as it hits the Steam Store. There it was way more simple and unpolished, but the developers have done a great job in updating it contantly and working together with the community to create a really outstanding rogue like game with beautiful art stile, epic soundtracks and a challenging gameplay. It even got a multiplayer that changes the way you play the game, cause you share your resources with other players and communication is the key to victory.I might be ""fanboying"" a bit, but this game has really close to zero flaws for me. Maybe the multiplayer could get some more polishing, that is all what I have to complain about.The best way to get an idea of the rpg/tower defense like gameplay is to watch a gameplay video of it, in my opinion.One of the few games I would recommend to anyone, really outstanding development and outcome.Pros:- art style- soundtrack- challenging gameplay- unlockable characters- co-op multiplayer- different game modi through different starter shipsCons:- rare graphical bugs- multiplayer needs some balancing"
76561197995615231,Recommended,249050,12707970,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Teek,"When the game defeats you on floor 1 and your only difficulty options are easy and too easy, that's when you know the game is fantastic."
,Recommended,249050,15614729,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Faust,"Dungeon of the Endless....or: How will I die this run? And why do I restart every time? But first let’s take a look at this gem which keeps me nailed to the screen for hours. DotE is the third ""Endless"" Installment from Amplitude. You don’t need to know the other 2 and you don’t need to have played them. The story is simple: A Prison Space Ship crashes into an unknown planet, releasing its ""cargo"", prisoners and guards. Here they are, our newborn heroes. We should call them anti-heroes, because they are all pretty messed up, brutal, sociopath, misanthropic but at the same time, funny. If your humor is coloured black as mine is you will laugh a dozen times. Every hero has it’s own background, special abilities and some of them have a special connection, which you, the player, shall unfold. The game delivers everything in wonderful pixel-art, combined with a chilling, sci-fi soundtrack, so...How to play?This is the core of this game. It is a mixture of tower-defense, rogue-like, dungeon crawling and RPG. These 4 components fit together in a very unique, yet pretty awesome way, I would call it ""easy to learn, nearly impossible to master!”. Your task is to protect an energy-producing crystal, starting in a random stage, trying to get it to the exit. While this sounds simple on paper it gets pretty hard in reality. You start with 2 heroes, whom you pick just before entering the dungeon. Getting deeper into the dungeon you may or may not meet other heroes. First thoughts: Which one should I pick before entering? A Melee with good attack and defense? A ranged one? Or an intelligent contender, caring for your modules, producing more resources. Speaking of resources and modules. You are crawling through the dungeon, room by room. Every opened door rewards with ressources: Wisdom, Industry, Food and Dust. Industry is used for building stuff, wisdom to research new modules, food to heal or level-up your heroes. Dust is special. Your crystal needs it to produce more energy, because every room needs energy if you want to install modules or turrets. And you will need turrets. Not only resources but monsters will await behind every opened door. And to make it even harder, every room not getting energy from your crystal will possibly spawn new mobs. And they all know one target: the crystal! Mobs differ from stage to stage, forcing you to adapt and rethink strategies. Research is important to utilize your defense with different turrets, answering the mixture of monsters.Big Text, Quick Facts:Pro:Different heroes to choose from and unlockMultiple turrets + modules to strategize withHeroes can be equipped with different (funny) weapons, armours and gadgetsRandomized game + unlockable modes guarantee hours of re-playabiltyGreat (but unforgiving) AIPixel-art (if you like it)Con:It is very difficult, sometimes the first stage will be your lastYou will die a lot. Although this is not really a con this game doesn’t suit everyone.Story is fun but don’t expect too much of it.Level-design gets repetitive sometimes.Some heroes simply seem to be underpowered compared to others.Summary:Dungeon of the Endless is one of my all-time favourites already. It mixes different genres and what comes out is a brutally hard, yet unbelievably satisfying pixel-art gem. Although the background story could be better explained I like the way some heroes react and team-up with each other. There are some hidden stories I’ll let you find for yourself.You don’t care about dying a hundred times? You want to laugh about stupid item-names and weird dialogues? You want to build your turrets, equip your heroes and defend that shiny crystal? Hesitate no more, go get it. 9/10"
,Recommended,249050,8114250,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Dustbin,"A really really promising roguelike, with tower defence esque elements. It's really fun and has some interesting ideas, resource management, RPG character progression, randomly generated levels, and a decent difficult curve from what is available so far at least. It has a quite nice pixel-art style too if you're into that.That said, it is very much in Alpha right now and doesn't have much content (There's only three floors available). If you're looking for a GAME to play a lot of, and not an ALPHA to support, this is probably not the game for you. However even if you don't buy it do keep an eye on it, if they keep adding content this game will be great."
76561197996224400,Recommended,249050,11969232,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Ish,"A surprisingly deep strategic dungeon defense game with excellent pacing, sense of progression, and replayability.Premise: Your spaceship crashland on an unknown planet. You find yourself burried into an unknown facility, trapped, with only the hope of find an exit out of this treacherous dungeon. WIth a team of heroes, you must plan a strategic escape by moving your ship's powercore to elevator. Along the way, without knowing where your destination lies, you must open doors to dark rooms populated with monsters, hazards, or if you are lucky, treasures, recruits, resources and special events. One of your main decision lies in using the game's main currency to power rooms, preventing monsters from spawning. You also have to allocate resources to build defenses, improve your hero, and invest in long term tech growth.===Review===*Note: this is a beta review.Gameplay:+++ Great balance betwen Macro and Micro management. Macro involves resource allocation, where and when to power/unpower rooms, tech progression, defense placement and combination. Micro involves allocating heroes to point of defense, creating chokepoints, using abilities, etc. This is a huge plus because at any given point in the game, you will always make meaingful decisions for which you can be rewarded or punished.+++ Great Pacing. Pacing is determined by opening a door, which begins a new round: you gain resources, monsters spawn, you fight, etc. You can open as many doors and at whatever speed you wish; in doing so you dictate the flow of action. There's definitely as sense of joy as you become better at the game, especially in regards to making efficient decisions and this becomes every evident in your pacing.+++Customizable experience = Replayability. You can choose heroes and your spaceship in this game, which modifies the starting and persistent conditions of the game. For example one of the spaceship in the game changes the number of starting heroes from two to four and boosts their damage, but disables certain resources/defensive structures.+++ RNG = Replayability. Many factors are random as you progress through a level, such as what items you find, when/where you find merchants, which/when recruits you find, what special events occur, which monsters spawn, level layout, etc.--- Uneven difficulty. Do not make this mistake of using difficulty metric from other games. EASIEST difficulty = NORMAL,  play on easiest difficulty to learn game's mechanics. But once you've learned the mechanics, you'll find that easier difficulties take away from the play of the game, as abundent resources, weak monsters invalidates the need for better strategy.Strategic Elements:+++ Monsters have differentiated goals. Different monsters will prioritize different targets, be it your heroes, resource producing structures, defensive structures, NPCs. As such their pathing is different. Learning such differences adds depth to  the game.+++Well defined Hero roles. Most heroes in the game are specialized, which means that for any given situation you'd prefer some heroes over the rest due to their stats and abilities. This is good because your hero composition matters.+++All Hero stats are relevant. This is impressive because 99% of games out there get this wrong.+++All but one building in the game is useful.--- Why is this building in the game???--- Need more environmental hazards, such as cloud of slowing.  I feel like this aspec has so much potential, as it makes certain locations more strategic.---Needs more NPC types to protect. The merchant is great for the game since the bonus of keeping him alive is huge. But the game would be better if there are more NPC types that offered different benefits.Interface+++ Clutter free--- Skills need more information--- Need customization hotkeys--- Why is the Inventory window separate from hero windowVisuals+++Great color pallete+++Stylized characters--- hard to tell towers apart if build in very close proximity---hard to tell some lower tier offensive buildings apart from others due to their small sizeTheme+++ Interesting character bios+++ Flavorful naming schemes--- Wierd assortment of obsolete technology and futuristic technology for item choices.Verdict:Without a doubt, this game is worth a buy if you are interested in the defense genre.  Though it's hardly fair to pin this game down to any one thing in particular, as you'll find many elements from different genres that will add to your enjoyment, be it strategic planning/resource management, hero building/progression, basebuilding/defense, and a small slice of MOBA-esque hero micromanagement. In the end, all these things would be meanlingless if they didnt add up to a cohensive whole, but in this case, they do, and the game shines because all the parts ultimately add up to form a more intricate and interesting whole."
,Recommended,249050,8026292,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,systemchalk,"I'd be hesitant to offer a recommendation on a work in progress (something the game advises youf upon login), but this game really got its hooks into me from the first play through which is probably reason enough to give a recommendation. Let me first be clear though that the current version only offers 3 levels and so this is akin to paying for a demo with the promise of more to come.The simple premise of opening doors and dealing with the consequences offers a surprising amount of variety given the fact that the events are randomly generated (or so the advertisng seems to make me want to believe), and the presence of resources that must be managed effectively. I consider this second element something of a boon as any kind of game where you build a base (mostly Real Time Strategy, but this 'Dungeon Defense' can fall into the same trap) will immediately set me to designing the 'perfect base' which takes a lot of time and tends to keep me from enjoying all that a game has to offer. Of course, if you happen to like doing such things, there's no sandbox mode, so keep that in mind.In the present [0.1.1] version you must be mindful of Dust, Industry, and Food. Dust powers rooms and, if it falls to 0, marks the end of the game. Industry allows you to build improvements that do everything from improve your production to offer defense. Food heals, hires, and levels the characters you have under your control (starting with 2, maximum of 4). Resources (including character health) are restored when entering a new room, and so some element of guess work is involved in best preparing yourself for whatever the next room will bring.Success, as far as it can be measured in such a game, is achieved by picking up your crystal - the heart of your base - and bringing it to an exit once it is discovered. Easily the most tense moments of the game are created by the waves of enemies that attempt to prevent your heavily encumbered crystal holder from accomplishing this goal. Assuming the crystal makes it to the exit intact, you'll be presented with the next dungeon with whatever resources you had previously (as you might suspect, and I learned the hard way, committing all of your resources to achieving this goal is ill advised).There are possibly two considerations a potential buyer might want to be aware of before jumping in with this title. Similar to the publisher's previous title, Endless Space, fairly significant elements of the game don't seem immediately clear to a first time player, even after considering the tutorial. For instance, I assumed a character's level automatically increased by collecting food (it doesn't), and it took me until the second play through to both discover how to accomplish this and equip the items I was hoarding in my inventory. Fortunately, this title has very simple controls and so it is not unresonable to assume that most players would be able to figure these things out eventually, but this process of discovery may not to be all players' tastes.Second is simply the question of value. Is the game worth your money, and if so, does the Founder Pack confer enough benefit to justify the slightly higher expense. The game itself is definately worth it, and I myself went for the Founder Pack. FIrst, consider that the majority of benefits come from owning previous, and anticipated, games by Amplitude (and so you are likely to already be an owner of these games, though my copy came with a 1/2 coupon off for Endless Space and its expansion, so if you're not an owner, you have a good excuse to become one). The other major benefit is the participation in the G2G program. On this front I would caution that I was a long time owner and player of Endless Space and have not yet taken advantage of the points I have earned for that title. I also encountered difficulty when attempting to use these credits (resolution pending). So if the G2G content alone is the reason for upgrading, I would suggest going with the Pixel Pack. That said, as an owner of Endless Space, I don't regret my decision to go for the Founder pack.All told, I think this a very engaging title that is simple to pick up but doesn't go stale. Even in its unfinished state, it's a nice looking game with a wonderful soundtrack (another feature it shares with its predecessor Endless Space). I'm really looking forward to what the developers have in store as they complete their work on the title, but I absolutely feel like I got value for the money I spent even in its early access form. Check it out if you're looking to try something new."
,Recommended,249050,30540887,Posted: 16 March,all,flavio.manager,"This game is the proverbial bees' knees, a really fun and engaging take on tower defense with characters and resource juggling. Hard as hell and twice as fun, it is totally worth your time and money."
,Recommended,249050,13458466,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,thecowan,"Truly bizarre game, but one that works really well. This is a strange combination of tower defense, a roguelike, and Gauntlet; it sounds strange, but it's great fun to play. You have a team of heroes whose job it is to find the exit to the level, and get your power crystal thingy to that exit without it being destroyed. Sounds simple, but there's a lot of hidden complexity here. You can use your crystal's energy to power rooms in the dungeon, which stops creatures spawning there, but there's never QUITE enough energy; you need to decide which rooms should be powered, which rooms can be allowed as spawn points, where to position your heroes so they can stop monsters spawning, defend against those that DO spawn, protect the crystal, reach each other if they need help, gain extra supplies by 'operating' machines, etc. Each hero has a unique combination of abilities (and items you might find) which can help them specialize into particular roles.Sounds tedious, maybe, but it's fast-paced and fun. And extremely @#$@ing frustrating.cheap + fun = well worth a play"
,Recommended,249050,28068515,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Speakington,"One of few Rogue-like games I really enjoy. I can spend hours playing through this, changing up my team so I can get all the way to the end. I love the pixel graphics and the music as well. I can easily go back to this game whenever I get into that rut of ""I've played all these games, now what do I play?"""
,Recommended,249050,26977392,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lorenzo von Matterhorn,"I thought that I will find another tower defense game, but for my surprise is not another one.Unique, with a deep strategic factor and with  a back history that will push you to completeit and know all the parts that define that character.It pixel art graphics are hearthwarming and make me remember my childhood, but with that""it's not the 90's man, it's 2016"" message that you can see in every detail of this little piece ofart.Indeed, a must-buy in steam and in wherever you play. Play it, damn it, you are loosing time idyou don't buy this masterpiece at this price."
,Recommended,249050,13460085,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Влади́мир Пу́тин,"So, when I was a kid, I owned this big red tricycle. Well, it was big to me, because I was around three feet tall and couldn't balance myself on a bike yet. I liked riding this big red tricycle up and down the street my grandmother lived on because there really wasn't much else to do in the house aside from watch game shows on this crappy little eight-inch black-and-white TV she had in the kitchen. That, and eat lots of Cream of Wheat.One day, I rode my tricycle down the block, and there was this big pothole in the road that I never saw before. It was surrounded by yellow traffic cones so cars wouldn't accidentally drive through it."
76561198120888663,Recommended,249050,24627704,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Dehar,Great casual game with high replayability.Dark-techno and heroic setting.10/10
,Recommended,249050,25991039,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Bumpty Head,One of my faviorites. Relatively short play through times means theres lots of reason to go back adn try new runs with different team configurations on different ship with different rule sets.
,Recommended,249050,12852379,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Mr. Rockatanksy,This is the perfect blend of casual play with deep enjoyable gaming.
76561198060104677,Recommended,249050,24350344,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,A l m o s i n 私を殺して,"Dungeon of the Endless is certainly a unique experience. Packing a colorful cast of characters, beautiful art-style, and gameplay I could only describe as completely incomparable. Dungeon of the Endless is not a tough game to recommend by any stretch of the imagination."
,Recommended,249050,14018357,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,kranky,"Excellent Rouge-like dungeon defened game. Very nice looking, pretty hard and not boring at all. Hero's stories and game lore are brilliant."
,Recommended,249050,21900137,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,EternaTea,"In Dungeon of the Endless, you play as survivors of a spaceship prison, destroyed while in transit.  Your escape pod crashes in to a dungeon, and your objective is to clear all twelve floors and get the hell out. You start with two squad members, and can pick up more (to a max of four) as you go along.  The gameplay itself is very in-depth, and would require a windy explanation.  There are plenty of reviews that have done that, so I'm going to keep it short and let you know just what kind of game this is.Game elements that Dungeon of the Endless does well:Roguelike (with permadeath)Tower Defense (a variety of towers that you'll need to complete each floor)RTS (with pause, research and resource management)RPG (character leveling and equipment)Squad-based CombatEach of those elements exist here, and they're all handled perfectly.  The closest thing this game has to a failing is the weakish story, and limited dialogue.  Some of the dialogue is a little poorly written, as well.  The characters are crazy cool, though.  And there are lots of them to unlock.  Don't buy it for the story.  Buy it because it's a jack-of-all-trades video game that masters every job it sets out to accomplish.Warning:  This game is hard.  The two main difficulties are Very Easy and Easy.  In 70 hours of gameplay, I've managed to win twice.  On Easy mode.  And I've loved every second of it."
76561198018326356,Recommended,249050,30111880,Posted: 22 February,all,Lowenly,"An interesting mix of roguelike, turn-based strategy, and tower defense, Dungeon of the Endless crash-lands a group of futuristic adventurers into an abandoned facility on an uncharted planet.  Each floor of the facility is broken up into rooms, and opening a new room begins a ""turn"" in which monsters might spawn, skills recharge, and resources are generated.  When monsters attack they make a beeline for the player's escape pod, which must be defended with strategic placement of the controllable adventurers and turrets placed in between waves.  As a roguelike no two runs are ever the same, with different dungeon layouts, characters, and items completely changing the best method of survival.  The game even offers online multiplayer with each player controlling a single character; a simple change that makes for an enjoyable collaborative strategic effort.  Now, Dungeon of the Endless is NOT for everyone, as the high level of strategy, planning, and resource management required for a successful run (not to mention the possibility of bad random chance ruining said successful run) makes for a very slow and methodical game experience that can feel more like staring at a spreadsheet than a dungeon.  That said it is an expertly-crafted game jam-packed with content and possibility for the aspiring chess master to sink their teeth into."
76561198031284690,Recommended,249050,8051091,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,GuNs,"Awesome game, of course still in beta, but has great replay value. The concept of the game is simply keep your crystal safe and along the way you collect dust witch is needed to power up the next dark rooms, you get dust by defeating the mobs, you also have to set up defenses and you get great loot from chest like blueprints or armor/weapons and you can upgrade your player stats by collecting food. You might also find a vendor or an extra crew member to help in the fight but will cost you dust. I am only about 30 hours or so but still a great fun game for a cheap price. I hope they add multiplayer or local multiplayer, but no mention in the forums, they have stated that they wll update the game every 2 weeks but have not stated what they have planned."
,Recommended,249050,25238234,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,BrainOfDane,"Pros-Beautiful art direction-simple concept-fair difficulty curve-sandvichCons-lengthy unlock processGreat fun for a group of friends, slow paced but requires a good sense of strategy and team direction. For any dungeon crawler or co-op fans this is a must have! 8.5/10 Get it on sale and have a blast!"
76561197970890209,Recommended,249050,8200324,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Nate,"Quite a worthwhile purchase for $10. I'm having a good bit of fun with 0.1.3 and can't wait for further development. Wondering how science resources will tie in.Its an intereting hybrid of tower defence and dungeon exploration with RPG elements. The graphics are highly stylized which provide an odd but not bad feel to the game.Note that mobs won't spawn where you have powered rooms. Control click to power or unpower a room. So this allows you to have powered room chains generating resources that don't require any defence. Mob will also only spawn from explored rooms. So you need to be careful how you explore. Explorer fully down room chains. Don't create unneccessary directions where you have to setup a defence. That said, full exploration of a levels 1 and 2 make level 3 easier since you can level your characters and accumulate resources."
76561198052291034,Recommended,249050,9192262,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Arco (Azaiel),"Dungeon of the Endless has been one of the most pleasant gaming surprises I have had in the last months. I usually don't trust early access games, and honestly, I am not too fond of pixelated graphics, but after reading the different positive reviews from other gamers, I decided to give this game a try.And what a nice surprise it was, up to the point that I have decided to make my first review in Steam to support these developers and their game. As you might have read, this game is a mix between roguelike and tower defense games. Though they are two very different genres, the gameplay is so smooth that they blend together seamlessly.The difficulty is hard, but fair. You are going to die a lot, but you will learn something new from each run. Everytime you play, you will perform better and better (or at least learn new tactics or approaches).The randomization of the levels and heroes makes this game replayable many, many times. However, this randomness can also provoke that some of the levels are more difficult (or easier) on every run. Overall, I really love this approach, as makes every game very different from the previous ones.In spite of being an Alpha, the game is very playable, and in about 6-9 hours you will be able to finish the 5 levels that are currently developed. However, you will probably come back for more runs.Pros:- The gameplay is a blast, even in this Alpha stage.- Excellent blend of tower defense and rogue-like games.- A game that makes you think and choose wisely your actions. One mistake can doom your run.- Very nice art style.- Randomness makes this game very replayable.- Distinct and interesting heroes.- Nice difficulty level which makes every advancement very rewarding.Cons:- Pixelated graphics. It is something personal, but I don't like them very much. However, as I priorize gameplay over them (and the art style is very nice), it is a minor complaint.- Randomization can make a level very easy, or very difficult (it is a good thing, but also a bad one). For me, it is also a minor complaint, as I love surprises...As you have seen, I don't think that the difficulty level is a Con. I prefer the game being difficult (or at least having that level adjustable), because I think that games should not be a walk in the park.Very nice game, and definitely recommended! Thumbs up for the devs, and I am eager to see the new surprises you have in development for us in the following patches!"
,Recommended,249050,12940820,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,tastyjerk|TNS,"Excellent!! Can't recommend this highly enough! If you're a fan of FTL or things in that vein, get this. It's dungeon exploration where every new room counts as a turn, while you're having to protect an ""energy crystal"" in the center of each floor (tower defense, place traps/weapons/defenses/buffs) while balancing resources and leveling up your characters and their gear!Each floor progresses by eventually finding the exit and having to carry the ""energy crystal"" across the floor through waves of enemies to plant it in an elevator to power you up to the next level. Permadeath for your heroes. So addicting and fun."
,Recommended,249050,12866580,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Aaron ♥ Yasuko ♪♫♥,"Extremely fun, challenging and with great taste/humor.Definitely a recommended game for anyone looking for addicting kind of fun with rewarding stages from start to finish.11/10 would buy again (so much i bought 3 copies, one for me and two for close people to myself)"
,Recommended,249050,12752658,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,darknj,"One word comes to mind when playing this game, hard.This game is hard, you will lose, plenty of times before you start grasping the ropes and you will steadily get better but you will curse yourself after each mistakes you made.In overall a good experience with lots of frustrations, but if you can go pass that you will fine a nice little game that isn't like any other, yes it's rogue like but that's pretty much where it ends."
,Recommended,249050,12747494,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Dieman14,"Really fantastic. Difficult and of course random (its rogue-like at its finest), it is also offering a multiplayer experience unlike any other out there. Tons and tons of unlockables as well."
76561197981048565,Recommended,249050,30696068,Posted: 23 March,all,Tenn,"This game is difficulty, rewarding and unique.It has survival themes, strategy and atmosphere to spare.I love it."
,Recommended,249050,35029935,Posted: 17 September,all,Zatchel,"Very, very good game.This game is something any tower defense and roguelike gamer would love... but is not exactly my type, I am not really good at RTS games.The game is HARD, the fact that the rooms are randomized sometimes screws you over when you find the exit door only at the last possible room. I have only one successful run and mostly is because I got lucky at the last level finding the exit relatively soon.Not only that, you WILL need to read a couple of tips and tricks to know some of the mechanics of the game as well as what the skills do (like operator) and what to aim for, if you dont balance your party correctly you will lose.Also, even a minor screw up during the round might lead to you losing since resources have to be managed a lot. And if you are feeling masochistic there is even harder modes and harder ""mods"" to change the game. Also each succesfull run takes a LONG time to be completed and if you screw up, its all the way back to the start...Its a good game and I recommend it, just is not exactly what I am looking for. If it was a bit more forgiving granting at least a save point every 3 levels (one that allows you to continue, not just save to take a break, then delete the savepoint) I would be more inclined to continue playing, but each failed run is very frustrating specially once you have reached a high level.If you feel joy when a game treats you like a dirty peasant (similar to Xcom does with Ironman mode)  and like RTS and tower defense, this is for you."
,Recommended,249050,8030131,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,doomowl,"after i played it for 1 hour, my answer is yes, this game is totally worth for a try~~"
,Recommended,249050,8702142,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Shinnieshan,"Think FTL, but better, and different, but still hard as balls.You Start DotE with two randomly chosen heroes and your generator in your crashed ship, with a door to a randomly generated dungeon.Open the door, explore the dungeon, build modules to collect resources, use resources to level up heroes and build turrets  that attack, increase defense, heal or cast status effects. Discover merchants and buy better gear, blueprints for better turrets. Find new heroes and recruit them to your team. Find the exit to the next level and get your generator there safely to escape.At this stage in the Alpha there are a few features locked, and as far as I can tell there is only 3 levels available but that is more than enough, because you will die. You will die A lot. As I said, think FTL.Other than that, it's fantastic. Look gorgeous and plays great, honestly had you told me this was the end product I would still have bought it and played it for hours. 100% recommended!"
,Recommended,249050,13555679,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,SteeScribbles,"An enjoyable RTS / Tower Defense / RPG hybrid with roguelike elements that will sink in your head for days. The gameplay is original, yet extremely challenging even on the lowest difficulty, the art-style is gorgeous and minimalistic, and there is tons of content just thrown at you at every turn. It's also story-lite so there's no walls of text thrown at you constantly.The game has a steep enough learning curve, only giving you a short tutorial on the basics, requiring you to figure out things for yourself.You start with two heroes, but eventually you will unlock up to two more hero slots as you find them in the dungeon, with a total of 16 different heroes available to choose from. Resource managing is key in Dungeon of the Endless.If you want strong characters, you'll need to build food modules,if you want tons of laser cannons to stop wave upon wave of enemies, you will need machinary resources.And if you want access to additional modules ranging from decoys, lasers, bombs, then you'll need to gather science resources.(Here is the part where I explain how to play this game, making it even more confusing.)The game has a unique ""turn"" system, designated by a door, i.e. when you open a door, a turn will pass, giving you resources based on modules you have built. Anything can happen during these turns. A wave of monsters can surprise you, power can go out, you may uncover a buff crystal or a research post, or a shop where you can spend a specific randomly chosen resource on some neat stuff.The objective of the game is to find the exit in the dungeon, allocate a hero to carry the crystal at the start of the level, and escort them to the exit, while of course, being bombarded by enemy waves.Rooms can be lit up using ""Dust"", the primary resource in the game. It's collected from enemies and certain rooms when opened. Dust is also the crystal's health, so if attacked, you will lose dust, thus losing power in rooms.Lighting up the rooms stops enemies from spawning during turns and the ""final"" phase, but also allows you to place modules on the dungeon floor at the cost of machinery resource.The game is perma-death, so if your crystal is destroyed, if your heroes die, or if the hero carrying the crystal dies, then it's game over, and back to level 1 again. There is a number of different ""pods"" you can choose from, all with various difficulties and requirements, so there is plenty to mess around with here.There is so much more to this game, including levelling up your heroes, learning new skills, abilities, picking up or buying/selling items, weapons, armour and accessories, triggering random events and most importantly, taking a whole bunch of risks.It's one of the most perplexing and gripping games I've played in a long time and you should buy it when you can.(There is multiplayer, however I haven't got around to taking a stab at it yet,  but when I do, I'll update this review.)"
,Recommended,249050,12665757,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Rocket league of legends,"This is a GREAT game that I think you should buy. NIce pixel style art! Hard and entertaining. And by golly the Merchant has a pet PUG!So far I have found almost no negatives in the Single Player. As for the Multiplayer though there eare quite a few problems but to be honest the Multiplayer has only just been introduced and the game isn't focused on the Multiplayer stuff.This game is perfect for playing alone, taking your time, saving and coming back to it whenever you have the chance.9/10"
76561198018884798,Recommended,249050,13935067,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,RalphRoberts,"A rather unique game well worth buying,I'd give it a 9/10 subtracting a point because one of the ships is available only through purchasing a different game from these developers.They've added the ship as a DLC, so I guess that means this game gets a 10/10 from me!"
76561198014577646,Recommended,249050,8009387,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Gustafssonz,"First impression: Awesomeness. I love the idea of a game getting harder and harder without any end. It's like when you were a kid, and the games actually was hard."
,Recommended,249050,22664727,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,piedol,"I'm a fan of roguelikes. I'm a fan of strategy games. I liked FTL. I like this game. If you're like me, you'll like this game."
,Recommended,249050,12636055,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Quatropus,"Let me state something that may seem a bit funny.  When I saw DotE hit Steam as Early Access, I hoped for a new dungeon crawler like Diablo, Path of Exile, Torchlight, and others.  What I got wasn't really what I was looking for and I put it down and did not touch it.  Fast forward to months after the purchase.  I decided to load it back up and give it a chance, due to the fact that I was starting to really get into rogue likes.  I didn't understand it, but I kept pushing myself to learn what makes this game work and if I can like it.  I started to understand and I started to like it, but I was terrible at the game and put it down again because of how bad I was doing.  Fast foward now to the present where I absolutely adore this game.  I finally understood the idea of modules, currency, dust, what stats do.  I'm still bad at it, but it's due to my skill and not for the fact that I originally hated it.  The art style, music, controls, mechanics, etc; everything here to make Dungeon of the Endless a fantastic title."
76561198094613262,Recommended,249050,12678212,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Maxdamage A.F,"Theres no single word to discribe how good this game is.... so ill use 2Flipping Amazing!!This is one of the best games to date, its so... New-Nquieso fresh, it smells of flowers.the problem is actuly getting it, because not many people know about it!!Its soo cool and new8.5 / 10"
76561198020007485,Recommended,249050,12661095,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,stilgar84,"Not one more turn, but one more door, one more floor... :)Can be played in short episode or in marathon.Good mix of randomness and planning. Push your luck but not too much."
,Recommended,249050,12974563,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Jackal'D,"Very fun, espcially the random rooms, if you like tactical games with basic controls, this game is for you."
,Not Recommended,249050,21011567,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Kenjataimu,"I've played several games with my mates and we've had such a great time. Our enjoyment diminished quickly however, when we encountered the terrible issues in the multiplayer system Amplitude Studios have implemented. You seriously can't rejoin the multiplayer match if you disconnect from the game, which can happen at any time. There is some serious polish missing that doesn't seem to be on the developers minds. I've read forum posts and dev updates that acknowledged the multiplayer as far back as in 2013 and there still isn't a fix in place. I'm very concerned that the developers haven't been able, or just avoided solving this very important issue. It's the only reason why I'm not recommending this game.The rest of the game is just a blast to play, but is ruined by the fact that your progress can be ruined at any time after doing a run for over 3 hours. Just disappointing"
,Not Recommended,249050,28620287,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Startled Penguin,"So let my start off by saying I love this dev, unabashedly.  I think they're great.  I think Amplitude is fantastic and I will still buy any game they come out with.  This game is terrible to me.What is there to do in this game?  One simply right clicks and then awaits the result.  I don't see any real depth to this because I'm just sitting here watching my heroes do their hero things and the RNG spawn mobs wherever it feels like spawning them.  There is no actual gameplay, it's just the power of your right click against the RNG.I don't leave very many reviews at all, but this one was a special kind of insidious.  The reviews are great, and I think for the hardcore roguelike player this game might have a lot to offer.  However, I work a full time job, I've got family stress, I'm in my late twenties.  I can't enjoy a game that makes me die repeatedly to learn what I need to do anymore.  At the same time, this game that makes me die repeatedly just plays itself.  There's no story (like Spelunky), no uniqueness (Curse of the Necrodancer) or class replayability (Risk of Rain).  It's just a little game, but god it's not worth the frustration to me.I refunded it."
76561198005747844,Not Recommended,249050,33140223,Posted: 2 July,all,PatDay,"It's not a terrible game if you really like rogue games, but I find it to be a little too difficult for the (lack of) complexity of the game. What I mean by that is that it's not a very strategically deep game which relies mainly on luck and figuring out a few, simple tactics.There's really no replay value since there's very little overarching progression. You can unlock some starting characters and ships, but they don't really change the game in a significant way.Another annoyance to me is that there's almost no in-game explanation of the mechanics, so expect to be referring to a fan made wiki a lot if you want to understand anything."
76561198037179617,Recommended,249050,9794628,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Spartikush,Dungeon of the Endless is a tower defence/roguelike rpg. Any fans of FTL will enjoy this game and I highly recommend this to everyone I know!
76561198086790599,Recommended,249050,15783820,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Clavicus Mora,"Very fun and addicting rogue-like game with mechanics reminding me of X-COM as well as many other games including KotoR, DragonAge, and even FTL. The pre-set controls are a little clunky but there is the option to change them (which I will do eventually, maybe). Other than that, a very beautifully crafted game with a lovely soundtrack.I would say get this game meow if you are a fan of any the above mentioned titles or would just like to torture yourself because like watching your characters die. Due to, as in many titles branding the name ""rogue-like"", you learn through your failure. Good luck out there if you decide to get this game, and if not, do yourself a favor and add it to your wishlist to see when it's on sale and pick it up."
,Recommended,249050,14403976,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Chemtrail Apologist,If you hit the random button enough you can play as a pug.
,Recommended,249050,8066064,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Sheep,"Good game but when you figure out how you are supposed to play the game, than it get's pretty easy.Of course it is still in the Alpha but it's good anyhow. It is a little bit short so you can complete the game in about an hour.The Alpha only has three levels you can play and the highest level for your characters is five.But when they have added more levels, then I hope the game will get a bit harderEdit*After the update I saw two of my men die. It was something I didn't excpect, I was a bit dumstruck. The game is more challenging now so cheers to the devs for fixing that problem."
,Recommended,249050,14846056,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,＠ｐｉｒｓ,"This game is amazing.  FTL meets dungeon crawlers. The co-op is also great, albeit unstable at times."
,Recommended,249050,14842162,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,vorpaltide,"An excellent merger of tower defense, resource management and rouge-lite. Could not be happier with this game."
,Recommended,249050,15414542,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Gogo,Worth it 100% !
76561197989275578,Recommended,249050,14134346,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,steerpikey,"The only thing this games lacks is a huge energy cannon that fires through adajcent rooms in a straight line with a big FIZZ sound affect. I could describe everything else as, pretty much, groovy.It's a twisted, hand wringing tower defense game, with a shiny, new face."
,Recommended,249050,12839059,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Mechaphantom,This game seems simple at first but it highly addictive. Every play threw is a little diffent and there lots of pods and heros to unlock. I've played it for several days have over 20 hours and I still playing it. I've bought the game for all my friends beacuse everyone needs to give this a shot at some point and it cheeper than most meals.
,Recommended,249050,8836276,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Brian Badical,"Dungeon of the Endless is a Rogue-like Dungeon Defender game with RPG like elements.  That sounds like a whole lot of stuff going on at once, but man is it fun!   I really wanted to give this game some more exposure so I made a little first impression of it!  You can peep it out here:http://youtu.be/cYo6Dk5vEqk"
,Recommended,249050,9967863,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Dyllanw,"MY GOD THE POTENTIAL!the atmosphere, the music, the gameplay style, the itemization! truly is a fantastic game.I played through the alpha version in one sitting, 8 hours. Lost once or twice before I got the hang of everything, and there were still some close calls throughout. I'm afraid to try any difficulty higher than the lowest one!Can't wait till it's done!"
76561198093716992,Recommended,249050,10706804,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Dainslaiff,A surprisingly deep and enjoyable dungeon exploration game. Balances gung-ho monster slaughter and tower defence strategy nicely and with constant updates coming out all the time this game is only getting better. Would highly recommend it.9/10
,Recommended,249050,16281508,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,zOh,This game is rad. Rad like your mom.
,Recommended,249050,11624060,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Danke～ です！,"Some new for a change, by its own, each part of the game is not new to anyone - the tower defense, squad mangement, leveling system, etc. - but altogether bring a completely new experience. I don't now if the game need more updates in the difficulty aspect, but as for now it brings challenges that most other games don't even try.It may be difficult at first, but the strategy that you develop as your heroes die, and the many unlockables this game has (a must for me), makes it an extremely addictive game."
76561197993572084,Recommended,249050,19061557,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,madthinker,This is one of the holy trinity of rogue-likes.This company makes games that ejaculate theme and style.
,Recommended,249050,9387106,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,gallowsCalibrator,its like binding of isaac if it were more strategic and was tower defence also. this game is one I highly recomend
76561198055463726,Recommended,249050,24338195,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Oh no Kitties!,Love the loading screen. Artwork looks Amazing.Devs always uptading. I do apreciate their effortas company.
,Recommended,249050,29454428,Posted: 23 January,all,Chettone,"9/10. Great game!If you like Rouge-like games you should try this one. It has lots of elements from other rouge-like games such as Faster Than Light and Sword of the Stars: The pit. Resource management, micro-tasking your heros, tower defence, characters with skills and items... I mean, this game managed to mash up so many elements into a very simple, yet vast and enjoyable game.If I would ""add"" something to this game it would be weapon upgrades or crafting, but the game its already good as it is."
76561198098399617,Recommended,249050,24339021,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,BathSaltKnight,I've only played a few hours but I think this game is truly incredible. The best way to play this game though is with friends or even strangers. I joined these two guys who helped me learn the game and we got really far.
,Recommended,249050,14345983,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,BAKA Ruiner,"So remember those other two games that this dev studio made that were super innovative that I like a lot?This is like those games and not like those games. It's like them in that it's super innovative. It's not like them in almost (I say again almost) every other respect.This is kind of a dungeon crawl. And kind of a tower defense. It has elements of turn based and real time strategy involved. It's kind of funny but can be kind of tense and serious. It has a perfectly winning single player and a perfectly winning multiplayer that are virtually identical and don't suffer at all from this. Every choice might matter and it might not matter at all when the next door opens. You can probably play through a few sessions in ten minutes and have a perfectly good time or agonize over a campaign for hours, even yelling at friends in VOIP the whole time. You kind of want to screw around with this game and you kind of want to take it seriously and beat it, because it is quite simply very difficult and simultaneously very fun.For Amplitude: I am sold. Really, just keep up quality like this and I will tell you to shut up and take my money every time. You guys are amazing and I really hope everything goes well for you for this and any other project you guys work on.TL,DR- Buy this, play it, have fun, there is literally no reason not to."
,Recommended,249050,20161062,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,madjik,Would totally recommand
76561197970342494,Recommended,249050,15520231,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,warko,"It really surprised me this game. I tryed it the free weekend on steam,  and the graphics sucked, so i quited after 5 min because i didn't understand anything. Then someone explained me what to do, i gave it a second chance and i just loved it!I bought it and now i can't stop playing it, i got fired from work for not being able to stop playing it, and the medic told my family that i was a lost cause, there was no cure, except wait till i get bored of it, or die for the adiction."
76561198010684946,Recommended,249050,10256379,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,staggeredbard,"A brilliant and challenging game, with roguelike and tower defense elements blended into one game. Even in an Early access state, the game has quite a lot to offer."
,Recommended,249050,15411633,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Crud Bonemeal,"Pretty fun RPG/RTS/Tower Defense/(???) game that manages to stand out in spite of the ongoing roguelike fad. Nice production values and art direction. It's hard as nails, but you get the hang of it eventually. My only complaint is that the multiplayer is tacked on, and you spend most of the time standing still and talking about who's going to buy the new technology or open the next door. This game did not need multiplayer. Unfortunately, right now it's either that or have hundreds of entitled kids whining about no multiplayer on the forum."
,Recommended,249050,12826003,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Tasty Num Nums,"If FTL and Risk of Rain had a child, this would be it's beautiful, beautiful offspring.EDIT: This game should be called Dungeon of the Friendless"
76561198031629776,Recommended,249050,24373669,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,shadowsphere100,"One part rouge like, one part RPG, one part resource management, and one part tower defense. This combination gives a challenging, unique, strategic game of survival. This game is worth getting to play alone but I think it’s even more fun with a friend.8/10"
,Recommended,249050,8019340,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,TunDeri,"After having finished the Alpha, I can fully review this piece. It is a difficult one to get into, and requires some helping hand from lady luck for your plans to succeed. And you will need a bulletproof plan out there. For comparison I'd throw in Space Hulk. Sure, SH doesn't include upgrades like this, but the cramped room design is familiar and you're always on the defense. All in all, the game is actually really nice to look at and to play. So get your strategy goggles on and give those hostiles harder time than they give you!"
,Recommended,249050,15192758,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,vonrowles,"I own games that I've been led to believe are better than this. I don't play those games. I play Dungeon of the Endless. As if by reflex, I launch this game over others time and time again. It's good. Play it. It all makes sense and you'll have fun."
76561198059934988,Recommended,249050,15578275,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Julien,"Nice original and challenging game.While the other Endless games are just clones of other games, this little jewel mixes tons of concepts from various genres to make something really unique."
76561198019100107,Recommended,249050,16308585,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Ket♥sueki,YES. DO IT. SO GOOD. ESPECIALLY WITH FRIENDS OMG.
,Recommended,249050,14454575,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Fable,"Dungeon of the Endless is one of my favorite games. I have put only a small portion of time into it but from what I have experienced it has been amazing. The visuals, music and sounds are all top notch and add to the great boiling pot that is the gameplay. With  a mixture of 4X, Tower Defense, Rogue-like, and RTS all in one great package. It is a great price and is a good lead into the other games in the same universe. Thank you for such a great game Amplitude!Still can't stop playing."
,Recommended,249050,34115856,Posted: 8 August,all,Skrilleton!,"Excellent rogue-like with beautiful art, an amazing soundtrack, and interesting and intense gameplay. My friend and I recently beat our first run, and were extremely satisfied. I could see myself put so many more hours into this.Good Game/10"
,Recommended,249050,23845100,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Snoop Rocket,A perfect blend of roguelike and tower defense. The multiplayer is great with friends.
76561198047982927,Recommended,249050,14358857,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,scottyo,"This game is so unique and and fun. Has a great atmosphere. The artwork and graphics are enjoyable. Has some pleasant humour and interesting lore. Still have yet to play the  multiplayer, but it looks like a decent experience."
76561198090835676,Recommended,249050,33148802,Posted: 2 July,all,topher.webster,What a great game. It is incredibly hard but possible to understand the game well enough to win most runs (except for the Sanitary Pod).
76561197972361376,Recommended,249050,15553187,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Studio Ghibli,"It has been far too long since I've played a game where, upon beating it, I am fist-pumping and screaming. Thanks, ""DotE,"" for being brutal but fair."
,Recommended,249050,23988072,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SpoopyGon,"Hello Boys & GrillsThis is one of those defence games where you try and defend your ""crystal (Power Source)"" and It's really fun to play when you have friends around. Overall the game doesnt require heavy computer to run it. So It's completely fine. I personally recommend it a lot.8/10 by me xddddddheh"
,Recommended,249050,17429702,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,YellowAfterlife,"A rather interesting roguelike RPG - tower defense hybrid. Worth pointing out that it takes longer than average to beat (2-6 hours, depending on mode), thus leaving a somewhat bitter aftertaste if you have lost just few steps short of victory."
76561197999688006,Recommended,249050,8033148,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,[Candalua]dr.ELe,"Talking about the Alpha early access.For me this game has great potential, is simple to understand but hard to master, is based on fortune, but you have to think and foreseen what will be the consequence of your next action. Find the safety or open that last door? Maybe the reward will be gorgeous. Or maybe will be the death.Can't wait for the next upgrades!"
76561198002827273,Recommended,249050,16905537,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,frid_n_nedley,"Brutal decision about using a handful of people, limited resources, and exploration as a final resource to make you suffer.  Also permadeath and no backtracking with saves.  Yeah, every level you survive feels like a glorious victory."
,Not Recommended,249050,35073347,Posted: 19 September,all,Pilz Called It,"A nice game, but have lost to gamebreaking bugs in multiplayer such as a bug that has you end the level but the host gets stuck in the level and are stuck until mobs break your crystal.  Brutally difficult and may be worth a buy, but gamebreaking bug =/= a thumbs up.  5/10, 7-8/10 in-genre without counting bugs."
76561197993703574,Not Recommended,249050,35073041,Posted: 19 September,all,Shaqfu,Multiplayer crashes
76561197970490287,Recommended,249050,8024112,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,CappinCanuck,"What a wonderful roguelike comboed with tower defense.  Even in Alpha this is as stable and playable as Endless Space was on release.  Amplitude had my trust after Endless Space which is why I risked an Alpha purchase.  Not disappointed.You start with two heroes.  They have skills, inventory and slots of weapon/armour/tool.  Each room you clear gives you the next wave of resources which you can use to level your heroes, build or research.  You can have your heroes man stations that you build in each room to vary your resource income if you can do without them.  So you have to manage your heroes and incoming enemies.  That's the basics of it."
,Recommended,249050,10568423,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,何,The game for getting serious
,Recommended,249050,13465705,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,JLFord78,This game is AWESOME! It's a very well done strategy rogue-like. 5/5 stars and all. Get this game as soon as you can if you want to have a great time!
,Recommended,249050,13497971,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,lokis222,"Bought this early access, played 15 minutes and put it away, hoping that the release would be better. Hot diggity ♥♥♥♥, is it ever. 4x, tower defence, rpg, dungeon crawler, rogue like, and somehow, it works like a mother fudger. Most fun I have had since endless space."
,Recommended,249050,13827516,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Swordmouse,"Pretty addictive. It's a fairly unique combination of genres - I'd call it primarly a resource management/tower defense game with roguelike elements and some RPG mixed in rather than a roguelike with TD elements, but that's just me.+ High replayability - unlockable ships (influences how you start as well as your strategy throughout) unlockable characters, randomized maps, loot and research opportunities makes each playthrough different.+ ""One more turn/game"" appeal - whether I was trying out a recent unlock or simply trying to correct the mistakes I made last game, I found myself wanting more.+ Challenging without being unfair, tactical without being overwhelming - this game can slap you into the dirt, but when you lose it tends to be because of your own actions rather than RNG. And while there are enough mechanics in play to make the game interesting and intense, you won't find yourself lost. You die, you do better. You die, you do better.+ Good sound/music. Not much else to say.- Ugly. If you're used to roguelikes you'll be expecting this, and if you're like me you'll get so immersed that you'll forget it's ugly entirely. But, when hordes of enemies are streaming in and you can only recognize a few distict shapes in the pack, you'll wish it was just a tad better. Still, very minor."
,Recommended,249050,8304986,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,TooNu,"It was really difficult until I ""got it"", then it became a very special game indeed. I am looking forward to enjoying the updates and changes as they develop."
,Recommended,249050,9676904,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,NsaneDragn,"Great game, still in Alpha.Overall, you can see where the developers are taking this game and even prior to Beta, this game is addicting. It has some great resource management and RPG elements.Want a Tower Defense Game? Check.Want a RPG where you can level characters and find equipment for them? Check.Want a resource management strategy game? CheckWant a puzzle game where you need to figure out which door you want to walk through next? Check.Want a game you can help vote on new ideas/developments through the designer's website? Check.Want a game that you can play for hours on end, or just a minutes before work and then saving? Check.Basically, get this game."
,Recommended,249050,17244977,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Brendo the Friendo,"Dungeon of the Endless, or DotE is literally one of the best games I have ever played, but sadly enough, almost nobody seems to know what it is.  You absolutely should buy this, and play the hell out of it, because it's freaking dope."
76561198007897761,Recommended,249050,32303304,Posted: 9 June,all,etheric42,"Amazing game.  Great roguelike/tower defence hybrid.  Art style is of a very particular genre but I enjoyed it.  It's a bit tricky at first to understand how all the systems work together, but is something I enjoy about games."
,Recommended,249050,13669999,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Bag_of_BOnes,"The best game I've played in 2014. Tower defence, turn-based, rts, rpg, civilization hybrid shouldn't work, but this does -- perfectly. I can see myself spending many many more hours figuring the best tactics and unlocking what it has to offer. Great characters and wicked humour, too.  I recommned you go and buy it, in less you hate difficult games."
,Recommended,249050,8115349,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,SadRobot,"Fantastic strategy game. Part tower defence, part RTS. Even at this early stage it's very enjoyable and I look forward to the remaining features being implemented."
76561198052827747,Recommended,249050,23301142,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,dragon12579,"I purchased this game while a friend was over and started playing, then he bought it and we played for hours straight and loved every minute of it. Great game in both single and multiplayer."
,Recommended,249050,13024094,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,MrMystery,"Squad based rogue-like, with tower defense, resource management, leveling up, loot, skills, buildings, upgrades... and aliens... How can you go wrong?"
76561198024218344,Recommended,249050,13752658,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Gaming Raz,DUNGEON OF THE ENDLESSHow can you not like a game named;DUNGEON OF THE ENDLESS
,Recommended,249050,29150924,Posted: 9 January,all,Mara Jadewind,"Dungeon of The Endless (DoTE) definitely will be in  my list of my All Time Favourite Game.DoTE is pretty clean and simple but ultimately very engaging game. DoTE it is really tough and definitely will rekt us upside down. One had to strategize the next move, manage the resources and and and secure thyself with defensive structure for what may come.Dungeon of The Endless does a stunningly impressive good job with the the immersion of atmosphere of Endless world and the ingame graphic too, plus all those little detail as well.In term of audio DoTE had a superb OST + BGM. After spending countless hours of venturing the floor with the pixelated graphic and the 8 bit BGM playing again and again... it was suprisingly immersive and beautiful, still.This game had a pretty depth learning to do and excellent strategy is required in order to be able survive and escape from the floor. I had to admit it was not an easy task.In here I strongly recon new player either go through some guide or play in a multiplayer games with more season player in order to learn how to play effectively and learn a few extra tips+trick about Dungeon of The Endless before you give up this piece of gems.When I first bought and played this game; I was like ""WTF is this pixxy game, Duhh...I kept dying even on Easy. St00pid game! OoOooh...boy, I land myself another crappy 75% discounted game and needed refund again...."" How wrong was I?!! After giving another trial at some time later and ONE game in a multiplayer run it changed my perspective, Dungeon of The Endless was unexpectedly fun !! Intensive and full of amazement !!But too bad, the player base of this game is really-really low and is much more harder to find player to play in multiplayer, so from time to time I'll just single play Dungeon of The Endless in offline mode and sometime I'll browse in forum to l00k for companion or any players to escape and journey the amazing DoTE together with.This game surely will take your another 5 minute away, more than what you had ever expected. Grab your copies today when Dungeon of The Endless is on sales, even is on 50% discounted is totally worth it. Worst case scenario ""Oh boy...I landed myself on another crappy review game and needed refund again...."" Not on Dungeon of The Endless."
,Recommended,249050,12887478,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Ruruwawa,"I've really enjoyed this game so far.  It's just as other reviewers have described: an offbeat 4x+rogue mashup with good graphics, music and gameplay.For me, the downside is that it's already getting a bit repetitive, which hurts the replayability.  I'd love to see a short game option (fewer levels), or even an option for a single random ""hell"" level.  Something I can play in a fraction of the time it takes to clear the standard 12 levels."
,Recommended,249050,21186207,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Uptagon,Fun strategic tower defense/dungeon crawl game. It's as unforgiving and difficult as much as it's well-designed in gameplay as well as its pixel aesthetic.
76561198031008463,Recommended,249050,34749142,Posted: 4 September,all,alorxico,"Addicting but frustrating, Dungeon of the Endless reminds me of Age of Empires (back when it was good) minus the 'you can build your own troops when the others die' aspect of the game.At the start of your game, you choose up to two Heroes whose main job is to explore a randomly generated dungeon until they find the exit.  Once said exit is found, you assign one Hero to carry the Crystal (a power source for your former ship) to the exit while under the assault of an infinite wave of enemies.During your quest to find the exit, though, you have been given Dust, which let's you power a limited number of rooms to keep enemies from spawning in them ala Minecraft (It's dark, therefore monsters appear here when ever they feel like it) and the option of building ONE Resource Generator (Sciene, Industry or Food) in some of the rooms.  Food lets you level up your Heroes, heal your Heroes and recruit new Heroes; Science let's you discover new technologies that make surviving the Mad Dash to the exit easier; and Industry lets you build said resource generators and various butt-saving technologies.  These three resources increase every time you open a door to a new room.Now, for those of us whose gaming mentality can best be described as ""kill everything that is not one of my allies and don't leave until it's all dead"" Dungeon of the Endless is going to kick your butt to next Tuesday.  The whole point of this game is to make a clear, straight path between point A and point B and running like HECK! (Yes, I am censoring myself because the little Steam Hearts annoy me)  The more doors you open, the more danger you put your Heores in.  Yes, there can be rewards for exploring EVERY room on a floor, but every new room that cannot be lit has the chance of spawning baddies, and the higher the floor the more powerful the baddies are.Still, if you like resource management, strategy and defence games, Dungeons of the Endless will be great for you.  If you tend to Rage Quit when something does not go your way, you will absolutely HATE this game.  Still, the concept is unique enough that I have to recommend it.Oh, and for some reason, the creative team named the difficulty levels for the game ""Very Easy"" and ""Easy.""   I think this is freaking brilliant, because when you die two rooms into the first level on ""Easy"" every molecule in your body that has been conditioned since Duck Hunt to know that ""Easy"" means there is no way your can lose unless your controller is dying will demand you keep playing just to prove that 'no, you don't stink at playing video games, yes, you ARE as good a gamer as you know you are, and yes, the game is stupid! and you can beat it with your eyes closed.'  Two thumbs up for the psych-out!"
,Recommended,249050,24835246,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun,"Fun, addicting, and challenging. So many genres are blended together here, strategy, rpg, tower defense, and roguelike are the main ones. Hoping they make a sequel to this because unfortunately there isn't much content other than unlockable characters. Still, I find myself coming back to it every now and then."
,Recommended,249050,29403169,Posted: 21 January,all,proxops-pete,"Great game.  Bit learning curve but once you get over it, it's a blast!  Chaotic fun at its finest."
,Recommended,249050,12824100,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Corn Is Tasty,"The number one thing I can say about this game is this, I've already played over 40 hours of the game, and it is the most frustrating, difficult game I've ever played. No matter the characters I start with I can never get through the game. I can't even beat level seven on easy, and there's only two difficulties, easy and very easy.But damn is this one of the best games I've ever played, definitely worth playing, definitely worth the price."
76561198006981044,Recommended,249050,9926180,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Rude$t,"Most people that enjoy FTL will enjoy this.In FTL the thrill is getting to the next beacon. Seeing what the game throws at you, and trying your best to handle itIn DoTE? What's behind the next door? If the proposition of sick anticipation for the next sadistic amalgam of chaos that you might find behind that door excites your inner masochist then this is the game for you!Dungeon of the Endless is an immaculate blend of genres---so much so that it feels like something brand new.The consortium of rpg elements, tower defense, procedurally generatred levels, and tower defense are all wrapped superbly in Amplitude's signature UI. Speaking of the UI it is sleek, clean, cripse, and effectively delivers you all the information required seemlessly.While the game is far from complete there is more than enough difficutly and challenge involved. A meaty roster of characters and several difficult floors to plow through. The randomly generated nature offers much replayability, all the while Amplitude contineously injects more content!"
76561198168422650,Recommended,249050,19249440,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,The Weber,i love the gameplay!
76561197992174584,Recommended,249050,12769871,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,PB&J,"Dungeon of the Endless is a top-down roguelike dungeon exploration & tower defense game with many unlockable elements set in the Endless game universe.The player uses a squad of up to 4 characters to explore a multi-floor dungeon one room at a time while protecting a power crystal. Like other Endless games, the four resources are Food, Industry, Dust, and Science (FIDS). With each door opened, more FIDS accumulate, but dangerous monsters may spawn. Players eventually discover a dungeon floor exit and carry the crystal to a new dungeon floor, continuing on until the game ends at the 12th floor.Characters may be discovered in-game and unlocked after completing a certain number of floors with that character. Characters have different strengths as might be expected, including attack power, defense, movement speed, and ""wit"", which in this game translates into better module operation bonuses. Certain secret combinations of characters lead to different in-game events.Food, Industry, and Science increase in a predictable fashion with each door opened, but Dust is less predictable and cannot be saved between levels. Dust may sometimes be discovered in new rooms or obtained after defeating monsters.Rooms adjacent to the crystal may be powered (or ""lit"") subject to a limit based on the current amount of Dust. Lit rooms do not spawn monsters. Given enough industry, different ""modules"" may be built in a powered room based on the characteristics of that room--not every room can hold a module, no room can hold more than one ""major module"", and different rooms have different limits for ""minor modules"".Items may be discovered in new rooms and are bought and sold for FIDS at merchants which may be discovered in new rooms.A special Research module may appear in a new room, allowing for Science to be invested to unlock new modules or higher levels of existing modules.Modules may be removed, for example removing an unneeded Research module to make room.Like any great game, Dungeon of the Endless presents the player with many interesting choices, for example:- leave a room dark to spawn more monsters and the chance for more Dust, or light the room to reduce monster spawn and provide room for modules?- invest Industry in FIDS-producing modules (longer-term payoff) or defensive modules (immediate payoff)?- spend Food to recruit a new character, or save Food to see if a better choice is available later?- take the exit as soon as it is found, or open a few more doors to try to gain more Food, Industry, and Science for the next level?- invest Science now, or remove the Science module in favor of a different major module?Tactical elements include: positioning of characters when unlocking a door, character movement between rooms during combat, activation of special abilities, healing (which takes Food), and resetting abilities (which takes Science) in combat. Combat may be paused for easier micro-management, but some players will find it more fun to do without pausing (there's even a Steam Achievement for beating a dungeon without pausing)."
,Recommended,249050,19986311,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Agathocles the Sicilian,"The only thing I think I can say to help you is I was on ""Too Easy"" mode and didn't even make it to last level, so if you dislike hard games I wouldn't recomend, But if you ejoyed any of the binding of issac games I have no doubt you will have a great time with this game!"
76561197996597905,Recommended,249050,19445993,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Jaysus,"This game is hard, relentless, unforgiving, incredibly fun, addictive and has tons of replayability.  I personally think this game is a hard to learn, hard to master type game.  This game is not for the weak-willed who seek handholding, checkpoints or walks in the park.Dungeon of the Endless is a tower defence game that draws RPG, rogue-like, dungeon crawling and resource management elements.  You start each game by picking 2 heroes out of a 24 (with all of DLC and unlockable characters) member cast.  Each hero has different stats that help your team in one way or another (Speed, Power, Health, and Wit).  Your objective is to look for the exit of the floor, which leads to the next floor.  Each floor gets progressively harder and harder the further down you go.  To ""win"" or complete the game, you have to complete all 12 floors.  You start each floor in a single room and have up to 4 different directions you can go.  Each room you enter has a chance to spawn dust (used to powers rooms) as well as: other resources, merchants, treasure (that can be worn for bonuses or sold for resources), other heroes to add to your team (for a max of 4 heroes per team) and/or monsters!  For each room you enter, any room you do not have powered by dust has a chance to spawn monsters in it.  You will eventually come to a point where the minority of your rooms will be powered and lots of monsters are spawning.  This is where strategy and micro-managing your heroes comes into play.  You have to find the perfect setup where you can defend all your modules and your crystal, without your heroes dying.  This will require quick thinking, quick calculations and quick action to make sure you can defend all directions without losing modules, heroes or resources.  If you lose (from either monsters taking your crystal down or losing all your heroes), you do not start from where you left off, you will need to start from floor one again with a new team.I’ve read a ton of negative reviews saying this game has way too much RNG to be recommended.  You can definitely be ♥♥♥♥ed over by RNG in this game, but 90% of the time you have that bad of RNG, it’s definitely winnable if you just play your heroes and defence right.  The feeling of conquering an insanely hard floor after getting some bad RNG is pure bliss.I recommend this game to anyone looking for a challenging game or a completely new take on tower defence.  You will lose NUMEROUS times before you finally win (on Easy at least), but that first victory is one to remember.  If you’re looking to start playing this game, I’d highly recommend checking out the let’s play link below.  This video really helped me understand the basics when I was first starting out.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOufoEk3vuA"
,Recommended,249050,19994523,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Ruzen,Challanging but fair. Trying new things are possible. Great art design. Easily one of the best Strategy of all time. A must play.Complain:Grinding requirement is high.Minor Bugs at singleplayer. Multiplayer loby bugs can make you frustrate.1 save slot.
,Recommended,249050,19982664,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,EthanSk13s,"This game is amazing!First the music is goodnice combination on tower defense and rpg, and party management if singleplayerThe multiplayer is dead tho... some desertersanyway I would rate this game a 9.5/10!"
76561198092703897,Recommended,249050,12875831,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Jackass,dont let the settings easy and too easy fool you i havnt beaten the game once and i have played for 6 hours but very replayable and fun especially if you dont have all the characters and ships i would totally recommend it 10/10
76561197970479670,Recommended,249050,8012900,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Geldon,"Unlike a lot of ""Early Access"" games, v0.1.1 of Dungeon of The Endless feels like a relatively complete game.  It's stable and has a great mix of overall game mechanics that work well to produce a coherent game.To try to describe this game in conventional terms might just confuse you.  Yes, it has aspects of roguelike games, real time strategy games, role playing games, tower defense games, and board games.  Personally, I think of it as mostly a board game with each ""turn"" divided into a time before you open another door, which will reveal treasure, a merchant, waves of enemies, blueprints, or something else - you never know!  Then it's a mad scramble reminiscent of a real time strategy/tower defensive hybrid to keep everything upright until the next turn.  When deciding who to level up or equip with gear, that's where the RPG aspect enters the picture.This board-game like mechanic can be a good thing because it introduces a lot of interesting choices.  If I assign my hero here, will they be able to make it back to where they need to be if enemies appear there?  Do I spend my industry points on producing more industry points, producing things I need, or do I try to scimp on points now so I have more avaialble to use on the next map?  Do I invest my dust in that great piece of equipment, or is it more important that I power rooms?  These choices are clever in that many of them are just comprimises; there's often not a ""right"" choice, just a good guess at what might work out in the long run.I like a game that makes me think.  Yet, Endless Dungeon is rarely ever overwhelming, just rich with important choices to make and requiring you pay attention when your heroes are fighting so they don't get slain needlessly.It's quite remarkable they consider this quite-playable product such an early version.  True, you're limited to just three (four?) random map levels per game (which you can exhaust in an hour), there's not yet skills on the heroes, the tech tree systems isn't in yet, and so on.  Yet, the game is more complete than many $15 titles I've bought.  Amplitude studios seems to know what they're doing, and if they call this version v0.1.x, then it's clear this game should be of staggering, epic proportions if they see their plans through to completion."
,Recommended,249050,22886780,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,The Rampaging Tides,"REALLY fun game to play with like one friend, though it supports up to 4. Is a combination of tower defense, resource management, and room exploration. Overall if you like those concepts along with unlockable characters then this game is for you."
76561198175925014,Recommended,249050,22991223,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,MilkandBread,"Dungeon of the Endless is a very good game. The multiplayer is simple to use and single player is alot of fun.The only thing i can see for them to improve in is how you unlock heroes. Over all this game is very good, i rate it 9/10"
,Recommended,249050,28589979,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,cyhawk,It is like Settlers of Catan: Tower Defense in a sci-fi RPG. What a delicious blend!
,Recommended,249050,9024726,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Enraged Jellyfish,its awesome
76561198070615610,Recommended,249050,8009079,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,JLP,"Fun and very challenging game! Looks awesome and has great potential to becoming an amazing game. If you enjoy a good indie/strategy game, this one is definitely a pick up and deserves a try. Dont pass this up!"
,Recommended,249050,26077979,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Zombie,"A nice Simple game, that is a lot of fun to play with friends. Honestly it's worth it."
76561198041806821,Not Recommended,249050,33786817,Posted: 25 July,all,Sparky,"fantastic game, and one of the rogue lites i actually enjoy since you can approach everything tacticly and offeres intresting challenges & character combinations.BUTI encountered 3 game breaking bugs, which would be okay in a rogue lite if it did not delete your save, so having once lose a good run on level 11 from 12, hurts, for all the time lost, 2nd time, now i'm annoyed, and right now the third time the game minimized itself and would only let me either cancel it over the  task manager or alt f4,  deleting my save at 11 from 12 again.So if valve would give me the option i would give it a resounding ""meh 3 out of 5""Since i have to decide between yes or no and these bugs are from the developer side and kill alot of time you invested. i see myself forced to say no.WITH the STRONG notion in mind that i would recommend this game if it wasn't for these bugs.Uninstalled it now, but would hope someone at the fantastic team over at Amplitude Studios finds the time to look over these issues, because i think the game is a hidden gem in terms of presentation, pexel art, sound design and casual & hardcore fun."
,Recommended,249050,12751648,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,redwinger333,"Very enjoyable roguelike with tower defense elements. Enough tower/hero types to keep you engaged for more than one playthrough. More difficulty options would be great, as ""Too Easy"" is exactly what is implied, while ""Easy"" can be pretty brutal at times. The option for 4 player coop is great, although the coop mode requires a bit of polish before I would recommend it. Coop has no ability to save your game, and with a full playthrough requiring a few hours of gameplay, you better make sure you set aside some time. I recommend playing at least a game or two on singleplayer, as this will allow you to unlock some characters before trying multiplayer. Also, the game had a few connectivity problems where players lost connection with each other about an hour in (In our case, two players maintained connection, while two players lost connection, while still able to view each other's movement. Some sort of host desynch...)Overall, worth the $13."
,Recommended,249050,12810872,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,JohnnyRamrod,"Loving this game so far. I have both Endless Space and Endless Legend, and I think they both show promise, but ultimately aren't quite 'there' yet. But with this game, they've taken the world, the lore, and the feel, as well as some of the concepts (resources) and applied them in a VERY different package. This is part RPG, part tower defence, all fun!Graphics style works, and the game has a feel that is reminiscent of the wonderful iPad game - Sword & Sworcery. Pixel graphics that really work, a wonderful, atmospheric soundtrack. Really solid.And the game play is wonderful (albeit hard - i'm playing on the easiest setting and still finding it a real challenge to get a decent strategy). You'll need to be a little patient, but use those defences and you'll get there.A wonderful example of how a simple concept, well executed, can be delightfully engaging. Well done dev team, well done!"
,Recommended,249050,12738205,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Satyrical,"As a recent release, I  have found this to be my favourite game so far this month, the gameplay is unique, and a good combination of genres.The music is wonderful, the characters are different and offer a variety of combinations of skills.The only negative thing I'd have to say about this game is the multiplayer, at times can be very unstable. If this is fixed in any coming updates I'd have no complaints about this game. The difficulty is just right, and rewarding and I can't wait to see if we get even more brutal difficulties to truly test our sanity and endurance.Some would say the dust generation is unbalanced, but I find it just right, of having to choose between fully exploring or just blizting it before i lose any (more) characters.To any of my friends who even reads this, you totally gotta get it for such a cheap game."
,Recommended,249050,27701219,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cairne,Hands down the most satisfying 9 bucks I have ever spent.
,Recommended,249050,10039020,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Bambi,"LET'S START WITH THE OBVIOUS FACT THAT THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME ISN'T DONE YET, SO IT'S NOT REALLY ENDLESS (YOU♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ JEEZ) YET. THEN WE'LL GO TO STEP 2, WHICH IS CRASHING YOUR SPACESHIP INTO THE ♥♥♥♥ING GROUND. AFTER YOU'VE DONE THAT IT WILL BECOME YOUR FAVORITE THING TO OPEN DOORS. YOU'LL OPEN SOME DOORS, THEN OPEN SOME MORE ♥♥♥♥ING DOORS. BETWEEN ALL OF THIS STUPID AWESOME DOOR OPENING, YOU'LL HAVE TO FIGHT MONSTERS. THEY'LL COME AT YOU THINKING THE GAME IS SOME SORT OF ♥♥♥♥ING TOWER DEFENCE GAME, THEY DON'T GIVE A ♥♥♥♥.♥♥♥♥♥♥ THEY'LL EVEN POP UP IN ANY DARK ROOM THEY ♥♥♥♥ING PLEASE. HOPEFULLY, YOU'LL FIGURE OUT THAT BUILDING GUNS AND LARGE NODES WILL HELP YOU NOT GET RUN THE ♥♥♥♥ DOWN. HOPEFULLY. IF YOU MANAGE TO NOT DROP THE ♥♥♥♥ING BALL, THEN YOU'LL SOON FIND ALL SORTS OF WEIRD ♥♥♥♥ING HEROS THAT YOU CAN THROW A PILE OF WHEAT AT FOR THEIR HELP, OR A MERCHANT WHO, FOR SOME STUPID♥♥♥♥♥REASON, IS JUST HANGING OUT IN THIS ♥♥♥♥ING PLACE. DON'T BE A FOOL, THOUGH, YOU PAY HIM IN ENERGY, WHICH IS WHAT YOU NEED TO LIGHT ROOMS UP. IT'S A REAL ♥♥♥♥ING PAIN. EVENTUALLY, YOU'LL FIND A ROOM WITH A WAY OUT. YOU'LL BE SO HAPPY! WHAT A GREAT THING, A WAY OUT! HERE'S THE ♥♥♥♥ING KICKER... IT'S NOT THE ♥♥♥♥ING WAY OUT. IF YOU LIKE GAMES THAT SHOVE A BUNCH OF OTHER GAMES INTO ONE PACKAGE, AND HAVING ALL BUT ONE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ON YOUR TEAM DIE, THEN CRASH YOUR SHIP INTO DUNGEON OF THE ENDLESS. GOOD LUCK DOWN THERE, PISSANTS."
,Recommended,249050,16233508,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,skilari,"You need to know exactly one thing about this game: It is really, really good.(Kind of a tower defense type game with very interesting design decisions, artstyle and lore.)"
,Recommended,249050,33845938,Posted: 27 July,all,☂ Drue,Enjoyed every second of it. One of the best rogues I've played so far
,Recommended,249050,12594331,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,xYegax,"A tower defense game in 2D,fight for resource, equip up equipments, defense the waves, and clear the stage.Like Dungeon Defenders in 2d version =D, really worth to play it."
76561198045137337,Recommended,249050,13752292,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Commander Red-Cog,"Hi, Commander Red-Cog here with the brand new product I'm sure you'll love: Door Simulator 2015! Are you tired of not having enough resources? Considering kicking a hero off your team for being useless? Simply open a door, and all your problems are solved! With Door Simulator 2015, you will be taught by the professionals in a fun and exciting way on how to open doors. Open a merchant door! Open a empty door! Feel the game is too easy? Open all the doors! It's simple, fun, and... doors! Buy a copy today, and we'll throw in Walking Simulator Lesbian edition, the highest rated game of 2014, absolutly free! Just pay separate shipping and handleing! Open the door, and get on the floor, TODAY!"
76561198040365578,Recommended,249050,12663699,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Lulero,"Outstanding game design, unique, immersive, challenging, the very definition of a gem.Do yourself a favor, don't spoil yourself any further and dive into it.UPDATE: I found a couple of bad things to say about the game, figured I'd share.- A bug preventing you to equip items sometimes, save and exit, reload, fixed.- The different game modes you unlock after beating the game are a bit lacking, the general idea is to remove some features and give it a different name. This hurts the game replayability quite a bit (compared to what I expected) but it's still worth the money."
,Recommended,249050,28672925,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Dunngarm,"Ok, it is this type of game you should never buy.Extremely addictive, fun gameplay. And, man, I love turn based tactics but this stuff, this stuff is hard, is really hard.What a game, what a wonderful game."
76561197972370664,Recommended,249050,24642128,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Ambassador of Benevolence,"Before buying this game, keep in mind that, unlike what you might think from the description, this is not a very complex rogue-like. While there are elements of tower defense, resource management, and levelled characters, there is little learning curve, meaningful decisions, or stat mongering in the game.In short, it's much closer to a mobile game for PC than it is to NetHack. Which is absolutely fine, just something to keep in mind before purchasing.POSITIVES:- Immediately accessible from the first level- Meaningful replayability via different starting conditions and Endless Mode- Enjoyable world characterization- Crisp assembly- FunSOMEWHAT NEGATIVES:- Fairly easy. I beat the hardest starting difficulty in three tries, and each scenario in one or two- RPG elements are a little dull- Individual levels often end anti-climatically- Exploration lacks variety- No voice actingBOTTOME LINE:This is a great little game that's perfect for killing idle hours. If the description intrigues you, it delivers. (But just don't expect a game of great depth.)A sequal would be fantastic.---PLEASE NOTE BEFORE PLAYING:This game comes with a free DLC that adds four Team Fortress characters to the game. This is pretty fun when you're used to the game, but it ruins the atmosphere to run across a Heavy or Pyro during your first couple playthroughs. I'd reccommend unchecking the DLC box on the game's page in your library before launching, and turning it on after a couple hours to see if you like it."
76561198014071350,Recommended,249050,12276212,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Synchronix,FTL meets Risk of Rain. Awesome.
,Recommended,249050,12818463,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Float On,This game is a lot of fun and very addictive. Worth it!
,Recommended,249050,22490357,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,TheSithElite,"Don't buy if you don't have atleast one friend to play with. If you do have atleast one friend, it's an amazing game."
,Recommended,249050,28789806,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,DolgVlaPet,"The title is wrong, as these dungeons are not endless. Unless play it in endless mode... Yeah.Well, it's a roguelike rpg dungeon crawler with tower-defense elements. You crash into some shiттy place and you got this cristal, right? Well, you need to carry that cristal all the way to the elevator, which you have to find in a first place, as you have no way of knowing what will expect you in the next door. Maybe it's loot room, maybe it's full of enemies, maybe there is another character inside that you can recruit for your group, maybe I'll go and fцск myself... You just don't know. And thats the fun part of this game. Get your group, explore the dungeon and try to get to the end. I suggest to reinforce your path to the elevator with turrets of all sorts, as things will get really bad really fast once you remove the cristal from the previous spot. This game has a good price-replayability ratio and it's a wise purchase, if you are a fan of roguelike games or tower defense ones. Fun to play it in coop with your friends too.I give it 8 of 10 and now I am going to cry myself to sleep. Have a nice day, anonymous reader."
76561198009407893,Recommended,249050,12667028,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,☆Jaxoo☆,strong 8/10
76561198084298098,Not Recommended,249050,12307868,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Steve,"Fantastic art direction - mediocre gameplay.A game that (currently) isn't the sum of its parts. All the elements are there, apart from something compelling to do when you play it. The concept is original enough, but the execution is in turns tedious, repetitive and unfair. Playing simply involves repeating the same actions, stage after stage, and hoping the RNG doesn't screw you too badly.Unlike true Rogue-likes such as FTL and Binding of Isaac, this is essentially a very pretty, but basic, tower defence game with occasional difficulty spikes, or loot drops, as its 'random' element. None of these are compelling like Spelunky's altars or shopkeepers, or FTL's story choices, but simple occasional resource gifts or monster waves.The problem here is that it misjudges what makes tower defence fun - accurately managing those resources. By tying those into the RNG (level layout strongly dictates your defences and resource gathering) your strategy is always a slave to the RNG, and can often be ruined simply by an obnoxious layout simply starving you of resources, or forcing you to defend more points than is possible.This makes the game a case of going through the motions, repeating an optimal strategy with little breathing room for experimentation, until you luck into a good run or are forced into an unfair loss. All 10 stages play exactly the same, but just get larger and contain more damaging enemies. Once you've finished stage 1, you've essentially seen the entire game.A shame, as every other element is dripping with style and polish, and the mixture of TD, dungeon crawling and Rouge-like works as a proof of concept, but unfortunately all you get here is simply a marriage of extremely shallow reprentations of all three genres.6/10"
76561198051904756,Recommended,249050,10021284,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,RumpusPumpus,♥♥♥♥♥to big like my ♥♥♥♥♥ matt laurrey
,Recommended,249050,10436048,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Scavenger,"Even after I bought this game, and invested a few hours into it, these previews inspire me to want to play it even more.So if I had to sum up this review into 3 words, it would be this:  Buy this game.Luckily, I don't, so I won't!.... Maybe I shoulda saved that for the tl;dr.  And yes, there is a tl;dr, so scroll down if you hate words.So after like a 30 second little intro, which you can totally skip, you get thrown straight into the game.  Which is nice because when you die, restarting takes like 0(thats a zero) time at all.  And oh yes, there will be much death.Now normally, when you play a game, and you die a lot, you aren't usually having a lot of fun.  Well thats totally not the case in this game.  Although the game is still in early access, that means it might be 30% completed if we're lucky, it still manages to entertain.When you die, you start over, and you take what you learned and apply it to the new run.  In all honesty, I have only made it past the 5th floor once.  And... the 4th floor once....  And the 3rd floor twice... on the easiest game setting.   XDWhen you start the game you pick two heroes you want to take with you, considering right now you only have 3 to choose from, it's not that hard of a choice.  As you progress through the game you'll meet other heroes that can you hire with food, so try to keep a surplus at all times because you don't want to miss out on adding a massochistic marine, or a crazy short guy with a sword twice his size to your team.  I've only managed to unlock two characters so far personally.Other things you will run across are artifacts which for research points, you can add new modules to your list of goodies, or even upgrade existing ones.  Really awesome, hope to find these early on in a level.  In rare cases, you can even find two in the same level, which when that happens, is like winning the god damned lotto.And without further ado, lets get down to the nitty gritty of this review.The Good:  This is the most awesome sci-fi rogue-like turret defensesque RPG squad based retro dungeon crawl game I have ever played.The So-So:  This is the only sci-fi rogue-like turret defensesque RPG squad based retro dungeon crawl game I have ever played.The Bad:  It is not a *multiplayer* sci-fi rogue-like turret defensesque RPG squad based retro dungeon crawl game.(yet)Lets expand on the Bad:  There is no multiplayer, there is no story, there is no tech tree, and thus is no substance.Lets expand on the So-So:  Mulstiplayer is grayed out, the tech tree is grayed out, the story has not been added, the substance does not exist yet.Lets expand on the Good:  ThereWILLbe multi-player, thereWILLbe a story and quests, thereWILLbe a tech tree like thingy; and what does this add to this already awesome sci-fi rogue-like turret defensesque RPG squad based retro dungeon crawl game?  The most badass thing I have bought in years, duh!All in all, even if you don't like sci-fi rogue-like turret defensesque RPG squad based retro dungeon crawl games(You sick of me saying this yet?  I'm not!), you'll still probably like this one.Oh, and incase you are wondering why I didn't review things like music, graphics, gameplay, or anything else like that, that normal people review, well lemme sum it up for you.Graphics:  It's pixelated.  What more do you expect?Music:  It's very ambiant, changes when things happen, all in all, not the best or the worst, though not sure how it could be better.Gameplay:  It's in Early Access, gameplay is subject to change.  Duh.So to sum it all up, for those of you who hate words, I present:TheTL;DR:Buy this game.[Hint] I said it earlier in this review.Sci-fi rogue-like turret defensesque RPG squad based retro dungeon crawl game! ( because I couldn't think of a better way to end this review!)"
,Recommended,249050,10387794,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Frecklestein,"Great game, so many different elements that make many genres great on their own all blended into a beautiful pixel smoothie.The game is obviously early access, and there are some difficulty issues, do not let the difficulties of TOO EASY and EASY fool you. It's more like ""HARD MODE"" and ""LOL GL"".The dev has frequent updates and from what I've seen during my time involved with the community, they are fairly open to feedback, which is always great! 10/10The dungeons aren't Endless Though, the game can end. So 5/10 for false advertisement."
76561198086486110,Recommended,249050,10397219,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Chaosangel209,10/10 this game is going to make me buy endless space and endless legend. thats how good it it
76561198102517855,Recommended,249050,9496393,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Frog_sad,"very great game, i wish u could move ur characters around the rooms tho"
76561198006934536,Recommended,249050,9508049,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,StupidMonky,Addictive as hell
76561198042190293,Recommended,249050,9508486,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,ro_hu,"This game brings back so many great memories of playing ""the Dig"" and other old school pixel art games but really holds its own against any modern game. I couldn't stop playing and can't wait for more updates. If you like sci-fi and rpg with an in-depth strategy element holding it all together, I cant recommend another game more highly. Hits all the right notes.]"
76561198054903559,Recommended,249050,9553950,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,bonaccorsi,"Very fun game! Each match is totally random, with procedural generated scenarios, items and even characters. It's still in Alpha stage, but it's totally playable. I am looking forward to see the final product."
,Recommended,249050,8102378,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,delendum,"The core ideas behind Dungeon of the Endless are on the right track and the promise of content to come should turn this into a masterpiece.The curent look and feel of this alpha indicate a high level of care in the game's development - this is a surprisngly polished release and is very much playable (and re-playable).What I really liked:- The graphics are great (and I'm not a pixel graphics fanboy)- The dungeon generation has been unique and fairly unpredictable each time I re-rolled.- The heroes are well individualized and you need to adapt your strategy to accomodate their strenghts and weaknesses.- The gameplay can be challenging and unforgiving however it doesn't feel frustrating.- I haven't come accross any obvious 'spam this item to win' holes.- The 'chance' factor works really well with what the game tries to achieve and it forces you to re-think your strategy.- There's no redundant micromanagement of heroes.- No redundant micropositioning of turrets either.- Mobs aren't ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.- No game-crippling bugs that I have encountered (and for an alpha this fresh, that's really surprising)- Game has potential to become virtually endless in terms of replayability (assuming things go well dev wise).What I didn't really like:- Some turrets aren't really useful enough, or rather can be happily ignored throughout the entire game without you missing their utility. I'm referring specifically to the turrets that grant hero bonuses to armor, strength, or heal the hero.- When the world becomes larger it can get quite tedious to manage heroes on oposite sides of the map. Perhaps a minimap might be useful.- Switching between heroes can get a bit wonky and it's not always terribly obvious which one you're controling.- The 'you found the door, there it is!!!!!' pointers are insanely annoying.The obvious:- Currently not a whole lot of content is available - early alpha.- Game won't be for everyone and you might hate it.All in all, I really like this game and hope it manages to accomplish what it set out to do without needing to get dumbed down or glittered up."
76561198014768180,Recommended,249050,10576004,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Thenameless802,"With out a doubt one of the best games that I purchased this year.  It's a rogue-like and it can be hard and unforgiving at time but that makes it all the more sadistically fun.  The RPG elements including character leveling, equipment, and individual abilities unique to each hero, mesh well and ensures multiple playthroughs which can be very unique depending on which heros the player is using.  As your heros open doors of the dungeon they accumulate resouces which are used to build offencive and defensive turrets in rooms,  power rooms and constructed turrets or generators in rooms,  to level characters and to purchase turret and character upgrades and equipment.   The combination of managing all these elements might first sound complex  but the game does a great job at intragating all the features togather well in a way that makes sense and also makes you think tactically the further you get in the dungeon.Though the game is stll in development  it  has been updated regularly in the six or so months that I have owned it and alot of new content has been added.  At my last playthrough there were eight levels to the dungeon implemented and over ten heros (though I have only unlocked 5 or so) with more being planned as the game is updated and gets closer to offical release."
,Recommended,249050,9286718,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,VanWinK1LL,"Difficult, frustrating, and highly addictive."
76561198069604995,Recommended,249050,9327709,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,STUNNER,Great game be ready to die a lot a lot like no joke
76561198059938168,Recommended,249050,8569103,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Allan_Enraged,"I probably died about 15 times so far. I have restarted 8 times and made it to level 2... 4 times. There seems to be no passive skills, skills, or science-mabobs yet. But so far i am having so much fun just trying to complete the first level as perfectly as possible that sometimes i forget there is more. I can't wait til the game becomes slightly more balanced, and the missing components are added to it, but until then i will hone my prisoner executing methods a few thousand times more. Good luck and may the odds be ever in your favor."
76561197972956534,Recommended,249050,8913911,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Latch,"Fantastic rogue-like strategy game, even in this early stage. As a few others have pointed out, this is a similar feeling game to Faster Than Light, and even seems to share a mechanic or two. I loved FTL (and still haven't beat it, lol) and I love this too. The game is hard, particularly in the beginning, but as you play you'll figure out effective strategies. The atmosphere (graphics and music) draws you in, it really feels like a dangerous underworld. I am very excited to see this game evolve and get even deeper, but even now it is a ton of fun and definitely a bargain."
76561197993021775,Recommended,249050,8971210,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Tejinashi,It's a tower defense dungeon crawler/RPG. I'd recommend this game if you like FTL. The addictiveness of this game is very high
,Recommended,249050,8720317,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Vaelor,"This game is in my opinion very hard. And sometimes very frustrating.Goal is pretty simple in theory. You open doors, get ressources for every door opened. You find exit, take crystal to exit. Monsters try to kill you, especially when you try to take the crystal with you.To help you, you can Upgrade rooms with ressource Harvesters, or defensive stuff.You have a team of up to 4 players, starting with 2. If you loose one he is completly gone. This was a reason for me to start over again sometimes (except these times I could recruit another one right away). Loosing Teammates, nevertheless is REALLY painful, since you can level them up.Losing them, means your ressource you spend on leveling up, are gone. And ressources are rare. especially later in the game.Maybe a a lot of stuff changes till release, but so far I like it. Even though it is so hard and frustrating sometimes :D"
,Recommended,249050,8750484,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Styx Helix,Great game. You must try.
,Recommended,249050,8848479,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,halfvoid,"Basically a tower defense game with the style and frenetic waves of Risk of Rain, the feel of FTL's melee ship boarding combat, and that certain something that makes your brain say ""Ok, just one more run."""
,Recommended,249050,8698314,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Plan Z,"Even in its current limited state, the core gameplay here is fantastic. I've already got my $10 worth out of this game, can't wait to see what it's like when it's complete.This isn't an action-heavy TD click-fest, and you won't be controlling your party of heroes in combat directly— you move them to a room and they auto-attack. Most of the strategy comes from deciding which order to open rooms, which rooms to keep powered to prevent spawns, and funneling everything else through deadly fortified chokepoints of doom. Once you've got that strategy down, you'll consistently beat the 3 levels on offer in the alpha.That being said, it is challenging, and I'm rally looking forward to later levels and added events that force tougher decisions. I think this game is going to come together nicely."
76561197989789822,Recommended,249050,29410594,Posted: 21 January,all,Clockwork Onion,Very nice mix of different genres.
76561198025644670,Recommended,249050,8521420,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Pastywhites,"This game is very simple in its design but is incredibly well thought out in its execution. Randomly generated dungeons, resource management, multiple player characters, there is an incredible amount of depth and tactical feel to this game. The graphics and soundtrack make for a rather nostalgic feel instead of being outdated or lacking in their preformance they throw us back to old school titles that we used to know and love. This game feels like the developers are taking their time slowly but surely perfecting it, a nice change of pace from the games of today. Indie developers seem to have what big game companies have lost they are putting their heart and souls into this project and it shows Dungeon is an incredible game even in its alpha stages it has amazing potential. Those of you who bought the founders packs or might have helped kickstart it i feel like your faith will not go unrewarded. I only hope that future versions of the game might include harder difficulties, and maybe some lines of dialouge between heroes nothing voiced mind you but a few texts expressing the characters state of mind feelings towards one another or just jokes or comments about the dungeons themselves would be interesting, expanding the lore might also be cool finding codexes or data logs strewn about that contain information on the creatures crew ship and planet would be a fun treat for people who love to immerse themselves into the game. Though changes like that would be nice the game already offers so much in its alpha stage that i only imagine the completed product will be nothing less than amazing I give the alpha version of this game a 9/10 and I would say that this is my most anticapated title pending release and i absolutley can't wait for the final version I recomend anyone who reads this grab the founders pack as soon as possible you will not be dissapointed."
,Recommended,249050,13457943,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Larwick,Fun and unique.
76561197993847898,Recommended,249050,13859033,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Crusader,"13 hours in the last week, while working full time. This game is balls, and really, really, really painfully addictive. I rage quit constantly and come whimpering back like the ♥♥♥♥♥ I am. Get into it, play it long time, and just try and smash through it. it's insane crazy great."
76561197995340517,Recommended,249050,15228239,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,General Clam,"Very intelligently designed game. Great concepts, pacing, everything is top notch. This is a AAA title in an indie sheep's clothing. Highly recommended to veteran and casual gamers alike, this is how well designed this game is.A+"
,Recommended,249050,8011489,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,b0xman,"if you are anything like me, then you get a very queesy feeling whenever you see the ""early access game"" hovering over a game's store page. it signifies many crushed hopes, and a lot of ""potential"" meaning the game COULD be a lot of fun, but right now, it's an empty experience, lacking features, mechanics and content.HOWEVER i was totally BLOWN away with this game, which didn't show a single frayed edge. it has stellar music, fantastic visuals, and some really novel and innovative mechanics, taking both the tower defense genre, and the rogue-like genre to places we've never seen before.everything in it is already fun, and feels complete, which means it can only mean the game will get better! we hope. after being able to play this game on a shared account i am seriously considering splerging for the founder pack. 15 feels like a good price for this game as it is another game which may show many unique experiences, and therefore, many hours of play.i like everything Amplitude is doing with this game, and look forward to see what direction they take it in."
76561197995531075,Recommended,249050,15490202,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Al,Unforgiving but really good fun.
,Recommended,249050,10390232,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Mandalore,"Dungeon of the Endless. Man, what can I say about this game? This game by far one of the most addidcting games in my game library, BY FAR. First to begin, this game is early access, yet there are slim to none bugs that I have come across. This game is a rogue-like dungeon crawler game, which means, if you die, prepare to throw something at the wall. DotE has an astounding amount of features, for being in ALPHA. This game hasn't even made it into beta yet, and look at all the features it currently has. Now you may be debating on which pack of DotE you should buy, and you may be considering buying the Founder Pack, and if you are, then go for it. Firstly, look at the features they are promising you upon release with the Founder Pack. Secondly, you gain access to the G2G voting system on Amplitude's website (this voting system is to choose what should be put in the game next) and ultimately decides the outcome of the game upon full release. And on an end note, you get to be apart and amazing community. BUY THIS GAME!"
76561198042110223,Recommended,249050,12034323,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,scatwalla,"Deeper than it seems at first. Very addicting and very punishing. As an Early Access game, it is very well done so far. I have no regrets buying it."
76561198039120979,Recommended,249050,8277922,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,krell_tsw,"Interesting game idea.  Kind of a tower defense game on a smaller scale with extra strategy.  Maps are unique to each game, so it has a lot of replayability.  Recommend only for those who understand it's not a complete game and is buggy and changing on a regular basis.  The developers are active on the community boards, and I personally am looking forward to watching how the game grows."
76561198093344146,Recommended,249050,23976609,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,SpicyMouth,"Great game! Super super super fun to play with firends, and i's very unique."
,Recommended,249050,15796378,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,nixr,"Rogue-like tower-defense RPG with 4 person multiplayer. A bit of a mash up of Alien Swarm, Defense Grid, DOTA and FTL. Set in the same 'verse as their previous games Endless Legend and Endless Space, with some shared races, lore, and humour."
,Recommended,249050,15423272,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Plumber Dragon,"Dungeon of the Endless has brought me back to my gaming roots from the early 90s, yet pulled me through a world of fresh new elements I haven't quite expreience fully.First, you crash land on a planet, and are plunged deep into the dungeon. You find yourself in a room with one other and a crystal. As you manage your way through the first floor you encounter monsters of various traits, merchants with certain goods, and science machines to advance yourself. Leveling up is achieved through the gaining of the food resource, and you can manufacture food, and 2 others. Once your reach the exit, you must bring your crystal with you and be challenged by al the monsters of the floor.I find after a few play throughs that DotE is a perfect game. Nothing more needs to be added to this little masterpiece, and nothing needs to be taken away. Well balanced, well designed, and a tough play, like games used to be!I challenge anyone new to this game to attempt to take this game on on easy mode.  Be prepared a force feeding of humility!!!"
,Recommended,249050,10122362,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,TuxedoCat,It's pretty pretty
76561198031690445,Recommended,249050,8313016,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,TORIPON,"One of the best indie stratigy games i ever played, its hard and fun to play."
,Recommended,249050,8525713,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Spyonk,"It looks incredibly promising in the state that it is. I can only imagine the game getting better and better as the devolopers work on it. Even though there's not ""Endless"" dungeons, it's still worth picking up imo."
76561198024300621,Recommended,249050,8370570,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,mortenb79,Awesome and fun even in Alpha. If you like a more complex Tower Defence experience then this is great fun.
76561198030778236,Recommended,249050,15440514,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Whygee,Ever played a roguelike real-time strategy tactical action RPG turn-based tower defense game?No?Try it.You'll die a lot and you'll love it.10/10 would crash land again.
76561198038420427,Recommended,249050,10350861,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,OWCY,"Its amazing.The levels are never the same , so you dont know if your find the door in the next room or 15 doors later.Its tower defense, and a rts at the same time. you open a room, put power to it, build a node, the make a guy work on it for more resources. then u fill the room up with towers of different sorts. sending the other guys to open the next room to fight the monsters, then retreat to your friend at the node to stand off all the monsters that come from the dark rooms you didnt power.you can only unlock a hero if you meet them, recruit them and keep them alive for 3 floors, or complete the dungeon, making the game worth going back to, to unlock them all.you never get angry when you get killed you just start again."
,Recommended,249050,12619768,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,h a v,"Note: This review is for the final patch prior to the full release of the game. There's currently no Coop mentioned, and I have not tried the ships / gametype variants so I will not mention either.My GOTY candidate. There's a lot more here than what you see at first glance.PROS:- Hero choices make the game varied, and engaging.- Gear and Builds become interesting and somewhat diverse (more on this later).- Resource management is straightforward, and easy to grasp. Interesting decision on how you use your resources added in later patches.- Level of difficulty is very high (this might be a con for some)- Excellent art style.CONS:- RNG can definitely kill your run, hands down.- Balance was lacking a bit. There were some OP builds which made the game easier, though some of these have been addressed in patches.- The game expects you to learn its ins and outs via investing time. It's not very easy to pick up.- Unlocking heroes can be fun, though once you get to the latter heroes to unlock, it feels like a time sink.Overall:Bottom line for me personally is that I really enjoy the depth of the game. It took me hours of fiddling around with what's possible, and strategizing and using tactics and a relatively high level of micromanagement to beat the game on its hardest difficulty. Though RNG can make this game a bit more tedious than I'd like, I stil find this a refreshing take on the genre (or mash of genre's in this case).It's really the gameplay and the extreme level of dedication and understanding of the systems in the game that make this  extremely fullfilling to play. Few experiences have pushed me that close to the edge and I enjoyed every minute of it. There's definitely some downsides, but compared to most triple A releases this game packs a huge punch for the price. It does offer a large amount of replayability in the form of heroes, and playing to their strengths plus adjusting strategy to come up with new playstyles on the fly. You won't win on the first go, and chances are it will take you some time to even clear a few floors. But if you're like me, you'll really enjoy the experience.Once CoOp is added, I'll be back in to spend some time trying to sync with my friends and beat the game for my 7th time."
76561197995305055,Recommended,249050,11238142,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Crankley,"Exellent game with a great dev squad. If you like Rouge-likes, this is worth picking up."
76561198036186446,Recommended,249050,9737265,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Ca_Putt,Innovative and stylish.
,Recommended,249050,8553935,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Sir Doctor Loud [Loud Only],"Dungeon of the Endless.... (Personal valuation 8/10)I must say this game may be an Alpha Version still - but it plays itself like a Full game.Random generated Maps and diffrent Characters each time make this game a great game to play when you are bored.But its not an easy one.The goal in this game is to bring your Energy-Crystal to the escape point, which will make you reach the next level - and thereby map of the game.Sounds easy? Wrong. The rooms you walk trough with your two start characters contain treasures, supplies or evil monsters which try to destroy your Crystal.Your Crystal can power rooms so no enemies spawn inside and so you can build defenses or generators.Every few rooms, some enemies spawn in dark rooms to attack your crystal.Will you find the exit and carry the crystal there, or will your enemies destroy you and your crystal?"
,Recommended,249050,14077793,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,BloodBidet313,"This game is incredibly fun and challenging.  Your task is to explore a randomly generated dungeon, one room at a time.  Manage four essential resources to build defenses, develop technology, power the rooms you explore, and heal/level up your heros.  As the dungeon unfolds, waves of monsters spawn from unpowered rooms, bringing towerdefense elements into the mix."
,Recommended,249050,16572644,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Pretend,"It says ""Easy Mode"" more like F*CK THAT JESUS BETTER RUN AND DON'T DIE BILLY"". It's a good game and I recommend you guys try its mind-challenging gameplay."
76561198084043657,Recommended,249050,20490917,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Solid Snek,Been killed by 190193 monsters trying to defend my only resource to escape10/10 would horribly die again.
,Recommended,249050,8047159,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,canada_dry77,The premise of the game is amazing especially if you played endless space. The ability to explore an endless structure is fantastic and the fact its just alpha its going to be an amazing game and is a steal at $10.
,Recommended,249050,8770458,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Kerdee,"I have a good feeling for that game, but I would recommand to wait for getting it, as it is rather poor in content for now."
76561198008534531,Recommended,249050,12204227,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,zonemagorgo,"Excellent game and I keep going back for more. Rogue-like, RPG, Tower Defense mixture that works out great. Looking forward to more updates.EDIT - Multiplayer is GREAT. This game just gets better the more I play it."
76561198018715228,Recommended,249050,23841883,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Zombie Overlord,"[I've just beat all 12 floors of the first dungeon solo and on ""Too Easy"", see below. Tried many different heroes. Pixel Edition.] Remarkable game. Didn't think I would enjoy pixelated graphics, but apparently it doesn't look ""bad"" just because it doesn't look ""realistic"". The details in animation and environment are stunning. The dreamy soundtrack and amazing artstyle craft a unique, otherwordly atmosphere to enjoy this marvellous strategy adventure in. I will say that the difficulty settings are misleading - there are only Too Easy and Easy. You better plan what you're doing carefully on Too Easy if you mean to make it to the surface. Taking on Easy will be a daunting task for sure. Encountered about three bugs - an Item Duplicating bug in Multiplayer (beneficial), a frozen Hero in Multiplayer (easily resolved by restarting the game) and an Item Vanishing bug in both Single- and Multiplayer (once each)(rather frustrating). The excitement of exploring what's behind the next door is what makes this game truly addictive to me. Will be upgrading to Crystal Edition now to unlock some more heroes and challenges, but all you really need to get into the game and see if you like it is in the Pixel Edition. 9/10 - would buy again."
,Recommended,249050,23915940,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,The Pain Bringer,A game where you can have a robot slave away at machines while you have your chef run around and kill things with a butcher's knife.And they lasted the whole game.I rate Chef/10
,Recommended,249050,13208102,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,-=CotS=- Wadsworth,"This game is really interesting.Harsh learning curve, high replayability, awesome art style.The gameplay feels like a really old roguelike, with some cool very modern features.Every character is very unique and you need to take your time, to learn what makes them unique.Also the lore behind this game seems solid.Not over the top deep*** background story, but every character has their own story and their background.Everything is logic and fitting.There are some downsides to this game, like you need to keep your attention on the game and you need to learn something, but this is also what really makes it a good mix between setting up your characters and building your surroundings.Gonna give it a ""Buy it on Sale"" - Badge, because most people don't like to concentrate really on a game."
76561198024985610,Recommended,249050,17180572,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Ryuuga Hideki,"I've only put a few hours into this game so far, but it's been great testing the waters and learning how it works. All of the seemingly disparate genre elements are tightly and smartly woven together in a package that seems greater than the sum of its parts. Dense with information at first, you're given a lot of room to learn and grow. There are some random elements at work, but as you learn how the game works you will eventually be able to handle what the game throws at you. Difficult for sure, but not unfair or unmanageable.In addition to the rock-solid gameplay, Dungeon of the Endless is both an aural and visual delight. The soundtrack is excellently paced and fits in with the game incredibly well, and I'm grateful that the soundtrack is included in the game's files already in MP3 format. Graphics are nicely stylized pixel art with some decent lighting and particle effects layered on top. It's always clear to see what's going on and who is who when things get hectic.Dungeon of the Endless also has a nicely balanced sense of dread about what's through every next door, but also a good amount of humor to break up the tension. Not to mention the growing sense of satisfaction and glee as you make it further and further, overcoming steadily greater obstacles. Besides the initial, steep difficulty curve of learning how the game works, each dungeon has a steady - but fair - climb in difficulty as you progress. It's also highly replayable, further adding to the game's value.I'm amazed that the developer even tried to make an RPG/Tower Defense/Roguelike/Strategy hybrid, and even moreso that they actually pulled it off so well. I already know that this is a game I'll be coming back to for years."
,Recommended,249050,8672019,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Sef,"It's alpha as all hell, the skill system needs to be implemented STAT, and there needs to be more variety to the core gameplay. While I understand that there needs to be a final, kill all failure (losing all dust), but make that a secondary worry, with the first being character survival and exploration. I say this mainly because I shouldn't need to step through a door, and have an inane worry of enemies flooding towards the crystal. That should be, if anything, a worst case scenario. While speaking of the crystal, implement more ways to obtain dust than unknowingly entering a room with a dust supply. It's a good thing this game is in bare-bones alpha, and still has much too look forward to.However, these are all minor complaints that WILL be filtered out or diverted in Dungeon's slow alpha-to-beta building process. The game already is good for just playing and relaxing. It doesn't require so much focus, you can't have other things at hand/in mind. Furthermore, I feel the game leaves plenty of room for an engaging story and style.People who played/enjoyed Endless Space, or more specifically, its lore will find this game intriguing enough. Perhaps wait 'til beta? I recommend it anyway but, don't jump on this bandwagon if you aren't planning on giving it time."
76561198004423149,Recommended,249050,13766082,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,The BlackVision,"An impressive game from the makers of Endless Legend and Endless Space, the links between the games are clear in the simple resources used in each, and the basic premises the games generally hold, as well as the subtle hints that ALL the games have links with one another that tease their fans; and the enticingly different games of each genre (if you can even define an exact genre for this one!) make their games distinctive and unique, a fresh breeze in genres that are frequently carbon copies of one design or another.Dungeon of the Endless does more than their previous efforts though - this time, it's not just a fresh take on a type of game, they've conjoined multiple genres and come up with something totally different. I would completely recommend it - it's both casually enjoyable, and surprisingly addictive. The simple graphics are not off-putting in the slightest, a testiment to the designers that they were aiming for gameplay far more than scoring 10/10 for being one-up on other developers (and the gorgeous graphics in their other games shows that they can definately deliver on that when they choose to)More than that though, they master the roguelike genre by giving you multiple unlockable bonuses for replaying, as well as gradually building your ability with the game; but not to a point where a seasoned, experienced player would always score FAR better than a new starter to it, so long as the new starter was prepared to learn from them.It's also fantastic for multiplayer, far more than many of the type, and the multiplayer is a totally different experience, one I'd recommend for anyone - though they may want to wait for the next release before doing it seriously with other people (save and load for multiplayer, bug-fixes, etc) - but I'd hasten to add that the solo play is hardly lacking either.Even when you think you've compeltely mastered an approach, a run of bad luck can leave you in a seriously dangerous position; and if the standard play begins to bore, switching the capsule type or the characters you play with totally changes how the game plays. A big thumbs up from me, and it further increases the respect I have for Ampitude's games as a whole.One last mention - they also have a quirky humour that's entirely their own, whether it comes to the fake latin-esque drugs on the infirmary pod to the in-game item descriptions and names; or simply in the tiny hints about their games and the secrets in them; or even in the lift conversations that unlock secrets in character biographies; all the hints and text are small and subtle, not requiring you to be involved; but if you want to put in the time to seek out their secrets, it's a satisfying reward for it too.A big congratulations from an experienced gamer to the developers - it's a lovely piece of work and makes me excited to see their next!"
,Recommended,249050,8404426,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,IUFMarine,"Amplitude is probably one of the best studios in gaming when it comes to community driven developement. I am a founder and a die-hard supporter of both this game and Endless Space. The game is solid and very playable even in its early Alpha state (albiet short), but where it shines is in the ability to play it, and then vote on how you would like to see it grow! Keep on developing games Amplitude, I will keep on buying!"
,Recommended,249050,10834683,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Kei-chan,"It's a strange hybrid of roguelike and tower defense, where you open doors to reveal unpowered rooms (and sometimes merchants, chests, caches of resources, new heroes, or monsters). You can power the rooms up, allowing modules (essentially towers and resource generators) to be built inside of them, and preventing monsters from spawning inside of them. Every time a door is opened, you receive your allotment of resources per door opened (depending on your generators) and there is a chance that waves of monsters will spawn from the unpowered rooms, who will attempt to attack your core.Upon finding the exit to the next floor, you must have a hero carry the core to the exit, each room you pass through losing power as it is disconnected from the core, with monsters spawning non-stop from unpowered rooms.It's a pretty unique game, and despite balance issues (hopefully due to the game's incomplete beta state), is quite fun. 4-player co-op is up soon on their roadmap, so it'll be interesting to see how that works, or if it'll be a hot mess with people accidentally opening multiple doors at once due to poor coordination and getting everyone killed.Also, it's worth noting that the developer has handled this game's early access in an extremely professional manner, and that development has sped along at a steady clip."
,Recommended,249050,8050375,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,keyp3r,"(As of 0.1.1)It’s tough, and probably needs a little rebalancing as to where things spawn and how much, but being it's in alpha I'm extremely impressed. I made it through on my 5th or 6th try, at least as far as the early access would allow (level 4 I think?). I can tell I'm going to love this game though. The two negative things I have to say about it are that occasionally it'll seem a bit unfair and loot will only rarely spawn that you can use if you don’t have a diverse team (something you can't choose). Once I started a new game died after I opened the third door. There was nothing that I could have done to prevent this and was a clear case of the game killing me instead of me dying. Many times, starting out, you'll find that any gear you stumble across is only good to be sold since neither of your two people can use a pistol, for example  (despite one of them being able to use machine guns...?). Whether the latter issue is problem with the loot drops or the gear system is subjective I suppose.All that being said though, I love this game so far. I love the genre bending mechanics and the not-quite-shadowrun and not-quite-fallout world. I love the art and sound. I love the droplets of story you get with each random party and each piece of gear you stumble across. I cannot recommend this game enough."
76561198117083028,Recommended,249050,12933292,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,IntergalacticTourist,Nice amount of depth both as an rpg and tower defense game. Also challenging! It has a ton of personality and the soundtrack is great.
,Recommended,249050,13303741,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,judo chop action super buddha,"""easy"""
76561198031050936,Recommended,249050,11556835,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,w33hawk,This game is great!
,Recommended,249050,8013748,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Vampire Vex,"One of the most best indie/Strategy/tower defense game i have ever got my hands on. The music is bone-chilling, you can tell its a game of about mystery.  Being stranded with no idea what is behind a door, rooms full of darkness, and there things out there that can either aid you, or things that want to kill you and your squad, it makes it really challenging, you have to prepare for the worst. The art in this game is fantastic, reminds me of the great times when 18 bit was the aspect back in the 90's. Love that its brought that feeling back, the 3D pixel tops it off, all i did was stare on how creative it is, once i saw the trailer, i instantly want this game in my grasp. Once i purchased it, i played it off and i have to admit for being in Alpha, you can tell this game has great potential, there are so many things that will make this game better, and i can't wait till the full game comes out, i have great faith on this game. So I recommend anyone who are also new to indie/strategy games!"
76561198001535277,Recommended,249050,8016797,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Volney,"Don't let the 'alpha' fool you, this is entertaining 'as is.'  RPG, RTS, Dungeon Crawler,Turn Based Strategy, Tower Defense, it's actually hard to begin.  Radom characters, random levels, random upgrades, random encounters.  No need to have or understand Endless Space (the originating game/idea) at all.  At the beginning, a game will last 30 mins, but once you get the 'real' idea of the game, you'll lose track of time altogether."
,Recommended,249050,8019059,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,AlCarbohne,"What this Game is and is a good deal.Basic: You get 2 random heroes and try to fight your way trough the dungeon.Interesting: Your Crystal gains Energy every Round and looses energy when it gets attacked. The energy provided by the crystal then is used indirect to gather resources where you have to decide again which resources you want to produce. You get into this weird spot trying to defend 1. your crystal, 2. your ""outposts"" that gather resources and 3. advancing trough the dungeon while now and then waves of monsters spawn in allready cleared rooms.How much do you invest into defense/outposts that is gone as you enter the next level?Leaving Heroes behind to defend or pushing forward?Leveling up heroes or save the resources for other things like hiring other heroes?You allways seems to have not enough of everything and still try to go on room by room.I recomment this game for everybody who just interessted in the slightest way of dealing with a bit complex problems or has played games like FTL or even Democracy 3.Keep in mind that this is very much Alpha (0.1 att) and there are many more things to come. For now it only provides contet for a few hours depending how good you are."
,Recommended,249050,8029888,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,[Alpha]-0mega-,"This is an Early Access Review, so read with that in mind.Dungeon of The Endless, portrayed as a ''Roguelike Dungeon-Defender"" game. Roguelike seems to be more equivalent with ''PermaDeath'' these days than actual Roguelikes, because *real* Roguelikes these days are rare. While Dungeon of the Endless *does* kind of fall flat in that department, the gameplay and visuals are still great and the game is a joy to play.What do you do?You crashlanded on a planet in your escape pod. Two of your crew members survived but the escape pod is totally ruined. It is up to you to exit the space shuttle, explore the hallways of some unknown facility, and escape with the power core that still happened to be intact. It is reminiscent of tower-defense games, in that there is a distinct turn-based mechanic going on in-between the real time segments. Every time you explore a new room, you get additional resources plus a chance to spawn some event. There's an event for the room you just entered (Resources / Items / Monsters / Nothing / NPCs) and a possible event for several rooms that have been exploded and abandoned (Monster spawns).As soon as you open a door to explore a new room, you potentially trigger a ''tower defense wave''. If nothing happens? Lucky you! Continue to build / scout / play around and open another door.The power core itself also plays a role, with its health being shared as both currency and power-limiter, you will have to keep it safe to ensure the option of building a safe route throughout the dungeons that you will be exploring. Almost every room has a specific amount of small nodes and big nodes which can be used to build towers that either attack, help defend, or give other supportive boons that affect either your heroes or the resource generation per room explored.Although the Early Access is relatively limited, it is already noticeable that a lot of work went into this game, and as far as I can tell, it should only get better and better as time goes on.The only downsides for the early access (other than limited content) are the few bugs, of which some can be quite annoying (and even gamebreaking at times) They happen sparingly though, and with the dedication Amplitude has shown on their other games, this should get fixed relatively fast.So, would I recommend this game?If you are looking for an *actual* Roguelike in the same style as NetHack / ADOM / mAngband, then no.If you are looking for a fun strategical Tower Defense meets Dungeon Crawler RPG game, then it's an absolute yes."
76561198036412483,Recommended,249050,9643890,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Memphis_E,"Well I had my first taste of it, I think this game is really fun. I was wanting a Tower Defense type of game...but wanted to find something that had other elements if possible. Well I randomly came across this and I liked the art style instantly...Few games actually interest me with the oldish pixel style but this sure did. Its pretty fun overall, my first playthrough I expected to get killed while learning the game but it is EXTREMELY easy to pick up and play instantly. I made it from start to exit and fully explored the first 3 levels and finally parished on level 4 as waves got quite a bit larger. Its fun, its not too easy or too hard. Theres items, abilities, and the ability to level up and heal your heros. Theres artifacts to research more tech which I love, theres multiple different resources to take advantage of in multiple ways...its just a fun game. So far I cant say too much bad about this title as I was craving a certain game, I saw this and got more than expected..nothing more, nothing less. Very Fun, and im happy this is only in Alpha, the good can only get better from here. I recommend this game if it is below $10 any day.gameplay, graphics(if the style appeals to you and it does to me), and randomly generated dungeons for extra replay value that could be limitless depending how much you like the game."
76561198011979482,Recommended,249050,12812535,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Fish,"If you like games like FTL I would highly recommend this game, as it has many of the same features with the addition of RPG elements.Music leaves something to be desired, but overall very fun game."
,Recommended,249050,12881707,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Zellator,"Dungeon of the Endless is very hard to define in today standard of games.The best way I found to define it is that it has an old-school soul: the art is great, the music is extremely fitting and the gameplay extremely innovative.That being said, the game still has its down points, unbalance is one of them. (watch out for those jumping fat men, URGH I HATE THOSE GUYS *rage quits*)Only being recently released as a 1.0 version, you can't really say the game's development is done. The devs are still working on new content and posting about it frequently.Also, you might want to play it with your friends, and you can, with up to 4 of them over network.tl;dr : Innovative game with plenty of eye-candy, really hard sometimes, has co-op."
,Recommended,249050,15892321,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Awesome54356,"If you don't like the game, you probably aren't playing with friends, and playing with friends makes the game one hundred times better!"
76561198026619799,Recommended,249050,13664378,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Celephaïs,A combination of random generated dungeons in a roguelike fashion and tactical tower defence makes this game very compelling.Many unique characters to unlock and combine for a new adventure every time.And there is multiplayer available for people that prefer multiplayer games.A great recommendation!
,Recommended,249050,20022567,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Crowm™,This game is perfect for those who love hard  !!
,Recommended,249050,15616784,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Sharkon,"Amazing game, almost 27 hours poured onto it and I haven't even finished the 1st spaceship yet (maybe I'm just bad, but that's the way of it), I'm not even starting to get tired of playing it, and I plan on getting even moar hours of gameplay out of it.The art of the game is outstanding, carefully drawn and designed. Very minimalistic (it's all pixel art), yet the characters have a lot of personality.I got this game at 50% during some sale and worried a bit about buying it on impulse (yes, 10 bucks is some money for me, and yes I  went for the Crystal Edition). I can now see those fears where unfounded since it's worth each and every cent I payed for it, and IMO, even more.Almost two years have passed since I bought it and I sitll ♥♥♥♥ing love this game."
,Recommended,249050,16854551,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,WizBiz,"I can play it on a mobile device flawlessly, great game"
76561197962342839,Recommended,249050,8024949,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Friendly Gummy Bear,"Dungeon of the Endless is a blast. A unique spin on the rogue-like genre, I found myself pretty additcted from the start. I'm a fan of rogue-likes in general as well as tower defense games and this one is by far the best merges of the two I have seen. I've already beaten the Alpha but I will say that I cant wait for future updates to try this again.Overall, the game is extremely polished for an Alpha and I encountered no bugs so far, having played multiple sessions. The UI is clean and intuitive, and looks good overall. Its clear this is an Alpha but only because there are a few areas marked in the UI where functionality is going to be added. This game is smoother and more polished than some full games I've played, though it is a pixel game and I do have a powerhouse PC so that may be a factor. The game ran smooth and areas that arent complete are clearly marked and unintrusive.As far as the difficulty and learning curve, this game nailed it. It starts off fairly easy and simple, quickly becoming more complex and strategic as you progress to further depths and the maps become bigger. The tower defense aspects that werent necessary at the start became more important later on as you start to be overwhelmed on multiple angles. The game eventually developed into a risk-reward game for me because I found the exit but there were tons of unopened rooms for me to still explore. My only complaint would be that eventually I had tons of industry with nothing to use it on and it just piled up.In the end, this game is a deffinite buy for anyone remotely interested. Looking forward to playing more devs, keep up the good work!"
76561198045808952,Recommended,249050,24262112,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,diablogamer225,A great mash up of genres. A very addicting and difficult game. I would recommend this for anyone looking for a unique experience.
,Recommended,249050,24328009,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Cae,"Deserves your attention, if only for how different it is. That it's fun is almost besides the point... but it's fun, too, which is good."
76561198118240924,Recommended,249050,17299114,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Tony Slark,Wonderful game!
76561198142873370,Recommended,249050,15437431,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,TheFalseRoman,"Dungeon of the Endless is a hard game, with an alright learning curve and amazing graphics, and, with random dundeons each time you make a new game, gives it an amazing amount of replayablity to the game."
,Recommended,249050,8076069,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Player Won,"What AMPLITUDE has here are most definitely the makings of a superb game.  The progression of opening doors to begin waves and shape the enemies' overall path is the perfect way to marriage the Tower Defense and Roguelike geres.  ""What you'll find behind the door"" is just random enough that you can experience ""garbage runs"", but it's balanced enough that a run is never doomed before it begins.Risk and reward are balanced very well, too, often in the form of continuous decision making on the player's part: ""Do I hunker down in this position, or do I spread out my defenses to guard more resource production?"" ""Do I pay Dust (resource that lasts only one floor) to a Merchant for items, possibly overextend my resources until I'm done with the floor (and Dust is less precious) or play it safe and make sure I can live to see the next level?""There may only be three floors to the game as of now, but Dungeon of the Endless is already worth the price of admission if you're a fan of the genres.  And I have no doubt it will only get better from here."
,Recommended,249050,15464739,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,The Surprise,"Tried it out durring a free-play weekend, then after about 5 levels decided the game was worth it.There is a decent amount of various items, stats, characters, abilities, situations, etc that this game is solid and not over-done by gratuitious options. The puzzle elements are in managing resources, which rooms the player must power on, which order to open doors, where to place various moduals, what moduals or modual upgrades to research, etc. For a turn based game, it has such a nice pace.I really like how they went about the Deep Freeze DLC and that there is an upgrade option to go from Pixel Edition to Crystal Edition."
76561198030460425,Recommended,249050,15572687,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,vmspot,Muito Bom !!! Recomendo. Estilo dungeon defenders com rogue like e uma pitadinha de RPG.
,Recommended,249050,15576275,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,arp1033,"Very very good, lots of replayability, humor, and challange."
,Recommended,249050,15785394,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Only One Time,Good game amazing sound
76561197984645155,Recommended,249050,15778316,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,ibux,"Nice single player game, lacks a bit of depth, but it was fun.The multiplayer stil need some work imo."
76561198013457849,Recommended,249050,14440118,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,KingMeatwad,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥~!!
,Recommended,249050,13035495,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,BlueOrange,"This clever, nicely-paced game isn't quite FTL, but it's worth mentiong in the same sentence. FTL's basic gameplay is quite repetitive, but there are interesting choices to be made at the strategic level, as you find out what modules are on offer.  DOTE's basic gameplay has a fair amount of variation, but the number of viable strategies feels a lot more limited.  There's definitely a real learning curve, and unlocking character stories is quite satisfying.  However, DOTE feels much more like a series of tactical and operational puzzles than it gives a feeling of strategy.  I may be saying that because I haven't worked out the tactical puzzles yet (and am therefore blind to strategy) but there's a strong feeling of 'starting again' with each new floor that drains my sense of satisfaction and progression.If you like exploring mazes and unlocking things, you'll get a ton of enjoyment out of DOTE.  That's not quite my thing, but I still enjoyed it for quite a few hours."
,Recommended,249050,14448523,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,RacingGun,"An engrossing adventure that I can't put down.  Each turn is a combination of excitement and dread as another door is opened.  Guide your chosen heroes to their gruesome death again and again.  Just when it feel like it's getting easier and you have control of the situation, the RNG gods will test your defenses and most of the time crush them.  Do you make the risky play or the safe one?  Horde resources and build stronger defenses?  Make a run for the end of the level or open another door in search of resources?  Beautifully polished with endearing graphics and captivating music.  Oozing character and dark humour.  HIGHLY recommended."
76561198113264796,Recommended,249050,14140181,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,A Pedophile Gnome,Started a game today. One of my heroes was a dog. Did not disappoint.
,Recommended,249050,8552024,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Guybrush Threepwood,"For all those Warcraft3 lovers out there, who enjoyed tower and hero defenses just as much as i did:THIS IS YOUR GAME.Once you understood the mechanics of this game (e.g. powered / unpowered rooms or defense / roaming hero) it becomes quite addictive and very tactical.The cool part (compared to wc3 TDs) is that between your turns, you have endless time to improve your heros and roosm itself.PRO:-The variaty of items and champsis not as rich as in wc3 or dota, but added to the concept of tower defense you end up having troubles to decide which tactical way to go and which item/champ comps are suiting you best.-DotE is rarly based on random events (exept for the tech-tree and the item drop). At the beginning it may seem so, but then you havent understood the mechanics yet.CON:NO MICROMANAGING-You have no control of the Heros, except that you can tell them in which room they should move.-You also have no way of building a maze."
76561198040743165,Recommended,249050,9245968,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,sqwidee,"Genius combination of Real-Time Strategy, Tower Defense, RPG-progression mechanics, and Rogue-like elements. Genre mash-ups usually seem chaotic and poorly thought out, but everything in this game works brilliantly. Explore dungeons, fight waves of enemies, manage resources, build defenses, and get to the exit. And if you die... YOU DIE.The alpha still has room for improvement, specifically in terms of controls (a MOBA-style minimap would be nice for managing units in the larger dungeons), but the core gameplay here is pure genius and can be enjoyed by RTS players and Roguelike junkies alike.Post-release review update:TACTICAL MAP FIXED EVERYTHING WRONG WITH THE CONTROLS YES YES YES!Also there's multiplayer and way more heroes now. This is an amazing game! Wurf yo money."
,Recommended,249050,14747537,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Skankhunt42,"Nice rogue-like tower defense RPG. Kinda tough, but still engagement."
,Recommended,249050,15893853,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Segrified,"I would describe this game as incredible. The dark and pixelated art style is beautiful, and the gameplay no less so. an interesting time-passing mechanic forces you to plan every move carefully, and when you mess up, it can turn deadly. Every second I've played has been enjoyable."
76561198075994894,Recommended,249050,14077794,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Drunkest Dragon,"Some roguelikes like FTL are engrossing and addicting, others like Risk of Rain feel like a mouse wheel with no purpose.  Dungeon of the Endless is the best roguelike style game I've ever played.  It combines many of the emotional elements I love from other games, like Diablo 1 and Fallout with tower defense mechanics.  There are lots of details and a sense of progression that make me feel like I'm acheiving something, so when I die--and I die often-- I want to play again instead of find something more interesting to do."
,Recommended,249050,8012183,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Raidhyn,"DotE is part tower defense, part rogue-like, part dungeon crawler and it's hella fun. Once you get your head wrapped around the system (takes about 10 minutes, maybe 2 deaths) it quickly evolves into a great experience. AND THIS IS IN ALPHA. I'm really looking forward to seeing what the team at Amplitude Studios evolve this into over the coming months.If you have the opportunity to grab it in it's early access stages, do it!"
76561198041960543,Recommended,249050,15453295,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,MaraG,"As far as I can tell, ""too easy"" difficulty is not too easy.10/10"
76561198087047268,Recommended,249050,8712582,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Crayonmuffin,"Interesting blend of RTS, dungeon crawl, roguelike, and tower defense game. Not much to play right now as it's early access but each run is different and unique. Can't wait to see what the finished game will be like."
76561198025195084,Recommended,249050,14180801,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,doiron5,"Exactly what you want in a Roguelike -- Lots of depth.  Lots of variety.  Lots of strategy.  Very rewarding to play and master.9 out of 10 (with the potential for 10/10 with further development which is in the pipeline)Starts off very hard, but you always know why you died/failed.  As you learn how the game and characters work, the game gets much easier and starts to really shine.  If you're on the fence, get the basic 'Pixel Pack' - you don't get much with the upgrade to Crystal (one hero, one game mode).  I play on Linux under WINE with no major problems, although it's not supported.Pros:+ Great characterizations, diverse skills which dramatically change the game+ Monsters which force you to change tactics floor-to-floor+ Game modes, while a little thin, do offer a good dose of variety+ Music/Sound is excellent.  even at 100+ hours in, the music is still a welcome addition.+ Tactics and strategy matter - a lot!+ Lots of replayability and more in the future thanks to continued development+ Even if you're an expert, there's still a lot of challengeCons:- Tower defense aspect is really a second fiddle to the heroes, especially in lower levels, mostly due to one enemy type (Zoners) destroying minor modules- Multiplayer is still rough (but being improved patch by patch)- The music in the first video is not in the game- Interface could use a little work (health is hard to see, 'restore skill' is hidden, can't pin heroes to rooms)- Characters sometimes don't attack/repair immediately (minor quibble, really)- Crystal running is usually trivialAbout the difficulty: it's hard, yes (and I like hard), but you get to the point where the balance flips and losing becomes a rarity.  It's still difficult and rewarding, but the heal mechanic means you can just overproduce food and heal all the time, so it's actually hard to lose outright.  Many of my first few losses were simply being to skimpy on healing; lesson learned...always top heroes off if you want them to live.Other tips:* take 30 minutes and read a guide or two; it'll save you a few failed runs.* start on 'very easy'* PAUSE. all the time. assess how the battle's going.  is one hero in trouble?  are enemies going a path you didn't anticipate?* don't heavily invest in offense modules; your heroes should be doing most of the fighting* change your strategy if you see Zoners (triangle guys which attack minor modules), Dozers (big rock guys which attack major modules), or Riders (can open doors). monsters are set per floor.  if you see one of the above, the level is going to be much, much harder* Max is very, very good thanks to his ability to generate dust on door opens.  makes floors 8+ much easier.* Controlling aggro is essential, although there are many ways to do it.  the easiest is with Skroig, the necrophage character, and his Red Plume skill - reset (on the character sheet) when necessary; it's cheaper than healing/rebuilding.* Floors start at about 11 doors for level 1 and go to about 32 doors. generally, keep building resource generators until 2/3rds through. shoot for two operators at all times. make use of mechanical pals, when you'll be sure they pay off.* when dust gets short, have one 'exploration' wing where only one room is lit for defenses (with a combat hero that can control aggro), and one 'production' wing where all rooms are lit.  only open more rooms on the 'production' wing when you have enough dust to light the room you're going to open.* neurostun, tear gas, and biotransferrance are some of the best support modules* research 'Shop's and put an Operator on any merchants you find post floor 7-8"
,Recommended,249050,15440775,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,it Snows in Space,"This ♥♥♥♥ing game is a 9 out of 10 when it ♥♥♥♥ing works. The multiplayer is riddled with bugs and it ruins it.> Half the time I play multiplayer either there is a slot in the lobby that people cannot ready up in, no matter the player> someone gets booted from the server as soon as we ♥♥♥♥ing start the game.It's really terrible. Multiplayer can literally be unplayable at times. What a damn shame for such a great game.> Why is there no voice chat in this game? The multiplayer needs voice chat.Don't waste your money on the DLC's. In all I would value the DLCs at $1.50 total. Don't buy this game unless its $5 or less. Not worth it when they threw together the spahghetti code for the damned multiplayer."
76561198030685674,Recommended,249050,15469959,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Predator,"Breathtakingly good.Tens across the board, thats right, everything gets a ten. gameplay, ten, audio yeah ten,,, obviously the graphics, ten,  Its ten across the board,Take the hypothetical scoreboard, imagine tens all along it,Thats what i`m talking about.10/10"
,Recommended,249050,15669565,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Creatorri,"I love this game. It combines the idea of a tower defence with the sharpness of a rogue-like dungeon crawler, with intuitive and surprising systems. As usual with Amplitude, I suffer from 'one more turn' syndrome every time I play this game. It is harder and shorter than a 4x, but keeps me on my toes all throught the game, unlike in a 4x where one starts knowing noone, this game has enemies that scale, change and destroy constantly, from suicide bomb-bugs to wizards to crystaline bohemoths to weird two-legged wolf-like things. The multiplayer is slightly unintuitive, but very enjoyable all the same."
,Recommended,249050,9966010,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,BallisticParadox,"Very entertaining, and at a good price too.  Can't wait until it's finished."
,Recommended,249050,15436687,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Dangerpyl,Its kool
76561198067133454,Recommended,249050,15986928,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,MySpartan94,"one of the most addicting games i have played in a long time, honestly the multiplayer makes it much more interesting even if im just playing with random people or if i hook up with buddies."
,Recommended,249050,15471349,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,KrispyMichael,"I usually wouldn't play dungeon game, or any games that have the word dungeon in its title, but this game is cool! It combined both dungeon and sci-fi together, which make it really fun. Definally recommand this game."
,Recommended,249050,16403553,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Ruanna,"It's a nice and a kind of dificult game, very good and entertaining :D"
76561198016421307,Recommended,249050,20263430,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,mongoose19,"This is how I start off 2015, by staying up ALL night, only to fail on the 10 level.  This game is hard, unexpected and ultimately it is food for the brain.Update #1:   18 hours into the game, straight up addicted, should be doing portfolio work; but this game saps the life from me in all the right places.""The best video games are the ones that take up too much of your time because you are addicted to them, and they start causing real problems in your life because you borrow time from something else."" -Ross ScottWell written dialogue, grade +A pixel art and animation, amazingly interesting Album feature, great characters, addictive gameplay, edge of your seat moments and finally HARD difficulty no matter what difficulty you choose; too easy=mild, easy=hard!Final Verdict: 9/10, should be a 10/10 but there needs to be MORE of everything!!!If you guys are going to make a sequel, give it better pixel art like Mother Russia Bleeds level of detail."
,Recommended,249050,20126564,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Cani Terrae,"Psycopaths and prison guards thrown into an endless nameless dungeon on a cataclysmic world.  This is the prequel to Endless Space and Endless Legend.  This is the origin story of the Vaulter faction.  This is the best tower defense game ever made.  It's tower defense RPG TBS-RTS.  It's also hilarious.  Amplitude offers free and paid content, I recommend them both.Permanent death mechanics, only save & exit exists.  TF2 characters all present and accounted for.  Multiple modes of play with varying pros and cons, many items to be built with useful and varying functions.  Also, the Grim Reaper shows his face to offer you bargains.  Do you make a deal with death?  Well, it's behind every door, so you might as well!Creative, original, inspired, riveting.  Try it out, or without a doubt, you'll be missing out!"
76561198124285294,Recommended,249050,20461569,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Knight Brolaire,"If someone said ""hey, what could you say about this game to recommend to play it?"" I'd say ""yes!"""
,Recommended,249050,18154994,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Kachigga 🏎,Up to level 7 then one of my characters kills the other... ._.Cool game though9.8/10
,Recommended,249050,19663442,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Canni,"So yeah, why are girls better for carrying geometric shapes?Thanks feminism."
,Recommended,249050,15946814,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Howell of the Wolves,"I've read through the reviews, and all the people that have reviewed it negatively are just butthurt that it's incredibly difficult and they can't beat it. I won't lie, you probably won't be able to beat it. I've never even beaten a playthrough and it's still one of my favorite games of all time. If you're up for a challenge play this, if not you can always play something more casual."
76561198061011871,Recommended,249050,20673424,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,The Fist Of Wings!!!,You Can Keep playing and playing Forever!
,Recommended,249050,20716880,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Truchoman,GOLGY OF THE YEAR!
,Recommended,249050,20766834,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,littlemute,"It took me awhile to understand this one, but once I did I pounded hours into it both single and multiplayer.   Aesthetically the game is amazing.    Must be played."
,Recommended,249050,24143378,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Big nig,Gotta play it with friends or else it makes you wanna die
,Recommended,249050,23877001,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,AC Zeroshift,"When you emerge out of that dungeon after a kamkazi run to the elevator while monsters and beast are nippin at your hind parts and you see that bright sun in the far away sky greeting you for the first time after hours of trolling through hell, losing your comrades, and giving up your soul for a spec of dust you will know what love is.It's Shrek. Shrek is love."
76561198144551362,Recommended,249050,29419250,Posted: 22 January,all,Aunty Banana,This game is freakin awesome! Lots to explore and lots of hero to use. I love it! 10/10!
,Recommended,249050,29533346,Posted: 27 January,all,Nepgyah!,"OverviewThis game works with a really nice concept, you are at a wrecked space ship and need to survive through some floors on each, taking care of monsters, characters and resources. You (if alone), can start the game with two characters, and while the game progresses you get the possibility to get up to four characters wich can be abbandoned mid-way. As for MP each person gets 1 starter.  The game is rogue-like so there's no save, everyone dies is game-over. No save estate nor last floor respawn, so you were warned. I should also say that this game is hard, really friggin' hard.Graphics - 8/10It's pixel-art-styled, it's simple but it deliver the job well, the monsters don't get repetitive, as there are a bunch of different ones(and some that are just a color change but ok).Gameplay, Music - 8.5/10The gameplay is really simple, so I found no problems with it, except of course some bugs and a bit of weird things on selecting each hero.Did not pay much attention to the music, the sound fx were high as hell and you just start paying too much attention to the game that you mostly ignore it.(Well played devs, well played)Multi-Player - 8.2/10There must be a separated part for this because:1- SP gets a little boring fast if you're not a big fan of this kind of game;2- It's really good as it had just a bit of lag during it;3- As for most of the games, MP makes it all better, if you have a friend that is, chatting on the console in the middle of a hord would be kinda tough.The VeredictThe game's really great and you should really give it a go, even if you need to wait for a sale. If you have a friend or 2 that also enjoy this kind of game than you shoud really buy it, you won't regret at all.A final score of 8 -Give the damn thing a try already!So many typos were made..."
,Recommended,249050,29408334,Posted: 21 January,all,Muta,"A+/10 fun way to explode pixels alone or with friends.Keyboard and Mouse is best controls, dough."
76561198041282479,Recommended,249050,29410924,Posted: 21 January,all,Dorian Jay,"I wont lie I got this as a gift to play with my bro online. And I have to say its addicting to unlock new heros and always try to improve after every death. The BIG CON about this game is the dark room= monster spawner and you cannot light every room because of ""lack of power""BUT IT'S PERFECT FOR CO-OP AND MULTI-PLAYER"
,Recommended,249050,29432785,Posted: 22 January,all,clawjelly,"The idea behind this game is really nice. Towerdefense, RPG and FTL-like tactics in a neat package. It just doesn't get it strictly right. And it's quite complicate and unintuitive to start with. Loads of info is thrown at the player without warning. The tutorial is a joke, especially for a game of this complexity.Due to the complexity it is even a worse time sink than a lot of rogue-likes. A playthrough takes several hours, my first longer game took 3.5 hours and i ""only"" made it to the 9th level of 12 or 14 on ""very easy"". After that the game ramped up the difficulty even more. I encountered a level that went down hard on my♥♥♥♥♥ as door-opening monsters spawned, which freed all other monsters... There was nothing i could do for my crew but heal them until they got overrun.All in all for the price of 4 bucks it's a great game. Just be prepared that it's far more complex and time-consuming than FTL. I'm not sure it really needed that level of complexity. If you're looking for a more casual game, don't even glimpse at ""Dungeon of the Endless""!"
,Recommended,249050,29452665,Posted: 23 January,all,eek,Quite addictive.
76561197992718430,Not Recommended,249050,18911726,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Magic Man,Crashes all the damn time and runs fairly slowly on Mac. Would not recommend on OSX.
76561197960884797,Recommended,249050,21437258,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,[THC] Brad,Really great couch play game.
,Recommended,249050,21065248,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Fuszy,Really damn good game. can be played with one hand (as i was recently injured) and has amazing music!
76561198103605603,Recommended,249050,29393185,Posted: 21 January,all,Manfred von Richthofen,I really liked the idea of the game and it was really fun for me to work out the mechanics but there are some bugs in single player game. When my crystal gets destroyed game wont shut down and ı am stuck in the same floor and when a hero of mine tries to carry the crystal the monsters cant kill him and the game wont end. I am not sure if it is a bug but it is annoying because in order to start over again i need to abandon the game and the unlockable features of the game wont be saved please fix this or give me an explanation for this problem.
76561198042741610,Recommended,249050,19278765,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Alexmhi,i enjoyed this game with friends
76561198124632559,Recommended,249050,12239924,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,ıllıllı ÃЎŴĮŇ ıllıllı,I been playing for many hours and i have noticed 2 glitches sense i been playing! 1! there seems to be a glitch when you pick up the orb...your heros who don't have the orb will poop out and barely move! if you put the non-orb carrier's outside the exit your screwed because the enemys might end up going +20 on your heros killing them because the orb glitches them out! or 2! the monsters glitch out SOOO badly they get stuck in their room meaning...if the room with a box has mobs...all you got to do is run in shoot the mobs and take the box -.- the orb needs a massive fix because this becomes an issue in the long run because you will break your heros into 2 groups...scouts and tanks...or other words...path breakers and door openers and i noticed the only classes of heros that matter are the ones with guns because they don't die so easyly and you never need a melee person because theres 2 HEAVY's in the game that do massive jobs in protecting the orb at all casts you will notice them right off the bat...1 looks like sammy from metroid the  other looks like rambo in a way cuz his shirtless and carrys a shotgun them are the only heros i start out as and they never die and by never i mean never if well managed it seems only the gun heros are the only people who are good at protecting paths to the orb(so you know orb=crystal) there needs to be a balance between the melee and the guns because i find the melee classed heros useless i never recruite them unless i want to unlock them and i noticed theres nothing telling you how to play the game like i didn't know art's were used to give you turrets and upgrades of your 4 support slots i went thru 2 WHOLE games without knowing i even noticed there were no use of using the gear bonus one cuz all i ever needed was FOOD nothing else really did much food helped me recruite food helped me heal food helped me level up nothing else mattered cuz it would be a waste so there are many bonuses and disbonuses to the game it needs alot of twinking before i think it be perfect and i REALLY want to play multiplayer! but all in all i recommend this!
,Recommended,249050,16298769,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Brutal Strudel,"Recommended to me for my love for rouge-likes, and it being a rouge-like itself, I decided to check it out.I didn't look that much into it, so when I started playing the game I was really suprised to find out it was actually turn-based strategy/rouge-like hybrid.  Although, that didn't take any of the fun out of it.And if I have to say one thing, it's that this game is damn hard, and pretends that it's not to rub it in your face.There's two starting difficulties:  ""easy"" and ""too easy""and ""too easy"" manages to kick my♥♥♥♥♥and throw it in a wood chipper everytime, right on the last floor."
,Recommended,249050,16301018,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Kauli,One of the best Roguelike/Defense games out there. Definitely up there with The Binding of Isaac. Buy this game!
76561198091803278,Recommended,249050,16301022,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Natemare117,"Amazing, simply amazing"
76561197991587393,Recommended,249050,16301023,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,PurplePlatypus,Nothing but Amazing to me!Worth a try if not by yourself with your friends
76561198040565138,Recommended,249050,16297492,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Lamb Sauce,"Don't let the negative reviews fool you.This game is difficult only because other developers have made their games too easy, holding your hand through most of, if not the entire process.Another company by the name of FromSoftware made a couple of games people should be familiar with... I'm not going to mention them, but they strayed from the ""norm"" of today.Video games have evolved from simple exciting point grabs, to things where you actually had to put some thought into the experience, back to being needlessly simple point (now known as achievements) grabs.I highly suggest this if you want a game that actually challenges you to use your brain, gives you a proper sense of accomplishment when you complete something, and doesn't hold your hand through the process.I don't suggest this game if you have a difficult time with failure, an issue with perma-death, and an issue with learning a games mechanics on your own.TL;DRGet this game if you want a challenging video game; Don't get this game if you prefer todays interactive storybooks."
,Recommended,249050,16300506,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Cruz,"Pretty good game, i dont usually write reviews but this game is cool. Has a learning curve... i still dont understand most stuff but still very fun."
76561198095742665,Recommended,249050,16301722,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,skabeat7,"At first i was not too sure what to do because i don't play many games like this but once i figured it out, i challenged myself to play until i cleared a floor and damn is it a rewarding feeling! i really like this game."
,Recommended,249050,12684288,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Tipex,"One of the most fun games I've played in months, must buy in my book! :)"
76561198028560380,Recommended,249050,20446228,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Worthless,It's a good game and the creators are pretty nice people.
,Recommended,249050,33132608,Posted: 2 July,all,Dat_Famicon,addicting to all hell
76561198058031555,Recommended,249050,32099802,Posted: 31 May,all,LD-LB,buy this game aospade
,Recommended,249050,29558357,Posted: 28 January,all,Ugly Fucc Boi,"This game has an ""endless"" amount of fun, it's hard to learn at first but once you get the hang of it the game is quite easy.TIP: If you read the items/modules the game tells you what it does. Hard, I know.Best experience is to play with friends and not with random people online because communication is key plus random people can ruin the game by intentionally opening a lot of doors, which will screw you and the rest of the team over.All in all, amazing game, DLCs are good, and play with friends. Enjoy."
76561198144570602,Recommended,249050,32948595,Posted: 28 June,all,Communist Canine,"I really like the game's theme and soundtrack, enjoy the way it is played, and have fun playing it. Maybe add the Soldier, Scout, or Demoman from tf2, and maybe bots for singleplayer and maybe multiplayer?"
,Recommended,249050,33008497,Posted: 29 June,all,Omega Deicide,I thought this game was difficult; And then I tried co-op.O____0Great fusion of a bunch of genres into a solid little gem.
,Recommended,249050,29477176,Posted: 24 January,all,SketchyTone,"The game is so far great but I have been experiencing A LOT of issues with multiplayer and that's the only spot I really want to play this game. Currently I have played a total of like 7 games (this is excluding the 1-2 floor games)? Only been able to get through around 2 of those without have someone disconnect, major lag issues when someone dies (loses their character) or even having someone spawn in a different room. I think when these bugs are fixed it'll be an amazing game with ""endless hours of play""."
,Recommended,249050,33086686,Posted: 1 July,all,forasp,"Great game, great mechanics. Glad I picked it up on sale."
,Recommended,249050,13964338,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Pinstar,"There are two conflicting aspects of any game, chaos and order.Order governs logical progression of the game. A well-ordered game will be predictable but also reliable. If you learn to play a well-ordered game properly, your actions will always be rewarded with advantages. At its logical extreme, a fully ordered game can be ""Solved"" and thus a concrete method can be devised to guarntee success.A chaotic game is unpredictable. Consiquences don't always follow logically from actions and the game is never the same twice. At its logical extreme, the actions of the player have 0 impact on your success or failure as that is fully determined by the random number generator.Dungeon of the Endless mixes these two forces and achieves a solid mixture. The game does reward good gameplay decisions, but also throws curveballs at you. A really raw run of bad luck can still end a game by a skilled player, but there is always room for improvement. Learning to account for risk and the built-in randomness is part of the learning curve and maintaining control even when events turn against you is part of where development of skill comes into play.I have yet to complete a full run. The game repeatedly kicks my butt... but I do not feel frustrated. I learn from each failure and every time I do a litlte bit better. I highly reccomend this game. I missed the 50% off steam winter sale...but having bought it at full price, I feel I have gotten very good value for my gaming dollars already, and I'm just starting to scratch the surface."
,Recommended,249050,33492576,Posted: 12 July,all,Nipherealm,Fun and I LOOOOVE the Soundtrack!
,Recommended,249050,13176445,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Oye Beto,"+ Original gameplay+ Beautiful art+ Challenging+ Addicting- Music is okIt looks a little complicated at first but it's easy to understand after some tries.This games reminds me of FTL, I like both but I'm enjoying this one more."
,Recommended,249050,27760086,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Granvaca,"This is a fun and very challenging game!  it looks silly but it is quite complex really and a great rouge game!  Be ready to get angry, but have fun getting there!"
76561198028492408,Recommended,249050,27750494,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AtrousWolf,"A great game that my old laptop is capable of running, in which I often make the mistake of having to open just one more door before leaving a level."
,Recommended,249050,24570204,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Sakura Saber,I enjoy the gentleman bug greatly.
76561198028679431,Recommended,249050,16295047,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,El Ravio,"Great ""press your luck"" game, with a good dose of strategy (both turn-based and in real time) involved; lots of different heroes, weapons and equipment, all set in one of the best rogue-lite game to date. Give it a try!"
,Recommended,249050,16286508,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Oceanman,"A permadeath dungeon crawler, tower defense, mash of various genres game that never fails to dissapoint with free updates. The ever increasing difficulty curve as a session continues leaves you opening every door on floor one and rushing for the elevator on the last lfloors. The constant free updates make this one of my favorite games of recent times."
,Recommended,249050,15582839,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Seschwa,"Nailbiter, thrilling, lots of hard decisions to be made; prepare yourself for shaking hands as you click on that crystal and watch your operators scramble for the door. Can your strategies and planning carry you to victory?..Probably not. But it's fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198004701225,Recommended,249050,15907394,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,van the man,"This game's a gem. Bit short on content maybe, but if my only complaint is ""There wasn't enough of it"", then that's just more praise."
76561197993295672,Recommended,249050,12784552,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Cheesehead,"Very well made game, and quite fun. Graphics and sound are nice. Gameplay is almost perfect. However, it does have two issues that are difficult to ignore. Its well worth the money, so be sure to pick it up.Here are the two things that bother me....1)  Very low item count for a roguelike. There are enough items to get by, but it feels like there should be more. Part of a roguelike game is hoping you do get what you are looking for. I've finished the game three times so far, and it just seems like it should have around double the items so there is more of a variety.2)  Mob crowding. Especially late game. It really does turn into a fuster cluck to the point where you can't see the fighting. Even early on, when you enter a room, your heros get clumped together. I would rather see a triple powered mob then 3 smashed together. Sometimes it feels like 50 are crammed into a doorway. You can hardly tell what or how many are dieing.Thanks for a fun game."
76561197983872778,Recommended,249050,12845612,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Mole,"this game is pretty fun, it's essentially turn based construction with real time combat. as most of these reviews say, it's a bit of a rogue-like with tower defense combined."
76561198028348385,Recommended,249050,12295877,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Overlord,"The gameplay for this lovely early access title is rather forward; you're goal is to clear the level and escape the dungeon your ship crashed into, and you do this by telling your heros where to go, but they do the actual fighting themselves, you can however give them armor, weapons, and more-or-less create a Super Sentai Force of heros. Its pretty darn amusing when your team consists of a stoic medical robot, a giant, a midget, and a space bounty hunter who seems very similar to another bounty hunter from a Nintendo franchise.This game is without a doubt one of my favorite Early Access games on Steam, and I doubt that willl change.P.S: The ship is my favorite characterP.S.S:Watching your heros fight might sound boring, but it actully requires a fair amount of strategem and smarts."
,Recommended,249050,12860362,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Goodnight,Awesome! :D
,Recommended,249050,13840602,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Slappayurface,g0od game makes me finaly stop jacking offff sO i can stop wanmt 2 kill mkyself :)))
,Recommended,249050,16274487,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Guppy,BRILLIANT
,Recommended,249050,14110197,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,FullAutoNinGyou,A drakken fighting defiantly with a toothpick in an endless dungeon 10/10
,Recommended,249050,16070303,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Prizm,"I'm loving this game. This game is a unique one. It's kinda a sandbox game cuz there are many different ways to win and everyone should use his/her imagination. Even though the controls are so simple(basically,it's mouse only) the gameplay is not. There are different pods and each one of them has different game settings. It provides players with the greatest experience that they can ever get. I've spent some time playing this game and I still enjoy it; thus, from time to time I play again. Totally recommended."
76561197993236545,Recommended,249050,16100376,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Oakshire,Bought a tutu with Science and proceeded to kill aliens with it.Would buy again!10/10
,Recommended,249050,17918253,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Beeman,I played this game once in my life.
76561198011763174,Recommended,249050,17719228,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,The Gimp,masterpiece
,Recommended,249050,8024518,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Iacedrom Silas,"A beautiful game, with well done game mechanics. Despite its limited content as of Alpha 0.1.1, the game still manages to pull off a feel of colorful characters and a rich enviorment. The art style is very pleasing to the eyes and the dungeon feels alive and engaging. The gameplay itself has an almost chess like feeling, where the player must plan his next move according to what risk could unfold in front of them (or off where they can't quickly respond too). My one gripe, really isn't a gripe at all. The Alpha as of now only has the first 3 levels. I only brings this up because I wanted to make a pun about how the dungeon isn't so endless afterall. Regardless, this game is already showing a large amount of potential as well worth picking up now."
,Recommended,249050,8250980,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,superdh,"Promising game! Just three levels in the alpha atm. Not worth buying now, cause the lack of content. But later it could become a must play!"
,Recommended,249050,8078242,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Bad Larry,"Even though the alpha is slightly short, its in alpha so its to be expected. But this game left me feeling so randy for the next installment that i just cant wait for future updates"
,Recommended,249050,8079041,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,The Leonard,amazing experience
,Recommended,249050,8587417,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Dr. Ginger,"I must say, this game is pretty challenging but so much fun!"
76561198010165855,Recommended,249050,13543905,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,KayosZA,enjoyed this game a lot. love the challenge and the TD style while trying to escape. The more rooms you explore the harder it gets and the more thin you have to spread your resources. Good concept
76561198095076352,Recommended,249050,15454976,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Presidential Potato,Every video game genre had a big gang-bang and this is what came out.
,Recommended,249050,14435993,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Szellem,Amazing mash-up of multiple genres.
,Recommended,249050,13749978,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Jon Rando,"This game is a unique blending of party-based RPG elements and tower defense mechanics.  If you like either or both of those things, you will likely enjoy this game.When you first start out the game, you are able to choose 2 of 4 different heroes and, in the default escape pod, you crash land into the dungeon.  As you progress through the levels, you will come across more heroes in the dungeon and if you hire them and keep them alive for long enough, you will unlock the ability to choose them at the start.  Heroes can use different weapon types and they also gain specific skills (passive and active) as you level them up by consuming food resources.  Heroes act as your mobile gun platforms and damage sponges but, on the harder difficulty, they can be overwhelmed fairly easily starting around level 4 if you are not careful.Fortunately, each time you open up a new room, you are given more resources (food, industry and science) to work with based on your current level of production.  Each new room also has a chance to contain dust.  With your dust, you are able to power the rooms that you have opened.  You can then use your industry resource to build modules in those rooms.  The modules range from offensive turrets to defensive and support types.  Unlocking new modules and leveling them up all requires the science resource and access to a unique crystal module that you find in some rooms randomly.As you explore new rooms, you will come to the point where you don't have enough dust to power every room.  Unpowered rooms have a chance to spawn monsters each time you open a new door.  Most of the gameplay revolves around this mechanic.  You are constantly balancing your defenses to be strong enough to cover the amount of unpowered rooms you have in that direction.  Certain monsters will ignore heroes and target modules, others will primarily focus on heroes or try to knock down locked doors.  In the later levels you have to be aware of what all the monsters are trying to do and stay on top of it.Eventually, you will find the exit to the next level.  You may also open every last door on the level.  At this point, it is time to move on.  To do this, you have to have one of your heroes carry your crystal core from its starting position to the exit.  As soon as you pick up the core, all hell breaks loose and all unpowered rooms will start to spawn monsters.  I have generally managed to cheese this by using the Sara character, who is fast, as my runner.  With slower heroes, this phase could be intense.If you manage to survive the 12 levels of the dungeon, you will unlock new escape pod types.  The different types of pods change the rules of the game up in various fun ways with advantages and disadvantages like making healing cheaper but disabling the heroes' auto healing every turn.   These alternate ship types combined with the different hero abilites and the randomly generated dungeons should offer a ton of replayability to fans of the gameplay.I personally wish there was a bit more story involved, as the only real story elements are in the dialog between heroes while riding the elevator to the next level.  Certain heroes, when paired together, will have unique conversations that can unlock buffs for the hero.  But the way in which this is presented is a bit of a sore spot as I didn't notice a way to skip the lines of dialog you've already seen when proceeding to the next level.I also felt like the game could use a few more unique items as it feels like later levels you just wind up getting better versions of some of the same items.  I would have liked to have seen more active/passive skills that were unique to special items.  This is a minor complaint though, there are plenty of items to find with decisions to make in how to gear your heroes.I really liked this game, mostly because it brings a unique gameplay blend to the table with a nice mix of genres that I enjoy and a good atmosphere.  At the time of this review, I have only beat it once so far on the easiest difficulty, but I am looking forward to beating it on the next setting."
,Recommended,249050,13661750,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,egladil,Much better than watching paint dry :)
,Recommended,249050,13580775,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,The Constructor of No Arguments,This game is the only reason I haven't applied to college.
,Recommended,249050,29590864,Posted: 30 January,all,neYoW,Awesome game !
,Recommended,249050,24518082,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,CanadianHacker,"At 12:30 p.m. we discover this game and start downloading it, and at 12:40 p.m. download finishes and my friend and I have our lifes changed... First thing we did was spent over a minute on trying to walk and interact with things. we fingure out we open doors we place down modules we kill monsters we find the exit. I run to grab the shinny yellow power thing, I start running, I make it to the exit thinking my friend would just teleport along... he doesn't... I am alone... I get to next floor... I open two doors and die... 1:03 p.m. we start again... going through each floor, making it to the end... at that moment it was 6:47 p.m.10 out of 10 would spend my day freaking out again"
76561198034918676,Recommended,249050,29435610,Posted: 22 January,all,Professor Dankly,"I don't remember what exactly prompted me to buy this, but I'm sure it had something to do with the $2.99 pricetag.I was lucky enough to have a couple of friends online that night who had played a couple hours of the game some time before. The 3 of us then spent the next 3 hours playing through one full round (12 levels). It was an absolute blast.I later tried playing by myself, and managed my way through on the second attempt. Even by myself I had fun running around the various floors defending my crystal.It should be noted that this game is infinitely more entertaining and playable with friends (voice chat will be a necessity). Parties of 2 or 4 people are best, but 3 works fine too.The graphics for this game are as they appear in the screenshots; if this artstyle suits you, you'll love the game. If it bothers you, picking another rougelike might be better for you. For me, I like the way it looks, and feel it works well with the genre. It sometimes makes clarity in gameplay a bit muddy, but rarely is it a serious problem.The soundtrack goes hand in hand with the artstyle, and is simplistic and electronic. Thus far I haven't been bored by it, but I'm sure I'll end up replacing the music with my own before too long.I give this game an 8/10. I've had it 3 days and spent a LOT of my free time on it already. I'm not normally a huge fan of rougelikes, but the way it integrates so well with the tower defence, resource management, and RPG elements makes it SUCH a blast. Singleplayer is fun, but multiplayer with friends is infinitely better. Snag it up while it's on sale, and it'll be worth so much more than the $3 that you spent on it."
76561197989742076,Recommended,249050,29580003,Posted: 29 January,all,JK,"I purchased Dungeon of the Endless  bundled with its DLC. I am enjoying my time  playing this game and I think it's worth the money. Even if you're not a fan of tower defense games like myself, this game puts enough of a twist on the genre to make it interesting, fun, and addicting. The game's difficulty spikes seem to resemble that of a roller coaster, up and down. However, learning the mechanics of DOTE gives you a 1UP over this unpredictability."
,Recommended,249050,15958482,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,BileWing,"This game is awesome. It's very fun if you are looking for a new twist on Tower Defense games. There is a slight learning curve, but over all this is a game you should play.The procedural construction of the various dungeons is great and the new things added in the last few patches make it even more fun.Buy it, play, and enjoy : D"
,Recommended,249050,21745499,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,ForestDragon,Best dungeon-game ever!
76561198065720404,Recommended,249050,15438223,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Syperius,Very addicting and Fun! I Reccomend givin it a try!
76561198207784624,Recommended,249050,15458669,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,SnowBall,One of the best pixeled game i ever played!!!!
,Recommended,249050,14153262,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Sumun Sinsot,"10/10, would die one room away from final elevator on the final level because i decided not to open just a few more doors again.But seriously, this a really nice game. Kinda brutal, unforgiving and sometimes even slightly too random but still FUN.Also, if stars are right, you can play as a pug,"
,Recommended,249050,9506319,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,AnubisX2,"Really Great game can't wait till its done. Graphics are ok for the style, but if had the dialbo 3 graphics then it would have a really Awesome look. Eather way its still a Great game. Would like to see more info on all the details on how to play( for new players to the game). I had a great time playing through the Alpha, and I say get the founder version if haven't all ready."
,Recommended,249050,18495128,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Levin,"Fun game. Multiplayer worked nicely, too.Good for fans of roguelikes, who also are not opposed to tower defense mechanics."
,Recommended,249050,17015661,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Tanek™,Great RPG roguelike which kept me pinned for hours with only one powerful and mesmerizing motto: Just... one... more... door! ;)
76561198019383518,Recommended,249050,13091404,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,GiggleBops,"One of the few roguelikes i enjoy, and nice looking too!"
76561198069256593,Recommended,249050,33649910,Posted: 19 July,all,Nitai Gaura,"A unique little gem of a game.This game will give you a challenge that is made up of a mix of tower defense, puzzle and rogue-like gameplay.It is a fantastic mix that turned out to be well done!So you start out in a room with a power core that you need to defend at all cost.Opening a door to get entrance to another room counts as a turn you might say and enemies may spawn from rooms that you have previously opened but left unpowered.The objective is to find the escape room and get the power core to the escape while monsters pours out of the unpowered rooms to get you destroyed.Forgot to mention that the maps are all random, rng will either bring you down on your knees or roll out the red carpet for you.So it is up to the player to think things through to make the best of a bad situation, what rooms to power up? where to place the heroes? what defense to use? and so on.It has a step learning curve but it is satisfying to eventually beat the game on easy."
,Recommended,249050,13155346,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,MyuFox,Fun but needs a lot of work to be great.
,Recommended,249050,8386210,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Daer,"It was really good so far, really finished already, just needs a lot more variety now."
76561198064757612,Recommended,249050,29515624,Posted: 26 January,all,stuntin,"I don't want to sound like I'm exaggerating and I don't want to repeat too much of what everyone else has said... but this game is amazing.I could play this game until I died of starvation. This game is fun. It is relatively casual (except for how addictive it is), it is challenging, it is basically built to be replayed constantly, it is relatively simple yet surprisingly complex, it has multiplayer that doesn't take away from the experience and lets you have fun with friends, the music is what I would consider the upper echelon of music in games.I'm not a homer for this game, I bought it because it was in a bundle with Endless Space and Endless Legend that was reasonably priced and had no real intention of playing it. I knew nothing about it and have 0 stake in giving it a glowing rating but it is honestly just so immensely fun.If you have any interest in roguelikes I cannot recommend this game highly enough.Only complaint - Let players trade items in multiplayer! Sometimes swapping heroes and swapping back works, other times it doesn't."
76561198024986268,Recommended,249050,13220162,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,blue_wolf202,"Amazing art style, good sound track, fun gameplay and a difficulty curve that can be mastered through a combination of skill, strategy. and luck, making for high replay value."
,Recommended,249050,8045957,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,ThreadPool (Digital Coyote),"Amazing game, Although it does feel like a little lacking in content, It's only in Alpha. I have high hopes for the future of Dungeon of the endless...ANd BTW the extra character from the Founder's pack may be a huge advantage (involves mechanics not yet available in the alpha).UPDATE: Extra character from foudners pack will be an advantage. Each character has skills that at least for now massively change the game's difficulty.Multiplayer and Linux Support are to be added later accordng to their sites priorities votes."
,Recommended,249050,14210426,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a Roguelike Tower defense game.Interface/Menu/SettingsThere are some resolution sizes.You can play border mode.You are able to play the game in fullscreen or windowed mode.There is a Master volume slidebar.There is a Music volume slidebar.There is a sound volume slidebar.There is a background volume slidebar.You are able to use a controller??Able to change the controls on the keyboard.About the game.You have to pick one of the characters and play in the dungeons. Each character has their own power and effects. You can even unlock some during the gameplay. You have to play in a dungeon and you have to try to find the exit. Everytime that you open a door enemies could be spawning or new things could be discovered. Enemies are only spawning in dark area's and will never spawn in the same room as one of the characters. You are able to find items, level up and finding more ""light"". Light is needed to power up the rooms to prevent enemies from spawning or activating the machines. Whenever your crystal is under attack you may lose some light sources. Whenever you found the exit, you have to carry the crystal and bring it all the way to the exit. The crystal is heavy and will slow you down, so its recommended to let the character with the highest speed carry it. On the way to the exit, enemies will keep spawning overtime and hindering you. The only thing what is bothering me, that you can't choose which enemies to attack and ranged units is able to shoot you from all the way from the other side of the room. The more rooms that you open, the more dangerous it could be.Has Metroid reference.. Character is named ""Samus aran"" but the first letter is changed and names are reversed.Has many unlockable characters.Able to unlock different ships.Able to build machines and turrets for resouces and defend.Characters are able to level up in the session.Characters has different attribute and powers.There are 2 difficulty settings. Too easy or easy.There is an online multiplayer. (servers are dead, so you have to host one for you and your friends).Other things.Has Tf2 characters -.-Let's try Video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wMwmoMNm8aM-------------------I Give this game a 8/10"
,Recommended,249050,26234588,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,[SUN] Dust038,"Background: I do not have much background in Rogue-Like Adventures.Replayability: By the very definition of a Rogue-Like game, It has immense replayability. There is a cast of unlockable characters and different game modes (Pods) available to challenge the player in unique ways. Each character brings its own set of abilities that are solo and Party based on timers or are Passive (100% uptime).Combat Mechanics: Combat is automatic for the most part. You move into a room, your characters auto attack. The control you have as a player is the use of special abilities, healing, and movement from room to room.  Characters are assisted by room defenses the player can build.Social Frustrations...: I normally put Mechanics here but so... man okay the characters you unlock between floors have conversations that give you a glimpse into their Lore. Sometimes though some characters do not get along and will literally kill each other between floors. It is a minor inconvenience on early floors but when it happens on the last floor its just frustrating. Not game breaking, just...Ugh!Final Thoughts: DotE is a vibrant pixel based Rogue-Like Dungeon Crawler with some RPG elements and quick reaction gameplay make it a great and cheap addition to anyone's game list."
,Recommended,249050,30164737,Posted: 25 February,all,Kaiirin,"Original dugeon crawlerIf you are a fan of RPG and dungeon crawlers with tactics, this game is made for you. Add with this a good challenge and a nice story/background story and the game is almost prefect.You have time to think and prepare your progression, sometime you make very important choices and sometimes you have choices that you can't made because you don't have the ressources/power to do it.Humor is also part of the game and fighting combat is well made. Very original creation.Gameplay: 9/10Graphics: 7/10Music: 7/10Story: 7/10"
76561198110609465,Recommended,249050,15662140,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Cancer with Benefits,Best game i have ever played. I highly suggest this to those who like co-oping with their friends are just running it solo while keeping it slow. There may not be that many charecters now but alot of them have different play styles and different items to equip.
76561198003230596,Recommended,249050,15664322,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,The Grumbliest Puppy,"Didn't like the art at first but it grew on me.  Incredibly difficult, incredibly fun genre-jumbalya game.  Once you beat it a couple times though it loses it's appeal (though it seems like it's designed to be a game you beat many times)."
,Recommended,249050,15619695,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Cryx,It will make you fall in love with doors! and then it will make you want to smash every door in existence10/10 want to die agien!
,Recommended,249050,16088293,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,visher,"Died on the first floor, lol."
76561198040295426,Recommended,249050,15504733,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,diegzumillo,"This is a game that tries to mix some unusual set of mechanics into one game. I used to play this during early access and I could see the potential back then but it was far from balanced; it had one particular winning strategy that rendered most of the mechanisms in the game pointless.I'm happy to say that these days are long gone, the final version of Dungeon of the Endless is a very successful experimentation in game design that will keep you entertained exploring different strategies you never thought you'd use together in the same game.There's a lot of luck involved though, keep that in mind if that's not your thing. But luck is a factor in many games considered good, specially in rogue-likes. In these games the fun is like a good game of cards, you develop skills as you play the game over and over again until you know the best strategies for the hand you were given. And there are many cards and possibilities in Dungeon of the Endless. I totally recommend it."
,Not Recommended,249050,29460048,Posted: 24 January,all,Generalul Andrei,Left to die.Many bugs.Major functionallity bugs.The idea and the game are very good....amplitude studios thmubs down...
76561197991436105,Recommended,249050,8377549,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,eatz,"From what I was able to play, I really enjoy playing this game.  It is fun and the resource management adds a bit of challenge to the game.  Although this game calls itself a rouge-like game, it is more of a tower defense game with hero units.  I look forward to the full release of the game."
76561197971414759,Recommended,249050,8013226,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,[UBI]PsPeet,"So far, I'm drowned by its atmosphere. Bloody excellent."
,Recommended,249050,15701283,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Médecins Sans Undertale,"Basically the video game version of Closing Time by Semisonic-Your goal is to open all the doors up and let yourself out into the world-Its a strategic advantage to turn on all the lights over every boy and every girl-You may not get the option of going home, but you can't stay here-You gather up jackets (prison uniforms and the like)-You move to the exits (with the crystal)-You hope that you've found a friend (because you'll probably die if you don't have a full party)-Every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end (permadeath)-Both are related to alcoholism (trust me on this, just give it some time)The big difference between this game and Closing Time is that in Dungeon of the Endless, the hits keep on coming! (please don't strangle me, just buy the game because it's good)"
76561198030017832,Recommended,249050,8306317,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Loosra,"This game, while having it's developers known for making the fair, yet chellenging, Endless Space, this game is kind of like this genre's version of that, just with less pre-game choices, or choices in general. It's like a very small 4X game. The mystery of what's behind the door isn't too good currently, with only a few things, Dust, Equipment, merchant, or a new companion. The managment levels in this game are incrediduosly high, so be careful, and choose your DOOR!"
76561198154484173,Recommended,249050,20720789,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,HoneyBλdger 👌,great game i would buy 10 copys and give them to my friends
76561198162008395,Recommended,249050,33657014,Posted: 19 July,all,Grombrindal,One Of The Best Games I ever played :D
76561198045727854,Recommended,249050,13429730,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Warmaster,"Absolutely fun game if you enjoy rogue like games, the mechanics are superb and highly polished with a rich multiplayer experiece and it just gets better with friends."
76561197966891066,Recommended,249050,13275658,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,[PKMN] Haunter,"A really fun game with a steep learning curve. The sprite are well animated and the gameplay is really challenging. Towards the upper levels of the elevator you will often be challenged with defending multiple choke points, but don't worry as you can pause and unpause multiple times to help think out a reaction plan to the enemies. Really enjoyable and replayable!"
,Recommended,249050,17529586,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Soldatesque,"Love this game.  The mix of elements from different game types makes this one really deep.  Its got RPG elements with level ups and items, tower defense and turn based strategy with the door opening, dungeon crawling with the search for items and random loot, somewhat economy based with the resource generation each turn.  A game that accomodates a wide variety of different play styles out there.  Also contains that dash of luck ... the games are usually winnable if you do things right ... but sometimes theres a twist or youre forced to make decisions that can cost you later."
76561197970441688,Recommended,249050,9258820,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,airart,"Dungeon of the Endless is a little abstract at first, but once you get the mechanics it's a unique RTS experience. Each room means choices, that will subtly effect the outcome. You can move the heros from room to room but once there, they automatically do their thing, and you can pause at any time to accomplish this positioning. As difficulty increases, more and more waves of enemies spawn out of dark, unpowered rooms.  There's lots of dying, over and over. The game is pretty hard, and sometimes you'll die more from bad luck than anything you did, but that's part of the random fun you get with each play thru. Still in Alpha, this game is a solid investment in value."
,Recommended,249050,33574325,Posted: 15 July,all,Yung Fire Gecko,"Dungeon of the Endless could almost be a tabletop game. Substitute randomly generated content for a dungeon master and you're almost there. As the dungeon unfolds, as each room is discovered, it adds a piece to the game board, and each piece is a potential threat until it can be lit up. Dark rooms spawn monsters, and new rooms are always dark. Light it up and that's when the newly discovered game piece, a room in a dungeon, falls into your hands and becomes a tool. It's the sheer amount of number crunching that goes on in Dungeon of the Endless that necessitates it being a PC game, as hundreds of enemies spill towards you through tight corridors.It's also got those core RPG elements backing up the gameplay. There is loot to collect. There's a leveling system with accompanying leveling stats. It's turn-based, with each door you open starting the next turn. There is a colourful cast of characters given personality through their outstanding sprite design and a spattering mediocre flavour text. There are tower defense elements, but when Dungeon of the Endless feels the most like a tower defense game is when your back's against the wall, the cards are stacked against you and your run is about to end. You scramble to your most fortified room and try to hold out. When the game gives you what you need, and you use it well, it feels like a dungeon crawler. When it gives you the middle finger, that's when it feels exactly like tower defense.This is an insanely difficult game. Difficulty is a feature, not a bug, and the level of challenge is compelling, but it has issues with difficulty scaling. Sometimes you'll open the first door on the first floor of the dungeon, and two enemies will pop out. Sometimes you'll open the first door of the dungeon and five enemies will pop out. Within a floor this scaling is consistent, as each time you open a door hoping to uncover better equipement and collect more resources the potential wave of enemies that could appear is bigger than the last. You generally have a sense if opening one more door would put you in a bad spot and can weigh your options from there. It's possible to escape a floor early and leave doors unopened. But it's between floors that it gets wonky. Just like the number of enemies on the first floor isn't fixed, sometimes you'll encounter a difficult mob type on the fourth floor and sometimes you won't encounter it until the ninth floor. How this is determined is a complete mystery. Part of it seems to be your hero selection, as using more powerful heroes seems to generate more difficult dungeons. It could be tied to your heroes levels, but if it is, the game doesn't tell you so. You never know exactly what you're getting yourself into and planning ahead is impossible. You take what the game gives you and you work with it. I'm writing this review because I just wiped on a game I put 2 hours into and I knew I was going to wipe and it was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, and now I'm ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥the ♥♥♥♥ off. But it's an incredible game..."
,Recommended,249050,8011907,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,NoVa,"Amazing mix between RPG, Strategy, & a bit of Tower Defense. The real-time strategy elements coupled with the turn based (Every time you crack a door open, new turn) make for an extremely engaging experience with that ""Just one more room"" feelPost-Release:Unlockables, more replayablity, extra ships with more objectives, multiplayer.... good job guys, kudos."
76561198044633361,Recommended,249050,33681496,Posted: 20 July,all,popatsot,"A very, VERY, frustrating game.  It took me 6 tries just to get into the swing of things. Even then it took me 7 more tries just to reach the end of the game, and you know what I'll still recomend it. Despite the♥♥♥♥♥♥poor way of figuring out what everything does and how what affects your party and anything else it is still a fun game that manages to reinvent the tower defence genre enough to be almost it's own new genre. That still doesn't forgive a lot of bull that you have to deal with to get into it. But hey ho Dark Souls was the same way I guess. Start the game get hit by a ♥♥♥♥ing bulldozer then figure out ways NOT to get hit by the damned thing. I would have paid $15  for it."
76561198067360083,Recommended,249050,33986173,Posted: 2 August,all,willy40hands,Played it for like 15 hours during christmas. dank.
76561197988550359,Recommended,249050,34419347,Posted: 22 August,all,Langski the Dragon Gay,"This game created an interesting dynamic as you progress.One of the greatest strengths of this game is the management of your resources. Determining which modules serve a greater importance at the time. The incrementing costs of each new module was a great inclusion as well. This forced me to realize a lot of things, such as how many doors are there left in the level, how many doors increases per level, and a whole bunch of other things you will figure out.The music is great addition as well, it fits the game well and it never gets repetitive. The characters are colorful and very different from one another. None of them really fit the generic trope, aside from the beginning 3. The multiplayer option was a nice touch too, and I love the attention that went in this game with the updated system, trading with other players, more modules, updated graphics for the weapon modules, new merchants, etc.Aside from all the positives, the only gripe I have with the game is the leveling system. It never really felt like going to the next level made a huge difference. It feels more like there are key levels you need to reach which specific characters. One example would be having your operators reach level 3 or 4 just to get operate. They could then literally stay that level until you finish the game."
,Recommended,249050,20742954,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Soul,"The best roguelike I've played to date, & I've played a few. Really great mix of genres, as I'm sure others have pointed out along with the game's marketing. Very much worth checking out, I'd recommend it to more or less everyone unless they specifically hate roguelikes or retro visuals. Music is really nice, sound effects pleasant & informative, & remarkably balanced for such a complicated concept. 5 stars, would die again."
,Recommended,249050,19250364,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Undermind,Best door opener simulator 2014.
76561197980217044,Recommended,249050,17761580,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Kissinich,no words - just buy it.. it's worth more than the money you're gonna drop on it
,Recommended,249050,32783743,Posted: 25 June,all,GrayGL,"This is a fairly interesting game, it's hard to compare to anything else but as of the Steam Summer Sale, it's 3 dollars and you won't lose much if you don't like it. Dungeon of the Endless is a strategy, dungeon crawler, where you can control a team of 4 (or split control with friends) and basically you have to go through a floor-by-floor dungeon until you reach the end. It gets progressivly harder and you will spend a lot of your time trying to get more resources, gear, and levels, so that you can survive the pending monster waves. I guess it can also be kind of a tower-defense game because eventually you end up only defending, or else your guys would die and you would lose. If you want a challenge, a fun co-op game, and an all nighter, then buy it!~"
,Recommended,249050,32887447,Posted: 27 June,all,Razim77,"This is a great game, though you need to be strategic cause when you die you start over. It is definatly a survival, tower def, capture point kind of game and since I'm used to playing Lesure Suit Lary I (minus the sexual stuff) and Space Quest 1 music is perfect there is even a char that can tame one beast at a time in the dungeon which you get to take with you!!!"
76561198000942568,Recommended,249050,13379199,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Noetherian,"Difficult to describe the game. A rogue-like adventure with lots of potential heroes and game-modes to unlock which greatly enhances the game's replayability. Additionally, the resource management and tower-building adds a fun new dimension which makes the game feel very different from other rogue-likes on Steam. (Although keep in mind, this is a rogue-like first, and a tower defense second, if you go in looking for pure tower-defense you might be disappointed.)In any case, I love it when developers who push the boundaries of a genre and succeed in creating something new and wonderful. I highly recommend the game, well worth the price."
,Recommended,249050,13201750,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Lou Zephyr,"If you like ""FTL: Faster Than Light"" and ""The Binding of Isaac"", then you propably will like this.It's very challenging but fun, also there is tons of stuff to discover.The game is not so much ""tower defense"" but your crew, you need to level them up by gathering food, farmed from your buildings and also by finding nice items.21000487 out of 24190487 rotten dog turds"
76561197978680390,Recommended,249050,8601382,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,mayonnaise,"I've never had so much fun losing at a game. This game combines aspects of the MOBA genre with a genre from the roots of MOBA, tower defense. Maybe I'm overexplaining it. This game is a tower defense game that requires your to manage 3 different resources, a team of heroes, and base construction/map exploration. It allows (and forces you) to build structures to increase your resources and defend your buildings, and a hyper-important power crystal. Resources are throttled tight, forcing the player to be proficient at economy, construction, and hero manipulation. The game features a rogue-like model of character growth and map randomization. This is the first game I've ever played that can be considered primarily rogue-like, and it is a blast. It's really hard, but it's still fulfilling when I get overzealous and open too many doors (Opening another door typically activates a wave of combat. It's a simultaneous unstap step/entering attack phase) in an effort to replenish enough resources to upgrade in time for the first wave."
76561197972607539,Recommended,249050,9162877,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,davey3000,Already very playable and surprisingly bug-free for an alpha.  Recommended as a Rogue-lite with more depth.
76561198014406515,Recommended,249050,12737459,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Dr Doom,"Be careful when you open the door....That is how to best sum up this game.  As the heavy bulkhead slowly creaks open I pray to find a self-powered room full of dust or better yet the exit to what ever nail biting level I'm currenlty on.  Life is over in a blink of an eye if you aren't careful.  The game has great music and you will find yourself slowly pulled in as you play it.  The story is light, but it never feels like you need to know much more than what it gives you.  The ary style is enjoyable and the humor is very tounge-in-cheek.  The game has come along way from what originaly was offered under early accsess, so kudos to the developement team.Be careful when you open the door.... you'll lose the whole afternoon before you know it!"
,Recommended,249050,12943418,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Myrkur,This game is an amazingly addictive blend of game genre's. The atmosphere and sound is immersive and entrancing. The game really surprised me and blew me away with it's depth and feel --- instant classic --- feel's like it should have been made 20 years ago as one of the original great games.Great Job Amplitude Games!
76561197968097376,Recommended,249050,9036966,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Iolo The Thief,"Quick, innovative, nice looking. Definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,249050,13120025,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Ahun Draeu,"Once you get past the small learning curve, this game is amazing.  The problem is, I was playing multiplayer on the same network and somehow we were disconnected 3.5 hours into the game.   I was kicked and his game froze.  We lost all progress and didn't unlock anything that we would have if we would have just died.nnThere NEEDS to be a failsafe function for this.  I was having a blast until I lost all my stats because of a glitch T_T  T_T  :-(I recommend the game but any faulty internet connection even for a split second will end game."
76561198014607611,Recommended,249050,21182549,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Smiling Jack,Dont open that door bro
,Recommended,249050,8010931,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,UneasyBoosh,"Game launched update review: This is a gem. tower defense/roguelike great visual/old school style, great ambient music. They have added story arcs for different character combinations. The multiplayer, although still buggy is extremely fun.8/10At launch of early access only 3 stages to play which take about 45-60 min to complete.With that said this is a wonderful game. With random dungeons and different characters to choose from you can get a few good plays in before in gets stale.of course the game is not released yet so content will keep coming, but if you want 40hours for your 10 bucks you will be disapointed. But the ground work is there, this will be a highly rated game when fully released."
,Recommended,249050,14955469,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Durant,"Don't buy this, it's more addicting than drugs."
,Recommended,249050,8025733,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,LAgenieMP,Fun game for only an alpha release!  Can't wait for the full version.  So addictive already!
76561198039031278,Recommended,249050,20441256,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Need Psycho,I like game
,Recommended,249050,8011414,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,WraithHunter,Very promising.  I look forward to the full release.
,Recommended,249050,15815949,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Solocitizen,"I cannot recommend this game highly enough. It's a simple, rogue-like, game that I think is best described as a Dungeon Defense. Your team of up to four heroes are trying to reach the surface of the planet Auriga, which you crashed through after an attack on your spaceship. In order to do that, you will have to navigate 12 (13? I haven't reached the end yet myself) floors of an ancient dungeon left behind by the enigmatic Endless from when they colonized the planet. In addition to collecting more resources needed to continue on your journey, each time you open a door in the dungeon one of several things will happen: monsters will attack from the open room, monsters will spawn in other unlit rooms throughout the dungeon, or a random event (mostly positive, such as finding an item or another hero) will occur. You can't light every room in the dungeon, but you can build defenses in the ones that you do. The monsters will try to attack your dust crystal (an item you NEED to progress through the game), so the game is about lighting paths through the dungeon to funnel the monsters down and wear them down with your defenses.I know I might not have made it sound like it, but this is a surprisingly simple game that is also surprisingly complex and nuanced. Easy to learn, but difficult to master.In later levels the game does start to throw some curveballs your way, such as monsters with erratic behavior and more imfamously those that go after your defenses and not your crystal itself.As I mentioned before the game is rogue-like, so sometimes things do just come down to random chance, but there are plenty of unlockables to be had that don't require beating the game itself, so most always I feel that I gain something on each attempt. Multiplayer is almost none existant, and so the rogue-like elements manage to keep the game feeling fresh and new even after many hours of single player.All things said though, this game is extremely difficult. Harder I think than FTL, I'd say. I know the only two difficulties available are called ""Easy"" and ""Very Easy"", but they're anything but; ""Very Easy"" is more like ""Normal"" and ""Easy"" more like ""Hard"". There are different escape pods that you unlock by beating the game and after reading about them I don't see how they can make the game anything but nightmarishly difficult.Fluff wise, those of you familiar with Endless Space or Endless Legend will find a lot of lore related to the two other games in the franchise, and in fact this game serves as a bridge between the bigger, grander, 4X stratedgy titles that Amplitude is known for. It also takes itself far less seriously, and goes out of its way to make fun of itself in the flavor text. It's my opinion that all the heroes in the game are on a sliding scale of insanity, and the game takes every opportunity to remind you of that.The art work itself, well, look at it. It manages to pull off pixel art as beautifully as Hyperlight Drifter.If anything that I said above sounds appealing to you, than pick up Dungeon of the Endless right away. I can't recommend it enough."
76561198003973154,Recommended,249050,15830679,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,UniverseBear,"This could quite possibly be my all time favourite single player game. It plays a bit like FTL mixed with tower defense, rpg and a strategy game. It's really unique, really deep and just a ton of fun. The visuals are absolutely beautiful, the music is extremely well done and very atmospheric. The levels are randomly generated and there are lots of characters to play with so the replayability of the game is very high.If you complain about all games these days being the same old hat and don't pick up this game you have no right to complain anymore."
,Recommended,249050,15439222,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,SecretServiceOO,Awesome fun with friends
,Recommended,249050,12691535,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,the Karyonite,"""Deleciously retro-looking"", is what my wife said to me yesterday, after looking over my shoulder while I was playing Dungeon of the Endless. I just hummed, or nodded my head. I totally agree with her, but I was just too spellbound by this game - especially since the completed version has launched last monday!Don't get me wrong, I could have easily looked over my shoulder and have an indepth discussion about the visuals of the game, because even though this game is a Tower Defense meets Dungeon Crawler meets RPG meets [prolly some other genre] it only has the GOOD elements of each type game. Examples..TowerDef) A wave of monsters only comes after YOU decide to open a door. Don't want to fight for a bit? Just don't touch anything..easyRPG) ""Experience"" is gathered in a pool and YOU decide who to give that experience too. You can see what kind of effect the added level will have on stats and active or passive abilities. Maybe you want to use that experience on healing or on buying stuff instead? Your choice..What I already found during early access:the visual are delicious,*1the characters are rich, *2the game is versatile and challenging,the play is intuitive,What I realised since the full version:the characters are even richer*2the game is really well-balanced*3*1 Maps are randomly generated each game, you don't always get the same monsters on the same floors, every room looks different with only slight repetitions here and there, every other floor you get a complete new set of rooms and monsters.*2 Regarding rich characters, each character has a short biography, some have interactions with eachother or make random remarks, but you're not drowning in walls of text. Instead you're really drawn to the characters in your team and want to get to know them better. Between more than 10 characters, I've only found 2 that are connected so far..*3 Died at floor 7 out of 12? Stop crying...start again!Buy this futuristic film noirish, action/comedy/attidude-packed, soon-to-be-award-winning-game-(mark-my-words)!"
,Recommended,249050,16917455,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,MIRRARDU,Spent LITERALLY 10 hours in this game over two days wiping to stupid friends failing miserably and enjoyed every second of it. The music is just incredible. I cannot describe how much the soundtrack MAKES this game.
,Not Recommended,249050,29618553,Posted: 31 January,all,GDI.DD,"This game is great! The gameplay is engaging. The way turns are handled gives it a very good blend of real-time and turn-based strategy element. Concepts are simple. Controls are simple. Art is beautiful. Everything conceptually is perfect for a great game to waste of few hours of our days.BUT the game is not refined at all. I only play multiplayer, and so far out of the 5 games I've played, 1 of them we are forced to quit at floor 3 because one of my friend's screen turned black. 1 of them we are forced to quit at the start because my friend just got stuck at the door and can't do anything (except maybe deleting the hero?). 1 of them I was playing pyro and two times in the same game when she is operating, she gets stuck in animation and stops doing anything (can't attack, can't operate, can't take treasures/resources). 1 of them at floor 8 I just suddenly drop all my friend's connection from my game (but i am still connected since i am talking to them via discord), AND THERE IS NO WAY TO RECONNECT!. And finally the worse of all, at level 11, when I click go to next floor, the game froze and there goes our 3.5 hours of gameplay.So you can see how frustrating our experience are with this game. It's such a shame because this game has all the right elements to becoming a great game for us."
,Recommended,249050,15865508,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,colin,do it
76561198031101742,Recommended,249050,13594815,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,BTristan,Just one more door...
,Recommended,249050,28409115,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Janeator,"A great strategy game, with an amazing ambience, characters, and aesthetic."
76561198065446289,Recommended,249050,13794951,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Tiddly Toucher,"has great replay value and is definetly difficult, has you wanting to go back to play and unlock all the unlockables and find out more about the lore behind the unfortunate heros."
76561198057392199,Recommended,249050,13753717,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,ReactedDesert,Vary good RPG game its VERY VERY GOOD so go buy it
,Recommended,249050,22146578,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,TacticalTruth,"Dungeon of The Endless: Oh, Snap!If you’ve been following my progress through reviewing my Steam library, you know that I have a soft spot for Amplitude’s games. They can be pretty technical, and even convoluted at times; but they’re damn good. And I have finally spent some time with their Rogue-Like game, Dungeon of the Endless, and I have to say, it’s really good.IDungeon of the Endless differentiates itself by being both a Rogue-Like dungeon crawl, and a tower defense. Which, I mean, if you pitched that to me I would probably have told you it was a bad idea.But they make it work. Well.What makes the game good? Amplitude has a history of making their games really mechanically dense-- In a somewhat off putting way. It takes time to become accustomed to the systems in their games. Dungeon of the Endless has a very good balance. It has depth without being opaque. There is definitely a bit of a learning curve, but it won’t take you fifty hours to become comfortable with it.The conceit behind the dungeon crawl being that you crash land on Auriga in an escape pod, and have to fight your way through the different floors of the Endless facility your pod bore through. The Endless being a precursor race, not unlike the Forerunners from Halo. You start out with two heroes, from an opening selection of four. Each hero has a unique feel, some being slow, tanky, and ranged. While others are fast, melee glass cannons. And they all have unique abilities that can significantly alter the flow of combat.One such ability makes all of the enemies in a room fight each other, rather than your dudes.Each hero is suited to particular tasks, and DotE requires you to learn their strengths and exploit them. Once you get a feel for it, it really comes together. I was having issues getting further than the the halfway point in the dungeon, and just reading a few tips on the mechanics vastly improved my success with the game.One of the more interesting mechanics present in DotE is that while the game is turn based, it’s not turn based in the traditional sense. And it doesn’t take the MMO/Bioware route either. The game has pausable real-time combat, but turns are initiated by opening the various doors present in the dungeon. Once you open a door, a ‘turn’ is counted and you either have to engage in real-time combat-- or you are given some kind of reward for exploring.Opening doors is how time is progressed; I.E. cooldowns on abilities are measured in doors. And each opened door accrues more resources. … Yeah the game has resources.Like the other games in the Endless universe, they operate with a system of resources known as Food, Industry, Dust, and Science. AKA. FIDS. DotE is no exception. You have a base income in each resource so you will always be generating something, but in most cases you need to build ‘modules’ to generate more on a per turn bases. This is where the Tower Defense aspects come in, as well as the strategy. Would you rather have a lot of upgraded defense modules? Then you’ll need Science and Industry. Would you rather have a higher level Heroes, and a bunch of lower level modules? Food and Industry. And so on.Industry builds the modules. Science improves them. Food heals Heroes, and increases their levels; it can also allow you to recruit other heroes you meet in the field. And finally Dust, which might be the most important of them all.Dust allows you to power the individual rooms that make up the floors. And while it isn’t necessary to power each and every room, there are significant incentives to get as much dust as possible per floor.Every unlit room has a chance to spawn enemies. More enemies means more chances for them to reach your Crystal. (It’s a power source, think the Ancient in DOTA.) That’s a bad thing. Also every time it’s attacked, you lose Dust. This is a worse thing. You can stop this by having a hero stand in a room, or by powering it with Dust. Each room takes ten Dust to power. Now the floors in this game are big and sprawling. You will almost never be able to power each room, and this is where you have to plan ahead. Making kill rooms, choke points, and other sorts of stockades against the enemies DotE throws at you.It’s a fine balancing act between having enough resources to defend yourself, improve your party, and exploring. One mistake will hardly derail your run, but it can put you in a significantly worse position that becomes harder and harder to crawl back from.Most deaths in this game are slow and painful.Each door opened is a risk reward proposition. As the game continues on, and the amounts of Dust you receive become less and less you have to really judge which doors to open, and when to open them. Sometimes a single floor can take upwards of twenty minutes, because you want to be very systematic with your exploration.On each floor, as you progress and open up more rooms eventually you’ll find the elevator. This is the exit to the next floor up. Now, this game wouldn’t be a Rogue-Like if it didn’t hate you, right? So in order to progress to the next level it requires you to take the Crystal, and walk it to the exit. Easy right? Nah. It makes each unlit room continuously spawn waves of enemies that are, you guessed it, attracted to the Crystal. You have to protect your heroes and make it to the exit to progress. And it can be pretty nerve wracking.But it’s also very satisfying to get into the elevator and slam the doors shut on the horde of monsters trying to devour you.And this is probably my favorite part of DotE. Between each level, your characters have little snippets of dialogue that really build their character. Like, I didn’t think there was much to the individual characters... Until I recruited Sara Numas into a party with Gork “Butcher” Koroser.At first they didn’t really interact. Until eventually she recognized him. And started asking him about his past. Eventually she broached the subject of a world that he fought on. And, from the way she spoke, it sounded like he was doing more murdering than anything else… Turns out Gork was responsible for murdering Sara’s parents. She, obviously, wasn’t very happy with him. Gork, being the kind of guy to take pleasure from murder, laughed in her face about it. Sara then proceeded to tell him she would kill him after they got out of the Dungeon… Well Gork kept picking at Sara. Pushing her buttons… Eventually she snapped and attacked him.And Gork killed her.Not only was I blown away at the hidden interactions between the different characters, and the implication that there could be many more of these, but also that my best hero was just killed and there wasn’t a damn thing I could do about it.In that moment I was shocked, angry, and completely impressed. To quote a modern sage, “I’m not even mad, that’s amazing.”This single moment defined how I feel about Dungeon of the Endless. I never really know what it’s going to throw at me, and it keeps surprising me. I didn’t expect this game to be as good as it is. I didn’t expect it to be as approachable as it is. And I damn sure didn’t expect the sound track to be so good.The music is almost maliciously relaxing.This game is really good, and I’ve started gushing.Check out Dungeon of the Endless, it’s worth the price of admission. I was hesitant to pick it up, and got it on sale; I have no regrets. Did I mention it has multiplayer?If you liked this review, check out100HourSave.com"
76561198107231437,Recommended,249050,22108892,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,D_Lux|Cannon,"This game is simply amazing. Unlimited replayability, that necessitates deep thought and stategy. It's games like this, and FTL and many others that make me proud to be a gamer.Cons: Multiplayer lobby is kind of dead, on a Good day there's maybe 3 or 4 games being hosted (in nearby regions) though i'm sure theres more if you broaden the search.Pro: Great Game. Strategy is necessary. Multiplayer works very well except for a very rare glitch that allows you to have unlimited everything (I'm not complaining). Journals and stories for each character are great. Game is hard as hell, I have 13 tries to clear on easy and still havent cleared it. Great Soundtrack. I can go on and on.Long story short, buy it."
76561198070574707,Recommended,249050,22033068,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Arkish,I enjoy myself thoroughly when I play this game. When I bought it I had no idea what I was doing but someone taught me the ropes in an online game so that made me love it even more. Great Game. Great Community. 10/10
,Recommended,249050,29459821,Posted: 24 January,all,Mackarel,"nice co-op,rogue-like gamei like the pixel art tho"
76561198070471128,Recommended,249050,13095563,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Lord. Farquaad,"SO ♥♥♥♥ING GOOD. Pardon my french. Its just so unique, combining rpg, tower defence, and rogue- like elements into the whole beautiflul picture. I recommend you buy dis for you and a brabraski so you can both play and enjoy :D"
,Recommended,249050,15463730,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Shibe went down 4 pants sizes,">Everyone randoms so we can try to get the pug.>Get it on the first try>""Hah, low offense and 0 defense?! AND HE DOESN'T EVEN HAVE EQUIPMENT SLOTS! WHAT A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ CHARACTER!"">*Fast forward to floor 12* Forgive me your majesty, I was wrong all along.Pug: woof woof"
,Recommended,249050,12688937,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Private FML,If you're a fan of FTL this will definitely feel familiar but also new. Very addicting and the multiplayer + rogue-like elements make it very replayable.
76561197961489779,Not Recommended,249050,23944512,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Kamakazi_Llama,"This is one of the most complex games of Solitaire ever invented.Play involves ""drawing a card""- you ""open a room"", which may have a number of special properties, including suitability for installing resource generators, getting resources for free, etc.This, in turn, involves drawing further ""cards""- whether any monsters spawn from ""cards"" you have chosen not to ""put into your deck"" (using Dust to ""power them up"").So managing your ""deck"" is essentially how you play this game; the ""heroes"", their levels and gear are mere mitigation used to hedge risk.This sounds OK in theory, but in practice, this game is very poorly balanced, and due to severely penalizing modding (it's literally not allowed to set the difficulty upwards if you mod the game), it's never going to be properly balanced by modders and is therefore chock-full of newbie traps, poorly-designed difficulty curves and bad design decisions, like weapons that don't scale well with monsters, random item drops that don't scale, heroes that are basically just statistical trash, shops that frequently don't sell anything you actually want, regardless of cost, a ""wit"" system that's supposed to boost production but barely gives enough to be worthwhile with practically all of the heroes with the Operate skill (and items that can give it are worthless, since practically none of the non-Operator heroes have enough ""wit"" to matter), etc., etc., etc.Worst feature?  You literally cannot get rid of party members if you want to trade up, short of suiciding them, with potentially disasterous consequences.  You meet a half-dozen other folks, but you cannot have them join you in any way.  It's a game design decision that makes me shake my head; the choice of whether to stretch one's Food to cover more people, but possibly get stretched too thin and die due to having a weak party, would have enriched the game.  But I suspect that the ""4 is the limit"" aspect was hard-coded into the UI long before ""you'll recruit heroes you find randomly""- it feels like it, anyhow.Basically, this is a messy experimental project where I think the developers lost track of the statistical meaning of their design decisions quite early in the process and, due to their absurd penalty on modding, it's unlikely to ever get polished and fixed by the player community, which is a real shame, because the central idea (""make the world's most complicated Solitaire and make it look like a RTS / Tower Defense game to get gamers to buy it"") was very interesting indeed, and in theory, this should be a very good game.But as it stands, this won't stay on my hard-drive for very long; once I figured out that certain combos of heroes work all right, and realized that runs are essentially pure RNG and involve very little actual skill, beyond managing the ""cards"" and doing statistical guesswork, and that more than half of the ""upgrades"" and ""defenses"" were basically worthless... well, I feel like this was a clever Idea that arrived half-baked, wasn't ever really addressed at a deep level by the developers and can't get fixed by modders, not that it would matter a lot at this late date.It's too bad, really; this is a game where most of the problems are clearly fixable, but won't ever get fixed."
,Recommended,249050,13106352,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Kligan,This is the best tower defence game i've played up to this point.Definitely would recommend for all who loves tower defence or rogue-like games.
76561198075730688,Recommended,249050,13137164,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,The Wine Gnat,"I got this game as part of the ""Endless Bundle"" during Black Friday.  Surprisingly, I'm now addicted to it.  What a diamond in the rough. I went in with zero expectation of what this game would be and it turns out it's a mix of:RPGTower DefenseResource PlanningCharacter customization (items and levels)Its a blast!  Just wish the multiplayer wasn't bugged."
,Recommended,249050,13145725,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Raoul,"The game is incredibly awesome, the graphics/art design as astonishing and the game mechanics are solid and really fun when you get what you gotta do. Must buy."
,Recommended,249050,13132835,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Melty,"Great game, a little hard to understand at the beggining and maybe with a lot of RNGJesus involved but its fun as hell."
,Recommended,249050,13131773,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,| grep -i pumpmonkey,"If the video game FTL and the boardgame Descent got together and had babies?  You'd get this game.Referring to it as a roguelike/tower defense doesn't do it justice.  As an afficionado of turn-based games, I was concerned that this would be too 'realtime' for me.  Not to worry.  The developers refer to it as 'door-based', and only when you open a door does it shift to a quasi-realtime game.  Very similar to FTL when choosing to jump to a new sector.Also similar to FTL in the sense that you want as much of the primary currency as possible but never ever seem to have enough (scrap in FTL is roughly analagous to dust in DotE).The player is still subject to the whims of the RNG in terms of dungeon layout, shops, item availability, etc., but never punitively so.  Clever play almost always compensates for any randomness in a given run.Dungeon levels take about 30-45 minutes of thoughtful play, which is a bonus for those with real-life time constraints.If you're a fan of roguelike and turn-based games in general, and enjoyed FTL - I heartily recommend this title."
,Recommended,249050,17903205,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Xial,"This game is beautiful. It's a mixture of simple -- easy controls, no needing to memorize anything esoteric to play -- and difficult: the waves upon waves upon waves of enemies that come pouring out at you. Well worth its weight in pixels."
76561198040778706,Recommended,249050,32411217,Posted: 14 June,all,angelos_95,"It is a fascinating combination of genres, containing strategic gameplay, resource/space management, some RPG features and rogue-like randomness all wrapped in beautiful pixel art along with an incredibly relaxing soundtrack.These features provide a unique experience of dungeon-crawling and struggle for survival in the wondrous ""Endless Universe"", a science fiction/high fantasy world unlike any other."
,Recommended,249050,27439053,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Graid,This is trully one of the most adictive games here in Steam. Simple to grab and play a session but really deep and hard to master.
,Recommended,249050,27509762,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Spook,Squad Management + Turn Based + Roguelike + Tower Defense + Dungeon Explorer . Very Fun
76561197971532050,Recommended,249050,13445635,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Conditional Love,"So the wacky french devs who made Endless Space (a brilliant space 4X) decided to make a dungeon crawler, but they can't be normal if they tried. So what you get is this weird and wonderful mix of tower-defense, squad RPG,  retro styled rogue-lite. Yeah it's different, but Dungeon of the Endless is also very good."
,Recommended,249050,27346365,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zoneseek,"If you like roguelikes and tower defense you will enjoy this game. Great soundtrack, great addicting gameplay."
,Recommended,249050,27582744,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Killer BBQ,"Pretty difficult at the start but a lot of fun once you start to get the hang of it. It's a creative combination of tower defence, resource management, and fast rougelike action."
,Recommended,249050,13858607,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Mr.RoBoT,"It's really fun and difficult game.But the multiplayer kinda sucks if you don't have a friend to play with, because the lack of lobbies & each lobby you join, you get kicked.Better get this game with a friend if you want to play multiplayer."
,Recommended,249050,14123848,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Altwynn,"A great melding of rogue-like and tower defense.  Instead of defending against attack on a static map, you have to fight room by room, floor by floor, in an attempt to reach the safety of the surface.  In true rogue-like fashion, you have random layouts and permadeath.  What more could you ask for?"
,Not Recommended,249050,33592371,Posted: 16 July,all,MoniqueLesPoules,I loved it but lost too many games because of bugs and crashes of the multiplayer (disconnect you and let your character die without guidance). Quite frustrated.
76561198089672155,Recommended,249050,15626268,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,lyMnD,i know what the meaning of endless after i playing this gameepic!!!
,Recommended,249050,24792897,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Synthetic Beast,"Love it. I really haven't seen quite like it before - we've seen tower defense RPGs, we've seen squad-based dungeon crawlers, but the way they've been combined here is fantastic."
,Recommended,249050,13746758,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Gabriel,Just what I needed for the holidays! Great game!
,Recommended,249050,13767658,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Joshy Boy,Outstanding.
76561198051585032,Recommended,249050,13771784,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,thatguy,simple fun perfected
,Recommended,249050,26001128,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,THX3142,"I highly recommend this game. Visuals and soundtrack are amazing. Gameplay is extremely fun. It is a novel game with a twist to several genres (tower defense, roguelike). If you enjoy the ""Endless"" universe and lore you will also get a lot out of this game by paying attettion to the dialogs."
,Recommended,249050,18679014,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Briggs,"I can't beat this game :( But it is very good. The art style, the sound and the difficulty is refreshing."
76561197996182646,Recommended,249050,8113415,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Alikzhander[F!],Its as difficult as FTL and just as addicting.
,Recommended,249050,17043893,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,DNLinkman,"Amazing game, you just gotta play it. 5/5"
76561198055646813,Recommended,249050,9929820,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Van_Akenstein,"This is a very fun game to play, with a lot of replay value. This game can only get better once it's finished!"
76561198004145760,Recommended,249050,17591567,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Avenger8,Probably the best rouge like games I've ever played. Challenges are worth it. Never got so emotional about opening a door!
,Not Recommended,249050,29454803,Posted: 23 January,all,Dr. Helio,"This game has the potential to be really awesome but considering that I have only been able to play the game to completion 3 times out of around 13 game means that there is some programming that needs to be fixed.the multiplayer is consistantly unreliable and honestly has ruined the game for me for a while... I would recomend not buying it unless it is sub 3 bucks for EVERYTHING in the game, it is far too glitchy and unsupported to consider at full price.I really want to love this game, the humor is awesome and it is fun to play when it works but when you get to the 11th floor and then a glitch happens and you either get kicked from the game or your host gets left behind while everyone else is on the playform and you are unable to click next and there is NOTHING you can do about it.The frustration of the game's multiplayer is enough to drive me away and that sucks because it looks cool, nice music, and nice humor."
76561198044910099,Recommended,249050,29687240,Posted: 4 February,all,YouProbSquat2Plates,"If you're into rogue likes (as I am)  you'll most likely enjoy this  game. Decently challenging, requires strategy and good party development to survive. There are many ways to play the game, and certainly a bit of RnG thrown in as expected from the genre. Replayability is good- I just beat the game for the first time after a 5ish hour playthrough and I am confident I will play again in the near future. If you are not into roguelikes, I would not reccomend."
76561197961067039,Recommended,249050,27646644,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,remy,"The ""only 5 more minutes award"" was created for DotE. I mean, this game cost me so much hours of sleep, productivity, time with my fiancee.Was it worth it you ask? HELL YES!10/10 tired, procastinating singles recommend this"
,Recommended,249050,29442625,Posted: 23 January,all,Logicbomb,Fantastic rogue like dungeon explorer. Best with some friends but fun solo as well. It's simple to learn but to make it even on the very easy setting you need to strategize and plan every room opening in the later levels.  My main complaint is the time it takes to run a full game is very long expect to play for 2-3 hours per session. If you get it for $10 or under it's a great value.
,Recommended,249050,25189312,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Healz,Have never reached the end of the dungeonandElevator simulator10/10Would crashed again
,Recommended,249050,13606717,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Oregono,"An amazing (and amazingly addictive) tower defense/dungeon crawl/arpg game.  Take 2 heroes. Recruit others you meet. Open doors, build towers, and farm resources.  Level up characters and buy items and upgrades. In premise, it is simple. In practice, it is rather tough.  I did ALMOST beat the game once within 10 or so hours.  I never felt frustrated and time goes by like crazy when I play this game.In short, if you like tower defense games at all, you should buy this.  Had for 2 days. Logged 8 hours. Send help."
,Recommended,249050,12821375,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,KERNBOOM,"The devs mixed Tower Defense with Strategy, RPG, RTS, Roguelike and Alcohol and it turned out to be refreshing, difficult and addictive."
76561198001323059,Recommended,249050,21758998,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,jackdaniels,Simple and very enjoyable but can be very challenging.
,Recommended,249050,22890834,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Elith,"This game is pretty much a tactical turn based roguelike, really great co-op and really well thought out I could play this for hours if the friends who owned it were on more.   It's not really fun playing solo and if you go online with randoms they tend to just spam open doors intentionally to wipe.  I will write a more detailed review when I clock over 200 hours but for now I would have to say it's a very good buy with friends."
76561198007101886,Recommended,249050,8897032,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,[907th] Ethlo,"fun game , very difficult , but its a great time waster."
76561197992540547,Recommended,249050,12703217,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,CPT Chthonbeard the Pirate,"I enjoyed this in beta form.  I've played the final product now.I must say that I didn't think they could have improved it, but they did. This is a great game.The balance between tower defense and dungeon exploration is excellent. Both paths are equally viable. If you wish to set up a series of traps that monsters have to crawl through to get to your crystal, you can. You could alsomanage your heros, and set up buff rooms that make them over powered in choke points. Combining both is reccomended though since sometimes enemies might slip through, or you might want to thin the herd.Every floor introduces a different enemy set. They start off rather straight forward, stopping to kill your heros if they see them and destroying your major modules. Later on, you get ones that will seek out your crystal, rip apart your fixed defenses, suicide bomb, or even worse they willopen doors for you.The last is bad for you because opening a door can spawn a new set of waves while you are already dealing with them. It could be a chain reaction resulting in a wave of creeps that you just can't win against.  This forces you the player to seek out these enemies and kill them before they can reach their destination. Have fun :DThe characters now interact with each other. Some complain that it's too much, but I feel that it sets the atmosphere pretty well. These interactions could even result in you losing a character, so watch out, and pay attention to what they say. If it looks like it might happen, it might be best for you to pick who to sacrifice, and offer him/her up to the darkness before one gets killed out of your control.Finally, it isn't bug free. However I have yet to find a bug that prevents me from completing the game. I am certain that they are working on the bugs.In short, what are you waiting for? Buy it now!"
76561197985844012,Recommended,249050,12732800,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Supremefist,"A breath of fresh air!  Really fun, deep and engaging gameplay and really difficult.  If you are a fan of roguelikes, tower defence, rpgs or strategy games then you will enjoy it!It is an amalgamation of note.  A must play!"
76561198074415833,Recommended,249050,8132043,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Ozamataz Buckshanks,"This game is Awesome! It reminds me alot of FTL: Faster Than Light, which I also liked."
,Recommended,249050,27773105,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Pancham138,"I always do the 'rage quit' after everytime I lose the game!In my last attempt, my heroes just killed each other.What an amazing experience!"
76561198180922697,Recommended,249050,28109382,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,i don't care,this game is ameizing..........wait
76561198292552362,Recommended,249050,31093723,Posted: 12 April,all,VoiceRadius,"I usually don't like these type of games - tower defence, rougue-like dungeons, etc.But something was different in this game. It was more unique, more fun and hella more astrategic. I loved it, and it's personally one of my favourite games.The only con is that the community is small, and almsot no multiplayer games are available."
76561198055130584,Recommended,249050,13448238,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,SuperKingChris,Endless fun!
,Recommended,249050,12676127,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,PlebDog,"I find myself unable just to play one round, obviously they've done somthing right."
,Recommended,249050,25986279,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Skittlefart,Used unlocked characters as bait to let new ones escape. Sorry not sorry.
,Recommended,249050,19535508,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Xammy,"I stay up too late because I want to finish my run.  I wake up early because I want to start another.  I have not been gripped like this by a single player game in a very long time.  This game is extremely fun and addictive.  There is a wonderful balance of simplicity and complexity, and there is so much variety on how you can play the game.If you enjoy tower defense games you will LOVE this.  You don't have to build towers even, you can beat the game with just your heroes.9/10, excellent game.  Only reason I give it 9 instead of 10 is because the story lines between characters only go to floor 5 or 6.  If characters had conversations between every single floor this game would be a 10 for me."
,Recommended,249050,26007697,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,N e r f A k i r a,"Okay. theres about a dozens areas where this game goes wrong. but i still adore the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it. why? despite there being a bit of a slog to get through early this is one of the most enjoyable roguelikes i've played. but lemme just explain the good vs the bad:the good:Pixel art is sexyTons of varied play styles (even a 4 melee team is possible)Fun game playlots of strategylots to come back tomultiplayer is a thingtons to micromanagecrushing difficulty makes victory that much sweeterThe bad:Tutorial doesn't explain half of what it needs to, lots to try to learn on your ownsome advanced techs are needed to have a good time of the game, that seems a bit like breaking the game but are actually meant to exist.runs can go on a tad bit too long (had a 2 hour winning run)ending can be a bit anticlimatic (fought 2 minions on the floor once on my first win)im probably going to log a solid 40-50 hours into this game before i put it down for a long while. its worth the price, as even not on sale i'd still pay a solid $30 for this entire thing, which luckily, even with the dlc is like, $21 so ye, pretty solid.i would recommend you give it a short and dont twitch refund it when things aren't working for you, the game is complex and you'll have a bunch of runs end on floors 1-2 until you start to understand what works and what doesn't (4 operators all sitting solo across the map, for instance, does not).give it a shot if youre willing to put up with a bit of frustration for a solid pay off, that requires a bit of work to get to.i'd personally see this game as a 8.5-9/10 currently, though my view may change and i'll update my review to be current if i identify issues as i go deeper (currently at 12 hours)"
76561198039021912,Recommended,249050,13223244,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Poop Train Conductor,"I can't give this game enough praise. Imagine if Dungeons of Dredmor and the original Tower defense had a baby. Except after the baby was born, TD was all like ""Uhhh I don't know how to tell you DoD, but I've been seeing Sid Meier’s Civilization on the side, and... he might be the father."" And Dungeons is like ""Say WHAAAAA"" but he agrees to raise the child as his own because he understands what's truly important in life.That's what this game is"
,Recommended,249050,32666341,Posted: 22 June,all,Sleek Weezles,"Absolutely fantastic, though definitely better with friends."
,Recommended,249050,12266459,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,lolholm,"This is a very unique 4x-ish, rpg-ish, TD-ish  game. It has pretty deep strategy, but rather than a huge scope with hordes of anonymous units this is a small squad of up to 4 distinct members.I love it. It's a fantastic game, that I highly recommend to anyone who likes strategy games and anyone who is normally put off by the somewhat impersonal nature of grand scale strategy games. This is intimate and original."
,Recommended,249050,25786622,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Taijii,I never post reviews. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing great if you're into roguelikes.
,Recommended,249050,19802352,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Okros,"Cozy little strategy game, which is a mix between tower defense and hack 'n slash.You build major modules to gather resources in different rooms, you control where the power goes (limited amount) and  you have to strategically play to create bottlenecks not to get swarmed. Fun and challenging, definitely hard, and gives a very rewarding feeling when you pull off some great plays. There are some minor annoyances that promote singleplayer ahead of multiplayer, but hopefully they will be fixed soon.If you think the game looks cool, i'd urge you to give it a go. It's not for everyone though, so if you don't like it, steam has a great return policy."
76561198131244250,Recommended,249050,13748694,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,r1p,It's good.
76561198041507503,Recommended,249050,22764709,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,UBIQuasar,Opens the door to serious fun.
,Not Recommended,249050,33845672,Posted: 27 July,all,Slyguy,"Probably one of my most frustrating gaming experiences.This game is amazing. Truly, it had the potential to be a shining gem out there. If you play the solo campaign, it is great and fun and totally worth it. Get it on sale and you should have no regrets.Yet, I do not feel like I can recommend it because in multiplayer it is ridden with bugs and glitches that are not just game-breaking but can also ruin a good 5h+ run.And this is such a shame because the multiplayer experience has almost everything to be amazing. Until your game crashes after 10 floors and a corrupted save file keeps you from recovering it. Or the game decides to act as though you did not kill all monsters, and thus prevents you from healing, although you did. Or some mechanics do not work as intended (plenty of bugs including the Mechanic Pal module). And quite a handful others including syncing issues where what players see on their end differs from the other players' experience. I had my friend's character dying to a monster although he had moved his character back to a safe room. On my end it only looked like he was still in the monster's room, getting beaten down, and thus died. But then his items spawned in the safe room, showing that he was not lying when he said he had moved back. And he was the host, so his ""version"", if not properly synced with mine, should have had precedence.tl;dr, I love the game, it has amazing potential, but if you want to play in multiplayer, too many game-breaking bugs that can really ruin your experience, especially in a roguelilke that can prove tough and requires micromanagement where small mistakes can end you. And when the game has been out for a while and even issued DLCs but did not fix these major bugs, this really saddens me and I cannot honestly recommend the game."
76561197972825721,Not Recommended,249050,28704900,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,PaladinHeart,"Dungeon of the Endless is pretty much a Tower Defense with Heroes. You're given a lot of options, but after multiple failures you soon realize there's really only one way to play the game (I'm sure I could look up a guide, but why should I have to do that?). There are limitations everywhere that I was not aware of when I purchased the game.You only get resources when you go to new rooms. Rooms are limited. Modules you build only give you resources when you go to new rooms. It's an annoying gamble to build a resource generator that may end up costing way more than it will generate. You don't get anything back when you go to a new floor. You keep your unspent resources, heroes (if they lived) and inventory. If you spent anything on turrets then you're not getting that back. And, yes, you will need turrets. Your heroes are squishy and die easy, no matter how many levels they get.I feel like the game would have been much more fun if it was based more on skill and patience rather than luck, gambling, and ""knowing exactly how to play it"". As it is, I can't recommend it at all. Not to mention the game's extremely apathetic attitude toward the player.""One of your characters permanently died. Cry much?""""Your crystal is getting attacked. It's time to panic!""""Easy"" mode is the top difficulty at the start, by default. Grab your crystal, wait, and see how long you last.I know the game isn't designed to be played that way, but the result is way out of the ballpark away from ""Easy"".The monsters keep spawning, and each wave is more than the last. There's no limit. If you could hide with the crystal then the game would probably glitch out and crash. I don't care how badly you want to push the player forward.It's a cheaty type of mechanic that should never be used in any game.And wow. I was really tempted to purchased the entire Amplitude Studios bundle! The only thing keeping me from doing so was that it wasn't that great of a sale to get it all (some things not even being on sale). So I decided to try out Dungeon fo the Endless for $3. I'm SO glad I did. I seriously recommend anyone interested to try it out during the $3 sale. Don't buy the bundles. Try it out for yourself. The game is very punishing with little to nothing in the way of rewarding you for your efforts, so I'm sure a lot of ""roguelike"" players will like it.I was expecting more. I was wrong.I am glad I tried it out though. I won't be interested in any other Amplitude games."
,Not Recommended,249050,20720592,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Stormchilde,"I need to stop believing people when they tell me that there is such a thing as a good roguelike.  I bought this game on the strength of the combination of Roguelike / 4E / Tower Defense... except it's not.  It's just another terrible little roguelike, a sadistic RNG that takes the place of creative level design.  The concept is nice.  Open a door, explore your environment step by step, do some research, build defenses... die, lose everything.... Repeat?  Why?  I get the idea that the makers of DotE are confused by the concepts of TD and 4E games, both of which I love, and both of which are predicated on the idea of slow, steady, calculated improvement.  Every time you conquer a level in a TD, you unlock more and more of the game, your skills get better, you gain more towers, and you take on greater challenges.  In 4E, resource gathering and untilization, slowly expanding your sphere of influence... these take hours or days, and garner iterative improvement.  In DotE the floors just aren't big enough.  Your empire consists of a couple upgrades, maybe three or four production units total, and maybe a dozen turrets.  Upgrades you research on one floor and almost everything you built are lost when you move up a level and nothing is gained from game to game besides a slow, inevitable feeling of malaise at the realization you've wasted money on this.  I love hard games.  I love overcoming challenges, but I like to feel like I'm the master of my fate and the utter blithering randomness, the ""haha, you lost, now start over from the begining with only your sense of shame!""... that's not what makes a good Adventure, 4E, or TD game.  Not even Nintendo Hard Platformers like Ghosts and Goblins did that.Oh, and everyone who raves about how simple this game is? So what?  Minecraft is one of the least simple games out there and it's massive.  Ditto Fallout 4 and Skyrim.  Ditto Bridge and Chess.  Know what's simple? Hopscotch.  Simplicity means nothing if the core game itself isn't good.  DotE could be good, if each dungeon were dozens or hundreds of rooms spread out across a vast area, which would have to be protected from invaders as you research and level up, battling wave after wave of monsters crawling out of your barely protected lightzone... and then, once you lose, as you inevitably must, you unlock some potential upgrade that you can use to get farther the next time.  Oh... I would have loved to play that version of DotE if it had true 4E and true TD, instead of just stealing ""elements"".  That would have been amazing"
,Recommended,249050,12656401,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Warmarine,This is one of the finest Rogue Like Tower Defence RPG game I have ever played. Really really good
76561197988580274,Recommended,249050,8547541,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,twitch/philboom,Get it !
,Recommended,249050,8567825,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,@ferguspaints,"Really fun game with bizzarely brilliant visuals, and a simplistic yet wonderful soundtrack. It blends elements of strategy and of rpgs to make a experience, but it does have a couple of flaws, (a difficulty setting would be much appreciated) and When characters die I feel no remorse, just annoyance that i spent food and (Money? Power?) on them. Still, for a game indevelopment, it is amazing- totally worth the money, and the wait till it comes out fully."
,Recommended,249050,8746609,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Etherealistic,"Dungeon of the Endless offers an incredible blend of rogue-like, tower-defense, rpg, strategy. I've only played a little more than is available in terms of content currently but it is a very solid experience. I am highly anticipating the future content."
,Recommended,249050,19446515,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,FunkyJonesy,"This is a really cool and tactical take on the rogue-like. It even adds a tower defense element to the game which is actually very well done and vital to becoming victorious!If you are a sucker for rogue-likes like I am, then you'll love this game for hours and hours as these sorts of games have amazing replayability. I only bought it a few days ago and I already have enough hours in it to make my money very worthwhile! I did get this on sale for £3 to be fair but even the base price is great for the amount of hours you'll get out of it.Another great thing about this game is the multiplayer. I heard that it was a lot more buggy and a bit underwhelming at launch, but now they've improved it (like separate saves from single and multiplayer) I can say that it's definitely worth telling a friend or 3 to pick it up with you for these instense 3+ hour games! And of course, because it is randomised, it's a different experience everytime, so you'll never really master the game enough for it to become too easy.The only real cons I can think of with this game are the few bugs that I've come across, one being as insignificant as sound glitches online and another being gamebreaking if you suddenly disconnect or crash and lose your save file. However, I'm sure this is being worked on and will most likely have a fix sooner or later. One other con I will mention is that the mechanics are a little hard to pick up at the start because the tutorial doesn't give you much to work on, but an hour or two later and you'll be fine.All in all, I can say that this game is definitely worth your money! It's a little hard to pick up on all of its mechanics, but once you do you'll be thinking of all sorts of tactics to keep your team alive through each horrifying floor. It's really fun online AND on your own."
,Recommended,249050,20235268,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,hoj minoj yoi,"Dungeon of the could use more contentBuy this game if you like the combination of the following:-Tower Defense-Party Management-Roguelike-Dungeon CrawlerHow this game could be better:-Expansions (More heroes, items, ships)-Clarification of hp bars (Monsters will stack on top of each other making it hard to gauge how many there are)-More game difficulties (currently only ""too easy"" and ""easy"" modes are available)Overall I would recommend this fairly priced game to anyone who enjoys roguelikes."
,Recommended,249050,9750991,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,[ESPO]Spacehelicopters,This game is eeasily worth the $4 it is on sale right now for. Still early in development but already tons of content.
,Recommended,249050,10068878,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Gay Witch Cyrin,"It's a freaking tower defense rougelike! Like, that's really all you need to know. If that sounds cool then totally give it a run. Also AMPLITUDE puts out some great work ^^EDIT:It's also really straightforward and accessible, for people new to this type of game ~"
,Recommended,249050,8823749,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,CharlieWoo,"This game is only in alpha and I already love it.Amazing roguelike. Can't wait to see the science tree, new random encounters, and new mobs added."
76561198036454615,Recommended,249050,8122333,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Mr.Popo,GOD IT NEVER ENDSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,249050,15458013,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Zukute,>Level 10>3 Hours and 1800 mobs later game bugs out and 3/4 people are on elevator. 1 guy bugged out and saw crystal get destroyed>1 Floor off getting the character who was Awesome10/10 Would play again.
76561198273307661,Recommended,249050,24224062,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,It's Filthy Down there,This game is great fun and I would recommend it to anyone who likes indie games?
,Recommended,249050,16528116,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,๋๋๋๋,"the game was very nice to play,the smooth gameplay and easy controls. i would give this a thumbs up"
76561198065478844,Recommended,249050,15826585,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,skarmCA,I picked this up on a lark and thoroughly enjoyed it. I'm still playing. I'll probably continue playing it when I have a few moments here or there to open some doors. Definitely would recommend.
,Recommended,249050,15864805,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,The Real Benny Hawking,Dungeon of the Endless is like crystal meth;It's really good.
,Recommended,249050,8021112,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,BuddhaBone,Very strategic! :D FUN GAME! Worth being supported...
76561198033959761,Recommended,249050,8023486,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Top Dawg Ent.,"Challenging rogue-like gameplay that requires strategic planning, micro - managing skills and significant gaming logic, theres nothing I don't love about this game.Albeit the short gameplay due to the game still being in an Alpha state, playing it gives general idea to what this game is capable of achieving in terms of customization (upgrades to defenses, more blueprints, etc.) and varieties. Boy I am excited to play the full game when it's released.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,249050,15438473,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Cantbudgeit,Hella fun rouge-like
76561197970924275,Recommended,249050,12951360,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Arcwelder,"This is a great game. Very much a ""roguelike,"" but with a lot of elements that make it fresh. It's also challenging, and can go sideways quickly. I remember playing Rogue, I'd love to have a working copy. In the meantime, I'll happily plug away at this game."
76561198080316533,Recommended,249050,16821361,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,madscyan,"That game... ohhh... THAT GAME!!!GET THAT GAME!This game is game design executed as art.  Don't get me wrong, i dont mean art as in Im-a-NY-abstract-hipster-and-I-made-an-artsy-game kind of art.  It simply is game design as art.  The game is perfectly executed and i dont say this lightly.  Everything in it is there for a reason and fits in the grander scheme in the way it shouldve been.  Kind of like the new Mad Max movie, it doesnt explain everything about everything but rather you feel the lore by exploring the dungeon and immersing yourself in the universe, all this without saying a single thing, you just see it, and it works.  I could go on and on about it but Steamers like one liners so yeah... ill only close with thisPerfect RoguelikePerfect TD elementsPerfect TBS elementsPerfect RPG elementsPerfect Pixel art/visual executionSOundtrack is perfectUI/UX is perfectIf i mention perfect another time my girlfriend told me she would leave me so i will have to stop it there but yeah... just..."
,Recommended,249050,16888507,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,DanHyder,"Great, fun game. Gets progressively harder, and always presents a challenge."
,Recommended,249050,16863785,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,gigafinger,"Fun, challenging, and completely unique.  Very impressive game."
,Recommended,249050,16868748,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,~Grim~RøA EøS~,"Holy crap do I recommend this game.Gameplay: Steep learning curve at first. Easy feels like Hard Mode until you sort yourself out. Addictive if you like Rouge-like Tower Defense. Many heroes to unlock and use. A lot of similarities but individual strengths that outshine others in their own perculiar way. Like every other Endless game, FISD (Food, Industry, Science, Dust) is a major factor. Learn to keep your eye on it so you don't shoot yourself in the foot. You start off with one pod and it is♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you manage to win with it, you will be rewarded an easier and more fun alternatives. Until then have fun dying till you finally succeed.Replayability: There are about 7 escape ships/pods and all have their unique playstyle. All very similar but certain changes can have a major impact on what you can do and what you start with. Playing every one of them certainly is more exciting than playing one and only one. Because escape pod sucks. OH MAN DOES IT SUCK. Infirmary and Armory Pod is my favourites so far. Just easier and more enjoyable, which is good because you get one by winning once. I can see myself coming back every so often to have another crack at a duo or squad and see how far I can get before I get eaten.Soundtrack: Good lord all the Endless games have a beautiful track to go with it. I find it hard to decide which is my favourite or most preferred soundtrack out of the games. This one suits the dungeonesque feeling of it all. I don't really know any of the tracks to not suit a certain situation. I have however feel that this game's music is lighter on the ears despite the tension this game gives me. While Endless Space has a more overall relaxing undertone to its sound due to the spacial atmosphere and the type of game it is. Endless Legend sounding more expressive and folkish due to being on a fantasy planet. Due to that and the factions it requires a lot of culture and different sounds to make it not sound boring. Would either soundtrack work with the other games? I don't think so. It just would feel odd, so AMPLITUDE did a fantastic job. Dungeon's soundtrack suits it just fine for the type of game it is.Co-op/Multiplayer: Like the other Endless games I found it easy to join. The game changes to account for someone else controlling a hero or 2 with you. Resources when playing solo would give you around ( 3-5 or so per turn for Food and Industry. Science being like 2 while Dust you have to find by exploring rooms.  Playing with a friend means that the resources you would have gotten is halved between you. You can trade resources and even give each other heroes if you look for the button at the top left of the screen (which is helpful if you died and your friend managed to find another hero to join you). So it really encourages you to communicate and work together. If you just build things randomly, you won't have anything later on and especially to give to your friend if the situation occurs.8.5/10-1 For the bugs I've encounted that prevented me from escaping a floor. Like going to a door to have the room not spawn leaving you 1 door/room. What would make that worse is if that room happened to have the escape point and it had only one door entering it. Yeah, that happened.-0.5 For the difficulty it gave me initially and have the nerve to call it easy, so selecting ""too easy"" makes me feel like I am a baby. THEN have me unlock the Sanitary Pod that is called Hard. I understand it is a rouge-like game and it is naturally unforgiving, would have taken a full point off if it weren't for that. I just find it hilariously cruel."
,Recommended,249050,15443196,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,"Jesus, man",Its made by amplitude studios. No further explanation needed.
,Recommended,249050,9219126,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Ysurin91,A great Turn-based strategy game. great mechanics and a fun combat system with plenty of possibility for modding.
76561197969823836,Recommended,249050,12690869,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Scratch N' Sniff,"It's like a cross between orcs must die and FTL.  Awsome game.Multiplayer needs work. Someone makes a module, everyone takes a share of it.  This is great. Makes you not feel guilty buying whatever you want.  Makes sharing resources feel viceral.When you research a module, only you get it. This is not so great. I guess the idea is that it makes you share and communicate what each of you are researching. But all it does is make it unecessarily difficult to research and build things. Just makes you want to play single player. When a module is researched, everyone should be able to build it. (then research income always lower or something)"
76561197979917588,Recommended,249050,8025041,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,SykoPenguin,"Though I haven't made it out of the first floor yet, I've enjoyed every moment.  There is a lot of depth to this game adn replayability will always be there.  This is indeed an early access game worth getting since it can only get better from here."
,Recommended,249050,15815569,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Lukewarm Yeti,"A fantastic blend of real-time and turn-based strategy, roguelike difficulty and randomization, resource management, and beautiful pixel art, Dungeon of the Endless is by far one of the best games I have ever played - lumped together in my top 3 with Risk of Rain and Magicka.It brings together the best aspects of several genres while being sarcastic, intelligent, funny, and downright unforgiving.  It takes itself seriously while still allowing room to make fun of both the player and itself, and the game is riddled with tongue-in-cheek references and jokes that will make you chuckle and grin.The characters are unique, interesting, and have very well thought-out interactions, hinting at a deeper story than at first glance.  The variety of game modes keeps the action interesting - even though replaying the default game mode never gets boring - and the vast array of characters leaves many opportunities to discover new character stories, new favorite combinations, and new gameplay in general.  Each and every aspect of the game is designed in a way that makes it fun to play, and that same intelligent design guarantees a decision is not without consequences or some sort of risk-reward tradeoff.And, with the improvements and alterations to multiplatyer mode, it's more than a blast to have fun with, yell at, and weep with your friends.PROS--Beautiful visuals: pixel art was a perfect choice to convey the game, and anything else would be an injustice--Great character design: each one feels unique and special, and each one has his/her/its own unique niche in the gameplay--Varied gameplay: even with the same characters, no two playthroughs will ever be the same--Great story: even though it's not a plain-and-simple spelled-out story, it's told in such a way that lets the adventurous player discover the story that is artfully placed throughout--Responsive and responsible Dev Team: there is a ton of interaction with the community, and it's underappreciated in general how important it is to be able to give feedback to the devs - they take everything in stride and when bugs are brought to the surface, the dev team squashes the problems--Fantastic multiplayer experience: not having to futz with a third-party program to hook up the multiplayer, having quick and responsive connections, and allowing everything necessary for a smooth experience really pays off in the fun department--Fun: plain and simple, it's enjoyable--Unforgiving: if you mess up in this game, you have a one-in-ten chance of recovering from your blunder, and that's good - any mistake deserves to be a fatal oneCONS--Difficult to learn: now, that's not to say it isn't easy to pick-up-and-play, it's to say that some people who aren't a fan of the genre or who aren't that good at strategy games will have a difficult time getting a grasp on this game; it's unforgiving and cruel--Strange controls: granted, you can change literally every single thing in the game to a different hotkey, but that doesn't mean that the base controls are easy to get a hang of - they're simple, but simple isn't always good--No controller support: granted, again, that you can find ways around that and that there are technical limitations, creative players have discovered ways to make it work - I think the devs should make it an option that is built-inOVERALL RATING9/10 - BUY THIS GAMEWhile the game is one of the most wonderful things I have ever played, it is not without its flaws.  Sometimes, the mouse controls can be a little painful and having too high of a sensitivity will often-times kill you.  The multiplayer chat doesn't have any quick-chat commands, and new players often times have a lot of difficulty figuring out the UI (in my experience).  Everything you would need IS there, but sometimes it's a little hard to figure out just what it is you need.  The inability to repair Artifacts/Research Stations is a real hindrance and very annoying, but it's intelligent design and addds to the challenge - regardless, the only character in the game who can repair them is only available for unlock three days out of the year, and that should change."
76561197972888061,Recommended,249050,15821574,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Talos,"I'll keep it short and sweet: this game is fun as hell.  I've seen some other reviews wishing the graphics were better, I can't agree.  I'm a guy who loves cutting edge graphics, realism, etc, but the graphics in this game are done purposefully and really well.  I really wouldn't think I'd like a game that looks so ""old school,"" but it's really the majority of the charm.What makes a game worth buying to me is the replayability.  This game has it imo.  I'm having fun just going for the achievement, and Steam achievements are not something I ever care about.  For the price you can't beat it.Side Note: I've always been a civ fan, but Endless Legend is better than civ imo."
,Recommended,249050,16769999,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,EpicSauce087,Is this game worth it? I believe it is. Dungeon of the Endless is the perfect inbreed offspring between some aspects from a rougelike and a tower defense.  It is also challenging and every character is unique in their own way.  Your only goals while playing are to unlock characters and conquer the dungeon. Play it solo or with friends because I believe it is a game that is fun while playing solo and multiplayer.  The updates to the game are also nice and allow you to play as even more characters like Kreyang or some of the TF2 characters. You can get a lot of enjoyment and fulfilment while playing.  It is worth the price for what you get out of this game.  It also ties in pretty well to the other Endless games.I rate this a 9/10 because of some issues while playing
,Recommended,249050,23815192,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Crooner,"Since Steam opened up Chinese region, a large number of Chinese players entered Steam. They no longer play pirated games, but pay for genuine games. Based on the huge population and excellent quality of the game, adding Chinese language support is clearly a win-win option, with a low cost in exchange for unparalleled reputation and substantial revenue, game makers really should consider it carefully. And as far as we know, compared to the quality of the game, the Chinese players prefer pay for the games which have Chinese language - even though it is not particularly good."
,Recommended,249050,22035397,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,-=LCS=- nevermelt,"Brilliant combination of 4X and rogue-like gameplay. Strategic without being tedious. Fun exploration, and fun tower defense make this game a complete package, and one that isn't too intimidating. If you're wondering which one of these ""Endless"" games to buy, this is the one, as the others seem to offer buggy gameplay and ""Endless"" monotony."
76561198031754497,Recommended,249050,21934777,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Zenithir,"*cough*Played this way too muchA very fun random level structure, tower-defense/character leveling game with a creative and fun style. I enjoyed the strategy elements and the challenge, both by myself and with friends."
76561198160633268,Recommended,249050,21953344,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,VasHeavy101,Great game i highly recommend it.
76561197976223239,Recommended,249050,21954311,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,theDUKE,"This is a great game and can be very enjoyable.But it has serious flaws and people should be aware of them.Level generator is too simple, this leads to sometimesvery easy floors and at other times impossible floors.Because the game pace is not that fast, the fact thatyou might play for a few hours before reaching animpossible level is a real problem.A game like this should have saving and level regeneration.That said it depends on how much you like impossible dungeon games.Like I said there is no real difficulty progression as you go up floors, itsjust easy and then impossible.Sometimes you will make it to the end, but it feels like pure luck rather thanany decision you ever made.Despite all these issues I still bought it again on steam, so it still has its charms."
,Recommended,249050,22036738,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,A WHOLE gallon of milk,"This game is ruthless, just when you think that you are doing fine, that things are going well, that is when it all goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥  It takes planning and very careful monitoring of your heroes, because otherwise you will just lose them all, and you will just get super♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and screwed for at least a little while. This game kicks your♥♥♥♥♥even on the easy setting (even on the very easy setting). Eventually you'll get better, but it sucks for the longest time until you get used to the complete despair, and that's when you start to get good, because you'll be prepared for everything collapsing in on itself."
,Recommended,249050,22172499,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,oofle,"Played alot of early access and really enjoyed the idea. Was insanely tough with very few heroes but I had a lot of fun. Easy isn't easy and neither is too easy until you put hours into the game. I haven't heard anything good about multiplayer considering the save issues, which is sad because this game would be 100x's better with a solid multiplayer function. Lobbies and reliable saves pls.I came back about a year later and have ran through a couple 10+ floor runs. A couple hours coming to a frustrating death.. over and over.. whatever. It happens. And I like it. Living feels good til it stops. GG."
76561197998234959,Recommended,249050,22220439,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,DblDamage,"I really enjoy this game; it's perfect to play when you only have an hour or so a night that you can dedicate to gaming.  The music is atmospheric and memorable.  The gameplay at the higher levels is brutal and unforgiving, so buyer beware."
,Recommended,249050,14533759,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Chakyl,"Very solid towerdefense game that has a large variety of levels and characters. Can get a bit repetitive if you're bad at the game and don't unlock things frequently. Multiplayer is for the most part solid, but you can't save matches unfortunatly (Usually 1 ship lasts 3 hours) ."
,Recommended,249050,12783420,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Eizo,"Love it!Roguelike tower defenceish, with sweet pixel graphics and really enjoyable music. Add some squad building, item equiping, weapon platform researching and a heavy dose of general you-need-to-think-what-you-are-doing-and-plan-ahead-then-rework-your-plan-when-it-blows-up-in-your-face strategy. As you progress you unlock new heroes, and new ships that each gives a new playmode, like the Driller ship that lets you play in endless mode just to see how far you can go.Cons - Multiplayer is a bit wonky at the moment, hopefully they will adress it soon."
76561198001980370,Recommended,249050,12822763,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Silly Wizard,"This game is ridiculously hard -- probably mostly because I'm too manly to play on the recommended ""Too Easy"" setting.  So, so, so so hard.  As a roguelike tower-defense game, it's a resounding success.Amplitude has put the same care and ability into this game as they have in both Endless Space and Endless Legend -- games I also recommend for their streamlined, engaging 4X glory.  I'm not here to talk about them, though.Dungeons of the Endless is fun.  Until it wrecks your face.  At which point -- for me -- the pain of defeat is assuaged by the promise of another dungeon dive.To be forthright, there are some issues with the game.  I commonly experience what I assume is a bug with purchasing items from merchants, and with swapping items amongst my heroes.  I don't know if there's a gameplay element I'm missing -- because as far as I can tell, there's no documentation for the game, which is frustrating -- or if it's, as I'm guessing, some faulty programming.  It's not anything bad enough to preclude me from recommending the game.In closing, I'm looking forward to where this new hybrid genre hopefully leads.  There are hints of real brilliance not quite realized by this outing -- more focus on establishing safe-routes and requiring their use during escape; emergency one-off Dust powers for the ridiculous unbeatable hordes which have spelled my doom pretty much every playthrough; perhaps some micro-tactics control to allow for more intelligent defenses than the current auto-targeting system allows; it'll be interesting to see.To encourage Amplitude to explore their options further:  buy the game!  You'll like it, if you know what's good for you.  Even when it's tearing your face off."
76561198091350526,Recommended,249050,13491817,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Only_Chins,"Another win for pixel art, clever gaming. One that you can come back to again and again with your friends too."
76561198026010286,Recommended,249050,32709467,Posted: 23 June,all,Eggherder,"Enjoyed the first play through, and for the price certainly worth it if you like this sort of game."
,Recommended,249050,32863375,Posted: 27 June,all,Shortwing the Avali,"This game is very achivement based. Note that before buying it.Other than that the game is very fun. I can't say how multiplayer works, but the game itself is fun. It is a tough game, but once you get the hang of it, it is satisfying. The main gameplay is primarily management of resources, with you needing to power up rooms and build modules in order to get further resources. In order to win, you have to reach the top floor.Side note: If either the core or all your forces die, there is no way to go back. Its a one try thing. If you fail, you have to start from the very beginning. Keep that in mind."
,Recommended,249050,32651363,Posted: 22 June,all,vodkatime,"This game is wicked fun.  I like how it's like tower defense, but also like action and RPG and other gaming words.  There is nothing I dislike about it.  If you're on the fence, give it a go.  You won't regret it.  I'm serious.  Don't I look serious?"
,Recommended,249050,12680481,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Aramoth,"This game is full of exciting features.Though multiplayer is still flawed (getting network timeouts and not being able to reconnect/continue the session), along with a few interface titbits that would make the game more practical, it's a blast. It would be a great boon to be able to see the resources of your teammates. Furthermore being able to trade not just resources, but also equipment (without having to sell them to shops and rebuying them for higher prices) would add to the ongoing fluidity of the game.The amount of genres (roguelike, tower defence, management) combined make for a wonderfully fresh experience."
,Recommended,249050,13478408,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,LivingTarget,"An interesting blending of genres and mechanics, Dungeons integrates perma-death, tower defence and rpg elements in a compelling and charming game.Though it is made up of parts done more extensively elsewhere, the whole is fresh and entertaining.As its a Rouge-Like you may be concerned that it will be too difficult to enjoy.  Don't.  The many difficulty settings mean that it will cater to all, from casual to not-quite-hardcore-enough-to-be-a-hipster. (You know who I mean, the ones that go onto a forums specificly to complain a game isn't hard enough and that everything has gotten easier since the 80's. Etc.  You know who you are.)It's fun, accessable and stands up to being played for quick blasts or for the long haul.  Grab it and you shouldn't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,249050,11114116,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,HINGLE McCRINGLEBERRY,"Dungeon of the Endless is a pretty fantastic game. It is a mash up of many different genres all of which I love. Its mainly rogue-like, with permadeath and randomized dungeons. The other 2 main genres are Turned Based Strategy and Tower Defense, it also does have a splash of RPG-like character and item customization. With unlockables for your next playthroughs and a fair amount of randomization it offers quite a bit of replayability.I highly recommend this game. I bought it at 25% off which brought it to just under $10 and have enjoyed it quite a bit."
76561197986779655,Recommended,249050,23002265,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Samso,"I suggest this game to people who like strategy games with friends. The game is very punishing, you might play for 4 hours and start all over from the beginning because you weren't paying attention for 3 seconds. Too bad it suffers from being overly simplistic and easy if you just think about every action. I suggest the developers add harder modes for the game if they ever decide to patch it.4/5 for 40 hours, if it had been harder and made me die for 100h+ hours, I'd give it a 5/5."
76561198035413438,Recommended,249050,28089387,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ayam_soeharti(asli),"Fun and has some ""5 more minutes"" trait on this reverse tower defense + dungeoning + turn based gameplaysimply 8/10Good for:-Casual Gamer-Gamer Kantoran, who has limited time of lunch break but desperately in need to freshen things up in under 15 or 10 minutes"
,Recommended,249050,28069492,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Salkku,Everyone needs to play this.
76561198051152038,Recommended,249050,12704904,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Tranny Phantom,"I really want to like this game. However, there are a few problems with multiplayer that are really hurting this amazing game. The main problem I see is, nobody in multiplayer seems to want to help new players. They'd rather ignore/ridicule them, as I've seen happen to multiple players on multiple occasions. I know this is a community issue, and not an issue with the game, which is why I'm still giving the game a positive review. However, it is important enough to be noted. The second issue is that once a player decides to leave, for whatever reason, even if their character is not dead they cannot return to the match, and their resources are lost. The ability to transfer items to other players would also be nice. Now for the good  things about this game... The gameplay is flawless on single player, requiring planning, quick thinking, and strategy to progress. But don't think that this creates a huge learning curve; after around a half hour of gameplay you should have the basics down and be enjoying yourself immensely. But don't expect it to get easy, because mastering the game is a totally different ballgame. Instead, expect to spend hours and hours learning from your mistakes, and dying from them as well, but always having fun with what is just a truly great game."
,Recommended,249050,30289424,Posted: 2 March,all,GOKU,"Once you get the hang of it, it is one of the best games out there."
,Recommended,249050,31583037,Posted: 6 May,all,Naproxen,A fantastic spin on the tower defence genre. Frustratingly good and a game that you can go back to over and over.
,Recommended,249050,14411783,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Pill Cosby,This game simulates what it would be like to join a random party and the host kicks you for no reason.
76561198086507254,Recommended,249050,16976409,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,neonveinz,"Never have I played such a mixed-genre game that felt completely tight and balanced like DotE. The devs did it right, if you buy this game, be prepared for some serious video game addiction.A++10/102 Thumbs Up!!!"
,Recommended,249050,16985704,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Pyro In a Pool.,Floor 1- Protect crystalfloor 2- lost MedicFloor 3- diedGame 4Floor 12- wonders if boss next floor?End- Win :D
76561198038077962,Recommended,249050,17018360,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Red Rockit,get it you wont regret it.
76561198018061986,Recommended,249050,16988363,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,[PROLASPE] SCHPOOPLE,Just yes
76561198170024201,Recommended,249050,15804408,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,NItram101,10/10  this game has all you need action and adventure with a hint of mystery and rpg
76561198031433857,Recommended,249050,23996572,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,rackak2010,Very interesting game.You will find nobody online.
,Recommended,249050,19261383,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Sexy Mallard,"Fun and challenging game, kinda iffy on multiplayer connections with friends though.Loads of FREE dlc keeps the game fresh and lots of unlockables makes it a lot of fun. I highly recommend the game if you like RTS hero-based games."
76561198087381265,Recommended,249050,18729101,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Guts,Best strategy/role-playing/rouge-like/squad-based/tower-defense game I've ever played.
,Recommended,249050,20543248,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,j,This game makes me not hate everything sometimes.
76561197970483988,Recommended,249050,20006624,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,The Dude,"This game is effin hard and I'm just playing on easy. Just when I thought I had ""easy"" down, some a-hole monster opens the door by himself, spawning zergs from all directions, while I was buying equipment. My strongest team yet was mowed down in seconds. I had no idea what hit me, thought it was a game bug until I googled what happened.Imagine playing witcher with no saves and some special monster spawns and kills you while your in the middle of leveling Geralt. Clearly these devs are a-holes who have no respect for standard gaming conventions.The game is fun, novel, addicting and very challenging. My biggest issue is the huge swings in each level's difficulties. Your team's life is dependent on the whims of the level generator. Depending on how many rooms you can ""power up"" and how they branch out from the crystal room, any given level can go from a cake walk to extremely difficult. A ""low dust"" level with 3+ deep branches connecting to crystal room directly is going to be very difficult to complete. Only one deep branch connecting to the crystal room will make the level very easy, even with powerful spawns.I'd recommend this for hardcore gamers only.-----------Update-----------After failing 6 times on the ""easy"" difficulty, I caved and started a play through on ""too easy"". Lo and behold I finished the game a few hours later. There is only ""too easy"" and ""easy"" difficulties in the game right now. Hate to find out what the ""normal"" difficulty will look like if they ever release it.Before you start the game, read how to unlock each ""locked"" pods. Some pods require you to complete the game + do all the tech research or unlocking all the doors or level a character to the max or things along those lines. Starting a game with a different pod causes the game to mechanics to change, and they all seem relatively easy to unlock in ""too easy"" play through."
,Recommended,249050,16777730,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,andrew sp,"it's like civilization and sanctum made a baby and it's actually fun to playa bit complex at the beginning, but atmospheric 'till the endnever finnished even ""too easy"" difficultyfinal floor is always truly unforgiving and you usualy got stuck with all of your rooms unlitstill recommend, good office play since you can pause at any time and it run like a charm in window-mode"
,Recommended,249050,12975903,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,SomeKindOfMojo,"Take the best features of every game you have ever played... and put it in one game. That is Dungeon of the Endless.  Making it one of the best games this year.Its a Dungeon crawl, rpg, tower defense, turn based, real time strategy game. Yes thats right, real time and turn based at the same time! How can that be?, well play it and find out.Overall a good sense of humor and challenging game play. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,249050,13086142,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Smooth Vader,"Challenging, riveting, daring. Behind each door you open lay the resources you need to survive, the answers you tried to research, and the monsters who've come to destroy you. Unveil help or harm one room at a time, and see how long you last."
,Recommended,249050,13614992,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Kabano,I would play this just to look at the pixel art
,Recommended,249050,8017043,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Apoc,"An interesting mix of Roguelike and Tower Defense. Require both Luck and Strategy but since it's different each time you have to think. Will you use all of your heroes together to defeat the monsters faster or will you place them in different room to make sure that no enemies slip by to the crystal?At the time of this review, it's still early Alpha so there's only three levels but the challenge seems to be well balanced. I lost my first four games on the first level before really knowing how the game works and develop my strategy. After that it took me about 90 minutes to finish the three levels included.Luck is also involved since finding the best rooms for defence near the crystal helps while finding new blueprint for stronger defense is pretty helpful too while not required if instead you find good items for your heroes.Graphics are pretty stylish with kind of an old-school feeling (in my opinion.) and get you in the mood. Honestly did not notice the music and sound that much but probably because I was too much into the game. (Those 120 minutes flew by real fast.)Found no glitch so far and with the coming additions to the game it could be well worth it's price."
76561197999018200,Recommended,249050,24084008,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Lord Azlan,"Say hello to your brain again.Forget Civilisation, StarCraft or Total War. This is the Strategy game you want.I eat Rogue like games for breakfast. I loaded this one up and died, died and died again. I was still on the first floor.39 hours later I am one of 0.7% of people that has completed the Sanitary Pod ship. It can get quite addictive.ABOUT THE GAMEYour spaceship crashes on a planet and you begin with two characters either chosen or randomised.Your job is to escape and you do this by managing resources, shopping and building your party.There is a tower defence element where you build modules that give you extra food, slow down monsters, poison them, heal your party and a hundred other things in between.Doors. You won't ever look at them in the same way again. Every time you open a door in the dungeon ALL HELL CAN BREAK LOOSE.CRY HAVOC. MANIC. The game can't respond quick enough to your commands and you ponder afterwards if ever a game needed a telepathic link this is it.The Sanitary Pod is described as thus: Hard, cannot pause, stronger monsters, more unfavourable events, resources less common, healing much harder.Ten fails later I can't believe anyone can do it. This time I am halfway through the levels and have a full party. I have concentrated heavily on industry to the detriment of science and food. My party are mostly fighters and none can fix my modules if they have been damaged by monsters. I sacrifice the worst fighter to recruit an engineer type.The door bell rings and I discover hitting ""Escape"" does not pause the game. RING RING. CRAP. I run like a maniac to the door and run back. I lost the engineer. Later on in my mad rush to the elevator I forget to move all my party there and lose another character. Two characters left, two floors to go.I have concentrated heavily on building generators as monsters only spawn in the dark. My party is underlevelled and won't be able to heal much if attacked. On the final floor my rag tag dying of food party need LUCK OF THE DEVIL. Will I ever find the exit before I am overwhelmed. Left or right, North or South.Hallelujah brother! - I am one of the 0.7%.The game is hideously complex. Remarkable.Don't dismiss it's basic graphics.Don't think you have seen it all once you complete a dungeon.Do push yourself. No bugs.Man up - what are you scared off?"
,Recommended,249050,27398793,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,kf,I nominate this for The “Just 5 More Minutes” Award
,Recommended,249050,13234872,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,"Sampapa ""Frog Fucker"" Spinach",I kept opening all the doors and got all my friends killed.11/10
76561198098297089,Not Recommended,249050,24490586,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,vjmjcai,"DotE is an interesting combination of turn-base and tower defense. No two games are the same as each floors are randomly generated. It's a very challenging game and I have rarely beat it (on easy) in comparison to the amount of my failures. Yea, this game kicked my butt hard.What I do find intersting is the depth of each character. What is amazing is that some of the characters have intertwined back story and will interact.I don't recommend it to most people but for those that like a challenge, this game might be for you."
,Recommended,249050,15630041,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Interesse,"My favorite two characters killed eachother in what I thought was a no storyline game, crying inside 10/10"
,Recommended,249050,9907078,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Moneigh,"Can't wait to see the finished product! Game is quite enjoyable as it is, the only problem with it right now is replayability factor (it's Early Access, gotta have something not quite right :P ) due to limited content.Very well put together."
,Recommended,249050,15514295,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Cpt. Midnight,"Went into this game blind, Saw it was free for a period and just went at it.At first, I did not like it, it felt....awkward. The gameplay was odd, and the way your interface worked felt clunky. But then, after giving it time I got used to it, everything fell into place and I was able to start enjoying the game.After my initial 10 failed runs on Single Player and a few Character Unlocks, I really picked up the game and got into it, so I decided to try out multiplayer, that part of the game wasnt so much fun.  Every game I got into was full of Zerg Rushers, Leeroy Jenkin's w/e you want to call them. I ended up just ditching two of the players in my game so my friend and I could dual character, in which case we did much better than with others.The Game has a slight learning curve but once you get it down, be prepared for hours of fun. My only gripe is that the producers gave perm access to a different title of theirs instead of this."
76561198012860672,Recommended,249050,9391168,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,thatguypursue,Great game in alpha. Will probably be amazing once finished.
,Recommended,249050,11269291,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Tutorials $6,"I picked up this game when it was back in Early Alpha, and at the time it felt a bit feature-scant. However, they have since gone into Beta, and I can safely say that this is worth every cent.DotE is best summarized as a mix between a roguelike, turn-based strategy game, and a sort of tower defense. Your goal is to open doors in the dungeon so that you can find the exit and then you have to carry your power source (a crystal) to that exit without it getting destroyed by the various monsters that inhabit the dungeon. The learning curve is a bit steep at first, but once you figure out how everything works, this game becomes incredibly fun.There are some drawbacks, such as the technical glitches, occasional crashes (at least for me), and some balance issues, but the devs are highly involved in the community and are taking steps to actively address these issues - more than I can say for other Early Access games.You can find yourself sinking a lot of time into this game if you take the time to enjoy it. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,249050,15856062,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Mario Dan,"One of my favorites games. A mix of dungeon crawler, roguelike, tower defense, RPG and strategy game (real time or ""by turns""). Very addictive, high replay value, high challenge... i will like to explain the game to you but part of the fun is learning the mechanics trough trial an error, to know if you are really to like the game you must play it by yourself."
76561198049412567,Recommended,249050,15424345,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Chimp Norris,This game is alot of fun.
,Recommended,249050,8705811,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,wdavid4,"I can't wait for this game to get finished. Even in alpha, it's still a fair amount of fun. A good bit of strategy involved with where you place your characters, moving them around to make sure your protected from the waves of aliens bent on destroying you. Currently there are 3 playable levels, which is just enough to get your feet wet, wanting more to get finished as soon as possible."
76561198021271311,Recommended,249050,26096292,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,~NaGgZ~,"Amazing game. so easy to play, yet so difficult to conquer. I'm hooked. :D"
76561197976178495,Recommended,249050,13173027,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Jigglypuff,"The game is a brilliant mesh of rogue-light and tower defence.Deeper levels can be moderately to immensely challenging.Character customization is open enough to be interesting, but isn't too in depth to make it tedious, or a chore to manage.Multiplayer still has a few bumps that need to be ironed out, but the single player is stellar."
76561198060003854,Not Recommended,249050,31209813,Posted: 17 April,all,kommissarklaus,Every time i get to level 8 or near it it crashes or lags the game or disconnects other players from the game and freezes.. happened 4 times now.
,Recommended,249050,10017937,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Fayte,It's hard to believe this is an early access game. So far its fantastic.
76561198170066674,Recommended,249050,23828633,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Tantheman,my first thoughtshttps://youtu.be/JrflrhJanUs
76561197992229015,Recommended,249050,28368688,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Dire,"Good ""Dungeon Crawler"" Roguelike. Or Roguelite? But that would mean there would be progression outside of the main game, which there isn't, unless you argue that additional characters and starting conditions (Pods) can be unlocked. For a character you have to encounter him or her in the game and have him or her survive for at least 3 floors. Pods on the other hand can be unlocked by either winning a game with another Pod or by doing some really annoying achievements (do not pause the game ever or reach level 24 in endless mode, research every module (level 1)...of which there are 26 I think...that can be a miss or a hit...and lastly: don't let your core get damaged). Of course you have to win those games...the research is ""more or less"" predictable, but I've still needed to invest heavily into research instead of food and industry (I didn't build a single industry module I think), which meant that my characters were woefully underpowered and I had to reset research many times or research stuff I didn't ever use just to unlock that Pod...it's ok if this is an achievement, but barring players from playing certain modes by such abominable achievements is just evil. I have yet to master the no damage one. It just takes 1 hit to start all over...and starting all over can mean up to several HOURS of playtime ""wasted"".What is this game even? It's a pixel art survival game in which you open doors (those count as turns) and power rooms with the resource Dust. Each room costs 10 Dust and you get that through events, opening doors and killing enemies. Enemies may or may not spawn in any room that is unpowered. In every powered room with a major module slot you can build either research, industry or food. Research is for researching new modules obviously, which can be done if you find the reserach crystal (and protect it from destruction for three turns). You always have 4 randomly chosen items available. Food is for healing and leveling up your heroes and industry is for building modules. There are also shops that sell items for any of the 4 resources (random). Items are pretty darn important.The goal of the game is to find the exit on 12 floors, which can either take a few minutes or up to half an hour, as it is, you guessed it, randomly generated. While searching for the exit you will have to contend with the various monsters on the floor that will inevitably spawn. 1 or 2 rooms are usually no problem for your up to 4 heroes, but the nature of the game is such that you will pretty much always have several rooms unpowered. The more doors you have opened and the higher the floor number is the harder the enemies hit (and new types of enemies spawn, for example ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ aoe golems that only target your modules or kill off your reasearch node to almost make you not complete the damned achievement on floor 12...). The mobs that head straight for your core are the most dangerous ones to you. Anything else will attack your heroes and those can be healed. Every time your core takes damage, however, you LOSE dust, meaning the next door to open might get even harder, since you can't power another room or even have one more room now unpowered, since you need 10 dust for each room...it's a snowballing mechanic, against you.The game still is addictive and fun, but harsh. It has 2 difficulty settings: too easy and easy. Too easy is ""hard"" and easy is ""hardcore"". They're just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I've yet to beat the game on ""easy"", but I'm also no expert in this...However, I also don't feel the need to become one, since the game doesn't offer all THAT much replayability in my opinion. Once you have unlocked everything what's there to do? It can also be played in up to 4 player MP, which is kinda fun."
,Recommended,249050,15456208,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Idio,The only issue I have with this game is the lack of a 4 player pack I could buy for my friends and I.Some damn good fun.
,Recommended,249050,31385522,Posted: 26 April,all,FoxGlove,rushes to  exit with favorite character completely geared.realizes party must be with you before leaving.you are alone on the elevator and the door is about to open.would fail again 10/10
,Recommended,249050,9905070,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Snake Plissken,Fun Fast and Addicting. Worth every penny
76561197972471974,Recommended,249050,9874299,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Captain Deathbeard,Oh my god why is this game so good?
,Recommended,249050,20069877,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Hackerman,"Worth every penny! That is all I wanted to say...and yeah, think twice before opening a door and you think you are well protected, haha"
76561197970720161,Recommended,249050,18937898,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Game_Dude,"Dungeon of the Endless is a mix of exploration, ressource management and tower defense with RPG elements. You chose two characters which have crashed into this underground complex, and have to get to the surface by finding an exit on each floor.Each floor needs to be explored, essential rooms powered and defended against creatures. Once the floor exit is found, one of your team has to carry the crystal to the exit (slowing him/her down), while the rest tries to defend. Powered rooms spawn no enemies, so chose wisely before attempting the escape.You have essentially four ressources: Industry (let's you build stuff), Food (let's you level up or heal characters), Science (lets you research stuff) and Dust (it lets you power rooms). Modules you build can generate more of a ressource every turn, but have to be defended if in vulnerable spots.On the way up you can add two more characters you come across to your group. They can then be equipped with gear, which you either find or buy at the merchant, and which also randomly spawns on each floor. There are a total of 12 levels, all procedurally generated.It's sort of a fresh feeling gameplay experience: a mix between round based (preparation phase) and real time (combat). You can however pause the game at any time and still issue commands (or heal) during it."
,Recommended,249050,23764590,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Malidala,"Part dungeon crawler, Part real time strategy gameLevel up and gear your party members, but beware, some characters know eachother and will work better together, or may want the other one dead.Once a character dies, they are dead for the entire run. Sometimes you are going to have to sacrafice someone to save everyone. To all the characters who didn't make it to the elevator and died delaying the swarms of enemies, you will be missed.This is not an easy game."
76561198027889064,Recommended,249050,23769447,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Viscount Truaxelhood,"This game is absolutely wonderful.  If you are even considering the purchase, DO IT!  The amount of joy and fun you'll have is worth the price."
76561198041009005,Recommended,249050,12864393,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,clayton,Big thumbs up.
76561197968956752,Recommended,249050,15119555,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,glub ♥Linux,"✓ Rogue-like and RPG elements✓ Procedurally generated✓ Very nice graphics and animations, good presentation✓ Interesting game mechanics✓ Co-op multiplayer!✘ No DRM-free version✘ No Linux support (yet)"
,Recommended,249050,27731990,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,CR_METH,+++++
76561198012993979,Recommended,249050,19352223,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Wiley Wood,REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
,Recommended,249050,19353407,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Mark Win,"If you buys this game you won't regret it, I promise."
,Recommended,249050,35319685,Posted: 29 September,all,Poe Noodles,This is my favorite game ever. :D
,Recommended,249050,8390188,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,RandomBlue,"It's basically a futuristic rogue-like / tower defense combo.  It's definitely worth the $3,792.99 price tag."
76561197969290323,Recommended,249050,11514174,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Cuchilain,"This is fun, a turn based strategy game that doesnt get too convoluted, and keeps a fast pace for fun.  The pixel graphics are really top notch.I don't suggest playing on 'Too Easy'.  It really makes it pretty boring and you often have an overabundance of some resources.  I played on 'Easy' which is really the normal mode, and i couldnt get past the second floor until i had made about a half dozen runs.  But thats how you find the mechanics and figure out what your doing wrong.After you figure it out, it quickly becomes a series of best/worst scenarios.  Tough choices and some easy ones.  And sometimes its the simplest strategies, no more complicated than a game of tic tac toe.  But it is great fun, and i am only guessing that at higher difficulty levels, when available, the choices will be magnificently tougher, and the consequences far more dire.I really can't do justice to what this game actually is, except. . . the video is very very accurate.  Its an everything-like.  I am now curious to try pure runs.  Where you just focus on Character, or maybe tower defense."
,Not Recommended,249050,33063434,Posted: 30 June,all,PK Indie,"I was one of the first backers of this game because I really liked the concept of a endless dungeon. However, the lack of character controls destroyed any opportunity that this game had to be fun."
76561198024811575,Recommended,249050,29433345,Posted: 22 January,all,Redleader,Man this game can get old if your just in it for single player but if you play multiplayer and can understand the mechanics you can have some epic games. My last one as I'm writting this review was intense as a 3 man team we made it to floor 8 or 9 i forget which one but due to a horde of monsters attacking in concentration the other 2 were wiped out.I then quietly mourned thier loss and moved on my odds of survival were low but I had a monster on my side as sasha so kept pressing onwards. Through luck i managed to make it to second last floor and nearly die to a giant horde attacking me as a ran towards the elevator. The last floor i had made it. the first 8 doors left me with barely enough dust to power a room. I can't do much anymore i can mearly hope i can find the exit as i open the 11th door i see the exit. Half crazed half dying from laughter I grab the crystal and make a mad dash for the exit. healing myself many times. Suddenly I could see sunlight. I had survived.Honestly this game is hard but winning means something when you do do it
,Recommended,249050,13817386,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Orb,"Couldn't stop until I managed to complete the game, really engrossing. It was difficult on ""Easy"" (the other difficulty level being ""Too Easy"") and I liked it. The game is also full with humor - every biography and item description has a joke (that reminds me of Hearthstone). Music is good (like in other Endless games), art is also good, gameplay a very pleasant surprise - excellent."
76561197965300534,Recommended,249050,13438604,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Roland The Gunslinger,You like dungeon crawler games?  You like to playtower defense?  You like to be ♥♥♥♥ed in the♥♥♥♥♥by random mobs?  Then this game is for you!
,Recommended,249050,29403318,Posted: 21 January,all,TEPPLEBIUSTAH,3€? meh let's give it a shot.easy or very easy? wtf?ill go with easy I guess.Oh ♥♥♥♥ me.Hard.
,Recommended,249050,13050994,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Grim,"A really fun game, unlike any other I've played. Super challenging!"
,Recommended,249050,13800844,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Cowboy,"My favorite entry in the ""pixel art roguelike tower defense tactical rpg"" genre! Love it!"
,Recommended,249050,28688399,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Citizen Kane,"A very neat little roguelike set in the Endless / Auriga universe.  To compare it to a really successful roguelike like FTL, I would say it lacks a tiny bit of depth.It's still very fun and offers loads of challenge though.  There is enough depth and procedural gen to keep most people occupied for a while."
,Not Recommended,249050,13630771,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Lental,"Honestly, this game was okay.  The first run was fantastic. Figuring out the strategy and resource management was challenging.  Finding items was satisfying, and upgrading the different modules was rewarding.  However, after one 10-hour playthrough I was able to uprade all modules and find every item, multiple times over.  Now that my first play is done, I'm finding it hard to justify a second run because I've basically seen everything. Other rouge-likes like Binding of Isaac, Risk of Rain, and FTL had so much content that you needed multiple playthroughs just to see everything there is, and past that to optimize your planThe game was fun while there was new content.  Now that I know there is nothing else, why play again?"
,Not Recommended,249050,25999111,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,食神白夜,show more respect to chinese players!
,Recommended,249050,13130444,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,SyLaR_MoZZZg,"In brightest day, in blackest night,No evil shall escape my sight."
76561198008016832,Not Recommended,249050,30862596,Posted: 31 March,all,Judaes,"Great game, except the multiplayer doesn't work.There are many bugs with the netcode that causes desyncs and disconnections in multiplayer, and after two years its very clear they have no intention of fixing them.If you're cool with singleplayer only - you'll like it. If you wanted to play this game with your friends, expect agony/disappointment/frustration/anger. So yeah, I can't recommend this game due to simple, easily fixed bugs. Tragic because so many other things about it are great."
,Not Recommended,249050,33054045,Posted: 30 June,all,AmishWarMachine,"Wanted to wait a while before I posted this review, make sure I gave the game every oppourtunity before I made up my mind.WHY I BOUGHT THIS GAMEThis game stuck out for me. Saw it in my queue during a steam sale about 2 years ago.  Its 8 bit graphics and unique style and story made me consider paying full price for it as I didn't get it during the sale. I thought ""This feels like one of the old sierra games but with a better story and lots more engrossing action,  it could be something I'll play over and over and not get bored""WHY YOU SHOULD NOT BUY THIS GAMEFast forward to 2 years later and I've all but lost interest. I have tried on several occasions to get into this title.  The biggest problem is, despite being very well put together, it doesn't know what it wants to be. Part of me wonders if it was passed to 3 or 4 different DEV teams during production, and each team wanted to make a different game.  Is it a resource management rpg? is it a tower defense game? its it an side scroller? An exploration adventure?  The answer is yes.  The problem is that it doesn't do any of these things well enough to compensate for the ones it does poorly. With that kinda confusion it doesn’t really know what audience its selling to.  I wish they had just focused on two of these elements, the game would have been fantastic.  Add to that, you can be phenomenal at setting up your defenses, picking your characters, managing your resources, and you will still lose, and have to start all over again. There is no saving.  So much of what determines the win here is pure Luck. Save up your resources to level 11 but misspend them by taking a wrong turn, you lose.  There is no way to recoup or recover from a mistake. Alternatively, You can spend no resources at all and still manage to win if you get lucky with which doors lead to exit rooms. Which are also totally RNG generated.Multiplayer is Bugged.Something is wrong with the multiplayer in this game. Not sure what, sometimes it will let you form a group , other times it just kicks you and sends you into game on your own or back to starting menu.  This is not my PC, firewall,  or connection, have investigated and ruled both of those out. Devs were supposed to offer a fix, it never happened.PROSRetro graphicsCool premiseLots of things that seem like funFun multiplayer (when it works)CONSThings that seem like fun, turn out to be tedious and frustratingNo ability to save you gameLuck of the draw to WinBroken Multiplayer (for the most part)Game tries to be all things to everyone with only average resultsCONCLUSIONIt called Dungeon of the ENDLESS, but dungeon of the EXITS would have been more fitting.  The strategy the player has to adapt is to hord as much resources as possible, which means (not building cool items during the levels, so you are encouraged not to use those mechanics and also running for the level exits as fast as possible.  To win, you are actively encouraged not to explore the endless doors or tunnels, not to seek adventure in the levels but just find the exits as soon as possible and then get off the level.A great opportunity has been lost."
,Recommended,249050,12655911,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,zeh | rorshack,"Awesome game. An interesting yet very challenging combination of Roguelike, Dungeon Crawler, RPG, and Tower Defense elements, but an unique game in its own way. A real time sucker for me."
76561197969907665,Recommended,249050,12681265,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Sir Snipeington,"This game is absolut garbage! It's from the ♥♥♥♥ing devil! Since i have it i can't sleep anymore. very original, Tough crap!EPIC!10/10"
,Not Recommended,249050,22404901,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Grand Soft Kuma,"tl;dr - Cute game, couldn't get into it.I love a good Rogue-like. I've poured countless hours into Torchlight, Diablo, Isaac... so on. Similar to The Binding of Isaac, this game has a very steep learning curve. Unlike BoI, there doesn't seem to be any 'reward' to dying. From what I gathered through a fair amount of Google, you need to luck out to gain enough floors to unlock a hero, every time you want to unlock a hero. Now, this isn't bad, except...All the upgrades you purchase - new towers, tower upgrades, so on - only apply to your current run. This game is essentially RNG taken to the extreme. Unless you're the luckiest space marine this side of the galaxy, you're gonna die repeatedly. I get that some games can't just be picked up and played, that you need to sink hours into them before you're going to win, but when winning is locked behind random rumbers and not skill, it becomes a tedious grind that loses all sense of fun very quickly.The graphics are cute, the soundtrack isn't bad, all in all, it's a decently polished game. Where it suffers is the complete lack of balance, the tutorial being summed up as 'die until you get it right', and a misleading difficulty system.The above points wouldn't be so bad for a game in Beta, but given that this is a completed game, I was expecting more.Graphics: 5/10Gameplay: 3/10Soundtrack: 5/10Fun to play: 1/10Overall: 3/10"
,Recommended,249050,20007368,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,wiidad,"Wow, when played properly this game is such a unique take on the cross over genre between TD and RPG and even some RTS! I am a huge fan now! If you enjoy serious gamer or just into serious teamwork then you can master this game with 3 friends using precise teamwork to have much much fun."
76561198057453677,Recommended,249050,12653934,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Goose,"This is an impressive rouglike with some new ideas. The graphics are adequate but the gameplay is great. With randomly generated dungeons and lots of heroes, it has decent replayablilityAt 12.99 USD ( or your regional equivalent) it's easy to reccomend this game."
76561198012031720,Not Recommended,249050,32948051,Posted: 28 June,all,osheal,"This is a cute little strategy game but there is simply not enough here to recommend it. Replayability is very low for 2 reasons. Reason one is the only thing to accomplish on a playthrough is maybe some unlocks on characters which there aren't many to unlock and the next ""level"" which is the same level with some new modifiers. Reason two is every level is basically the same except for the aforementioned modifiers once you unlock them.If you pick it up cheap and want a diversion for a bit, then it is good for that. Or if you are the type insanely driven to unlock everything in every game, then this might be for you. Otherwise pass on it."
,Not Recommended,249050,29389161,Posted: 20 January,all,thepowerglove,"I rarely ask for refunds but I did on this one. While I got it on sale for a great price I just couldn't get into the fiddley micro-management. I figure I'm in the minority but if you're looking for a stripped down X-Com with RTS elements, check it out! Just not for me, though."
76561198063626002,Not Recommended,249050,26017086,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,ColdOne,"Another game with great potential. So many good things, the soundtrack, tactics and resource management. All of it is rendered pointless as the multiplayer functionality is pretty much unplayable. I can deal with the deceptive advertising from the store page videos, but the game is simply too broken to enjoy with friends.Involuntary connection drops happen every couple floors untill you are left playing a solo match.Players get black screens upon level completion and are forced to restart the game and abandon match.Multiplayer UI is regularly void of matches, either means nobody bothers with coop or the matchmaking UI is broken as well.Either way, it pains me to downvote, but a broken game is a broken game."
76561198062862412,Not Recommended,249050,19402793,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Deus Optimus Maximus,"Dungeon of the Endless is quite fun. But at it's current state, it's just simply unplayable on the Mac. The game usually run into display issues where the map cannot zoom in, this is not usually a huge problem, since you can always save & quit, let the game crash, and restart. However, if you run into this problem when the level is complete, or transitioning between different levels, then the game simply crashes by itself.  Now, this won't be such a problem if Dungeon of the Endless uses the traditional save system. In this game, you can only keep one save, and every save can only be loaded once. If you run into any crashes, tough luck, you just lost the entire playthrough and several hours of game/achievement progress.To save you on the frustration, I would not recommend this game at its current state. It's simply way too unstable for its save scheme to work, at least on Macs.If they fix this issue, or create a workaround, I would gladly give it 9/10."
76561197972364092,Not Recommended,249050,22321048,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Lockey,"The game in its current state is a buggy mess. Just don't bother. You will be frustrated.First of all, don't turn on game pad support. Just don't. It's plain broken. The button prompts in the tutorial are for keyboard, the tool tip windows cover important information and sometimes the controls just don't work. My favorite was when I wanted to exit the dungeon and couldn't because even though it was prompted on the screen, the right trigger did nothing. Game over.Which brings me to the game over screen. Or what I think is the game over screen. Because I only get a black screen with music running in the background. Pressing any button brings me back to the menu. There are other screens that glitch out or are cut short too, like the intro or the loading screens.If it weren't for the technical issues I'd say the game is okay. Neutral recommendation. I have played more engaging tower defense hybrids. But with the glaring glitches and bugs, I can definitely not recommend buying this game at all.Hardware: MSI GT72S 6QE (i7, 16GB, GTX 980m)"
,Not Recommended,249050,21182204,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Billy the Butt-Pirate,"Good rogue-like game but incredibly unstable. Ive had it for a week and already have run into numerous game ruining bugs and glitches, on both single and multiplayer."
76561198031390032,Recommended,249050,12666613,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Herpicus Derpicus,Phenomenal roguelike.
76561197968319375,Recommended,249050,12706386,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,[1n0] Dr. Baldhead,"Beautiful blend of RTS resources building, Team Based RPG room checking exploration and randomized tower defense elements. My only complaint is I wish there were more variety, which is basically saying I wish they would come out with expansions."
,Recommended,249050,12731077,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,[SIN7]Gold-Kitty,"amazing! The Endless games are great, even this, and it's multiplayer is just so damn fun >.<"
76561198098172444,Recommended,249050,13217208,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Prophet Of Merci,"I recommend this game for Various reasons i try to explain below, though it may not be enough information for the average gamer.A solid Tower Defense/Turn-based strategy mixed with sci-fi and hack-n-slash. Whether solo playing or online multiplayer, ""DotE"" will give most players a hard time; either by high blood pressure, rage, and/or suicidal thoughts. Theres a few easter eggs you'll catch here and there, and i'll not add any spoilers, but you'll get a chuckle or two from finding them out. Replayability is high (for me atleast). And we cant forget about that futuristic and highly advanced melodic elevator musicI've noticed a few bugs here and there, like heroes getting stuck in the animation for opening doors, which is gamebreaking more or less(if you can risk a hero taking one for the team). Or your tactical map not working, and you have to manually click and drag on the map just to see whats going on. On another note, the servers arent exactly...perfect with connectivity. This game also has its fair share of ""THOSE GUYS"" who immediately kick you from lobbies without giving you an excuse or even saying hello. It happens ALOT, and its a bit rude and repetitive.On the plus side, by having Endless Legend and/or Endless space, you will start seeing a few monsters and races from the other Endless titles. Brings back some decent memories, especially the broken lord Hero, and her impressive defense.Theres different Passive and Active abilites for heroes ranging from typical damage and defense boosts, highly resourceful aggro's, and turret/module upgrades. I believe this is the first game i've witnessed take advantage of hero's gaining or losing power due to thier personality and teammates within the same room as them on the dungeon floor.Both Endless Legend and Endless Space (great games by the way, leaning more toward Endless legend) have modding options and tools except for this installment in the Endless series. Hopefully that will change in a few months time BECUASE i'd like to see more heroes, abilities, and possibly monsters and multiple factions from the other games.By getting Emporer and Crystal packs from the other titles, it unlocks characters, ships, and artwork, music etc for DotE.It doesnt take a genious to figure out the uses of Food, Industry, and Science (no excuses for those of you who played the previous titles), although theres a slight exception for Dust as the tutorial deosnt exactly teach you how NOT to get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked the first few playthroughs.Any way, im out. So good luck and add me if you need a companion or opponent in any of the Endless games. I also recommend Endless Legend for those of you who who like hexagonal turn based strategies like ""Michael Meyers"" Beyond Earth."
76561198054107291,Recommended,249050,8345623,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,andrew-clarkson,well i like it
,Recommended,249050,23718479,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Tasker 2016,"This game is a good timewaster.The developers keep screwing around with this game, meaning that sometimes it's way too easy, and sometimes it's way too hard, and sometimes it's just a buggy mess, but mostly this game is a good timewaster to keep open when you're semi-busy at your desktop.I could do without the stupid TF2 heroes, though."
76561198073477802,Recommended,249050,8009497,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Alai,"If you don't get the full early access package you're doing it wrong, electric razor style."
,Not Recommended,249050,34968158,Posted: 15 September,all,special eyes,Multiplayer is buggy and will corrupt your saves.
76561197982881963,Not Recommended,249050,22637959,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Razter,"The game was amusing and had a modest amount of strat the first few games. But after you've beat 2 or 3 levels, it's no longer very interresting. There's very little variety between the different levels. The only real difference comes in the form of what handicaps/penalties they impose on you for the level.Oh and on a side note...On my first run, things wewe going well and I was about half way through the dungeon. All my characters are on the elevator moving to the next level. Suddenly two chars get in an arguement or something and one stabs the other. This causes me to lose my Best/Highest DPS char right in the middle of a level.Devs can go ♥♥♥♥ themselves on game design like this. It's hard enough keeping people alive to then have them die at random on the elevator?"
76561198076940170,Not Recommended,249050,22580190,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Glorious Mayhem,"great game, BUT THE GAME CRASHES SO OFTENlost 3 runs where we went to room 8+ but the game just crashes and we lose all our progress"
,Recommended,249050,9603796,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Hiræther Harbinger de Behçet,"42 minutes in.  4 deaths.  Foresaken on an alien planet, this fiendish rogue makes me laugh in the face of death & love it.  Alpha is well worth while.  Sore losers need not apply.  The tower defence element of connecting the power is fascinating & interesting, too, Captain.  For Frack's sake, support Dungeon of the Endless."
,Not Recommended,249050,26321519,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,seMikel,The game would have been just fine if it weren't for the constant desync issues with the multplayer. Couldn't get past the second floor without it desyncing and becoming unbeatable. To make things worse loading a multiplayer game that got desynced removes the ability for the second player to choose a character. Do not buy this game if you are planning to play online.
,Recommended,249050,12908359,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,BucketofLobsters,"Deceptively challenging, has kept me from going to sleep a few nights this week already!"
76561198071421958,Recommended,249050,13060830,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,eternal jape,The graphics and soundtrack look a lot between super metroid or super star wars on the snes.A great smooth playing roguelike.Difficulty? You got it.
,Recommended,249050,14583462,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Sallzz,"11/10 should be cheaper tho, have reviving mates option and shared itens"
76561198000481485,Recommended,249050,12951879,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Gilgamesh,Fantastic strategy game accompanied by a beautiful score. Cannot get enough.
,Recommended,249050,22300363,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,zZz_BoyHunt3r_zZz,Seems fine
,Recommended,249050,15421261,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,ambra,its good
,Recommended,249050,18437100,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Nick the Rat,One of my favorite games.
,Recommended,249050,12698230,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Jon_1renicus,Enjoy rogue-like? Enjoy FTL? Want to mash your face against a keyboard and slam your mouse on your desk? Considering picking this up. 12/10 death simulator
,Recommended,249050,29371154,Posted: 19 January,all,DARK3063,it's less of a massive indie franchise and more of a lets make a game currently this is the most orignal game in there entire franchise it takes machics of rougue likes and mixs it tower defense it's in a way like sactum witch mixed fps with tower defense don't take story says in the steam page seriously this is alot more like left for dead made for fun not much else the story they try to tell you about is more of farse but what isn't these days coop is the best thing in the game with friends otherwise the comunity behinds tends to kick you alot mainly do to the fact you have didicate yourself to hoursworth of gameplay and if you don't you either feel like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ because abandon them or they abandon in the worst possible time the need to add a option that if you make it to lvl 5 with a friend to end it there and then start from lvl 6 later with them and so on other then that i have to say as what they company appears to be like there more in for the gameplay and the little story put on the steam page is something a bit tacked on and is a little scummy in a way immplying there's a real story when there clearly really isn't i still enjoy the game dispite all this and i have to say if you play the game thinking its made for fun it's a excellent experince if you play the game for story your going to feel slightly mad but you'll still have one of the best $3 i ever spent XDi should probably add the game runs almost flawlessly if you play ways it's meant to
76561198027226487,Not Recommended,249050,23975387,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Dunky the Funky,"Every couple of months I remember that I have this game and reinstall it. I play it for an hour or so and enjoy going through floors, upgrading my heroes along the way and managing resources. Once I get to floor 7 or so, I quickly remember why it was uninstalled. With mounting dificulty and sprawling hallways, this rogue-like quickly becomes a game of chance. Opening the wrong door at the start of a level leaves your party with a useless, dangerous string of rooms that do nothing  but spawn hordes of enemies; the later levels leave too much to sheer chance rather than carefull play. Of course, other games of this style have similar problems, but the limited resources you can obtain and the limited player interaction makes it hard to blame defeat on the skill of the player.The atmophere and art are excellent, but the game quickly becomes tiresome when you begin to see the dice being rolled against you."
76561198027305968,Not Recommended,249050,19507632,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Brett,"This game isn't worth the money. It's quite boring, the difficulty is too high, and while I'm sure I could beat it if I invested the time and energy, there's nothing in the game engaging enough to motivate me to do so. Also, it's a hodgepodge mishmash of different genres, although it doesn't do any one of them particularly well IMO.Buy only if you like games that are difficult for the sake of being difficult or are obsessed with combining genres together."
,Recommended,249050,29411641,Posted: 21 January,all,Mike Wazowski,♥♥♥♥ing nice
,Recommended,249050,26169403,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Ronin,Very good game
,Recommended,249050,26157617,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Snepsts | Team10 eSports,What a good meme
76561198028786804,Recommended,249050,26067631,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,tmmluis,Smart and enjoyable.
76561198052876751,Not Recommended,249050,24029875,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Xmas,"For me there is not enough variety in gameplay, but I could understand why some people might like this one."
,Recommended,249050,13840391,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,𝔩𝔞𝔫𝔡𝔴𝔥𝔞𝔩𝔢,"Half dungeon crawler, half resource management sim, Dungeon of the Endless is a simplistic ""Rogue-like"" set in the Endless universe. The thing that sets this apart from so many others in its genre is how you keep your party alive; major slots on dungeon floors allow you to build Major Modules (used to harvest resources), along with minor slots for offensive, defensive, and supportive modules. Three resources are harvested per door opening and modules add to their production: Food for healing, leveling, and recruiting heroes, Industry for constructing modules, and Science for researching upgrades and resetting your party's ability cooldowns. A fourth resource, Dust, is much rarer and is used to power the crystal you are escorting, which in turn powers rooms for modules.Gameplay is both turn-based (new resources are harvested from when you open a door to a new room) and real-time (combat, movement, healing, etc.), keeping you constantly engaged despite the AI-controlled combat. The first few floors are simple enough to clear out but about halfway up you need to decide which is more important: risking your party's lives and possibly the crystal itself or running to the exit ASAP? Keeping a balanced party and wisely spending your resources will make or break your runs. Luck is always a factor but I felt that once I knew how to control the flow of spawns and properly construct defensive chokepoints that most of my losses were admittedly my own fault. This game rewards planning and strategy instead of demanding you get lucky unlike other recent Sci-fi rogue-likes (looking at you FTL & SotS: The Pit!).Newcomers will be overwhelmed and probably give up easily because the tutorial is terrible and most of the game's systems have to be studied on the wiki, even with the extensive tooltips in-game. Although it practically plays itself at times and still could use some polishing and TLC, Dungeon of the Endless is a very unique Rogue-like and is worth checking out for fans of the genre."
76561198022411663,Recommended,249050,8009873,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Jexx,Funn Factor for reals!
,Recommended,249050,9858887,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Zayyeh,Very very good game. Can't stop enjoying it. And waiting for more features to be added!
76561197975030744,Recommended,249050,9870278,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Malatesta,Recomend! but please give gnu/linux support
,Recommended,249050,23372456,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Runo,"hard, and challenging but is fun"
76561198034823728,Recommended,249050,8679161,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Franz von Klammer,swag
,Not Recommended,249050,16294153,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Meat Missile,"Ridiculously overrated, game constantly trips over itself and is poorly balanced, even when you win it still feels like pure luck."
,Not Recommended,249050,15787091,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,just name drop me at the pub aye,"The game is barely finished.The UI sucks and is cut together so bad that things overlap and are all over the screen, don't know how you could mess that up so bad with 2 or 3 drop-down interfaces.The tile sets, weapons, room layouts and monsters cannot be considered rouge-like or very 'random' given the small pool of the total assets. Honestly, there is about 30-ish items that can be had, it wouldn't have taken much to throw a few extra in there.Multiplayer is worthless, you cant co-ordinate in this game, it's not possible given the way mosters spawn... you either sit your 1 character in a room with a turret or just left click around following someone calling the shots - you can't control/micro your character in this game, so you get the idea: boring.The monsters and gameplay are not balanced and do not progress linearly. You either smash a game or are barely holding on... just not fun or thought out.It's an indie game, it's unique and the good kind of quirky, but this is one of those games that make me wish we were back in the days of polished $100 game releases."
,Recommended,249050,23226154,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Dampé,"I love this game, the characters, the story, the mixed gameplay, its amazing to me"
,Not Recommended,249050,29569840,Posted: 29 January,all,Neb's Brownsly,"this game has alot of good ideas executed well, could easily top the charts. if it werent for some game breaking bugs that ive encountered such as...-operators stuck in place and frozen animations if they do move-a massive difficulty spike when going from floor 11 to 12 (i had a good team with 500+ of each resource with multiple emergency generators and was absolutely destroyed after the 7th door opened on the floor by at least 60+ monsters which kicked by maxed upgraded modules like they werent there)-monsters spawning IN the gem room-health bar glitches (most of it being with the monsters you tame with the blonde girls active skill)and lastly, also my favorite-game crashing and losing all save data-2nd game crash however it restarted me back to the begining of the floor and upon opening my 2nd door was flooded by monsters and cost me a winning gamewith all that said this game is fun as hell and has the means to make ""AAA"" game companys rethink how they make games but these things i listed NEED to be fixed before ill give it a 10/10"
,Recommended,249050,31659311,Posted: 9 May,all,Oh No It's a BOO~ glar❤,"Growing Up SimulatorYou can fool yourself into thinking each character is a unique person. The truth is that you've been alone from the start. In the dark, there, you endlessly fight the darkness within. Sometimes you win. Other times, you lose a part of yourself. Eventually you stop paying attention to specific parts of you and focus on growing the cold-blooded personalities that you know will help you push forward. Depression and darkness seem to go hand in hand in today's culture. Likewise, there just never seems to be enough dust to power each light on your journey. You learn new things, weapons and tools, as you move on through. But will it be enough? The enemies grow stronger as you reach higher levels. Eventually, even you would succumb to the monsters of the dark. Forever in the dark, without a glimmer of light remaining.Oh and Multiplayer isn't bad but connectivity issues can occur more than wanted."
76561198018982137,Recommended,249050,9898177,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,NobleViking,Great game already. I can't wait to see what the finished product looks like!
,Recommended,249050,9903396,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Admiral Fox-Ferret,"Clever, engaging, and of course tons of fun. Normally when a game tries to combine too many elements/mechanics, you end up with a gelatinous blob of dysfunction and disappointment. DotE, however, delivers. The gameplay is seamless and well paced as to be exciting, but not overwhelming. An absolute gem, I cannot wait for further updates."
76561198060922064,Recommended,249050,12751791,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Zax101,Really fun but really hard to describe but it is really hard so yea have fun
76561197980925840,Recommended,249050,12738468,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,MineGuy,Very unique and original game.Takes everything good about the FTL series.Hidden gem for sure.
,Recommended,249050,19384485,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,TheBowWowers,.
76561197981414723,Recommended,249050,17604735,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Naskoni,"I'll keep it short:It's a great roguelike with RTS elements mixed with just a bit of tower defense. The game is part of a trio of games with consistent lore and as such makes for a great story that kept me quite interested and motivated to beat it beyond victory being an achievement in itself.I particularly liked the pixel-art visuals, the music and the silly (but not overdone) humor coupled with the ""right"" type of hard and challenging, but fun gameplay. You will lose and you will lose a lot but it will almost always be because of your own mistakes and not just RNG silliness. No two play-throughs will be the same thus making for a lot of replayability. As such the game, for me, was and still is great value.I can only recommend you give it a go, especially since the other games from the same company are pretty unique and deserve attention in their own right. I'd grade this game on the same level as FTL and that for me is saying a lot.Farewell and good luck getting to the surface, it will not be as easy as the difficulty setting names imply. Trust me."
76561198025148697,Not Recommended,249050,29491470,Posted: 25 January,all,oren_amsalem1,"This game is good, but the multiplayer is extremly buggy.. It is unbelievable! 20% of the games do not srart another 50% just dies and in 30% we died. Please fix the bugs in multiplayer."
,Recommended,249050,8566553,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,zenFish,"Fun game, I'm interested to see how it comes out in it's final form. Was a little different for the controls, but since gotten used to it."
76561197999768574,Recommended,249050,9689708,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Pipsissiwa,"Played this game at EGX Rezzed and fell in love with it. I'd already heard of it and was excited to see it in the Leftfield Collection, and on the stand next to mine!  I was given a personal tour on how to play and lots of good hints and tips too.As soon as I got home I bought the early access.   With elements of rogue-likes in the way the dungeon is generated and explored, and elements of tower defense gameplay as you create and place modules to defend your crystal until you find theexit, it offers great gameplay & beautiful visuals.  Highly recommended."
76561198062705608,Recommended,249050,9709507,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,YogiDestro,Was a fun little adventure and then the update hit and now it's a highly entertaining and addictive must play for nearly everyone.  Has restored my faith in early access games.
76561198094044875,Recommended,249050,9719412,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,The Lawnmower Man,"Just an awesome tower defense/Strategy game. Very well done, well worth the money, updated regularly."
,Recommended,249050,9746468,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Arguing With Thermometers,"Curses, another roguelike devourer of sparetime. And a very interesting one. DOTE does a great job of putting tower defense, action rpg and strategy together. As with all roguelike games, it takes a while to get the hang of it, but once you get a grip on things, it is great fun und a nice challenge. Get it!"
76561198058546592,Recommended,249050,9768598,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Xateris,"ERMAGERD. It's got amazing replayability, and with more being added, will be amaze"
76561198028160273,Recommended,249050,9776097,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Crunao,"Great game, spent hours and hours and still enjoying it!"
,Recommended,249050,9776562,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Temporal Distortion,"Note: Game still in Alpha, Founder pack ReviewThis game is very unforgiving and has a sharp learning curve. The tutorial is a brief 4 pages and leaves one a bit confused as to what exactly you should be doing, but the game can be summarised as:Open doors -> Power new rooms (middle mouse) -> Build supporting machines in new rooms -> Build defences (Think tower defence) -> Open more doors (Discovering new loot/Monsters/NPCs)Rinse and repeat, All the while looking for the elevator down.Note: Monsters can only spawn in ""dark/Unpowered"" rooms, even ones you've previously explored.Once you've found the elevator, if you're happy you're done with the floor you can pick up the power crystal from your ship and head down to the next level (This generally spawns a few monsters to oppose your hero as they try move the power source)The game uses various resources to research/upgrade your heroes and build defences/upgrades for roomsThere are a few features I eagerly await, including a more in depth research system.All in all, a good investment if you want a quick repeatable little game with a strong theme in a consistent loreverse"
,Recommended,249050,8045934,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Lodi Dodi,"Amazing game, just amazing. But i think multiplayer would be a very interesting idea for this game. Great job AMPLITUDE!"
,Recommended,249050,19207187,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,TSquared,"Dungeon of the Endless: A Beautiful, Interesting Journey into TediumThe game has many issues, but beneath them is a very interesting diamond in the rough. A Dungeon of the Endless 2 could be very cool, even something derivative of Dungeon of the Endless. If the game had more skill-based mechanics, a way to fight back during its arbitrary spikes of difficulty, and more variation in the dungeons, it would be fantastic. Someone please, learn from this game, and make a better rendition of it.Dungeon of the Endless makes a big attempt to do something cool with a lot of potential, and for this it deserves some praise. It also looks incredible. Sadly, the game grows shallow quickly, and leaves you ultimately dissatisfied.3 out of 5"
,Recommended,249050,18795966,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Cephalopodman,"From a brochure for the Drill Pod:You had a life before.Now, you have a dungeon!10/10 have written fanfiction"
,Not Recommended,249050,21743931,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,infinite,this game is good for a while but incredibly repetative and unrewardingmaybe im just awful but I encountered around 5-7 other characters while playing and didn't unlock a single onethe game is too punishing for anyone who wants to take it casually and has little reward for those who don'tif you're super into grindy dungeon crawlers with no progression then go ahead and buy this game
,Recommended,249050,11972153,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,labtob,Buy this game :)
,Recommended,249050,13037552,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,tubasteve,"Super addicting mix of TD, Hero combat, and real-time/turn based strategy. I just wish there were more stats you could view about your results on various ships and such."
76561197964473495,Recommended,249050,13152311,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Eddy,"nice game, but pretty hard at easy mode"
,Recommended,249050,10873366,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Slimytom,Best game 10/10
,Recommended,249050,13876325,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Dorffasaurus,My favorite pc game.
,Recommended,249050,8011179,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Rusty Door Hinge,DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE
76561198005584389,Recommended,249050,14044862,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Gryphon Actual[8thMB],"Floor 1: heh, this games easy,Floor 2: yawn, snooze festsFloor 3: hm, i guess i could of maximized my resources better, oh well,Floor 4: Damn I'm really need more stuff to buy these itemsFloor 5:♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Floor 6: WAIT HOW DID HE DIE?♥♥♥♥♥♥ANOTHER ONE DIED?!? AHHH THEY ARE DROPPING LIKE FLIES.Floor 7: My one crystal carrier is so ♥♥♥♥ed -.- why didnt i better manage my resources on level 3Overall: 7 out of 7 floors, would Try again!"
,Recommended,249050,12944603,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Jiko,So fun with friends!
,Not Recommended,249050,29415783,Posted: 21 January,all,Tillburg,"GLANCE RECOMMENDATION: 17% YES /83% NOGOODSome characters look neat and have fun, unique abilities.The game CAN be complex and interesting mechanic wise if it stops glitching.NEUTRALThere are some nice visuals in respects to characters but unfortunately the visuals are overall too muddled to make out what's happening most of the time. This really kills the visibility of the HUD which WILL get people killed.BADI was never able to keep a multiplayer game from crashing. This game has a 100% rate of crashing during the loading screen to new floors, where my party of 4 saw the second floor ONCE and that game it crashed on the 4th floor transition. We had everyone try to be the lobby leader once, where everyone encountered the same crash. Additional information: everyone had the updated Windows 10, on the same ISP, and stable connections.The difficulty curve feels like a turtle. One moment it's on its back helpless, then around floor 7 it flips itself over and sits on you. I can't believe how fast you get overwhelmed with so little resources to work with in each new floor. I'm still trying to comprehend why the last floor generated no dust after 6 doors, leaving me to rest on the laurels of my squisy party despite leveling and gearing them up the entire game. Overall the game's difficulty never felt good. It was either incredibly boring or just too difficult.SUMMARYI gave it a shot because it was a weekend deal at $3, but now I get to look at a dead game in my library that the developers have stopped supporting. In no way can I recommend a game that cannot stop crashing in multiplayer games and has the difficulty curve of a revolving door. It feels like a game that desperately needed more time debugging the online problems and the difficulty curve."
,Recommended,249050,19988302,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,MySte@m,nice ! cant stop playing lol
76561198104603840,Recommended,249050,24148825,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,DoubleChinLegion,"11/10, would waste life again."
,Recommended,249050,24172855,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Kosmikk,Good game.
,Recommended,249050,8693772,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,KatzSmile,That game as fun as FTL
,Recommended,249050,26031227,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Ballzack,"Brilliant, charming Rogue-like. I love it"
,Recommended,249050,24248204,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Para,Good Game
,Recommended,249050,8126562,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,M Sugs,Very good idea so far. Can't wait for the full game!
76561198098457791,Recommended,249050,15460365,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,good thing i have my die move,"Well I played nonstop for like 6 hours. This game is pretty sick. It reminds me a little of FTL in that you have to keep track of multiple characters in different rooms doing importantly different things. It's a cool mixture of tower defense and other strategy types with a challenging roguelike perma death system and random room layouts. Different characters have different strategic benefits, especially when it comes to their active and passive skills. It will take some experimentation to figure that out. The game is especially fun with a friend or two although in some ways even harder, because you have to communicate and manage resources smartly. This game is very addictive and worth buying for sure if it seems interesting to you."
76561198070967811,Recommended,249050,24266692,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,I am afraid,"oh boy. So much love and hard work was put into this game I don't really know where to begin.Lemme start with who I would recommend this game to, and a general description of what Dungeon of the Endless is.If you enjoy rougue-likes that are going to kick your♥♥♥♥♥for many hours, while also having the ability to maintain patience and learn game mechanics and strategies; you will enjoy this game without a doubt. (a small but helpful tutorial is implemented in the start menu)I would classify DOTE as a management resource based tower defense game with many random, special events thrown in; as well as quite a bit of RNG playing into the procedural generation aspect of it all. This game will ♥♥♥♥ you up without a doubt, but every time you play it, you learn something new; and may even unlock some new features for your next run.The game centers around opening doors in a sprawling Scifi-esque dungeon. With each door opened, you discover more of the 3 big resources in the game. They support the following and much more:-Increasing hero strength-Currency for turret placement-Currency for turret development (seperate)You will make some tough choices in your playthrough, you will lose your favorite hero and be forced to continue. Most of all, however, you will have a blast playing and hours will fly by.Without giving away too much information, I can tell you that the fine details in this game are increadible. Each hero has a personality of their own as well as a set of unique abilities and strengths that develop as you level them up. There are items in the world that can passively boost your hero, as well as shops to find if you have extra currency lying around.The music and room design for this game is very atmospheric. Like I said earlier, it's very evident the Devs for this game love it to pieces.Everything this game does, it does REALLY well; and if you feel like it might be for you I'd highly recommend picking it up at current price, even moreso on sale.Note: There is an online multiplayer function, but I have not used it. As the single player experience is more than enough for me."
76561198021702186,Recommended,249050,13219475,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,endoxa,
76561198045450988,Recommended,249050,20009677,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Bear,Brilliant.
,Recommended,249050,20010753,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,~~Glooptastic~~,In the words of a cheesy philosopher; Hours of endless fun!
76561198006194935,Recommended,249050,20510548,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Paragon,Pick it up. Play with friends.Have a great time. 10/10
,Recommended,249050,20935257,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Dunainq,"I was gonna be a colonist, you know, with research and settling. After a hundred or two planets and small satellites i decided that I had enough of that, but i had only one planet to colonize, so, uh, i packed up and flew at her. We crashed on this planet and fell straight into the dungeon.So... I just decided to go, um, you know, Full Master... Um, Dungeon Master, with a full dungeon on this planet... And, uh, it's going pretty well!Surviving is 300 FIDS. ♂But seriously, this game have a great gameplay, awesome ambient soundtrack, and very good pixel graphics.You should buy it, if you love dungeon-roguelikes (even if not)!"
76561198057860858,Recommended,249050,20682999,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,NarNar,Aazing wish i bought sooner
,Recommended,249050,8045234,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Rym'Ande Wintersong,Roguelike dungeon crawler + tower defence = AWESOME
,Not Recommended,249050,19814718,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,bonerwizard,game sucks
,Not Recommended,249050,24316746,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,SalamiBoi,"Fairly boring after the first few times. The 'random element' is less about replayability and more about ways to get ♥♥♥♥ed over and end your run without hope. I'm not that great at the game, but I haven't had the playtime to get good at the game. It's fairly boring, all you do is open doors and run around preparing for bad luck.Also, the multiplayer on this game is dead, making for a dull and frustrating experience. I wouldn't waste the money if I were you."
76561198199104043,Recommended,249050,26343317,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Aydin,rktrhgj
,Recommended,249050,29009915,Posted: 4 January,all,Mortymher,One of best rogue-like game I've ever played. I really like the design and atmospheric music. Its one of this games where you want to play only 5 more minutes and in the end you lose track of time completly.
76561198118889572,Recommended,249050,22785702,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Large Rodent,"It's different, fun, and challenging could play for hours on end! Only thing stopping me is the characters I start my run on..."
,Recommended,249050,13964333,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,CWKnight,Run to play this game. It's just... it's just awesome. It's like FTL meets tower defense meets an exploration-centric Rogue-like.
76561198035418464,Recommended,249050,30781570,Posted: 27 March,all,☣Lorenzo☣,"Pros:Randomly generated maps each levelMultiplayableDifferent character combinations greatly affect gameplayHidden sub-story if you have the correct charactersAble to research techCan level up your characters can equip themCons:I can't think of anyThis is a great game that is fun and relaxing erring on the cartoonish side of graphics. Able to be played singleplayer or with a friend (or 3) who can choose from a myriad of characters that can alter gameplay based off of selected characters. As to the difficulty, you start with two options; ""Too Easy"" and ""Easy"". Don't be disheartened however because even on ""Easy"" the mobs will quickly overrun you if you do not upgrade your turrets and level up your heroes. Great game, well worth it."
,Recommended,249050,16423707,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Sighouf,"Awesome game, 1 HUGE problem and that is if you have dual monitors the mouse doesnt get locked on screen and you keep minimizing the game. Until that is fixed the game is completely unplayable without disabling 1 monitor."
76561197993407943,Not Recommended,249050,22662061,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Bobson Dugnutt,"Pros: Really fun game, when it works.Cons: Cannot play multiplayer due to game constantly erasing save file."
76561198035645281,Recommended,249050,24421579,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Solid Snake,I still haven't beaten it!
,Recommended,249050,12907668,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,h2ocelot,The perfect genre mashup and another great hit from AMPLITUDE Studios.
76561198041739933,Recommended,249050,31258112,Posted: 20 April,all,Koevoet,"Awesome game! Great fun, unique and tough, love the atmosphere."
,Recommended,249050,31430309,Posted: 28 April,all,Mustang46Turbo,"I enjoyed this one quite a bit. Some strategy, enough replayability, fun music, perfect simplicity. If you liked FTL, you'll probably like this one too."
,Recommended,249050,31564392,Posted: 5 May,all,Confederate,"I'll keep it short and simple.After hours of playing this game to discover all of the characters and hidden secrets, I have really enjoyed Dungeon of the Endless. Not much of a story other than ""escape the death trap you've crashed into"" but there are character interactions and encounters that make for some funny moments. This game can also be fiendlishly difficult at times too and has a slighly steep learning curve when you first get started.Well worth the time and it is a game you can jump into and out of if you are short of that free time."
,Recommended,249050,16282705,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Royal Guard,Amazing game! Can't wait for more DLC and updates!
,Recommended,249050,13884704,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Nargacuga,"Dear Amplitude Studios, stop making good and solid games, my wallet doesn't like that.--In all seriousness though. This game is great. Every playable character is unique in both personality and abilities. The mix of tower defence, rogue-like and RPG elements is just great. On top of that, the game doesn't seem to have any problems running, I have yet to encounter any glitches or bugs during singleplayer! Amplitude Studios just does it again, they've made another solid game with very solid mechanics and gameplay. I'm very impressed, nearly no game has been this fun and challenging for me lately, yet this game just swoops me off my feet right off the bat! You can pick up the game at any time you want and it'll always be fun and unique no matter when you play it.Really, give this a try."
76561198013882931,Recommended,249050,16698221,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Cosmic Cake,like damn
76561198043806446,Recommended,249050,27183424,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Critical Hit!,"+A challenging game about carrying crystal to the end, earning resources to power up your crew and modules with intensive microing .+good soundtrack and graphic design.+Repetitive+Some camo appearance of few characters.+Random generated games- I've bought DLC for challenging gameplay, cannot access one of the DLC gamemodes until you get the hardest achievement which kills the meaning of DLC..-Equipment/accessories are abit limited.-laggy multiplayer8/10 Will play it again..."
,Recommended,249050,8022474,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Xiupan,The game is super fun already as it is! I can't wait to play around with the new features coming soon!
76561198071247852,Recommended,249050,8777695,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,#kony 2012 (hexblade),love it like ftl on crack
,Recommended,249050,15625004,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,plays.tv/Aanytime,"This game is great fun. The singleplayer can get very challenging but is still excellent fun, and the co-op is legendary - easy hours of great fun. I would recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,249050,12796551,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,matsuri1987,Great mesh-up roguelike. Very dynamic gameplay.
76561198121579586,Recommended,249050,13164227,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Omega Darkness,"cant get it too work whenever i load it, the game tell me there a problem and that windows is serching for a problem then the game closes"
76561198120830294,Recommended,249050,14172000,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Legendary Maid Minalinsky,play it its fun
76561198058459345,Recommended,249050,15606530,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Phoenix Wright,Fought my way to the 8th floor only for one of my characters to freak out and kill his teamate in the elevator.10/10 Would teamkill again
,Recommended,249050,15054314,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,bOneR bOOb,Gork is Gor. Gork rates ten outta ten -Gork 3
76561198091074317,Recommended,249050,15455427,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,[VIDC]Grizzlybaird,it says i have it in my library but wont play
76561198095319660,Recommended,249050,17938093,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,doglucky46,"It was fun till Floor 12, the game is simply rigged for player to fail.Way too many mobs (because they open doors by themselves in the back where player can't send any hero)"
76561198055788546,Recommended,249050,21487943,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Turnus,"Pretty bloody amazing, but very frustrating at the same time. Most of the time anything that goes wrong is your fault, so I can see how people slowly get better and better over time, learning how the game works by trial and error. It's a bit tough in the start, but once you start getting the hang of it the first few floors become much easier. I still havent finished a full run yet though... the next little learning curve is at around floor ten and up, where level four modules are sort of no longer enough to carry you through the game."
76561198012306419,Recommended,249050,20004699,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Applerust,First you nom nom then you pew pew pew pewpewwwww and gg.
,Recommended,249050,19438641,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Momoitin,"I promise that this game will satisfyeven the most deep door openingfetishes imaginable, it also gave mea chronic fear of doors... And what's behind them..."
,Recommended,249050,23149393,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Conner,Highly enjoyable. 8/10.
76561198250857604,Recommended,249050,25950379,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Microsoft Word,Dungeon of the Endless should be praised like god. It is a fun game and i recommend it to everyone!
76561197978157632,Recommended,249050,18828351,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Carnival,"Solid rogue-like / strategy / squad play!I've played 8 hours so far, but feel myself getting a bit bored with it.  The items and the levels do not quite feel random enough; every level plays like a slightly harder version of the level before it, but that's it.I've only been able to reliably beat it on ""Very easy"" mode, which makes it hard to unlock other game modes.  It's a bit silly to gate game mode unlocks behind objectives (e.g., research all level 1 modules)The stats on the items are all hard-set, so there's no randomness there.  You can find yourself in a dry spell of only crappier items or duplicatesI like the resource-based play, but I find the turrets (modules) are a bit lacking.  I find myself only using a few of the offensive turrets, and avoiding the defensive ones almost completely.  Maybe they have more use in other game modes.The graphics are amazing! There's a lot of attention to detail, the setting is engrossing.  You truly do feel the oppressive environment.  The characters are charming, but seeing TF2 heroes really breaks the immersion and I wish they had left them out.I'd recommend watching a ""Let's Play"" of the game before purchasing.  After 1-2 videos, you should have a good feel for your projected enjoyment of the game."
,Recommended,249050,9666952,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Demonbox,"Tower defense + (light) RPG + Rogue-like, yes it's an early access game, but already worth a try.Amplitude guys are really good at it, this game keeps delevoping, since I started playing it got: more ""heroes"" and the ability to pick the starting ones, more modules/weapons (some suggested by the comunity), more levels and now a pug trailer.So far I got to the 6th level of the randomly generated dungeon, this is not an easy game, being so random you can get crushed very early, but the game is not unfair.Is not the kind of game you spend hours long sessions (yet) on, but keeps luring you back.*woof woof*"
76561198117848282,Recommended,249050,25140629,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Omega,i enjoyed all of it
,Recommended,249050,20140380,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Avaliaus,"I absolutely love this game! The character design is sleek and beautiful, the enemies are creative, and the dialogue between your heroes are funny! Some (I want to say most) of the negative reviews are based on the difficulty of the game specifically, but this is not the kind of game that you can just press any button or use any unit and expect to win. You have to really think about what the stats of all of your mods and units before you place them and position them and go with the learning curve. It's harder to win when you use the same unit all of the time, so you have to switch things up and get creative. Just a few things that works is to take advantage of the tactical map went there are alot of enemies on the screen or when you are carrying crystal to the next floor, keep one defensive gunner unit to protect the crystal while the others explore, and don't waste power on rooms that doesnt lead to the exit or provide defense for the crystal. There are plenty of other ways that you can come up with to win. Once you get the hang of this game, you won't be able to stop playing! Totally recommend it!"
,Recommended,249050,26072763,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Alex Y,This is AWESOME.
,Not Recommended,249050,29879361,Posted: 12 February,all,LordBraxton,"I want to love this game. In fact, I do love this game, but it's an abusive relationship.If you enjoy singleplayer only games, I recommend this game, its beautiful, unique, and challenging.If you enjoy Multiplayer, ignore this game, because the multiplayer has always been broken, and the Devs abandoned it.This game should have been a cult classic, instead it will be forgotten."
,Recommended,249050,32782722,Posted: 25 June,all,Kys Tenum,Dungeon of the Endless is good I bought it for like 3$ ez def worth 10/10
,Recommended,249050,17165121,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Mute Nova,its extreamy fun and the art style is awesome. there arent many players but u still find games. its challenging and requires teamwork.         would buy it again            ps cant spell
76561197987176654,Recommended,249050,13777517,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,BlackLabel,I love this game.Pixelporn at its best.
,Recommended,249050,29389127,Posted: 20 January,all,OPPAI,Very Nice game!
,Recommended,249050,29388092,Posted: 20 January,all,notclickbait,u know dark soul?yeah... it sucks to die lv 1
76561198002730608,Recommended,249050,14211749,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,76 Trombones,"A lot of fun and challenging. A few quirks in multiplayer, making it much harder to divide resources and equipment between players. Looking forward to see how the game develops!"
76561198050791672,Not Recommended,249050,30719515,Posted: 24 March,all,POTATO GUN,bad
76561198021652387,Recommended,249050,23965748,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Jady,"good game, good beautiful retro style."
76561198072336810,Recommended,249050,8017978,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Trackelurium,"Early Access-version is fun and well worth the money. Great soundtrack, nice setting and a fun game to play. Good combination of rogue-like low-tech adventure game + tower defense. If they enrich the game with similar high-quality features this will be a indie-game-of-the-year-candidate.To be fair, the early-access-version is short - three levels and some finished the game in 30 minutes, I spent 2 hours figuring it out. Some seem to complain about the learning curve, as not everything is explained-as-to-a-child. If you are fine with ""learning-by-doing"", early access is for you!"
76561198046692023,Recommended,249050,18852912,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,joinsideke,I can't stand how much I like this game.
76561198141533110,Recommended,249050,18858140,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,greekmythsrule123,It's just.... Awesome.
,Recommended,249050,29424623,Posted: 22 January,all,DrSphinctanium,Well gd m8
76561197964120751,Recommended,249050,20141355,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Hyperlynx,"First things first: this game makes no attempt to teach you how to play, and is smug about it. It's actually not that complicated, so this is pretty inexcusable.However, after watching a very helpful youtube let's play explaining basic strategy[1], now that I know how the f this game even works, I'm having fun. Graphics and sound are great, gameplay is fun. The writing isn't very good, but I don't think English is the developers' first language so they get a pass.Not amazingly good, but nice. Thumbs up, on the balence.1:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MT8pHb1HyCo"
76561198054750621,Recommended,249050,26558278,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Mage-133,+rogue like+special tower defence+cool character+easy to play
76561198007026471,Recommended,249050,29694608,Posted: 4 February,all,Stiltskin,"Addictive, frustrating, difficult, superb.Recommended."
,Recommended,249050,26178561,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,HarB_INGer,"Woah, this game is SUPERB. Definietly recommend with a friend/s."
76561198028927197,Recommended,249050,26137178,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Tom,Fun
76561198213969683,Recommended,249050,33699166,Posted: 21 July,all,Someone,By far one of my favorite rogues
76561197998809331,Recommended,249050,32430545,Posted: 15 June,all,UNLIMITED POWA,I was thinking about getting this game for weeks and waiting for it to go on sale.I was watching all kinds of reviews and game play videos to find out what the appeal was because i couldn't see it.I eventually just bought it full price and its knocked FTL and Dungeon Warfare off the top spot.But like Dungeon Warfare/Gemcraft/Kingdom Rush it has no Global leader board that would be perfect for the endless mode.All the best games usually have something missing that would make them even better.Defense Grid its no endless mode.I'll even buy DLC that adds a Global leader board. Or endless mode to a game like Defense Grid that needs it.Whens the sequel because i'll be buying that first day.If you're even slightly interested in what you've heard about this game buy it.Its far better than any AAA title for a fraction of the price. Especially over the last few years. Doom was good and even that was cheaper than worse games.
,Recommended,249050,15492174,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Cavalyn,"Surprisingly more fun than it looks in the videos. I prefer it with friends to alone, but it's not too hard to micro solo either."
76561197973300271,Recommended,249050,9173900,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Ginseng Hitler Beepollen,"Still in the early stages of development but the quality is clear, this game is really challenging and likewise extremely rewarding, the music is great, the mechanics are refreshingly new and fun.  You require a lot of resource management and planning to stay ahead."
76561198157772293,Recommended,249050,26740687,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Communist Canada,"What a great game! If you dont like the pressure and confusion of the big strategy games like Hearts of Iron, Europa Universalis, Civilization V/VI, Endless Legend, and others, and just want a chill, relaxing strategy game to play with your friends (or singleplayer) then this definetely is the game for you! Simple to learn, a lifetime to master.I would easily give it a 9/10. I highly recommend this game!"
76561198027146222,Recommended,249050,19228848,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,rokus,"The furious clatter of the keyboard in the room behind me nearly drowned out the persisent hum of machinery, but it was better than listening to Nurse Deena yelling about everything.  When she was on task, she was very competent, which more than made up for any social shortcomings.  She was also an excellent shot.Somewhere ahead, deeper into the darkness, I was sure Mitzi was having a conversation with herself again.  She makes me a little nervous - I watched her tear apart monsters with her bare hands - but she's all we have. We lost Elise earlier.Elise was our lynchpin, and could hold a breach with her armor and weapons all by herself. The best we could tell, she detonated explosives in a room full of those highly volatile bloated creatures.  There wasn't much left to salvage.A flicker ahead was Mitzi in position. I took a deep breath, checking my weapon.""Ready here"", I exhaled. ""Open it"""
76561198081026804,Recommended,249050,24815184,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Broken Spectr,This game is awesome!
76561198015220651,Recommended,249050,24879761,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,meeelting,"This game is awesome. Deep, loads of content, challenging, creative. Made me feel like a kid again about a game ♥"
,Recommended,249050,24921443,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Marz,"I'd make a Dungeon of The Saltless pun my enitre review but saltless is the exact opposite of what you'll be when you play this game.In al seriousness, what can I say that hasn't already been said? Great visual art style with challenging tower defence like gameplay and a great soundtrack to accompany it with."
76561198099106430,Recommended,249050,24820518,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,blakethesnakeee,first hour was killer but after that i feel im bing poled in like its a drug i cant stop i need more more i say more give me more
,Recommended,249050,30050415,Posted: 19 February,all,enae,one time me and two friends played together and all of us got wiped except for 1 and they got new characters for us and we made it to about floor 7 before we got cocky with a really easy exitanyhow very reccomended you meet a big explody guy and he wipes you ez
,Recommended,249050,13991157,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Tadpole,"A ridiculously fun time warp, this is an addictive and rewarding game.  Masterfully developed."
,Recommended,249050,14122626,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Belnavar,"I'm surprised at how much I'm enjoying this game, despite the pixelated graphics (I'd really prefer they offer an improve graphics option for those who don't dig this old school style). It's quite unique, and quite addictive."
,Recommended,249050,29501856,Posted: 26 January,all,gdragonfang94,"Brutal and unforgiving, with humor and interesting charecters."
,Recommended,249050,14699053,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Motoshige,"Fantastic atmosphere, but as far as gameplay I can't suggest that you play this with friends enough."
,Recommended,249050,26020158,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Thot Slayer Leirach,Door opening simulator 20XX. (Amazing soundtrack)
76561198045504580,Recommended,249050,16285569,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,康杰LittlestK,There literally is endless adventure sorry not much time for this review too addicting and fun hehe..
76561197977097317,Recommended,249050,33167248,Posted: 2 July,all,Divine Chaos,"False advertising, I reached the end. 9/11"
76561198114092162,Recommended,249050,17666876,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Beau_Guerrier,who play this game right now ? i would like to play with some ppl :)
,Recommended,249050,26066496,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Draknar,"This game seems overwhelming from the description but its a fabulous puzzle game which I have not been able to put down. Great mechanics, great concept, and great game overall."
,Recommended,249050,28756658,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Barrfind V.,"The goal on each level is the same and It's to find the exit and transport a crystal to power the lift to the next level. Behind each door there might be a swarm of monsters or an artefact, a socket to build a factory, or one of a few other options, with the doors acting as tacit turns in the real-time action. Special ability recharges are based not on time passing, but doors opened.You are always pushed to move forwards, and never have quite enough supplies. Rooms have to be lit to prevent them from spawning monsters, but there’s no way to do so for more than a handful at a time. Now those powered rooms play host to tower defence action, where you build weapons and support structures to protect your team of two heroes.Every decision is a balancing act, from whether to leave heroes by the crystal to prevent enemy waves smashing it while you are at the other end of the map. To use a factory slot in a new room to build an industry generator for creating weapons, a science one for researching toys, or a food one for healing and recruiting.Etc. Perfect game for long gameplays."
76561198129101111,Recommended,249050,19332365,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,unknown.notregistered,"A good, challenging game.It can be a bit brutal if you overlook certain aspects - but its a good challenge in the right places I think."
,Recommended,249050,32929360,Posted: 28 June,all,Goyagma,Nice gaem
,Recommended,249050,29914143,Posted: 13 February,all,MaGicBush,"A fun dungeon crawler rogue-like game to play with some ""tower defense"" added in as a bonus. While I wont give it a perfect score, or even an above average score(to many bugs), I would still recommend it for the price. I have gotten many hours out of the game and still play it from time to time."
,Recommended,249050,20591999,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Gøbi (AWAY),fire-your-employees simulator <3
76561198035958262,Recommended,249050,28668450,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,[NPC] Jo-Jeff,It's hella good.
,Recommended,249050,33560393,Posted: 15 July,all,Moronic Idiot,"The way this game plays out is really cool and new. It plays partially as a turn based game and partially as a real time game. Part roguelike, part strategy, part tower defense. Immensely satisfying when you know what to do, but has a fairly steep learning curve and really lacks a middleground difficulty (very easy = easy mode, easy = hard mode). You're also really at the whim of RNG at times."
76561198166591387,Recommended,249050,22305076,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Orochi,"That's the kind of game that should be thrown at light speed right into the face of the people who said that great ideas can't beat fancy graphic and realistic animation. Dungeon of the endless is hard to define, a bit of tower defence, a bit of rogue like, a bit of strategical, probably one of the best games on steam with this price. Tip: play with friends 'cause it's more fun and 'cause servers are empty, also the long duration of a single game can brought to the disconnection of the host leaving you with a growing and unstoppable rage caused by hours lost... and that's unhealthy"
76561198041482511,Recommended,249050,26073732,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Bvlgari,"This game is truly a hidden gem.- Wonderfully crafted, haunting music- Vibrant yet retro graphics- Intuitive gameplay- Challenging yet not overwhelmingly difficult- Great atmosphere"
76561198000608773,Recommended,249050,26082062,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Fluff-E-Kitty,"Its not my type of game, and the controls are not what I thouhgt they would be. you click on things and the players do it, you do not control them.its interesting thouhgt."
,Recommended,249050,13189597,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,The Sausage,"I let my chef open the doors, so he died.The science guy cried while he was fixing the food machine.The floating crystals ate him too.No one cried for science guy, because they were all dead.10/10 would die again."
76561197998577922,Recommended,249050,19270253,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Gram (Dead),"Personally, I love puzzle/adventure games that present this dilemma: bail and leave with what you have, or inch just a little further and get a bit richer. Each step you take, you have to reevaulate if you can open one more room and still make it out alive. There are no save points, there are no do-overs, and sometimes pushing a little too far comes with a bleak ending. The game is extremely unforgiving when you first start, and can be wildly frustrating, but each time you play, you improve steadily. The game rewards you for quick thinking and picture big reasoning, without relying too heavily on cheap deaths. Don't get me wrong, it happens, but had you bailed from that floor earlier, it wouldn't have.I highly recommend this as a single player game, and you'll have a good time, surely."
76561197967508296,Recommended,249050,29051522,Posted: 5 January,all,FuZZyNut,"Depth in Simplicity.  A great game, good replayability."
,Recommended,249050,15454297,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Akyiarin,"I really like the overall play of this game, the content and general plot are great and it's pretty easy to get started."
,Recommended,249050,19658616,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,╬ Ƭhe Ɲoob Кing ╬,is gud 9/10
76561198017823031,Recommended,249050,18738354,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Mac Megafish,It made me buy a 50€ Emperor edition of Endless Legend to unlock one character that isn't even good.I have no regrets.
,Recommended,249050,19274256,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Chaplin Grimuldis,"First things first. I really like the company behind this game, I have already Endless Space, now Dungeon of The Endless, and will later this November sale will be getting Endless Legend. The science with each of the three games are mastered down to a key in my book.Ok now for the review of Dungeon, I'm still finding new things in game, while on top of that new updates that keep me coming back for more, and I HAVE YET to beat 15 floors in one run, but the best part that is me finding out the different tips and tricks that i've seen actually work more or less! The hereos are a fun mix of characters, meaning Loner types, Out Going Social types and so forth.I still cant believe of the time I'm writing this review I have 30 hours, it only feels like im at 5 still!"
,Recommended,249050,28862311,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,TheJotaku,Tons of fun but extremely glitchy.
,Recommended,249050,28856348,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Husky,"♥♥♥♥ing Amazing, Better than most games Ive Normally Played"
,Recommended,249050,28935764,Posted: 2 January,all,Psyche,Play endless.
,Recommended,249050,11379763,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,"Console.Write(""Amac1990\n"");",Fantastic game well thought out and executed. Dungeon of the endless is cleverly designed! =)
76561198026388619,Recommended,249050,25862091,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,rjj.*******,Great but very hard game
76561197971888354,Recommended,249050,26025963,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,TOPSPY007,i will stop playing when I finish the normal modeEDIT: Just finished refreezerator mode for the first time in 2 years. It was touch-and-go near the end when all the buffalos started bashing open other doors then an EMP event got triggered on my main killing room. I just let out a weak laugh of defeat but somehow lived through it. So much fun. Best single player game on steam.
,Recommended,249050,21134747,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Artur_G,"Dungeon of the Endless is a roguelike tower defense. You crash land a small party on an alien planet and have to fight your way to the top (or maybe it’s bottom, I’m a bit confused on that point.) Along the way you will open doors that will trigger waves of enemies to appear and try to destroy power crystal from your escape pod that you’re dragging along. When you finish off the attackers you prepare for the next wave by building resource generators and defense turrets, equipping heroes and researching new technologies. Then you open another door and rinse and repeat until you find the elevator going to the next floor or you die.From what I understand about game design Dungeon of the Endless has optimal tension curve. You have really exciting moments right after you open the door and periods of calm preparation between them. The tension rises during each level as you never have enough dust to power on all the rooms, as well as along the levels as difficulty increases and you meet more and tougher enemies.It’s really cool that it’s set in the same universe as other endless games. And even though personally I can’t recognize anything other than Food, Industry, Dust and Science I wish more games would do this.The pixel art used in Dungeon of the Endless is something that takes some getting used to and it can be sometimes hard in the heat of a battle to tell what kind of enemies you’re fightingDad rating: GoodEven though killing off the waves can take some time you can pause the game at any point. And save and quit between the waves.Contains pixelated monsters and some fighting, it’s a bit hard to say if kids will be scared.I recommend Dungeon of the Endless because it’s a game that I sit down to play for 20 minutes and find myself 3 hours after my bedtime trying to tear myself away from it."
76561198025422157,Recommended,249050,23763803,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,that guy,"Fantastic challenging mix of dungeon crawler, strategic gameplay, and other influences.  Fine tuned mechanics and so much fun!  Multiplayer is good, but requires knowing several other people that own the game, and is best with four people 10/10"
,Recommended,249050,23764911,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,PineAppler,"Great strategy game that really sucks you into it. It has hours of replayability and no two runs are the same. This game has a tons of different items to assist you on your runs, and you can unlock different runs with special restrictions and bonuses. Heck, I still have not beaten the whole thing yet."
,Recommended,249050,29465661,Posted: 24 January,all,Moon of Noon csgoroll.com,"This game teach me the real definition of ""easy""11/10would 4 doors every floor again"
,Recommended,249050,16265401,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Marcus Antonius,"It's a good game, but it needs Linux support."
76561198098414839,Not Recommended,249050,16728436,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,d_rape,If you like getting killed for seemingly no reason at all and for hours on end...this is the game for you. I have been duped three times now into buying Endless products. I don't think one of them is good enough to spend full price on. This one is no exception.
76561198050324090,Recommended,249050,19359368,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Cotton,
,Recommended,249050,19369463,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Larry1123,It's too easy!!!!Spent two hours on Too Easy just to get stopped to death with no hope to have lived.
,Recommended,249050,19380978,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Rismal [WIC],it's AWESOME!lovely graphic and challenging gameplay.
76561198023412575,Recommended,249050,8034700,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,kkdude,"This game is very, very early alpha (release 0.1. as of this review) but it is a very fun game, and if the developers keep to their promises, it will be truly amazing. As it is, while the game is fun, you will likely finish it for the first time within an hour, and if you are lucky with the random world generation, you could beat the game in under twenty minutes per playthrough.  For this reason, you have to really ask yourself if you are willing so spend the money on such a short experience or not. I do know that if the game develops the way that the creators say it will (basically just adding more characters, items and a longer story) it will be one of the best indie games on steam."
76561197992288442,Recommended,249050,15445924,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,ShadowNetBG,One of the comfiest games I've played in years.
76561198006358574,Recommended,249050,26101465,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Name Lips,"A fun game with more depth than it appears.I finally finished a game on Very Easy, and got a slew of achievements. One of them was ""win without pausing."" I didn't even know I COULD pause the game! Just so you know, you can hit space bar to pause at any time, and then spend resources to heal your heroes and activate abilities before unpausing.I'm not ready to try to win on Easy yet. Easy is hard."
76561198038469378,Not Recommended,249050,13611946,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,suppa,I wanted to like Dungeon of the Endless. I wanted to accept its quirky humor but it has too many bad design choices which unfairly punish the player.
76561197976327138,Recommended,249050,32379865,Posted: 12 June,all,becephalus,"I loved this game and had a lot of fun with it.  Not super happy with the direciton the updates went, and it is VERY hard.  But otherwise I strongly reccomend."
76561198005226856,Recommended,249050,11275827,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Novatech,"Fun little game, the multiplayer if done right will add tons of replayability."
76561198004778076,Recommended,249050,15447287,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Unic,"Great game. Starts a little boring, but if you have get some of the mechanics you will see there is a lot of strategic potential  in the game.At the beginning i thought this game can only won with luck. How much dust you earn, how the room map envelops and how much monsters are spawning.But on every fail i learned its not a thing of luck, it a thing of knowledge.Adaption is the key.In short its FTL in a dungeon, but with more strategic potential. You even dont need so much luck as in FTL.and its Multiplayer (most fun with friends)"
,Recommended,249050,16295784,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,ZombieTeam67,Its a fun game but it would be fun if there was some way to make it pvp or race to the top. But also its a great game really love it.
76561197993657854,Recommended,249050,18789610,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,neetneet,loves  heros of endless!
76561197994434154,Recommended,249050,12667716,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,TaKtLo$$,"One of my All-Time-Favorites (Singleplayer only) !! Awesome Game (Singleplayer only), if you like FTL you will like this :)  but if you want to play Multiplayer dont buy it yet until they fix it ! Multiplayer allways Crash and full of bugs. unplayableQuit + save is now in game+many bugs fixed, so i can enjoy it."
76561198013132245,Recommended,249050,19517002,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,huminado,"I'm not a rogue-like fan.  So take what I say with a grain of salt.Pros:- Decide what you want to build to boost science, production or food output- But there's a break-even cost associated depending on how many doors any level has- It's also possible to get infinite food and production with just the right technologies at an early enough level- The tower defense element of the game is a really great twist.- The story-line connection with other Endless games is compelling.Cons:- Even with maxed out characters all at level 15, by the 9th floor sometimes there just wasn't enough energy to light up rooms and it became impossible to defend the crystal.  This gave me the impression the game is purely luck of the draw - if you don't get good dice rolls, skill won't matter.- There are many red-herring technologies and part of the game is learning how the game will play at the higher floors.  The learning curve is a bit like a very enormous ""Simon"" memory game - repeat the buttons until your memorize them, only here you are memorizing the relevant technologies.- Almost won't play at all on my MacBook Pro - I have to back off the screen resolution or it's completely broken!So even though I feel I got my money's worth, and I might play more, I don't feel there's much redeeming value to the game.  It's a bit stupid that way.  I keep asking myself ""is this gameplay really very rewarding"" and often the answer is no - it feels like more of a grind.Nevertheless, I watch Amplitude's Unite 2014 video where they explain how they made the game and it was great food for thought.  It's a HORRIFYINGLY inefficent.  They show how they came up with shader solutions to some problems, and then neglected to use those same solutions for utilizing a perspective camera at long-range and instead opted for orthogonal.  So close - and they just gave up and shipped it with an orthogonal view.  This makes me cringe a little bit every time I play it - that there's so much being missed and potential the game had and it was lost.TL:DRIf you are only going to buy 1 rogue-like, this is not it."
,Recommended,249050,20070857,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Saladien,Great
,Recommended,249050,28545328,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,trojanwarlord,"Very Fun Tactical Challenging Hard-To-Win (although I don't play the easy stuff) game. I don't even like defense games, but this game is the exception. Pretty addictive game to run through time and time again.Do I need to review this game? No. the status-quo states that this game rocks, and I fully agree."
76561198029751280,Recommended,249050,34007932,Posted: 3 August,all,SoLiDSoNiC,i liked it
,Recommended,249050,13192617,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,davidincostamesa,
,Recommended,249050,18778740,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,UHR,"AWESOME, and then some!"
,Recommended,249050,20338219,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Cmac,Can't get past first mission - training pod. Easy difficulty.My friends and I are bad at this game.10/10
,Not Recommended,249050,21016354,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Orange Juice,"Well first things first before you just think I didn't like this game, allow me to explain.This game is actually really good. Strategic, Tower Defense, Rogue-like, etc.I really like this game! I've played it for around 19 hours and it's still pretty good.But... there is one thing.It can get boring.The gameplay is fun at first and for a couple of hours you'll be like ""Yes!"" or like ""Yeah! Finally completed a floor!"", but you'll be filled with boredom eventually because it's very repetitive. Play it for a few hours. Maybe you'll like it, or maybe you won'tThis is just my review of the game, so don't take this seriously. Or do. Whateves ;P"
,Recommended,249050,30243800,Posted: 28 February,all,Reductive_Stream,Its almost a perfect game.If you could respawn and if there were more multiplayer games avail this would be a perfect title. Its actually very well thought out and a ton of fun.
,Recommended,249050,17950774,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,[wotc] Nixx,"One of my most favorite games.  Very unique and love the concept.  Simple, pretty, with great functional design and love the music.Dungeon of the Endless is a mix between tower defense and hero wars type of a game.  Each door you unlock essentially ends your turn.  Rooms you have not powered, whether intentionally or unable, have a chance of spawning waves of monsters.  At this point, hope your defenses are good enough to beat back the hordes and your heroes are leveled up enough and equiped well enough to help.Part turn-based, part stradegy, I find this game to have a very refreshing asthetic.  Mixed with a reasonable price, why have you not purchased this already? ^-^Oh, you want to hear more?  Well, how about that this is a rogue-like.  No two games play the same, no two maps are the same.  Each time you play, it will be different.  Also, this game features a ton of unlockables, from ships which change your game type, to different chracters, of whom have different abilities, strengths and weaknesses.Multiplayer has always seemed to be pretty stable as well.  This also presents more challenges if you play with friends, as your resources are pooled.  How well will you be able to work together.  Can you make it to the final levels?  Maybe you just do not want to stop.  Try Endless mode for a really challenging experience!"
76561197962599660,Recommended,249050,35493121,Posted: 5 October,all,Lt Cmdr Dota,+
76561198041644725,Recommended,249050,25584423,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,76561198041644725,OPEN THE DOORPUT ON THE FLOOREVERYBODY GONNA DIE SOME MORE
,Not Recommended,249050,13278473,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,x2Madda,"A bad game that I want to recommend but just can't.DotE sits between two genres, RPG and Tower Defense and is pretty poor at both.The characters follow the Fire Emblem rules in that certain characters surviving splunks together will get a bonus and develop a personal story between them but death means dead, no reviving. The Tower Defense aspect comes from your need to keep your master crystal in one piece and failure to do so is game over.These are really cool features so how does the game fail at them?First of all the characters don't interact until every stage is finished so most of the time they are just characterless which is unfortante because they are really well animated and when they do engage in their stories they are interesting, so why are they so mute the rest of the time?They also die, very easily and very often and the game likes to mock you about this fact with ""let the tears flow"" which doesn't upset but rather what it does do is make me indifferent. Imagine if in Final Fantasy 7 when Cloud goes mental after falling into the Lifestream that the game just says 'Cloud is crazy, your heroes moved on'. Suddenly the whole impact of the gravity of the situation is gone which is what happens when I lose a hero. I don't care that I lost them because the game doesn't make me care.Characters level up, have stories, are unique and well drawn and yet that is where the RPG element ends. The characters are for the most part interchangable. Some operate modules and others can take or deal a lot of damage but other than that the characters lack any of the things that make Fire Emblem a joy to play which is a shame.So the other side of the coin is Tower Defense. As far as TD games go, you open doors and gain dust. Dust powers rooms which allow you to power turrets. If you lack the dust (and you will) then you will soon be fighting waves of monsters and you will wipe. To counter this you can build lots of Industry and research the ability to power rooms wih industry instead of dust, a feature which becomes almost mandatory as the game goes on. Researching however is completely random so you may get shafted and be faced with an unwinnable game, just because.Thankfuly however the game makes the chance of this occouring, very low but know that it can happen.As for difficulty you will hear the game is too hard but this stems from the fact that ""too easy"" means normal and ""easy"" means very hard. If you play this game, keep this in mind because you will die on easy often and when you go to the forum to complain about it, believe me they know already. Everyone does.The TD aspect suffers from being dragged down by the RPG side and the RPG side suffers from being a hollow, empty experince for the majority of the game that never improves for examplewhen (or if) you finally beat the game what is your reward? See that store page picture? No I am not joking. Not even a ""congratulations"", you just get a stock picture and that's it. I didn't even believe I had beaten the game at first; What happened after that good opening cinematic, did the budget run out? Or did they not expect anyone to beat the game? I mentioned before how the game made me not care about the heroes and the ending just reinforces how lazy the RPG element is. The story doesn't even have a proper ending, not even a line of dialogue to let you know what our heroes did next, nothing.The music, the sounds, the art? All fantastic! But the gameplay is not good and that is a huge letdown because you really want to enjoy the game and you want to care about the world going on and the lore but each run is about as disjointed from the characters as you can get, the TD element is pretty badly done with nothing learned from fantastic TD games like Orcs must die and it just creates a really disappointing, mediocre game that you really wish was better.The netcode is great when it works but if you lose connection their is no re-join option and you can't pause/save a MP game so I hope you have a few hours to spare. This is also a game that suffers from making you go to a wiki to learn what things do and just add to the things that detract from what would otherwise be a fantastic game.Maybe future patches can help the game out because it does so muchrightthat the things it does wrong are noticable like a beautiful person with a giant metal nose. You might admire the beauty but you can't ignore the nose either.Join Grumpy reviews for all your gaming needshttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/grumpyreviews"
76561197963550765,Not Recommended,249050,22328753,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,hangfire,"Constant disconnections in multiplayer, and no way to save it means you'll never get past level 2 in co-op."
,Not Recommended,249050,9062490,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,cirdroeL,"Until this game is finished, I don't recommend playing it unless you can get it for DIRT CHEAP. The game itself is fairly interesting but missing most of the elements or mechanics that seem to be expected in providing interesting balance and whatnot. I'm not saying it's impossible to win, it's not... it's actually incredibly easy to finish a game (which is currently locked at I think 5 stages) but my problem is that it's too damn easy, there just aren't enough variables on both sides to provide a compelling and replayable game without using the same or similar builds you previously used that worked.So far it's barely worth a 2/5 and I would even go as low as 1/5 except it works well enough to allow you to get an idea of what they were invisioning, their goal is certainly not 'ambitious' regardless of what bs the company might be playing up for marketing purposes but it has potential to carve up a nice niche genre slice all of it's own.Combat is a solid 2/5 and IF it ever gets finished and continues at it's current pace will probably manage a 4/5.Exploration is a sad 1/5 as since an entire ♥♥♥♥ing mechanic (research tree) is missing, you have to rely on random drops to learn new tech which can be a significant burden on resources leading to a no win situation.Role Play is unfortunately a 1/5 as well since it seems that most if not almost all of the features they have yet to actually implement have been thought of for the current balancing and so there are times where you are either TOO powerful and just steam roll everything or you are pathetically weak and can't go any further without some serious resource spending (if you have any to spare/spend).Tower/Base building is 2/5 mainly due to my previous complaints (it feels like a good deal of the balancing is based on elements that have yet to actually be developed and/or released).I do like where the game is going and I really hope it is up to the same quality as Endless Space, since Dungeon of the Endless really does take most of it's ideas and naming conventions from it's parent game. I do also like just how much of a rehash this game has on several done to death genres like Tower Defence and Dungeon Crawl (Games that inspired Legend of Grimrock) scenarios without actually being an outright clone or 'spiritual successor' (Bioware, Dragon Age is not the 'spiritual successor' to anything except EA financier's bloated bank accounts... STOP MILKING IT) but I'm seriously concerned that we're going to see what has already been done to successful game IPs turning into mediocre or worse sequels and threequels."
76561198116231031,Not Recommended,249050,9411503,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Bot Elliot,THis games sucks i looked awesome at first then after a while it felt like i was doing the same thing again and again most of the time it would just crash and not start for days
76561198023245907,Not Recommended,249050,8562351,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Faya AOP,"At the moment its a 3 level demo and it seems development is rather slow.It could be an interesting game.,.if it sees any updates."
76561198004372634,Not Recommended,249050,22808231,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,sh0ck-wave,"Had been watching this game on the store for ages, and gave in when it was on special and also picked up a DLC pack.What the movies and info doesn't tell you is that the game is effectively a simple clicky game with little to no strategy.It fulfills all the niche 'hip' cliche's from a couple years ago : 8 bit GFX, rogue-like, random, progressive, blah blah blah.But in the end all your doing is exactly the same thing for 12 missions to unlock another ship to do exactly the same thing over and over again.I play Warframe .. I know ALL ABOUT doing the same thing over and over again and really enjoying it.But this really missed the mark with me.My beef's are :1. The game takes a LONG time to play. Nothing is done quickly, and there is very little excitement after the first few rooms you unlock.2. The 'unique characters' really don't have much differences to them. Sure this woman runs a bit faster and this guy has a different gun. But they're all much of a much-ness.3. The weapons available to you are very thin with a clear progression. There's no 'fun' in the armory. Sure there's some gags and what not but after you've read them you don't really care. I was expecting real choices between items : eg. pick this one for an obscure boost over a certain gain with this item.4. The interactions between the characters are so few and far between, and really amount to nothing. With such an advertised diversity I was expecting them to have a bit more personality but it's all just 'the first guy has an extra +1 gun skill, the second guy runs a little bit faster, the third guy does something else, etc'.5. There is very little replay value. I got to level 11 on my first go, and then got bored and started watching TV so one of my guys died, and after that it was useless to try to continue. It wasn't a challange, it was just pointless.6. It's not worth $12 (US) .. I bought this on special and honestly I've played games for 99c a hell of a lot more and had a ton more fun. Even at half price I feel like I should have thrown it back to Steam for a refund. But I bought it and played it and will give the dev's their dew and money for it.Overall, do your research before buying. It wasn't my cup of tea even though it really looked like it would be.If you're unsure just buy TeleGlitch and have some fun with that because it kinda does everything this game say's it does  but does it in a way that's actually fun. Even Chainsaw Warrior is better even though it's massively simpler and about 99% less involved.Underwhelming and over rated.Sorry guys. But hey at least your marketing strategy worked."
76561198078089384,Not Recommended,249050,20514040,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,EH,"I wanted to like this game. Too bad. The 8-bit aesthetics just kill it for me. If it were merely decorative, it would hardly matter, but it's not. The low-res graphics are actively confusing during combat, particularly in the frenetic crystal-moving phase of the game. Whatever the other merits of this game are, having an ugly and active hindrance is too much to take. Uninstalling and leaving it that way."
,Not Recommended,249050,14228754,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Alturrang,"I want to like this game, I really do. The concept and gameplay are good, it's fun, etc.But why, for the love of God, is there no autosave after each level. The number of times this game has crashed when I'm around 10 floors up is too damn high."
,Not Recommended,249050,26279661,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,pandres,Only a masochistic impulse keeps me trying to win this shallow game.
,Not Recommended,249050,29401656,Posted: 21 January,all,Noriaki,Simply nope. Another pixel game that hides shallow balancing and pacing behind pretty graphics and music.
76561197982012366,Not Recommended,249050,15814775,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,PsycoHayko,Tower defense/dungeon crawler which is too difficult and not very fun. I perosnally did not gain any pleasure from this game.
,Not Recommended,249050,19192250,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,ruler,"This game has taught me something: you can't just buy something that has all the genres you enjoy.Simply put, this game is a mess. The gameplay is an incoherent mix of mechanics that seems to have been just haphazardly thrown together. There is no aesthetic style or substance here: characters shamelessly lifted from Team Fortress 2, pixelated graphics just pixelated for the sake of it, fonts and interface that doesn't fit the pixelated style, and on top of it all the visual design makes it very difficult to tell what's actually going on in the game itself."
76561198061910271,Recommended,249050,12822007,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,AboveALLskillz,"THis game need to fix mulitplayer, im having problem loading in games.Someone need to do something about it, over all this game is really fun."
,Not Recommended,249050,19398610,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,eXile,"Actual name of the game is Detach Crystal: Get Overrun and Die.Music is annoying. Gameplay is slow as hell. Nothing you do is actually satisfying. Nothing is explained; the game even says you'll learn stuff as you die. Resources are so strictly limited and based on a guessing game it's pointless to try to plan anything.Oh, and based on the limited options available at the start of a run, you still die even if every room is packed with turrets. Good luck running your slow carrier through rooms infested with monsters practicaly immune to the only defense you have available. Can't even move power during the final sequence so the whole ""tactics"" bit they advertise is a load of horse poop.Game is crap. Save your money."
76561198022266051,Not Recommended,249050,14686726,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,OakenPants,"Has promise, but is frustrating for new players.Right off the bat, I didn't appreciate the 'humor' in the ""Too Easy"" and ""Easy"" difficulty settings.  I say to myself,""I always play Normal or Medium difficulty in games, so Normal / Medium must unlock after you complete the game on Easy!  So I'll play on Easy!""Uh, no.  After seven frustrating attempts later, I almost give up entirely and uninstall the game... ""Easy"" is the developers joke.  The difficulty levels are actually ""Normal"" and ""Hard"".  <sarcasm>Very funny.</sarcasm>Not a good introduction to a game.So in one last attempt to at least experience the game and give it a fair shot, I played the game on ""Very Easy"".  And what do you know, I survived a level and could actually start to understand how to play the game.Which leads me to my second frustration with the game... it doesn't really teach you things.  You kinda have to ""learn by dieing"".  I somehow managed to complete my escape from the dungeon, but barely.  It wasn't until late in the game (last level maybe) did I learn that I could (and had to) manually equip items on my characters.  And it wasn't until late in the game (about level 9) when I learned you had to manually specify your characters skills.This game is just not for me.The Good:+ Seems to have a lot going for it+ I could definitely see this as fun (with some tweaks, imo)+ Nice challenge and it does involve strategyThe Eh:~ Tower Defense?   Eh, I can kinda see what people mean by that, but it doesn't strike me as a Tower Defense at all.The Bad:- Retro graphics fit some games.  Not this one.  Way too much going on for me toseewhat is going on.  What a mess.- Mislabled ""Very Easy"" and ""Easy"" difficulty levels as a joke (I have to assume) is not appreciated.- Dieing a lot is not fun. (Not to me anyway.  Ymmv.)I can see why people like it, but I experienced too many ""turn offs"" for me.  Eh.  6 out 10.I'd like to give it a ""Neutral"" rating...but can't."
,Not Recommended,249050,22792927,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Timonna,fix the memoryLeak (resolution) for old mac os x.
,Not Recommended,249050,15808144,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,HunBroader,"I really want to like this game, but I can't. It's so simple and has 0 challenge on normal mode I just quit playing with it after the 11th floor. In the beginning I died a lot and had no clue how to survive, but a couple of tries taught me everything. I guess. Anyways, too simple, repeating and boring."
76561198097167389,Recommended,249050,19063964,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,toumie2,"This game is a game when nuclear throne,the binding of issac rebirth, and any tower defense stradegy supplie game, had a babyThis game truly defines what it means to be cooperative,play like a professional, and on top of all enjoy!Iwould defenently recommend this game facing the fact its only 12 bucks like cmon.12/10 this game is as dank as my kush"
,Not Recommended,249050,24918537,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,kronikarz,"The game is not bad. I just can't recommend it. It's not for me - it has very little sense of progression (each floor floor only last a few minutes), and each one of the quite limited pool of choices feels both inevitable and bad."
76561198075138125,Not Recommended,249050,29389934,Posted: 20 January,all,Redeemed,"Interesting concept and unique gameplay, but overall a disappointment.-Graphics are awful on large monitors-Turn-based + action gameplay fails as most others do-Boring, repetitive action (open door, gather at choke-point, kill baddies)-Since you usually all gather in one room, you cannot actually see anything because too much is going on in one place, just a bunch of flashes with hero/enemy health slowly dropping-Zero story/shallow plot/nothing to the characters other than a short bio"
76561198026732155,Not Recommended,249050,29493885,Posted: 25 January,all,ALargeSalami,"I want to like this game, but it seems incredibly poorly executed.When I play something that advertises as ""rogue-like"" I expect a difficult game, but one that gives you enough information & options to succeed if you're careful and willing to die a few times. (The Dwarf fortess style of FUN)This game gives you the first (difficulty), but fails miserably at the second (tools to succeed).-You cannot examine enemies to identify which ones have the most HP, DPS, DEF, etc.-You cannot see any debuffs that they have cast on your character, instead you have to watch your stats to make sure you dont have a triple stacked DPS debuff on you.-You are given no information as to whether certain buffs/debuffs stack and to what extent they do so.-In the late game you simply have no idea how many monsters are in a mob, because they all overlap and noclip through each other. Making strategic decisions is pretty difficult when 10 monsters looks identical to 20.-You cannot examine your modules to see any of their stats, and have no way of identifying their HP, DEF, and the status of any Buff/Debuff on them.-You cannot control the positioning of your heros in a room, which is important for AI targetting & trying to establish a backline-You cannot chose your hero's targets, they shoot at whatever the ♥♥♥♥ they feel like shooting. You can't even set them to prioritize certain types of enemies-You cannot choose which unequipped items you want to put in your backpack (to keep) and which you want to put in the inventory (lost at the end of the level). You have to♥♥♥♥♥♥around with equipping and unequipping stuff to try to get it to put the right one in there, and it isn't always possible.As it stands it feels like an RNJesus crapshoot."
,Not Recommended,249050,26094837,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,subhazard,"If you hate FTL, you'll hate this.Sure, there's skill involved, but a pretty frequent amount of times, it doesn't matter how much skill you have because the game will ♥♥♥♥ you over with RNG anyways.And I'm not casual.  I just don't like RNG reliant roguelikes. RNG can be fun, but if winning relies on the map generator being generous, then it's stupid and frustrating.You don't control any units in this game, you just tell them where to go and they attack what they want, so you can't compensate for bad RNG with skill.Very frustrating."
,Recommended,249050,12700946,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Naydien,This game activates the pleasure center of my brain.
76561198070959703,Recommended,249050,32259758,Posted: 7 June,all,rednaz,This game is very hard.
76561198079437776,Recommended,249050,28087834,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Blueberry... Man?,Like Skyrim with guns.
,Recommended,249050,24437008,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,K,Very Good. Very..very good.
,Recommended,249050,22036632,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Lith,"Like Pugs?Like Wierd Monsters?Like Random Events?Like ""Easy"" being extremely difficult?Like ""Heros""?Get the ♥♥♥♥ing game already. You dont need me to explain it."
,Recommended,249050,12708337,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,DramaLama,"Interesting mix. Sometimes it feels a little unbalanced, but it's still a ton of fun!"
,Recommended,249050,12702839,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Jengus,A freaking amazing addictingly fun game with a challenge that keeps you coming back for more.Mixed genre of Tower defence with a touch of an Rpg element to it!8.5/10
76561197979934786,Not Recommended,249050,16303047,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Veiakas,"Biggest disappointment EVER! I am not one to usually cry about these things, but this game SUCKS! DO NOT EVER BUY THIS WAST OF TIME. It's a WoW Clone. Absolute Crap. So angry about my lost money. Will try to get a refund."
,Recommended,249050,26401426,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Splac,"the word endless gives me anxiety, still, learned to like the game alot."
,Not Recommended,249050,19671082,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,5 Bears On Patrol,More AMPLITUDE garbage.
,Recommended,249050,13432734,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,a Level 3 Mage,gud gem i giv dums up +
76561198041297230,Not Recommended,249050,29554276,Posted: 28 January,all,Kratos,Terrible controls and very boring
,Recommended,249050,21706016,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,[LST] Fighter5810,Find some friends to play this with and youll have a good time
76561198070749022,Not Recommended,249050,16998060,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Blukoi,not my type of game apperantly. How do i get refunds?
76561198026394897,Not Recommended,249050,14523079,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,hulaboy616,hope it gets better
76561197995935136,Not Recommended,249050,14443898,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Greg Bahm,"This game could have been better better.It has all the components of a great game, but the mechanics just don't come together. A little luck can take you farther than a lot of strategy, which makes the game feel shallow."
76561198003546259,Not Recommended,249050,13491205,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Gaben Jnr,"dont buy , MP Doesnt work unless you are gaben"
,Recommended,249050,12678546,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Oldman Jenkins,"What to expect in this game:DeathMore Death.Derrrrrr... um.......... ddied?pfffft... your going to die, just deal with it"
76561198149518697,Recommended,249050,16259814,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,nathanthelemon2,"it is a fun game and i was soooooo exited for it. when i got it it really wasnt at all what i expected. its fun but i mean it really  needs more of a rpg aspect to it. its fun but when i got it i wasnt really lokking for a puzzle/ action game but more for a hotline miami 2 feel. its ok, but i dont reccamend it if you dont like strategy and puzzle with your action games."
,Not Recommended,249050,14292419,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Rico,"Dungeon Of The Endless is one of those games that tries to blend too many genres and fails. I purchased it for myself and my wife since it seemed to be an RPG of sorts, with a blend of tower defense. From all the videos we could see, you actually controlled one character.In reality, you don't really control characters so much as you direct them into ""rooms"", an action that not only is not super fun, but also feels incredibly clumsy and unrewarding. There is very little in terms of ""micro"" strategy in the game, as your position in combat barely seems like it matters. Building things is also not exactly fun.In general, there's just something missing for us in this game. It is overall just not a very satisfying experience to play. I did my best to get my wife to give it a chance, as she usually loves these types of games. Sadly, this game was the first time I've seen her quit out of a game in less than an hour. She *really* hated it and was dissapointed that it was not as it seemed.So I guess, maybe check this out if you're interested in the weird gameplay experiment they attempted. It really just didn't strike a chord with me or my wife. I suggest watching a ton of youtube let's play videos before you purchase this, it is definitely not for everyone."
,Not Recommended,249050,23388022,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Maelstrom,"Hard as hell even on ""Easy"" for all the wrong reasons.  The tutorail is awful and nothing is explained well in-game.  Don't expect to get anywhere without having the wiki open on a 2nd monitor or alt-tabbing all the time.If you can get past all that, it's actually a pretty good game, but even so the RNG can literally give you unwinnable levels, especially on the first or second floor where it's entirely possible to have the exit spawn so far away you can't create a safe path to it and your heroes aren't leveled up enough to deal with the constant waves.If you're a big roguelike fan, I think you should pick this up.  But if not I can't really recommend this game in its current state."
76561197983622462,Not Recommended,249050,26462439,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Mid-Western Witch Hunt,good luck if you want to play multiplayer.. game is dead. shame too.. it was a really good game.
,Recommended,249050,19395890,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Gintsama,Good game
,Recommended,249050,12750401,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,#1!,"A fantastic game, though a bit frustrating until you figure out the rhythm. It's semi turn-based (like you don't gain resources and enemies won't spawn until you open doors), but then the combat and movement is all in real time. The multiplayer takes a hell of a lot of teamwork and communication if you want to make it very far at all.The artstyle is phenomenal, with a very pixelized, yet incredibly attractive feel. Everything is easy to see, while not feeling too contrasting.Highly recommend this to people looking for a different and difficult kind of game."
,Not Recommended,249050,19469903,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Weisskaiser,"Not a bad game, but its flaws- Namely, that games drag on for far too long, that it's far too repetitive, and that it leaves far too much (even for a roguelike) up to chance- Outweigh its good points far too much."
76561198025772211,Recommended,249050,23775007,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Monkeybone,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,249050,9787045,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,EXoCiDe🌼,Quite possibly one of the best games I've ever played... and it is still in early access. This game is open-ended with tactical gameplay and is very addictive. I look forward to seeing what else this game will have to offer and would recommend it to anyone as being a great value at 10-15 dollars.
,Recommended,249050,12181714,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Arsène Lupin III (ggg),"An honest to god 9/10 game. Played and loved it so much I went ahead and sold some pixels for Steam Credits™ for the Founder's pack.Pros-Beautiful artstyle-Unforgiving-Easy to learn and use interface-Gameplay that is actually fun-A tower defense mechanic that isn't just tacked on but serves a purpose-Characters are all individual in their abilities and not copy pasted-Gameplay encourages exploration of a levelCons-A recent update made it so that the merchants will often take resources as payment rather than the dust. This update also lowered the amount of dust found on a level. Because of that the ability to gain resources has been stunted because by the second floor you can't have enough of any one resource due to you not being able to actually place any form of harvester-*The skill sheets in the drop down box will often bug and do the opposite of what you want it to do.(If you want to use the skill then it will sometimes drop down the box and if you want the box it will drop down the skill)* (This could be fixed by moving the skill box lower below the activateable skills and by allowing the player to change the opacity of it.)-*A recent update replaced the hero texture on the right side with close ups of the hero's face, it bugs me personally but doesn't detract from gameplay*-At the last door all non lit rooms will spawn monsters and they will come and come and come. 9 times out of 10 for me this ends in my death. I don't want to see this removed but I would like to see more dust dropped per level.(** are minor complaints, not hugely problematic but an annoyance for me)Like i said, a good 9/10. Even with the few flaws the game is one that I sometimes find hard to put down.Great job lads."
76561198035831051,Not Recommended,249050,19660280,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,J. Spobius,i alwass want to play with my freineds but i CANT because every FLOOR  everyon disconnnects so i give this game...a thumbs down
76561198031656212,Not Recommended,249050,19539072,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Overkill.,... i cant grind ... game decent but i dont like the fact that i have limited resource without ability to gain more. i thought i would have a pass button to build up resource but instead i have to open door to get to the next stage. which how i gain resource.
76561198047620856,Recommended,249050,12975925,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Dj Roka The Fox,"I bought this game while on early access and i was surprised at the frequency of updates i recieved from it! it updated at a faster rate than starbound (then again what game DOESNT update more than starbound?) and within days after buying it, i already started to see results. for a quick TLDR on the game....:You control a team of inmates, guards, and crewmen that were held within the prison ship entering the orbit of a planet lost to the ages. Unfortunately for everyone on board, the orbital defense systems from the ancient race of aliens came to life and blew the prison ship to bits. one escape pod was shot during the chaos. This is where you come in.Every dungeon is randomized and you will get a diffferent play through every time which keeps the game fresh and appealing. Probably the coolest thing about the game is that every character in the game (idk about the special ones from the packs) has interactions with other characters. You will know when you find this interaction when the two begin having conversations on the elevator ride to the next floor complete with yellow text and special dialogue. Survive three floors and you get to hear the whole story between the two PLUS they usually buff each other.Only downside to the game is the multiplayer. Be sure to grab some friends for this one or get alot of single player experience under your belt since i've noticed alot of skilled players handing out rolls and such. make sure you have a basic idea of the game or play with a group of friends for the best possible experience. ALSO and i CANNOT stress this enough: expect your multiplayer game to possibly cut out on you if you get a slight connection disruption. the Servers for the game are still in early stages so it's to be expect. Just be patient with it as the team behind the game fixes problems and glitches very fast.PROS:-Fantastic art-Very immersive sountrack-A new level of depth and strategy from the tower defense combined with the rpg items-Enjoyable characters with their own unique stories and personalities. my favorite story between two characters is title ""Downfall""! up to you to find who has that story -.o-action packed wave defenses that will leave you holding your breath in the later floors-excellent difficulty scaling. if you thought floor one was bad.....heh just make it to the last one and prepare to cry!-very fluid animations for a 2d pixal art gameCONS:-the game is in a league of its own thus creating a high learning curve. Stick with the game and it will come to you with practice-multiplayer service disruptions (this is planned by G2G to be fixed with time)The fox fur's over all score of the game?a very well earned 9/10when they fix those service disruptions, this game will be on my top played list. only reason i havent put more time into this game is that having a job kills alot of that time!~Roka~"
76561198006986577,Recommended,249050,31515976,Posted: 2 May,all,DragonElderX9,"Part tower defense, part action-adventure, all fun.  A pretty unique concept:  You need to find materials and the exit on each floor, but every room you venture into makes it harder and harder.  Another Amplitute homerun.  However, the multiplayer is pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥(unfortunately like all of their games) and trying to load a save never works for us, so we're forced to try and make it all the way down in one go...not happening."
,Not Recommended,249050,21593308,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,jft135,"Meh.Graphics aren't great, which is forgiveable for an indy game.  Unfortunately gameplay isn't very good either."
76561197960839424,Not Recommended,249050,15559128,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,rising-ns,"I'm really not sure what this game is supposed to be, perhaps some sort of Kobayashi Maru test for gamers?  Supposedly there are multiple levels of the game but I have been unable to verify that.  Calling the game 'Rogue-like' is a really poor choice of labels because 'Rogue-like' games are supposed to have an element of chance that directly affects how far you get in the game.  This game has no elements of chance and the same mechanic plays out over and over again:  You play for 6 minutes, the game throws an infinite stream of monsters at you and then you die.It's boring.  Avoid."
,Recommended,249050,13114294,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Unicorn Wizard,Much fun.Such dungeon.Wow.
76561198136445796,Recommended,249050,31304107,Posted: 22 April,all,Permaspark,its k
,Not Recommended,249050,22315873,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Ferrom,I would not recommend this game at the current state. A lot of game breaking bugs which leads to the death of your charakter or the end of the round. Maybe I will try this again after a few more patches.
76561198144322441,Recommended,249050,28623286,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,h e l p   m e,"Spaceship crashed, dungon crawler RPG through 12 floors. *pschaw* I got thisFloor 1Open a doorImmediatley attackedDiesMmmkay let's try this againFloor 1Puts down a generatorGenerator gets attackedNo more foodDiesWow. Okay.Checks YouTube.*Feelin confident*Floor 1Destroys Floor 1Floor 2How many doors are there...Finds exitPicks up crystalMonsters swarm crystal carrier who is slow afDies*omg...*(14 Hours Later...)New Game, Floor 8*these monsters are easy when you have all the cool tech I do**thinks is a pro*Random EMP pulse disables modules for 3 turns*♥♥♥♥ING HELL*Opens door deep in an unlit areaZerg rush my broke defensesStrategy completely ruined(X has been killed. Let the tears flow)(Y has been killed. Let the tears flow)(Z has been killed. Let the tears flow)Dies100/10 would play this game again"
,Not Recommended,249050,23916437,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,General Cuckster,"Recent purchase, new to the game.It's fun, but when the game crashes (or locks up) you're forced to start from the beginning, which is a serious pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Even if you've saved and quit once before, if your game doesn't save and exit properly you're ♥♥♥♥ed out of your progress. It's not a dealbreaker, but it makes me stop playing the game after it happens and not want to start again for a long time. I won't recomend this game until they figure a way to fix that, especially when the hallmark of the game is ""this is endless, see how far you can go."""
,Recommended,249050,15406723,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Willy Wonkas Tiny Orange Freaks,"Dungeon of th endless is an indie game that is worth a damn. The game is a strange rouge-like, tower defence, exploration hybrid that is set in a sci-fi future where prisoners are sent to an abandoned world to conlanize that area.The art style is sweet and with the randomely generated dungeons and different characters and game modes, the game is nicely varied and offers of re-playability. All characters have backstories and will sometimes react with other characters giving the characters depth and feelings, some are sad while some are just halarious.The music is well constructed and is designed to fit the mood perfectly."
76561198297241608,Recommended,249050,24151093,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,TheRealAceOfSpades,"Needing Some People To Play With, How About You???"
76561198013892264,Recommended,249050,19957783,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Garry,Very nice
,Not Recommended,249050,29426656,Posted: 22 January,all,DrShepherdLIVE,"TL;DR;In short the game is fun if you practice and find out some tricks. There are plenty of tips you will not find in the tutorial or anywhere else except try&error or from co-players.Unfortunately some times the multiplayer game crashes or you run into a bug.The graphic and idea behind the game is aweseome though!A 2€ game yes, maybe even 5€ but not more!"
,Recommended,249050,19439286,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Kobe Bryant Beef Injection,Get this if you don't mind playing 2.5 hours and dying from a bug
,Recommended,249050,8846527,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Big Boy Meme,God damn. This♥♥♥♥♥♥is hard. I love it <:)
76561198035946000,Recommended,249050,30989342,Posted: 6 April,all,GolovA,You like rogue?  Get it.Though not highly replayable.
,Not Recommended,249050,14427476,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Hazzy,"This game started out very fun and promising. Now I'm not so sure I made a wise investment, as each game is EXACTLY the same as the one before it... get to level 12 and die. Period. No matter what characters, what level I have them at, what gear they have, no matter what the hell I do, the game throws an unbeatable floor 12 at me every single time. You start with ONE gold bar to light rooms up with, and nearly every single time, on floor 12 the rooms give no gold. You cannot win. I despise the fact that you have to luck yourself into ideal scenarios, that's not skill, that's rolling dice.This game is dice-rolling masquerading itself as some sort of strategy. It isn't."
,Recommended,249050,29397270,Posted: 21 January,all,Mypoppy,Good
,Recommended,249050,29415930,Posted: 21 January,all,Anthony 'The Mooch' Scaramucci,Really fun combination of a rouge-like and tower defense.
76561198141515236,Not Recommended,249050,23455169,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Z_mcl,"I didn't like the core gameplay mechanic. It feels almost like an attempt to make an action version of a 4x, which didn't do much for me. I did however, find the strange notes that you find at the end of the game REALLY cool. If I enjoyed the game play more, I'd have had fun trying to figure out what was really going on in behind the scenes."
,Recommended,249050,23469863,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Salarn,"https://youtu.be/dH711yNVYQwA crashed prison ship, a group of strangers and 16 floors of death between them and freedom.  What's the worst that could go wrong?A brutally difficult tower defense / strategy game hybrid.  Manage resources to upgrade technology and characters with an ever decreasing amount of power to keep rooms lit (and not spawning monsters).The difficulty is both the game's greatest strength and weakness one wrong move and it's all over even after hours of play.  If that doesn't drive people away the highs of success are worth the risk."
,Not Recommended,249050,15411396,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Poobah Gorg,"I've had this on my wishlist for a while. It went on sale and had a free weekend, so I gave it a few playthroughs. The tutorial doesn't do a great job at pointing you in the direction. I just didn't really find it to be all that much fun as far as roguelikes go. It wasn't awful, I just didn't really see myself playing it enough to make it worth it, even at the sale price."
76561198093336851,Not Recommended,249050,20057481,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Forfy,"Fun game, but has game impeding bug (at least on Mac).When you play for a while and reach high floor then zoom glich kicks in and you can either see a tactical map or black screen. If you are really determined you can finish the map but only if you know roughly where items should be on the black screen. Hawever, even if you pass the level (floor), game crashes between levels without saving. So next time you open the game there is no çontinue'option :(Reached high levels twice and both times same thing happened. Don't buy this game until it's fixed, you''ll only get dissapointed and frustrated."
76561198069582469,Recommended,249050,18928813,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,peterq,"THISISTHEBESTGAMEEVERGETITNOW!!!!!!!!!!!!! YOU DON'T HAVE THE MONEY? WELL GO TO COLLEGE, GET A DEGREE, RAISE A FAMILY, AND REALISE WHY YOU ARE HERE NOW! THEN GO TO YOUR LAPTOP, BUY COPIES OF THE GAME FOR ALL OF YOUR FRIENDS, AND PLAY TEN TRILLION HOURS OF IT!!!!!!"
76561197996319603,Recommended,249050,29406577,Posted: 21 January,all,[memeclan] Memelord,Good game
,Recommended,249050,29323512,Posted: 17 January,all,Soldette,"really good, especially on sale! glitchy, though."
,Recommended,249050,30021136,Posted: 18 February,all,leftycool,Great little tower defence/roguelite
76561198007409592,Recommended,249050,14099592,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Ulfgar Ardo,Addictive to say the least. A fresh super fun little game. It will keep you in the dungeon for about 20 h.
76561198202131608,Not Recommended,249050,33599184,Posted: 16 July,all,whippercream,"I sooo wanted to love this game.  It looks great, it's reviewed well, and the gameplay looks like a ton of roguelike/tower defense mashup fun.  This should have been up my alley in a hard way.Buuuut...The UI is just awful:- You can't get a good, comprehensive view of a level all at once, so when enemies spawn each turn, they can wreck all your off-screen stuff without you even knowing it.- Controls are absolutely clunky.  Since it's also an RPG, this game has a lot of different commands, which are hard to map naturally to the keyboard, especially when the main action is mouse-controlled.- With the pixel-styled graphics, more than a few characters in a single room become impossible to manage.  During a fight, everybody's sprites and health bars turn into a big jumble, leaving no way to manage your individual characters.  Healing or fleeing in the middle of a brawl are crucial, but often impossible because of all the action.- Every problem above is compounded by permadeath - totally fair in a lot of circumstances, and in a lot of games I play (Don't Starve, Minecraft, X-Com, Binding of Isaac, etc.) but with all the cheap shots this game throws, it brings the fun to a screeching halt.Sorry if it seems I'm nitpicking; as I said, I really wanted to like this game.  Everybody says you have to give it a chance, get used to the lousy controls, and eventually get over the learning curve.  But those are all things wrong with this game, and unfortunately, when you buy on Steam, you have to decide if you got a broken product before the four hour mark. Otherwise, you can't return it, and that's what I intend to do."
76561197970400847,Not Recommended,249050,26571443,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Anthr4x,"Really wanted to like the game, the atmosphere's great, the design is done beautifully, and it's an interesting twist on a existing concept.However, support is non-existant, they created a ""controller mode"", however it's impossible to manually rebind keys. That doesn't sound too bad, except if you are unlucky, under some configurations, your Xbox controller will not function properly, and the button necessary to heal your characters will not work... Even worse, the button required to go to the next level will not be bound, leaving you to die endlessly at level 1.I suppose the name didn't lie, it is endless, as in impossible to finish.So all in all:Design 8/10Gameplay 6/10 (It is pretty fun up to the point where you get to watch your characters die every game at the last room of the first floor while you desperatly try to press RT)Support 0/10 (1 week after reporting bug, ""Doesn't work, that's odd.""  The end)Used as a Sisyphus Simulator or a art commentary on the pointlessness of struggling after a space crash ? 10/10."
76561197996986809,Recommended,249050,9765352,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Bags,"Excellent take on a rouge-like. Really enjoying the mix between tower defense style play, and on the other side using heroes."
,Recommended,249050,9722482,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,1stn00b,FTL on land
,Recommended,249050,15407339,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Psiursus,love it
76561198038527196,Recommended,249050,25086269,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,artofinca,"I like the ""Endless"" games, good stuff!"
,Recommended,249050,26743640,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Broken Cup,"I love this game, I have gotten so many hours of enjoyment out of it.  It is a combination of protect the core Tower Defense, action rpg, escaping with core, and resource management.The only downside, is when the RNG decides to deal you an unwinnable level(very rare, but happens).  It has a good bit of replayability, if you want to try out different strategies, and over all it is just nostalgic to see characters from different games, fighting together to survive.This game isn't for everyone, some will instantly hate it, while others will love it."
,Recommended,249050,18891644,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Old Gregg,"Dungeon of the Endless is the most refreshing game I have encountered in the last 5 years or more.I have a weekly co-op gaming session with a friend of mine, with a psychometrically developed scale to rate the quality of our gameplay experiences.DotE rates up there with Diablo 3. We get engrossed in the experience. The visuals are incredible. There are tons of resource and defense module choices which let us change our playstyle, along with characters and pods which change decisions on a broader level.This is an incredibly solid game that we have played longer than our typical game-rating sessions go because it's that good."
76561198140539336,Recommended,249050,26006104,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Blizy,Love this game !!!!! :D
76561198071873789,Recommended,249050,24135236,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,INXGAmer The Rolling Boy.,"is good game,much hard,very challenging,9/10"
,Not Recommended,249050,16319938,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,illicit,"Graphically weak, simple gameplay, and boring."
76561197961262921,Recommended,249050,24422899,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,SpikeInHeart,"This game has undenyable qualities in terms of mechanics and design.Be aware before starting/purchasing that this is the kind of games you don't beat, it beats you, as they say... and it's true.You'll love it and hate yourself to suck at it.(personaly, I hope there will be a rogue legacy mode with persistent upgrades an items in order to enjoy the game without throwing peripherals through the window )Now, you are aware:Do you feel lucky ? ""Cyber""Punk..."
76561198078128498,Not Recommended,249050,29479696,Posted: 25 January,all,madueno707,"While the game is fun if you enjoy tower deense games, it has a bug where there is no exit to a level, causing you to lose all progress. No point in playing as you can play for an hour or more, then come across this bug that cuases you to need to restart the game and lose all progress.This game has been out for a while now and it still has not been patched, and I see others have had the same problem. I definetly will never buy any games from the developer again."
76561197972423872,Recommended,249050,31925227,Posted: 23 May,all,Kilspree,its good
76561198133738965,Recommended,249050,28777946,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Ethan Bradberry,good af
,Recommended,249050,8013774,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,PatrickMoonDog,"The game is not Endless at this stage. (Alpha 0.1.0) but it's a lot of fun! I put 6 hours in to it and at 10$ thats more than I got out of Battlefield 4 single player.  If you're considering this purchase then dont hesitate any longer.  This game is very unique in the way it combines elements from RPGs, tower defense, rogue-like all wrapped up with procedurally generated levels.  After 2 hours I purchased this game for 2 of my friends and we all love it.Enjoy"
,Recommended,249050,32914646,Posted: 27 June,all,paxSeb,Great one!
76561198039663245,Recommended,249050,18773231,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,facciola007,Very fun game.  It is worth getting it on sale or not!
,Recommended,249050,29390168,Posted: 20 January,all,Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ,its so cool when i join a game and everyone just leaves all of a sudden even if  we do great 10/10
,Recommended,249050,32793980,Posted: 25 June,all,CrimsonBelvedereDS,"That feeling when you survive, when you win without losing a single member. That, that's why I play these games."
,Recommended,249050,14979797,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,(42o)Jolly,"TLDR? I hit the [Recommend This Game] button.POSSITIVES+Retro Style Art is like SNES + MSDOS+Randomize levels+Just like some games use Deck Building as a mechanicthis game uses Board Games as a mechanic such as""Betrayal at House on the Hill"" and it is what givesit's much nessesary variety in gameplay.+A lot of Characters to unlock.+Level up Characters to unlock new passive and [Use] Skill Buttonunique to each character.+Unlocking new ships. Ships provide unique and different challenginggameplay styles.+Blended Modern Game Mechanics such as Defense with RPGitems with stats+The only difficulties to choose from are ""Very Easy"" and ""Easy"",Your characters will die on Very Easy. Challenging games arehard to find. Most games want to sell to the most people they can,which includes people who cannot play games. This is not a gamefor people who cannot play games.+Permadeath for Characters+In Single Player: The Campaign can take up to 3 hours, with saves.NEGATIVES-In Multiplayer: The Campaign can take up to 3 hours, without saves.-Learning Curve is too steep. Goes from too easy to HOLY S**T! However,the level progression difficulty is good, it's just the combat sometimesdoesn't give you enough time to react.-The Devs are very slow in fixing bugs (but by this time most-yes most-gamebreaking bugs have been fixed)-At this moment sometimes Desyncing Bug on Multiplayer. Which kills the game.-Call me old school but I think it's a sign of no talent when using Fart/Toilet humor.Especially if it's your only humor but I'm not judging. Just don't give a f**k about it.-Pugs-The combat strategies are there but they don't impact as much. The roomwhere your characters stand is the biggest strategy there is.-If you need to micromanage anything, you did something wrong. This game'scombat strategies are almost none. Your items on your characters and the roomthey stand in and choosing when to fall back or enable a skill is it.+I cannot wait for the sequel. This game has nothing to do with Starcraft but if anyone has played Starcraft then later played Broodwar. You'll know that the original Starcraft singleplayer campaign-as well written as it was-was not a good game.It was like ""Collect 10,000 Minerals"", then get attacked by like 6 marines at a time. There was hardly any challenge and I see that a lot in this game. Even though I gave a +for good challenge, the game has a huge curve of ""wow this is easy"" to suddenly ""holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I just lost a character and need to step it up"".When Broodwar came out. It didn't just give a continuation of a great story but also a legitmate challenge with puzzles to strategically overcome which is what this game badly needs.I have a metaphorical category of games I call REAL GAMES and almost all of them are retro games. There aren't any well balanced and challenging games out there like there used to be. In my opinion I put this game in that category simply because it is a legit game. FTL is also there but many DOS games including NES/SNES games and a couple arcade games. Myst series used to be the newest games until FTL but now it's Dungeon Of The Endless."
,Not Recommended,249050,17008711,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Mithaldu,"It's a game that's hectic, doesn't provide a lot of feedback to the player about the consequences of their actions, and depends less on skill and more on randomness."
76561198004433561,Recommended,249050,15807877,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,TheWashableBomb,Great game.Great atmosphere and music. Addicting. Lots of different characters to find. Has a nice difficulty ramp.You'll probably like this game.
76561197968470997,Not Recommended,249050,22478394,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,info,"it's an ok game.  TL/DR at the endI think endless space and endless legend are THE BEST 4x games out there at the moment. Civ franchise and others (I own or have played the competition thoroughly) are a pale imitation of the design and depth of what the endless series brings.but: I just couldn't get into this game, despite playing it for a long time.I really really dislike the inability to clearly differentiate between monsters, the frantic nature of the game and the lack of strategy and tactics that comes with it.Tower defense and roguelites are my other favorite game types, so this should be a perfect fit. but due to the real time nature, it ends up muddled and frustrating.its pixel design is simply misplaced and overdone.in a game about exploration and monsters, I want to see beautiful environments, well designed monsters and clear strategy and tactics.neither the art nor the gameplay are 'clear' or allow me to just enjoy the game.it ends up a clickfest that forces me into the same boring tactics to cope with the games flaws.TL/DR:      I can only do well if I play in a manner that is wholly unenjoyable.note about the 1.99 addon:I'm owning everything(every addon, every single thing) Amplitude has ever released, except the rescue team addon: horrible feminism & diversity insanity inspired art -- no thanks. I don't need this♥♥♥♥♥♥in my game.stop it. seriously. don't go there.99.9% of your customers are white men. so stop shoving diversity and high testosterone females into the face of your customers."
,Not Recommended,249050,26012199,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,RandemGamor.co.uk,"[UPDATE] - 15th October 2016This game has too many bugs it's game breaking!!!Which is rather saddening at the very least...I was in a game with a player online when he was teleported to another room and couldn't move. A random room appeared top left of me but was bugged when I got there and I couldn't progress.He was far down the bottom off the map.We had to abandon that game and start another.Last night and today me and my cousin were playing a game for around 3 hours or more.On level 12 of the first ship, we grabbed the crystal and ran for the exit.We got there and ended the level, or at least it should have ended.My cousin exited (with the crystal) and got the achievements for completing the ship as well as unlocking other ships.I on the other hand was stuck in the level whilst the 'Crystal was under attack'.The level got lost, and so did the save we had previously...Little to say I feel rather reluctant to play this game as I feel with the amount of bugs the chances of completing a ship without a bug ruining the game is slim.By new consumer law I am covered for 30 days for a full refund.I think I will be using that law to get a refund... I'm undecided. It all depends on the reply I get (If any) from my bug report on their discussion forums...Sorry but for now I can't recommend this game to anyone sadly because of the game breaking bugs.Which is such a shame as the gameplay is fantastic and fun, without the bugs.[OLD - OUTDATED REVIEW]Well... I've played this game for just under 2 hours and it's fantastic !!!It's fantastic!It's simple but also slightly complicated at the same time.Basically, it's a mixture of RTS / Turn Based.RPG / Dungeon Crawler meets Defence game.You literally have to check it out to appreciate it.You basically control 1-4 heroes in a spaceship with a crystal you have to defend.You move from room to room, dark rooms spawn aliens whilst lit rooms don't.You have resources to manage and generate.Structures to build, research and defenses to place.Heroes to level up, equip, chests to find new gear.Shops to buy new gear.It just has so much concept but the game is very easy and simple to learn in a quick 5 minute or less tutorial!"
,Recommended,249050,19344938,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,arnzzz,"I wanted this for a long time, but kept putting it off. Wish I bought it the first day I saw it now, its very good."
,Recommended,249050,20378834,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Konrad,This is a solid indie title.
,Recommended,249050,9958382,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Zarthrag,"Only had this a few minutes, and I'm already hooked.  It's got a lot of elements to it, and it truely does mashup a ton of different genres.......and it does it well!"
,Recommended,249050,12758568,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Hidden Inside,"At first glance this looks like another cheap roguelike with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics, but in fact its the opposite of that! The visuals are stylised and extremely well done, while it uses sort of same pixelated feel like many other games, it fits perfectly!Thegame is a mix between FTL, tower defence and old school dungeon crawlers  gameplays.It is very easy to get into, but  its EXTREMELY punishing. 1 tiny mistake can cost you an entire playthrough of many hours. Played 6 hours and furtherst i got so far was floor 7.Characters and items are varried, leading to a huge range of possible playstyles. In fact the game is all about choice, randomisation and strategy. And at every new floor you'll face some sort of new danger which will fkc you up in one way or another.Balance is done extremely well, its hard to point to the 'favourite' hero or how someone is better then others, its all about choice. Some time i might want to have Max and Elise, other times perhaps Jorith and Samus, maybe even Mizu and the spider lady! Every choice is viable.Overall its a fantastic game, and for the price its asking its an absolutely steal! ♥♥♥♥ waiting for sale, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant.Only complaint i have is the soundtrack, - sometimes its fantastic, sometimes its just not up to the level. While most of the time it delivers and enhances the pleasant experience, some tracks are just ruining the feel for me, which is a shame.Final score 9.5/10 for an indie game. Easily best thing in the genre since FTL and i already want more of it. There are many games where i couldnt give less of a♥♥♥♥♥♥about DLCs, this is not one of them, like in FTL i think a few new systems would be just fantastic, but i understand they would be hard to balance out in this fantastic game.And a very solid 8/10 as a general game, - seems to me like a lot of people might see it as too punishing at times.Very recommended for purchase."
76561198046747192,Recommended,249050,31051552,Posted: 9 April,all,WitchingSnake,"Quite the addictive rogue like exploration and turn based combat rpg game. My only complaint is that its a really hard game.The many characters that you get with the different abilities and all, then the buildings and turrets that you can produce... its really fun and thanks to the randomly generated levels also quite addictive. You never know whats behind the next door."
,Not Recommended,249050,15431917,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,jaworeq,"I just put in 3h of time into my first real playthrough just to get a game-breaking bug on lvl 9 out of 12.Game is nice, but such a bug 6 months after the release just put me off."
,Not Recommended,249050,13325853,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Gorplax,"I'd love to play this game, especially after I paid for it but it constantly crashes to desktop 5 minutes into gameplay."
,Recommended,249050,16289887,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Loriciferica,Starts gameGets overwhelmed on the second floor by hordes of aliensChecks difficulty: easy10/10 am playing again
76561197976418381,Not Recommended,249050,15600885,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Firun,"This game is not in Early Access, so it is supposed to be finished, right? I haven´t played it much in singleplayer so i can´t say if there´s anything completely broken there. The multiplayer however i can tell you a great deal about how broken it is.It is actually entirely unplayable if your goal is to reach the final floor and beat it. I tried to play the game with my friends five times, the first four times the game got stuck on the transition to the 4th floor.We gave up and decided to wait until the multiplayer issues are fixed with a patch.When the ""save in multiplayer"" feature was added, we thought we could finally play the game. Oh boy, how wrong we were. We made it to the 10th floor this time. We finished the floor, put the crystal in the final room and got to the elevator screen. Well, three of us did.Unfortunately, the host was still on the floor when the rest of us were already on the elevator screen. We waited for about 10 minutes to see if the game would for some reason make a miraculous recovery. As we realized that we were hoping in vain, the host killed the game through the taskmanager.It´s no big deal, right? I mean, we have a savegame, so the worst thing that can happen is that we have to do the floor again, right?WRONG! The savegame was gone, our six hour progress was gone and so was any interest to start this frustrating piece of **** ever again.Don´t get me wrong, the game is fun and in singleplayer it´s probably a good experience. If you intend to play this game online with your friends, save yourself the money and frustration and go look somewhere else for a good co-op game.  As far as I´m concerned, I´m not going to bother with any further updates to this game, that claim that multiplayer bugs were fixed. Maybe I´ll come back in 2 or 3 years and give it a go then. Maybe by that time the game is ♥♥♥♥ing playable in multiplayer. Thanks for reading all of this.... had to get that out of the system. :)tl;dr: don´t buy if you want to play this coop with your friends, you´ll end up frustrated and wish you could just return the game."
,Not Recommended,249050,14607540,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Shintsu,"This game tries so hard to be too many different things. It starts off seeming like it's pretty great, but then the more times you play it, the more you realize in its efforts to be a little of everything, it's not good at any one thing particularly. There's too much resource management for this to feel like a true rogue-like, so you're constantly monitoring the amount of resources you have and lots of different modules. The tower defense elements are not really that well implemented, you must rely on the heroes to do much of the work - but if you try and stick heavy with leveling and outfitting your heroes, you'll get creamed later on in the game when the waves get much larger and more vicious. Even well equipped heroes with many bonuses have a hard time against some of these creatures, but unlike most tower defense where you can give yourself a lot of time to chip away at them, you really can't.In this game, you use dust to power rooms, without power the rooms can spawn creatures and you can't put any modules in that room. You can't light all the rooms, so at best you can just make it so they only approach from a few vectors. This chokepoint idea seems like it would be fun in theory, but in practice it works poorly. You have to place modules down to increase the resource gains per door opened (turn) but you'll almost have to place these along the route to the exit for each floor for them to be protected and useful. So you have to place your valuable modules in the direct path of where bad guys will be walking along, and they'll smash the modules quickly. To make matters worse, you must research every module besides a few very basic ones. This research does not carry over between matches, so you restart this process each new game. Each module takes 3 turns to research, but if you start research on one and there are only 2 doors left on the floor - you're SOL for the research you just spent on that. Again, in a game that was more balanced this would be an acceptable risk, but losing out on things like this will screw you over so fast you might as well just give up.So unfortunately, this game causes lots of frustration after you spend quite a long time on a run and then lose it because the game decides to throw too many creatures for you to handle. Whereas losing a run of Binding of Isaac or FTL is irritating but gives you another chance to learn without feeling to punishing, Dungeon of the Endless takes a lot of your time to get through a run and messing up after spending so much time on a match feels awful and sharply decreases your desire to make multiple runs. This game is much more of a sit down and make a run, and if you lose, just quit and come back another day (To compare, I found myself playing many runs of FTL and Binding of Isaac as both felt way more receptive to quick runs and not these long drawn out things). To make note - the creatures don't always spawn every turn, sometimes none spawn. Even with well prepared defenses, heroes set up in good positions, you will still get absolutely smashed. You'll be pausing to heal your hero, unpausing, then a second or two later pausing again to heal, until you either have nearly no food left or they just die.While all rogue-like games have that element of RNG and unpredictablility, Dungeon of the Endless piles that on top of a mediocre tower defense and dungeon crawler. FTL is frustrating for those same reasons (RNG), but you can tactically plan much better than you can in Dungeon of the Endless. This game is just too lackluster in too many areas to be worth it. Yes, the art style looks pretty nice and the music is pretty good - I wanted so much to like this game, but I just can't. The game has too much going on for its own good and brings down the overall experience completely."
76561197993234163,Not Recommended,249050,13116757,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Joe_k7,"Alright.. i don't even feel like giving any kind of detailed review, i just need to get this out. I absolutely LOVE the visuals of this game, its just gorgeous and fantastic... but the gameplay.. i can't stand it... at all. The main reason why i can't stand it is because i'm just furious that this game is what it is, i can see hundreds of ways a game with such amazing pixel art and music could have been SO much better.. I KNOW its unique, i know its combination of multiple genre and all that... but OH MY GOD I JUST HATE ITS GAMEPLAY... I don't know much about these developpers but it just feels like the guy responsible for the art is a genius and the guy responsible for the gameplay is someone who thinks more complicated = better.. either that or there was some intense conflicting ideas at some point and this game is the result. I don't know... this game just makes me crave like crazy a game that looks exactly like this but with a completely different gameplay. If someone can make that happen, i will play your game. Thanks for reading.Btw i'am really sad to thumb down this game, but in the end even if your drooling over the visuals, the gameplay just matters more. And no i can't even push myself to play anymore than i have, the game literally makes me feel depressed, this is the first time i'v had this feeling with a game, its just crazy."
,Not Recommended,249050,13433129,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Apathy,"Could have been much better.Pros:-Random Generated Dungeon-Challenging-Lots of Heroes to unlock-Interesting tower defense meets dungeon rogue-like conceptCons:-Can't rebind all keys/mouse buttons in options. (Seriously Devs?)-Lacking in loot/items-Difficulty spikes too quickly - Making it more of a chore and less of a legit challenge-Ships you unlock have poorly designed drawbacks that make it to where you'd never choose them-Would have been much better without the ""Get the Crystal to the exit"" mechanic-Exploration is limited because each time you open a door the waves of monsters get drastically more difficult, effectively killing your desire to explore and loot.-Poor graphics-The Perks/Skills system is extremely underwhelming.-Overall bland gameplayThe game just doesn't execute.  Looting and exploring are really stiffled in Dungeon of The Endless.  Which you should never do to a dungeon game.  I understand challenging games like Dark Souls and Legend of Grimrock, but this isn't challenging as much as it is tedious.  The rewards aren't there. The characters, items, and gameplay aren't enough to warrant another playthrough.  Honestly to those that have taken part in giving this game ""Overwhelming Positive Reviews"" what other games are you really playing?  Play some real dungeon games, and then come back to this one.... Then we can talk."
76561198057208454,Recommended,249050,29270557,Posted: 15 January,all,Ssdd,5
,Recommended,249050,23263392,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Shashou Sheldoncock,"Accurate simulation of Migrants from the middle east trying to destroy the gold crystal. As the players you select, you must protect europe from the migrant horde"
76561198016151241,Not Recommended,249050,19816905,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Rageypoo,"This game title makes you think this goes on forever, something that I personally was interested in. It only has 12 floors, and while the difficulty does increase, it's an incredibly short and repetative game, There's very little depth and the dynamics are for the most part the same. Items are not diverse, it feels gimmicky, and unpolished. The graphics are appealing, the 8-bit remakes are everywhere and the nastalgia makes it high demand, and I feel for a 2013 title, the game was clearly trying to capitalize on it.That brings up my next point, the bugs. This IS a 2 year old game, and  the multiplayer is full of bugs. Heroes will randomly stop attacking, the movement is clunky, and it has a chance of freezing every 3-4 rooms, requiring a complete restart. Luckly it does have an auto save feature, but if you're not playing with friends, it's incredibly unlikely they will return to continue the game. This should not happen to a 2 year old game, period. This game was obviously rushed and unrefined, the dungeon is obviously not endless, and neither is my patience for this game."
,Not Recommended,249050,13572220,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,tesseract,"Could have been a good game. The mechanics and design are excellent, but a game like this was always going to come down to co-op play after a few hours, and MP here is a massive scam. Multiplayer just doesn't work after months, and their promises every couple of weeks about how they are investigating the instability and connection issues are just getting more and more pathetic."
76561197973677782,Recommended,249050,19465076,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,clochi,"This game is so gooood.But i give it only 9/10, because they added Team Fortress characters."
76561198027769668,Recommended,249050,33399783,Posted: 9 July,all,North American Pavement Ape,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　 ）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
76561197960939345,Recommended,249050,31630647,Posted: 8 May,all,beefpops,FTL meets XCOM.
,Recommended,249050,12659877,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Me_Monk,Super cool game FTL mixed with tower defense!
76561198054587021,Not Recommended,249050,29411245,Posted: 21 January,all,The Greatest Who Ever Lived,Shallow and boring game
,Not Recommended,249050,31168522,Posted: 15 April,all,Cupcake,Devs won't update the game to fix a major issue with the gamepad that makes the game impossible to play if you want to use one.
,Recommended,249050,24013650,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,TPI | Ketobbey,THIS GAME IS ARTFUL AND FUN! So many hours of fun for me and mates WE LOVE IT!
76561198031703578,Not Recommended,249050,29550360,Posted: 28 January,all,Professor Badger,"Im really glad the game doesnt tell me enemies spawn untill they are attacking my crystal, where you cant put of sentrys, and most of the time it seems like the enemies are spawning in lit rooms which prob is not true i prob looked when they sprinted out of some other dark room"
,Not Recommended,249050,24783584,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Sambombe,"Hard, without a decent tutorial and unforgiven, not fun at all."
76561198029153040,Not Recommended,249050,25833377,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Robot Monster,"Fun game, but unfortunately unplayable on a Mac, since it's prone to crashes between levels, deleting all current progress. It's just exhausting to put thought and energy into a playthrough for 3 hours and then lose everything, including meta-game progress."
,Recommended,249050,34450323,Posted: 23 August,all,Good Boy,good game for good boys
76561198210303805,Not Recommended,249050,29708208,Posted: 4 February,all,Mas_Jonty,"I really wanted to like this game. It's the kind of game that I want. The problem is that it is just so random. No matter how well you plan, at some point you will have a run of bad luck opening doors and you won't have enough gold to power rooms, or the game will just throw too many enemies at you.Every game I have played ends with ""...and then something random happened and all my units died and the game ended permanently and I had to start over."""
76561198036960971,Not Recommended,249050,13722575,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,BIG BLACK BRUCE,"This game could have been good and i tried my best to like it but it just isn't fun...First of all i didn't know this game would be a point and click game, the characters control terribly, and then there's the crystal, the most frusturating part of the game. You have to defend this crystal as well as find a way to escape with it. You cant leave one person behind to defend it because the enemies do so much damage and you'll have to keep healing them other wise they will die which makes everything way to difficult. If you could control with wasd that would be a little better for me but altogether this game does not work out for me."
76561197993055223,Not Recommended,249050,18706490,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Halroth,"This game cheats.  It establishes early on a rule that monsters will not spawn in powered rooms, and then breaks that rule when convenient just to screw with your defense.  Unless this bug gets fixed, do not buy"
,Not Recommended,249050,14603390,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,astragoblin,"Cool style and a neat idea, but there are too many elements and not enough time spent explaining them. The game is difficult, not in a challenging way. Ultimately, it's just hard to look at, hard to understand, and hard to play.1 - Pixel style is hard to look at -  it's hard to discern what is important to pay attention to, and this kind of pixel style, when done too noisily, is fatiguing on the eyes. In contrast, something like Superbrothers is much easier to look at, with restrained palettes and more balance tones/ contrast/ focus. This game is just too noisy.2 - Game doesn't teach you - A series of single-objective tutorial missions would have been helpful to demonstrate the game's many elements. There's just too much to track as a new player: I didn't understand how I could get more dust, what the large modules were for, how I even got the smaller dust modules I did, how many attack modules were optimal, any strategy or approach... just no sense of the relative function of many of the game's elements, which made it frustrating to balance the cost/ benefit of any decision. As if the main game (open doors, move, attack, build-things-to-do-things) wasn't enough, the character sheets and skills and equipment were just another layer of complexity to manage/ ignore. Overall poor job of teaching you how to play... and I know there is some benefit to letting players explore and discover mechanics, which is something games like Journey and Ico do well, but there's too many factors here and not enough thought put into a welcoming beginner experience.3 - Hard to control - having to individually control numerous characters was too much to manage. A follow function woud have been great to keep the party together. It's too easy to lose track of what's happening in combat (due to the low-fi pixel art and tight view) and lose party members.4 - Difficulty. Even on the easiest mode it's too challenging to finish a level. Once you grab the power crystal, a ton of enemies attack. I never felt like I had enough turrets to stop them or characters to hold off the enemies during the crystal run. I tried three frustrating times to finish the first level, to no avail, due to the difficult visuals, control scheme, game balance, etc. THIS WAS ON THE EASIEST SETTING ON THE FIRST LEVEL, FOR NEW PLAYERS.Anyway, a frustrating experience. There are more rewarding ways to spend one's time."
76561197993826401,Not Recommended,249050,29400538,Posted: 21 January,all,Gustav,"Good concept, uninspiring gameplay and overall lack of polish makes me not recommend it. No coherent art style, large number of non-distinctive classes."
76561198114133518,Recommended,249050,12733615,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Alcoholic_Mage,This is a great game!
76561198024901635,Not Recommended,249050,16727942,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,FullOvStars,"I'm not sure why this game exists in 2015? Maybe it's a retro thing from someone who remembers very, very early tech?"
,Not Recommended,249050,26236189,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Jiro Yakuza,Don't buy!Too many bugsPlayers are always desyncedSave/load ♥♥♥♥s up everything
76561198040678819,Not Recommended,249050,21650905,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,strobe1kanobe,"I would not recommend this game until the developers fix major game issues. Game saves never work, not even in multiplayer. game crashes very often. If your game crashes in the middle of the game. your save file is gone. you cannot copy the file either just in case. Waste of time and money."
,Not Recommended,249050,24676585,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,the| Gamer,"(Played this gamed mostly offline so the 2h are not represantative ;) )Pros:- Charming pixelated graphic stile (little bit overused at the moment but this game actually looks special)- Loads of characters that all play a little different- TF2 characters :D- Very atmosphericCons:- Very generic dungeon crawler- Extremely repetitive, no replayability at all- Not much room for tactics or strategy- Lacks depth in terms of item variety, character advancement and lore/background story- Only 2 difficulty settings (plus the fact that they are called ""too easy""and ""easy"" which just bugs the crap out of me, but thats just me i guess :D)Summary:Well, i would love to give this game a neutral thumb because i definetly had fun for 2 or 3 hours when i got to know the game and figured everything out, so the learning phase was really fun but...for 12 or 19 bucks there are other games on steam that keep you entertained for a longer time than that ;)...if its on sale go for it though :)"
76561197997769124,Not Recommended,249050,26021188,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,NadaGeek,"I like the other games by iceberg, this mistakes TPK for fun ."
76561197994227721,Recommended,249050,32013396,Posted: 27 May,all,Raian78,10/10
,Not Recommended,249050,13708115,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,『HellMuT』,"It sounded cool, but unfortunately I couldn't dig the tower defense aspect."
76561198066772888,Not Recommended,249050,13582928,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Lacroix,believe or not I just buy this game because of that song in the trailer and i was wrong that song not in game soundtrack or anywhere in this game that made me feel so bad in this company
,Not Recommended,249050,13745309,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,trookvlt,"This game blends many features from many genres. It fails to do any of them better than a more focused game does. It has nice looking retro inspired graphics, the music is pleasant, the controls are smooth, and the interface is clear and precise. These are all qualities which make good games great, however this is not a good game; in this instance it is more akin to putting polish on a turd. I bought this game at 50% off during the Christmas sale, and I still feel ripped off."
76561198030746271,Recommended,249050,15167501,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Tegga21,Do you like kittens?
,Recommended,249050,13009801,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Bakku,Good Game.REommend A numero uno
,Not Recommended,249050,18300771,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,thefeint,"I've dealt with games that explained themselves horribly before. I've played and enjoyed plenty of roguelikes too, and the feeling of discovering new features & interactions is one that I truly appreciate.The sheer number of gameplay elements for this game that are not explained is absurd, however. And these are not elements that force you to plan ahead, change your strategy, or otherwise find a clever way to use your resources, mind you. These are things that are not just critical, but necessary in order to accomplish anything.Example: I cleared out all the rooms of the first level. Sweet, no problem. Based on the success that I was having, I figured I was well equipped enough to close out the level, so I picked up the crystal. Enemies! Great, I can deal with these, I'll draw them to the biggest room, which I've barely been able to fully outfit with the starting turrets. I spent all that production constructing them, thinking this was now the ""tower defense"" situation. Enemies keep coming while I wait for a ""boss"" monster to show up. None appears, I lose.Next time, I try the same tactic, but create a long line of laser cannons, and as many as I can possibly afford (including the output of the Industry modules). No increase in effectiveness, enemies keep coming, I lose.So at this point, I look online and learn with surprise that the enemies DON'T stop coming, you simply have to rush the exit. Uh, ok, better late than never, I just never saw any information to this effect in the game. You know, the entire success/failure criteria of playing? Could've been made explicit any number of times.Anyways, I try one more time, and blitz the exit. I take a bunch of fire on the way, but phew! I make it. And then nothing happens. The level doesn't finish. I start right clicking around the exit room, thinking maybe I need to ""drop"" it somewhere. Nothing. Enemies keep spawning, I keep right-clicking, but only the former has any kind of effectiveness. I might have expected the last tutorial message to come up, explaining how I finish the level, but none appears. I might have expected some icon to pop up, telling me where to click to drop it off, or if I needed to take it somewhere else next, but nope.I like roguelikes because once you find some success, you as a player can, through trial and error, discover additional ways to be effective, and rise to greater challenges, as long as you don't forget to refer to things you've learned before. I learned how to clear rooms, and like the way the game seems to play. But if you reach a point where literally nothing you do has any effect, you turn from punishing but enjoyable, to frustrating and pointless. If you're going to bother putting in any tutorials at all, why not make them actually run you through a level completely?Maybe I'm missing something obvious, but at this point, it's frustrated me to override any interest in playing this game any more."
76561198138125341,Recommended,249050,22984099,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,•๖ζ͜Laugn'rt Scoripous,its a good gamebut i suck atbc i suckenjoy gamewhen its on sale$10 is too much for any game
76561198064625282,Not Recommended,249050,24244298,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Engulfed Phoenix,This game doesn't have much replayability as the unlocks aren't really all that rewarding and all yur work from one game is lost the next game. Also the difficulties are just weird and there is only two of them very easy and easy?
,Not Recommended,249050,22398121,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,mbpoblet,Boring.Tedious.Repetitive.Uninteresting.
,Not Recommended,249050,29612591,Posted: 31 January,all,tapix,"Not entertaining enough for the difficulty/learning curve.No apparent way to revive dead  heroes.The maps seem to be completable only by learning them and planning based on that, which is rarely fun.Combat is boring."
76561198041216720,Recommended,249050,12731894,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,j.cop,Hard but fair: Dungeon of the Endless FUN
76561198021143551,Recommended,249050,12717627,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Ryan_the_Burninator,Great game!! The soundtrack is amazing and the gameplay is great.
76561197967061182,Recommended,249050,12726272,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Turbo Nerd,"Hard as nails roguelike dungeon crawler/tower defense hybrid, absolutely great gameplay and brilliant art direction."
76561198061166315,Not Recommended,249050,29410392,Posted: 21 January,all,TotalWurzel,"Nice idea, woefully executed.  I tried hard to like this game, I really did but from the appalling Spectrum-esque save system to the frustrating, tedious chore of the gameplay, this game just doesn't work on any level.  FFS Ah Diddums on the old Spectrum was less frustrating.  I only got this game because it was in the Endless Legend and Endless Space bundle and I'm considering not bothering with those games, and getting my money back, my opinion of the dev's abilities to make a GAME are now so low.  A complete waste of time and money"
,Recommended,249050,19925269,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,LG_Manifest409,BUY THE♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME NOW!
76561198076545793,Recommended,249050,31658714,Posted: 9 May,all,Earth Thom C137,An awesome game. No question about it. Buy. It. Now.
,Not Recommended,249050,29281596,Posted: 15 January,all,OnePumpTrumpNDump,"The multiplayer is broken as hell. With 2 players, it will occasionally work. With anything more than that, it won't work. Joining a lobby works fine, but when the actual game starts loading, it will kick everyone but the host from the game. This happens with me, and several of my friends (5 of them). Combinations of any of us hosting don't work. If you host a game several (10+ times) with just one other person, you might get a game to start. But even then, you're not safe - sometimes in between floors, it will kick a player, and you're screwed. Again, this doesn't just happen with me. every single one of my friends who has bought this have the same issues. Otherwise, when the planets align and the game actaully works, it is FANTASTIC. Great game, just wish I could play it in multiplayer....."
76561198057652642,Recommended,249050,17686857,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,zombiegen,Makes my balls sweat.
,Recommended,249050,9841521,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Too Sad to Serve™啊,almost cod
76561198271432139,Recommended,249050,24166565,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,StoneMountain64,"im love this game but i wish more people play this game so the multiplayer is easy to match up with , but besides that its awesome.and yes im wearing khaki..."
,Not Recommended,249050,16817389,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Lemonade,the firefly of video gaming
,Recommended,249050,14356751,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,45,Rogue-lite dungeon crawler with rts control scheme and 4 player co-op. I like it.
,Not Recommended,249050,19362220,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Athalka,"I liked the game after some play, but when it killed one of the character for some silly elevator story, which has nothing to do with game I do not play it anymore."
76561197974713479,Not Recommended,249050,15766033,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Slamz,"Honestly I don't know if I recommend this game or not. I wish there was a ""thumbs sideways"" button instead of just up or down.On one hand, the mechanical depth is surprisingly good and if we rate ""your money's worth"" at ""<$1 per hour of enjoyable gameplay"" then I'd say I got my money's worth.On the other hand, this trend of intentionally terrible graphics has to stop. The graphics in this game are ""distractingly bad"". As in, so bad, it's hard to keep my head in the game because the graphics just keep distracting me with how terrible they are. Yeah yeah retro, blah blah, whatever. But what they're trying to do with the characters and the room environments is just too ""busy"" for the graphics to be this low resolution. FTL was similarly bad but simple enough that it didn't seem quite so distracting. In this game it's distracting.If there was a sequel that promised to be even deeper and more interesting and better in every way but with identical graphics, I wouldn't buy it. So, I got my money's worth here but I'm not sure I would go so far as to recommend it.Dear 8-bit graphics trend, please die.Die. Die. DIE."
76561198034962524,Recommended,249050,29497771,Posted: 26 January,all,NeoXenocide,"If you're not an idiot, you'll love this game."
76561198061723447,Not Recommended,249050,26354976,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,mrboo_2,"I can not play this game at all with my friend. everytime we try to load a game, it works for him and tells him that I have joined but, I stuck on the loading screen waiting for other players"
,Recommended,249050,12895285,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Mr. [B]oombastic,I like it
,Not Recommended,249050,34520201,Posted: 26 August,all,Kap'n Kibbles,"Everything controls as you would expect from this studio, but my biggest gripe is how RNG based it is. No matter how good you are it all depends on RNG."
76561198036230105,Recommended,249050,15293715,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Chuck,"Awsome, this is a MUST have game."
76561198007792074,Recommended,249050,13725823,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,IndigoWolfe,"I have my coffee, a joint teetering on my lips, and the sun hasn't broken the horizon outside. Soft notes slide off the speakers, and the holo-display in front of me is alive in neon. A facility halfway explored by three scared transients:The door slides open. The first second is always breathless. Is this room a payoff? Another thirty seconds of tranquility in this hell-hole, or are the klaxons already sniggering in the wings, knowing that they are about to herald a spectacle that has been repeated over and over, my comrades and I fighting for our lives. Sure, we thought we were well equipped thirty minutes ago, thirty minutes ago we lost Gork. By the time they were done with him he looked like he'd turned his gun on himself and held the trigger 'til it ran dry.Now it's just the chain smoker and the bug. I like the woman, her cigarettes remind me of hot oatmeal on cold mornings in old hotel rooms, the ones with the curtains made out of that really thick material. Yeah, you know, hotel curtains. The lady can bang soul out of any machine she touches too, let me tell ya, for profit or protection. The bug is unnerving. He moves too fast, clicking this way and that. He saved me with that spear of his though, two levels down. I guess I owe that chilling speed that. He doesn't talk too much, but I wont turn down another set of hands...claws.It's not all bad, we've met some others down here, some wanting to come along, some just trying to turn a profit. Some of their screams are still ringing in my ears, not able to hide from the seething horde when the door slid open. Guess we'll never know.We only have six more floors to go. I haven't told the others, but our only food generator was busted in the last push. Only two of us are making it off this floor...*Transmission End*"
,Recommended,249050,33824165,Posted: 26 July,all,Dave,great rouge-like lotta replayability.
,Recommended,249050,32699570,Posted: 23 June,all,1917,This is an amazing game.
,Recommended,249050,12584459,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,rpaxa.,"A really awesome rogue-like with tower defense aspects.Coupled with good music, pretty tough difficulty at times, and a decent pixel aesthetic you'll easily find yourself crying on the floor after all your heroes die."
,Recommended,249050,15429636,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,School McShooty,Fapfap
76561198020144608,Recommended,249050,24842302,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Clark Kent,gg
,Recommended,249050,28805697,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,david,good
,Recommended,249050,13186479,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Zephroze,"Wow, a risque nichey indie game that's actually pretty fun. Worth the two copies I bought."
76561198067444037,Recommended,249050,14974467,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Heiach,It is with great pleasure that I unveil the shining review that The Indie Gaming Vault did on this wonderful game!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nuHofM-Zghw
,Recommended,249050,15434042,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Zaareish,Dead.11/10
76561198016583722,Recommended,249050,8030735,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Daddy Coyote: Snuggle master,Challenging
,Recommended,249050,22791719,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,The Weeb,I Liek dis gaem.
76561198272042951,Recommended,249050,30536073,Posted: 15 March,all,<Henro>,meh
76561198026608857,Recommended,249050,12699532,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Grundo Man,After making it to floor 11 and dying I punched my girlfriend and she left me. 10/10
76561197987499444,Not Recommended,249050,12866422,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Nullifiednll,"really wish I could rate this game a yes, however with the constant game crashes and no way to restore and having to go through 3 floors to unlock one character, and if the client crashes inbetween you lose it all not worth it. fix this game no reason for crashing clients."
76561197995191195,Not Recommended,249050,12561855,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,diarzola,"Its okay, it has some addicting qualities. It is definitely is trying to do too much at once. The tower defense aspect is interesting and the dungeon crawling randomness is done well but it ends up being frustrating and irritating when heros die faster than you can push the pause button to heal them, ending a game of hours and hours dumped into. You can continue with one hero, but its only frustrating, making the game ruined by permadeth of your only hero worth to cents. Some games, like FTL, can get away with this because the heavy empasis on tactics makes the game tense knowing that you are sacrificing somebody in the heat of the moment, but this game its just frustrating when somebody dies faster than you can stop it. The endless rooms just gets boring too, the ""RPG"" element is more of a sales technique than an actual aspect of the game, and the lack of control of characters within rooms makes the strategy part feel clumsy and dumbed down. Not a bad game, but only worth maybe $5 on a good day in my book"
,Not Recommended,249050,22089329,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Ghojo,"It's really fun, especially in multiplayer ... BUT ... it's also extremely bugged. Then it's just painful..Sometimes your characters die for unknown reasons.Sometimes your high level character suddenly disappears (not even dead, just gone).Once in a multiplayer game, my team mate suddenly got over 14 thousand resources (you usually get around 3-10 per round). Now we couldn't lose anymore, as we could just spam heal.Random monsters appeared in multiplayer, but my team-mate couldn't see them even though the turrets were shooting at them.Then my HUD / UI (interface) disappeared completely and I wasn't able to move the camera or click anything anymore.But the BEST BUG ever.....my complete main menu interface disappeared!! Leaving onyl the background visible.. had to quit with alt+f4..See:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=654129637Seriously? This is by FAR the most bugged game I came across on steam so far."
76561197964877786,Not Recommended,249050,13063201,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,ULSAR,"Game too simple, FTL is a better rogue like game. I was expecting more, i don t want to play again since i allready ended the game once : a good rogue like is a game with replayabilities, this one got none.There is no point to continue playing after you succeed once , the only difference are the characters and they don t matter that much.Good game IDEA rate 9/10 ; but realisation is 5/10, good graphics but poor gameplay, even the tower defense system is not always needed . not enough deep gameplay.12 euros for this game is too expensive. worth no more than 5 euros in my opinion."
76561197996379906,Not Recommended,249050,11061470,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,BrackAttack,"Don't buy yet if you play on a high resolution monitor.  There's currently no way to change the game resolution, and the UI doesn't scale properly, meaning you'll need a magnifying glass just to read the text. The Devs will probably change this later, but beware for now."
,Not Recommended,249050,12184819,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Picked up this game because I like tower defense and rogue-like games. The art is great and the music is good. I don't know what it is about this title, but it just can't get me sucked into it. I have tried on four seperate occasions now (once even with a group of friends), and I cannot quite figure everything out 100% - and most importantly - I find myself not caring about it after about a half an hour.I even watched about 1.5 hrs of LetsPlays (even one with a dev member), but gained little insight into what makes this game fun. I guess I am at a loss of words to describe my frustration or 'meh' feeling about Dungon of the Endless. Was hoping for more (especially for the money cost)."
76561197961098087,Not Recommended,249050,12229428,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT.,"I should have waited for the demo. It's pretty far from what I expected. It's not something I would recommend to everybody. The game isn't bad by any means, or really even flawed, it's just something that if people are going to purchase they should definitely do so with an open mind."
76561197964538085,Not Recommended,249050,11008445,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Paladin,"I picked up this game to get the vaulters in Endless Space, and figured I'd try it out.Sadly, I found the game infuraitingly bad. It's got terrible graphics (probably intended), with a very steep learning curve, and very unforgiving combat. It ended up being a frustrating waste of time (if you have time to waste, this would be a decent game of it)It really isn't Endless. It's a bookmark in the Endless series of games."
,Not Recommended,249050,10112510,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Timbrewolf,It's a great concept but parts of it are poorly executed.  It's only in an open-alpha state at the moment so hopefully it will come together better as time progresses.I am a little worried that the developer has already started ANOTHER open-alpha project on Steam while this game remains unfinished after all this time.  We'll see what develops.
76561197995252136,Not Recommended,249050,22133286,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Impulse_9,"If I were able to speak to my past self I would say ""Oh god no, its low res, needs more music and it doesn't know what genre it wants to be. Like an overconfident ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ it tries to straddle three things at once and so fails in doing any of them well.""But I cant so I'm saying that to you. It is a game in dire need of an adequate tutorial. I am going to keep playing it, but only because I feel comitted to getting my monies worth and I don't like letting games ""defeat"" me. I'm a pretty serious gamer and im pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off by it.Either spoil the exploration and characters by reading up on the wiki, or prepare to pay with your sanity as well as your money as you work out how how many parts Tower Defense it is to RPG to RTS.One thumb down."
,Recommended,249050,12711098,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,lr|,Such Amazing game. Very Endless gameplay. Wow
,Not Recommended,249050,28849128,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,MSG,"Nothing wrong with it, just very repetitive."
76561198168858642,Not Recommended,249050,19737147,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Dig Dawg Shee Shaw,"Barely playable. This game is A. Ugly B. stupid. C. and worst of all, B-O-R-I-N-G. What is it with the gaming community wanting to fall over themselves to lavish praise on anything now with just a pulse and a retro old school game sound and look to it. Why does this game have such great reviews? I have played through it 4 times now...and every time its the same linear crap, for all that people say there's so much complexity and choice involved. You aren't given enough resources to be given even an opportunity to have more than one module. The game throws hordes of monsters at you in the first level which forces you every  time rather than employ and strategy, to just zerg to the exit as fast as possible. There's no feeling of exploration or wonder in the game. Behind every door, only awaits more of this ugly space station you're on. I really haven't the foggiest idea why this game is so great. If you don't like being ripped off, stay away..."
,Recommended,249050,12691320,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,taiyoctopus,Buy it... seriously.
76561197988062663,Not Recommended,249050,13249112,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Eulon,"If you like playing this game in singleplayer, it is the right game for you.If you are like me and prefer playing with friends, this game may not be for you. There are several bugs with multiplayer that prevent full completion of the dungeons you play. You may either crash at the beginning, middle, or close towards the end of the dungeon before either you or your buddy drop from the game because they are stuck on the elevator. Or, their operating system disagrees with DotE.This game lacks smooth multiplayer gameplay, so once you drop out of a certain game, there is no way of accessing that same game when it is in play. You must start all over again."
76561198089270591,Not Recommended,249050,21641932,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Ginger Jesus,wasted shrekels
,Recommended,249050,12634012,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Schnazy72,"I really enjoy this game even though it kicks my♥♥♥♥♥ I have reached the fourth floor so far, and really hope that the multiplayer can be just as fun."
76561198035243092,Not Recommended,249050,29415929,Posted: 21 January,all,MrWalrus,"Aside from 'pixilated', this game doesn't know what it wants to be. The actual 'gameplay', if such it can be called, is a cross between FTL and a tower defense game, execpt without all the bits that make those things good. You're encouraged to figure out everything about the game by losing repeatedly, which is somehow even less fun than it sounds.At 85% off, I feel I still dramatically overpaid for what it delivers."
76561198015837639,Not Recommended,249050,26079785,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Horst_van_Horsten,"Kinda fun for 90min, gameplay gets boring quite quickly and too often you can do nothing exept waiting for your team to die and because you cant just save a game you have to start over again, and again, and again..."
,Recommended,249050,12700751,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Wyzeguyy,Be Warned: This Game is Highly Addicting... Get it!
,Recommended,249050,12660535,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,GigaKid,The definitive evolution of tower defense.12 out of 12 floors ;D
76561198058231910,Not Recommended,249050,13749138,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Zephyr,I didn't like it
76561198022370940,Not Recommended,249050,30209863,Posted: 26 February,all,Gallen_Dugall,More control over what's going on would have made for a more enjoyable game.
,Not Recommended,249050,13323759,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,RadGH,"It's pretty cool like a roguelike meets FTL but not the ship battle kind more like the dungeon battle kind.But it gets really boring and I would probably never play it again so, play rogue legacy instead."
,Not Recommended,249050,29465517,Posted: 24 January,all,Novtrox,"Quite clunky movement, and overall confusing.I am refunding this cause it makes no fun."
,Not Recommended,249050,8031230,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,TheWackyWombat,"Dungeon feels way to unpolished at this time, the controls are clunky and gameplay is extremely simplistic. Right now it feels more like a prototype then even an alpha version.Needs more control, better explainations for the mechanics and MUCH more variety.Opening a door and only having 4-5 different outcomes is extremely boring."
76561198025108857,Recommended,249050,29366556,Posted: 19 January,all,Kabbajpatch,Great game!
76561198041724205,Not Recommended,249050,21535605,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,wogrim.pseul,"Too much RNG.  Success depends too much onWhat items you findWhat researches you get to choose from (upgrading certain things is essential)What the merchants sell (if you find one) and what currency they useYou find additional party memebers (start with 2, can have 4)You find enough dust and self-powered rooms to keep enemies from spawning in too many directions at onceYou find the elevator to the next level before you're worn down by ever-increasing enemy spawnsWhat I do like about the game isGrabbing your crystal and running for the exitHow you get to keep your unspent resources for the next level so you're rewarded for not just maxing out on turretsFinding random other characters, and unlocking them as starting charactersThe semi-turn-based format of opening doorsWould be a an outstanding game if they would just improve the level generator so you don't feel like you wasted an hour or two of your time when you get a bad level or explore the wrong direction."
,Recommended,249050,12724482,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Thomas,"The real dungeons, The best dungeons"
76561198241231834,Not Recommended,249050,30050809,Posted: 19 February,all,Dapper Weasel,too unbalanced
,Recommended,249050,34770066,Posted: 5 September,all,Dr. Pepper Delivery Guy,"The FitnessGram Pacer test is a multi test arobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues.The twenty meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds, line up at the start, the running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute you hear this signal: ♥♥♥♥ing normies, REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE, a single lap should be completed each time your hear this sound: ""Allahu Akbar"", remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible. the second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start, get ready: Start. One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. Ten. Eleven. Twelve. Thirteen. Fourteen. Fifteen. Two. Sixteen. Seventeen. Eighteen. Nineteen. Twenty. Twenty One. Twenty Two. Twenty Three. Twenty Four. Twenty Five. Twenty Six. Twenty Seven. Twenty Eight. Twenty Nine. Thirty. Thirty One. Thirty Two. Thirty Three. Thirty Four. Thirty Five. Four Thirty Six. Thirty Seven. Thirty Eight. Thirty Nine. Fourty. Fourty One. Fourty Two. Fourty Three. Fourty Four. Fourty Five. Fourty Six. Fourty Seven. Fourty Eight. Fourty Nine. Fifty. Fifty One. Fifty Two. Fifty Three. Fifty Four. Fifty Five. Fifty Six. Fifty Seven. Fifty Eight. Fifty Nine. Sixty. Sixty One. Sixty Two. Sixty Three. Sixty Four. Sixty Five. Sixty Six. Sixty Seven. Sixty Eight. Sixty Nine. Ninety. Ninety One. Ninety Two. Ninety Three. Ninety Four. Ninety Five. Ninety Six. Ninety Seven. Ninety Eight. Ninety Nine. One Hundred. One Hundred and One. One Hundred and Two. One Hundred and Three. One Hundred and Four. One Hundred and Five. One Hundred and Six. One Hundred and Seven. One Hundred and Eight.One Hundred and Nine. One Hundred and Ten. One Hundred and Eleven. One Hundred and Twelve. One Hundred and Thirteen. One Hundred and Fourteen. One Hundred and Fifteen. Two. One Hundred and Sixteen. One Hundred and Seventeen.One Hundred and Eighteen. One Hundred and Nineteen. One Hundred and Twenty.One Hundred and Twenty One. One Hundred and Twenty Two. One Hundred and Twenty Three. One Hundred and Twenty Four. One Hundred and Twenty Five. One Hundred and Twenty Six. One Hundred and Twenty Seven. One Hundred and Twenty Eight. One Hundred and Twenty Nine. One Hundred and Thirty. One Hundred and Thirty One. One Hundred and Thirty Two. One Hundred and Thirty Three. One Hundred and Thirty Four. One Hundred and Thirty Five. One Hundred and Thirty Six. One Hundred and Thirty Seven. One Hundred and Thirty Eight. One Hundred and Thirty Nine. One Hundred and Fourty. One Hundred and Fourty One. One Hundred and Fourty Two. One Hundred and Fourty Three. One Hundred and Fourty Four. One Hundred and Fourty Five. One Hundred and Fourty Six. One Hundred and Fourty Seven.One Hundred and Fourty Eight.One Hundred and Fourty Nine. One Hundred and Fifty."
,Recommended,249050,19280751,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Bandit King,"I love Rogue-Likes, I'm not a big fan of Tower Defense games..I got this game for free when I picked up Endless Legend. I dint like it,I dint play it..I just dint Know!  Vary cool game. I think its had a lota updates and has become a better game then I first remember...so now I'm hooked and am gona put it on my Fav list...I hear its gona come to consoles. I have a PS4..I will buy it on that also..and tell my friends. Good work Amplitude, you made me like Tower Defense games."
76561198028820864,Not Recommended,249050,30135078,Posted: 23 February,all,DrBumquest,"This is almost impossible to play on the easiest setting, and doesn't really allow you to take much with you from one level to the next. There's not enough reward for progression."
76561198117045023,Recommended,249050,26010312,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Macavity,fun
,Not Recommended,249050,14367685,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Brightlight,"I can see why ppl would love this , i really do!But for me its not what i wanted reallyFor me it feels like im just pressing buttons and being stupid (Im not the biggest fan of these genre)I would reccomend this to ppl who loves this genre hardcoreBut as a casual as me ""no"" at sale yes!"
76561198160114197,Recommended,249050,26041639,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,12eQUISiTION,I was very smartOperate everywhere.I was very smart.Was.
76561197998710555,Recommended,249050,28415148,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Skyleaf,"Great game, very innovative game design combining a lot of game elements to a new experience :) Also for non hardcore players when using the lower difficulties :) And working online coop :)!"
76561197984771618,Not Recommended,249050,12856675,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,a-verret,While the game is fun there are some bugs that will ruin the fun very fast for the player.  So far I played through twice and the game is erasing my data including the score along with the characters I have unlocked. The second issue is that sometimes the game does not allow you to equip items. I would not advise anyone to buy this game when there are so many other games that work without causing such high levels of frustration.
76561197970467703,Not Recommended,249050,9952955,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,neogaia41,Game itself is decently fun but misses the mark in several key aspects of dungeon crawling rougelikes. The item system needs a complete overhaul and the combat could use some fine tuning. Only ever encountered 2 types of creatures so even the crawling aspect of this game becomes mundayne. Now that they are releasing games like endless legend (which gives you in-game content for this game) I feel like ive spent money on a product that will never be finished and only have half content even if or when it even does. Save your money and get sword of the stars: the pit much better polished game and crawling experience
76561197970986847,Not Recommended,249050,12836865,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,fierybird,"Do you feel lucky?  You need to be to beat this game.  Skill?  Not so much.  Planning?  Nope.  Luck?  You need it...in batch lots.This game would be fun if not for that.This review is for the final released version.You start out with 2 heroes.  Eventually you recruit 4.  And then they either die, or your power crystal explodes.For example, on the Very Easy setting and 12 floors:Game 1.  Made it to the 6th floor, fully equipped, lots of dust, attack mods, 4 heroes, and all of them were one hit KOsGame 2.  7th floor, 4 heroes, wore down by wave after wave of mobs.Game 3.  4 heroes, very little dust found, lots of unpowered rooms, overwhelmed.Game 4.  Floor 7 again, one hit KOs again.Game 5.  Lots of waves againGame 6.  Floor 10...I see a glimmer in site...high level, fully equipped heroes...very little dust, so only 3 rooms of around 8 powered...and the mobs ONLY attacked my crystal, room after room after room.  Crystal exploded, costing me the game.Don't ask about the easy setting...it is a lie.You get the trend?  Thing is, this would be a fantastic game if it were more winnable.  Good exploration, lots of different mobs, random items and characters...I enjoyed it.  Right until I died.  Even after the first couple of deaths I enjoyed it.  And then I realized...I was just banging my head against the wall.  It didn't matter what I did, what strategies I used, how I planned my paths...I might as well be flipping a coin."
,Recommended,249050,16348021,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,northbad,10/10 would open doors again
,Not Recommended,249050,8777432,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Luna,Seems decent but far too difficult.Maybe because of 'Early Access'.
76561197993180089,Not Recommended,249050,8584261,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Dasfry,I enjoy the game but at this point it's missing lots of content.  In my opinion in it's current state it's worth less then $5
76561197971663658,Not Recommended,249050,29591572,Posted: 30 January,all,alkemmy,"A game with no point.  You have no control over what your characters do or where they go, beyond highlighting a door to open.  Retro gaming for the sake of the arcade graphic experience.  The gameplay experience is zero.  I acquired this in the bundle games deal for just a few pennies so I haven't lost out, I'd feel cheated if I'd paid the full asking price.  What a stinker, avoid it.  Takes me back to those old Amiga ""public domain"" games, which were just an excuse to make you by floppy discs.  I reckon this is just an excuse.  Period."
76561198125362451,Not Recommended,249050,29660028,Posted: 2 February,all,Viktor Gavorn,"If you enjoy clicking on rooms, buy it.If you enjoy playing games, go away.I refunded for a reason. I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not clicking on rooms is all you do.0/10"
,Recommended,249050,29367174,Posted: 19 January,all,Disco boy,i only play this game when my friends do hahahahahahahahahahahahaUHHjihhsisdun!
76561198017797550,Not Recommended,249050,13799777,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,OnBoard,"Just a heads-up for anyone thinking of buying this. You might see RPG there, think you are leveling your heroes up and collecting loot. Well guess what, once you die you lose everything and I mean everything. Every hero you played is lvl 1, you have no items and you have no saves. It's like starting Skyrim every day from the start..Would be a good game IF when you die the heroes you played with have the lvl and the items they died in. Current state it's only good for couple plays, unless you are a masochist and though FTL was too easy.."
76561198018711139,Not Recommended,249050,25991775,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Mr.GreenSuit,Good game single player but multiplayer is RUINED by steam servers. Any half second hic-up in the steam friends will boot all of your friends from the game with no way to rejoin losing all progress.You'll now notice all of those lovely steam half second outages that never effected you before.
,Not Recommended,249050,23491639,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Spaghetti Bird,the humble bundle keeps giving me things i dont want IWK89-V275Q-4NJEW
76561197962409706,Not Recommended,249050,24193764,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Revival,"C title, glad it was cheap. Game play is kinda fun for a while, then its remarkably grindy. If you want a fun rougelike game, stick with FTL. This game was pretty boring, and crappy."
76561198125050811,Not Recommended,249050,24042727,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,aaronbeedleofficial,"Poorly balanced for an endless game.. in 6 games if lost 6 games due to a sudden burst of overpowered enemies thatt tke out my team in less than two seconds. This is not enjoyable, at all."
,Recommended,249050,12704217,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,cjmixmaster,"2 words, Play it."
,Not Recommended,249050,24225544,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Send Newts,"Chock full of bugs, don't waste your money on this one"
,Not Recommended,249050,13314578,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Renzhe Light,"First Time Review.Don't get tempted like me! I don't like this kind of game play... weird random TD with RPG Rogue Like character... all dungeon are random generated! so you can't use same strategy on it! too hard core for me...Second Time Review.I have try playing this game for couple of hours and you can check my stats. Still I barely reach stage 11 but this game for saving really bad! When I have read bunch of guides, wiki, even watching youtube I barely (and Luck) reach stage that escape pod 11 Floor and feel like some how there is a ray of hope to play this game for n00b. Guess what?! after 6 hours of continuing playing, what did I get? Freeze! Crash! WTFG! just because of switching using shift tab to read the guide! I uninstalled this game immediately!Freaking game! with only 1 save slot! Turn Base Game is mean to have alots of save file! WTF with this game! I really regret to put those 6 hours into this game! I hate this game!"
,Recommended,249050,34535493,Posted: 27 August,all,evil morty,it's okay
,Not Recommended,249050,20656466,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,rpattun,"So, it's obvious if you look at my history that I only bother with reviews if I didn't like the game or was annoyed by something.I actually like Amplitudes games quite a bit. The problem is actually playing them.tldr: if you're on a mac, don't buy this game. It wasn't made for you. Other folks, I'm sure it's good, I wouldn't know.Controller support doesn't work (using 360 controllers that work for every other game i've played on steam, I tried several). After messing with that unsuccessfully I tried to turn off the gamepad controls and found I couldn't. Basically I was stuck on the menu, unable to do anything.Restarted a couple times thinking the game would be smart enough to detect whether or not I was using a controller.It wasn't.I had to completely uninstall and reinstall, at which point It finally gave me a message asking if I wanted to use my keyboard. That would've been great the first couple times I restarted. Why the restart is even needed, I have no idea. Other games seem to be able to handle the switch just fine.So then I try to play with my keyboard only, which I'm not a big fan of for these kinds of games, but whatever, and I get 5 steps through the tutorial when I hit a snag. Apparently, I need a mouse capable of middle clicking to play this game.Between this and my annoyances with Endless Legend's controls, I'm convinced you guys don't bother to test on laptops or macs, like, at all. In case it's not clear: there's no middle click on macs. You need to install third party nonsense most people don't have to simulate it, and generally it's a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ and most mac users won't have it anyway. So why the hell would you require middle click to do anything?Also, I have the 3rd party software people use to emulate middle clicks, and the game is still unplayable.I get it, you prolly got some metrics somewhere saying that only 5% or 10% or whatever of your players are on mac so you don't spend much time testing on that platform. After all, why waste time on such a small minority of users. But this isn't complicated stuff, this is basic UI/UX 101 type♥♥♥♥♥♥ya'll are messing up here.Not trying to be a♥♥♥♥♥♥(ok maybe a little) but I am a little irritated that I dropped 20 bucks on a game I can't even play."
76561197992015799,Not Recommended,249050,13510302,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,neuronetic,"This game is sucks and hopeless. It is unnecessarily hard, no dust, mobs drops nothing, all your steps are calculated before at the begining. Not much tactics just luck. Endless beacuse you die, and start over and over again. It is so worse beacuse this game could be very entertainer, but only your anger get higher and higher. This made for who like suffer."
76561198000318945,Not Recommended,249050,15412175,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Trrcn,This is yet another pixel-graphics game set in a world with fantasy elements and sound.  To top it off it also is a rouglike.  You play areas over and over hopefully gaining loot you would like.  This is getting old.That's all your getting out of me for games like this.
76561198036819459,Recommended,249050,12577995,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,NewtonGang,Best Game NA Hands Down!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197972499865,Recommended,249050,12565000,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Hooch,Not bad.
76561198077086706,Recommended,249050,16537796,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,1989,A tofdp-down rfDFgsimgdilar to it.f
,Recommended,249050,32755547,Posted: 24 June,all,inFamy,good
76561198053666215,Recommended,249050,12604679,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,ziggs is my shiz,awesome game play it!!!
,Not Recommended,249050,8622504,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Raven,"Unless you're buying this game for the new race in Endless Space, don't bother buying this game. At it's current state, it's boring and a waste of time. This game has potential for the future, but I strongly advise against this game in it's current state"
76561197970949128,Not Recommended,249050,8430889,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,BeeF,"Frustrating, steep learning curve, and overall just really not that interesting.Doesn't get my vote.You control a team of space explorers... who appear to be stuck on their own ship? (story line missing) and are fighting random waves of monsters while trying to push out and explore further into the ship.Each door you open makes your life worse with the occasional promise of 1/100 being a chest that has loot..... that sucks."
76561197988021402,Recommended,249050,12661336,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,kingfish_ak,Door opening simulator 2014!
76561198030904545,Not Recommended,249050,12878994,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Douche,"ENG ---2 crashs on 3 play troughs. 5 of 8 hours of playing for nothing (no saves when crashing). Asked steam a refund : they told me 8 hours is too much no refund. Currently asking the editor the refund.What you should keep in mind : game looks great, steam don't care to sell you unstable game and won't take responsibility. Don't trust steam reviews even if you see 99% of happy players on a game.FR ---2 crash sur 3 parties. 5 heures parties en fumée sur les 8 jouées (pas de sauvegarde récupérée). Steam refuse de rembourser au prétexte des huits heures jouées. J'attends le retour de l'éditeur.A retenir : le jeu semble très bien sinon, Steam se moque de vous vendre des jeux instables et surtout ne se sentiront en rien responsable. Ne croyez pas les retours positifs à 99% sur les jeux."
76561198005544725,Not Recommended,249050,13034480,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Ergoban,"I don't see why everyone loves this game as much as they do - it's alright, but certainly not in contention for my game of the year. Levels were repetitive, especially after the first playthrough, and I was disappointed by the options to customize and upgrade characters. There were also (as of Nov 2014) a number of non-game-breaking bugs with the story elements between missions."
,Not Recommended,249050,8258489,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Leana Tora,"Game is enjoyable, I just wish there were more graphic options because the text in all 3 Resolution modes is not really readable and I don't know how to fix thisso till there are more video options I would not recommend this game for older laptops"
,Not Recommended,249050,19622549,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Saito Fox,"After trying my hardest to clear even the first level... I give this game about a 3/10.First levels should'nt be impossibly hard that you have to rely on ""RNJesus"" just to win...RNG games should have a counter balance to the game to have it beatable... not just RNG.. how this gamehas 91% is beyond me..That being said:Pros:+++++ Art style, i love pixel games and pixel based games it was alot of fun don't get me wrong,++ Gameplay, it has alot of kinks mostly, alot of the characters are underpowerd and can die to 1 of the weekest things on the map.+ sound, alot of it sounds like it was from free sound websites and ripped from TF2 prob was. that being said, because these were free sounds and ripped sounds, i give it a +1 for efford (1 +)total points for cons: 8Cons:------ RNG based game, if you are apart of the RNCHRISTION religion, and love Random generated Everything, you will like this (-6)for me however, pure random chance is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game deisgn------ control, it feels like a dumbed down RTS with a crappy leveling system.---- leveling, this is great and all, but its executed poorly, instead of being ""rng door based"" it should be TIMED,So many times i have got like 0 Good rooms and only turret placers... with food being the main thing to LEVEL heros and RESEARCH being needed to level defences... it needs to be timed, and not door based.total points for CONS: 16as you can see, the Cons Double the points in Pros, i would not buy this game for a friend, i WOULD not buy this game again. this game is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mess with free sounds and a terrible mess of a leveling system. and the RNG... is terrible...and endless? maybe because you need RNG to beat the first level and you are endlessly trying to beat levels?"
76561198035450493,Not Recommended,249050,12824590,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,JII,This is a terrible game. I'd love to get a refund I played about 1.5 hours of it and it just sucks so badly. I understand some may fall for the graphics but the gameplay and control is about as fun to use as an atari stick. It's not fun in this format. I was thinking this would be an RPG and it's really a defender game.
76561197998588617,Not Recommended,249050,8916828,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,AoD,"I know it's in Alpha, I haven't seen any major issues with playability from a technical standpoint.  However the game is horrible, too many mobs - no where near enough resources, and IF you don't get the random extra guy that you WON'T be able to afford, there is no way you can fend off everything while moving the crystal.  Random accidents of luck are the only way to get to lvl 2 even.Sorry guys, we all aren't korean frigging gold farmers.  Some of us want to PLAY to have FUN."
76561198006447254,Not Recommended,249050,9800888,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,martinjmills,"Always difficult to tell with early access games whether the issues will be resolved or are intrinsic.  But I found the game as is (version 0.4.5) not worth playing, and in fact close to unplayable.  The graphics are very bad, making it difficult to tell one object from another; and there is no help to explain the symbols and alerts that pop up.  I'll give it another try once it gets closer to release, but for now I definitely don't recommend it."
76561198056119776,Not Recommended,249050,28299042,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,bornbyforce,"First things first, I wouldn't really say I don't recommend it. Just first make sure it is your cup of tea. Because it may very much be not it, though reviews and explanations might suggest so.Well, why I don't like it?1. Why is it so difficult? What is this fascination in game industry in the past couple of years to make games ridiculously unpredictable? Difficulty and learning need to have a balance to make a game enjoyable. Even games with steep learning curves do indeed reward the learning. When elements of randomness are thrown into the game to the level that on ""easy"" difficulty level there are runs in which winning is impossible; I'd call it bad taste than challenge.2. Well, I do see how low graphics appeals to some people, for reasons, like nostalgia I guess. Yes, I do understand 2D is its own thing and feel of it is different. But lower resolution? why exactly? I have been playing computer games for a good 30 years and I don't see why we should find pixellated characters appealing somehow.3. What is this elitist crap thrown at us every step of the way in our gaming adventure? You like to die 200 times before winning the game? fine. You want to die 200 times and claim that you finished the game in 3 runs? Fine again. You are supper talented (or super lucky) and do indeed finish super hard games so fast? Again, fine. Just tell me why a ridiculously unpredictable game where average player has a fairly high chance of losing is called ""easy""? I don't get it.4. This is not really just about the game but rather about the whole game and steam community: You understand what a tower defense is. Right? Are we throwing just names at things? I wonder if anybody asks themselves questions such as ""How much of the elements of a certain gaming genre is supposed to be in a game to be able to call it a game of that genre?""To sum it up, if you are a member of the aforementioned elitist group this might work for you. But beware, the feel of the game is more like shoot them ups of the 1980s than tower defenses of the 2010s though the fans of both genres may actually take offense by that comparison."
76561198042120701,Not Recommended,249050,11713546,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,l.,Very boring and tedious. Repetative. Feels the same.
,Not Recommended,249050,29405227,Posted: 21 January,all,KTG,cool game a bit hard and fraustrating and the gameplay is just horrible it has potential tho
,Recommended,249050,8728413,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Lemonade Warrior,"This game is difficult and unique in a way, and it is finally showing potential and it is going on the fast track to becoming a great game :)"
76561198053032431,Recommended,249050,27949944,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,YamaKami,"This simple game chalk full to the brim with strategy, will keep you coming back again and again.  Hours of fun alone and hours of fun with friends, the various characters and level constraints provide ""endless"" ways to achieve your goals. Add just the right amount of RNG into the mix beyond that, and every game is a fresh game that can be approached in a unique way. I highly reccomened this beautriful pixel art game to anyone that appreciates a well rounded and thought out game. If you need 2016 or greater grahpics to enjoy a game, or do not like a challange, then this is about the only reason to avoid such a gem of a game. Two thumbs WAY up!"
,Not Recommended,249050,16303878,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Techbane,"This is a really hard one to dislike because it has so much going for it. The spritework is absolutely gorgeous, the ambience is great, and there's an impressive merger of mechanics from several genres into one cohesive package. You advance through rooms and collect resources in a vaguely turn-based fashion while setting up emplacements and exploring to find the exit to transport your all-important crystal to. Once the enemies show up, however, you have to deal with them in full realtime, by either building miniature defense turrets or pointing your heroes to the room with the enemies and watching as they hit each other until someone falls over.This is where things start to fall apart for me; I've never been a fan of traditional RTS's, and if I had to put a predominant genre on how this game functions, it feels like a bloated, over-difficult, lackluster objective-based RTS without any clear engagement hierarchy between units. You have to deal with extremely tight resource management to work on upgrades for installations, research, and hero levels -- the latter is achieved by amassing food resources to dump on a hero as a lump sum for a new level, rather than earned by dispatching enemies or exploring; which again, reduces the sense of involvement. The only direct agency you have in a fight is to change rooms, point to a hero and tell them to retreat, or spend food resources on healing.Then you have the extra sadistic layer of how equipment functions; when found, it is deposited in your inventory where it can be stored. Once actively equipped, those items will be lost after the current floor is finished. And naturally, as per the advertised roguelike-like elements, the game is balls-hard, death is permanent, and the only saves are interrupt saves.It seems like an incredibly well made game, but there is a cognitive dissonance between all the mechanics that only evokes overwhelming stress in me. I can't point to a single facet of the game that I actually find *fun*.The tutorial also could have stood to explain a few more things before dumping you into the thick of it."
76561198001668419,Not Recommended,249050,29232147,Posted: 13 January,all,CapFox,Numbing.
,Not Recommended,249050,19353595,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,matt,this game is absolute♥♥♥♥♥not worth 10$ dont buy
76561198096318404,Not Recommended,249050,29436037,Posted: 22 January,all,Kvaz,"Is this a good game? I guess…Do I like this game? No.-Is it tower defense? Well… you really only need the defenses for the infinite swarm when you try to clear a level. So, I’d say no. (You have to go to the next level, you don’t just wipe them out and stay pretty behind your cool defenses.)-Building other structures? Well… only on your current level. You don’t get to keepanyof your buildings across levels. Hope you didn’t like themthatmuch…-Level characters and give them items? Well… You can level them - but they fight on their own (you can activate their abilities, but that seems like weak sauce to me). You can equip them, but the items disappear between levels (where do they go?). So, ‘no’ for developing your ‘own’ character (no skill trees either, just pay to increase their level, heal them, or refresh their activated abilities).-Atmosphere? Beautiful. Love it. Great art. Great music. Too bad that doesn’t save the game."
,Not Recommended,249050,23977700,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,sumotsunami,"I kinda hate this game. Not enough real variety even with the DLC. What kept bringing me back was the challenge to master the strategy to win this pointlessly difficult game. I beat it on ""Too Easy"" which only becomes that type of easy once you have spent about 24 hours figuring out how stuff works in the dungeons. DETAILS DETAILS DETAILS! <-- that's how it works."
76561197974459940,Not Recommended,249050,25078396,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Cosmic,Single player if your into this style is worth its price but the game isn't worth to have felt I needed to post a review.I will give it a thumbs down as it lists Co-op / mutiplayer but it suffers from poor code. Only the 1st time was I able to have a game with two other friends. We could get into the lobby but after everyone selected ready the game fell apart with who ever hosted left ingame. Maybe it works with just two payers then 3?
76561198007318345,Not Recommended,249050,24221528,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,CrAnKeD,This game is not fun to play.  You start in a random area and try to find the exit.  You then carry your crystal that you are protecting to that exit all while fighting off enemies.  I would not recommend this game.  My first refund ever!
76561198190980577,Not Recommended,249050,29426146,Posted: 22 January,all,MangoOnAStick,♥♥♥♥♥Game. Not Even Worth 2.99!
,Not Recommended,249050,23839990,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Goering,"no actual involvement in combat, you just click a room and your dudes go in and shoot♥♥♥♥♥♥til either you or the♥♥♥♥♥♥you're shooting at dies.oh and the menus/ui look ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ get a new font please"
,Not Recommended,249050,23976477,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Jeremythellama1,"Drops you in game, gives you boring tutorials that don't help, next thing you know I'm consistently getting barraged with attacks, then I try grabbing the crystal and ♥♥♥♥ all happen, character trying to grab it is now frozen, Prety sure that's a ♥♥♥♥in bug. If not, then wow do I hate this game.Don't buy! It looks pretty but is actual garbage. Terrible."
76561198030191876,Not Recommended,249050,17164789,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,SuperDoggie,"- Picked Very Easy to see how fair/unfair RNG is.- Completed 7 floors using ONE hero (other three waiting near crystal). I've BARELY had to build ANY defenses whatsoever (it was that easy).- Started floor 8. Cleared most of it with the same hero as always. No defenses whatsoever. Before opening the last door I had 500 industry, 500 science and 300 food. My heroes had levels 10-11 and the best gear I could get up to this point. My main hero had max level (15) since floor 6.* I still can't believe what happened next *- I've opened the last door of floor 8 and the waves of monsters that began spawning from the very few unlit rooms just kept coming and coming- My best lvl 15 hero that I've used to clear everything thus far in the game, he couldn't handle all the waves- Confident that was simply an unlucky dice roll, I've built defenses EVERYWHERE along the route of monsters- Defenses couldn't cope, so I've sent my OTHER THREE heroes to help, for the first time ever- Defenses AND ALL of my heroes together couldn't kill monsters quickly enough, I've even used all of their special abilities (never had to before)- In a desperate attempt to not lose the game I've used ALL 300 units of food to try to sustain falling heroes- Monsters broke through to the crystal- All of my heroes diedAre you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me?"
,Not Recommended,249050,12702842,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,TrentMk4,"It's pretty good, provided you've got a perfect internet connection. We've had multiple disconnects that end the game, or keep everyone stuck in the loading screen until you force close the game. If you want to play this in singleplayer, that's fine, but for multiplayer I would wait until it actually works."
76561198045756757,Not Recommended,249050,12757303,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,CAHOOTS,"2 hours in and I'm not quite sure how to play the game. enemies swarm in unpredictable patterns. there's no room for clever tactics; you can't trick them into going one direction or another. if you spawn an unlucky map, your crystal cannot be defended, or else it is a long, winding, indefensible path away from the exit. if you lose a crew member, there is not much point in going on.I love the concept and feel of this game. I have not tried the multiplayer yet. but a Roguelike is too difficult when you don't know how to improve the odds!"
,Not Recommended,249050,12958537,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,darkmoose,"Great idea, good execution, unfortunately after first completion it loses replay value, becomes repetitive and boring. I was in fact surprised to see that the game repelled me immediately after completing a successful run. Unlocked ships are boring, unlocked characters are boring. This game becomes boring in 5 hours."
76561197978980746,Not Recommended,249050,26524606,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Deathbringer,"You are not able to save the game, even when difficulty is set to very easy. It should be more like terraria, where you can choose a hardmode. A game can easily take more than 1-2 hours and sometimes people don't have that much time to play.The game isn't well balanced, the randomness is still too strong (specially monster spawning), and dust generation mechanics should totally be reviewed, it is almost completely out of control of players.After all, I do prefer to spend my free time with other better balanced games."
76561198069025276,Not Recommended,249050,23810590,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Ilsensine,"Well I've been wantin this game for a while now. So with the steam sale I figured why not. Here is why not:I honestly can't comment on game play because in the hour I ""played"" it crashed to desktop twice, both times resulting with me having to start a new game.  Then I died and the screen went black, music played. After 5 minutes of nothing, no response from keys, I tabbed out and closed the game.What I did play seemed fun, but I also noticed several ghrapics glitches. Over all this game does not seem to be ready."
,Not Recommended,249050,29593215,Posted: 30 January,all,heroina,-
,Not Recommended,249050,13264674,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Al Djeafnte,"Really on the fence with this one, but even the aesthetic can't sway me.  The art design has a lot of subtle elements in it that are really on point that you may not even notice unless you think to look for them.  I really don't care for the mechanics, but I can appreciate the rest of it.  I'm on the fence because the mechanics are a huge part of the game.Intersting concept, and really cool aesthetic.  I like the idea of the mixed game elements, being some kind of mixed RTS game with tower defense elements and the roguelike elements to give it that sense of enduring replayability.However, the actual gameplay is...  There are numbers, but there is almost no context for what the numbers mean.  You do X DPS but what does that mean?  What is defense?You carry on just trying to assume these numbers mean what they mean, and you learn the basic mechanics of the game.And then rules that you have come to understand from the game, as it has presented itself to you thus far, no longer apply.And so you press on anyway because, ♥♥♥♥ it, it's a roguelike, this is par for the course, right?And then you die because the situation you found yourself in is literally unwinnable.  Open 6 doors and get no dust and have to defend your crystal from all 5 room spawns?  Cannot possible recommend this game with luck based algorithms."
,Not Recommended,249050,8045316,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Weeb Queen,"No option to change fullscreen, and no tutorial. I lost someone in combat in my first minute of the game because I had no idea what the hell to do. Might change recommendation in the future if these are sorted."
,Not Recommended,249050,8700440,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Grue,"This game is far from worth ten or twelve dollars. You beat it in under an hour, and replay it several times in less than two, and there's no additional content. Another pure garbage Early Access rip off."
,Recommended,249050,28909851,Posted: 1 January,all,Kolymsky,hahahahahahahahahahahaPlease dont dislike my reviews anymore I put alot of time into thesehahahahahahahahah
,Not Recommended,249050,32486164,Posted: 16 June,all,Linkblade,Making progress takes too long / Gameplay is too slow.
,Not Recommended,249050,12866569,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,sirvaulterscoff,"Not worth a penny. Was a huge fan of endless space, so decided to buy that one, cause all reviews were positive. But the game turned out to be uninteresting one. Just a plain, badly designed, hack-n-slash without any depth"
,Recommended,249050,12942105,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,ImaTaigaRawr,FUN
76561198027007978,Not Recommended,249050,32170390,Posted: 4 June,all,Zeitgeist,"The unbalanced high randomness of each level and the very repetitive gameplay ultimately make for a not very satisfying gaming experience. Also the available difficulty modes are called ""easy"" and ""too easy"" - when comparing this to the actual difficulty in the game, frankly put, this tells me all I need to know about the developers of this game."
,Not Recommended,249050,13598005,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,EXtraDonut,Will this franchise ever end? No??? It is endless!
76561197979343024,Not Recommended,249050,12672151,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Domari,"Played 3-4 rounds of multiplayer. In the first round 2 of us got stuck on the loading screen inbetween floors. In the second round 1 of us dropped out of the ""lobby"". we could still see his character but he couldnt see ours. All in all unpolished game."
76561197991979658,Not Recommended,249050,12458916,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Paul Fisch,I just didn't really like this game.  It was like a more tedious version of ftl.  There should be permanent upgrades that you can unlock after  you die.
,Not Recommended,249050,29434943,Posted: 22 January,all,Windows 95 Is My Aesthetic,"10 minutes after my purchase i request a refund, none of my friends would get it and it appears to be fun only with friends. After trying out single player the tutorial is too much and makes you get right into it. In single player, it makes you control 2 different characters at the same time which is frustrating.**If you do plan on getting this game, make sure you have friends to join you**"
76561198211152908,Not Recommended,249050,29436630,Posted: 22 January,all,BloodyAx [MicS],Controls are bad. Game is not fun in any sense of the word.
76561197962657563,Not Recommended,249050,32784344,Posted: 25 June,all,Drat,"When you combine the fact that floors are procedurally generated and you can just get really unlucky and have a huge wave come with only enough energy to unluck rooms that enable a whopping 3 turrets, with the fact that dying once means you lose everything and start over from scratch, this game gives you a good idea of what it would feel like to be a mouse in a maze built by Sid from toy story."
76561198025336345,Not Recommended,249050,24015931,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Mauricio (M2),"The game is nice, but it's the shortest game I ever played... :-("
,Not Recommended,249050,16264415,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,󠀡𝒮𝓉𝓇𝒶𝓃𝑔𝑒,Great ♥♥♥♥ing game.But ♥♥♥♥♥d itself out to the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ TF2 community.
76561198017717907,Recommended,249050,12980347,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,yanhick,Wow!
,Not Recommended,249050,8037472,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,snipun,"This game just has too much polish that's lacking, even for an early access game.  It assumes a type of roguelike game but doesn't have roguelike characteristics."
76561197984785481,Not Recommended,249050,32780201,Posted: 25 June,all,[DSDIZZT] Lalle75(GER),"This game makes no sense to me. The pixel graphics might be ok, but I don't get the the game mechnics. It contains parts of Tower Defense, RPG, construction, dungeon exploration. But all of these properties don't fit together.You start exploring the rooms, sometimes it contains monsters or ressources or nothing.At the beginning of the game, entering every room kills you, because wave after wave of enemies attack you and your rare defense systems cannot manage the amount of foes.I request a refund after 60 minutes of playing."
,Recommended,249050,8082964,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Kusudama,"It has a fun idea but right now it still needs more work. I know it’s still Alpha but not worth paying for.[Update]So after a few months of ignoring this game in my library I decided to give it another shot. My verdict: It is a great game! When I first played this game it was frustrating and confusing. But after a bunch of plays under my belt it became a very fun and challenge game. The only problem I still have with it is the tutorial. It leaves out a majority of the information you need to play the game. And I believe that’s why I gave this game a 'No' the first time through. I didn’t even know I had defense weapons first couple of play throughs.To the Devs:Make a more in depth tutorial so others, like myself, don’t just give up on your game!8.5/10It’s worth the money!"
76561198033870689,Not Recommended,249050,9621135,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Exiled,Save your money. I know its not done but wow.Oh and for the people who wonder if u can free roam..you cant you click and your char goes into the room but u cant run around at all.Game is trash.
76561197993495787,Not Recommended,249050,30680564,Posted: 22 March,all,John Wesley Harding,"Stupid, stupid game.Sara kills Gorkin the elevator with the sword and ruins your run, ruins your fun. No warning, out of the blue, wastes your time. Why bother playing becuase the devs may arbitrarilykill off the conerstone of your crew. Buy Darkest Dungeon instead."
76561198068978361,Not Recommended,249050,12703425,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,The Nimon,"I'm giving this a thumbs down because the game can randomly crash to desktop each time a new level tries to load. Saved games can also randomly crash when trying to load. Since there is permadeath, a crash means the game is over. Playing on  Windows 8.1. (Tech faq did not solve this problem.)The game has great atmosphere. I like the tech trees and different heroes to unlock. The gameplay is good. Stylish graphics.I really want to give this a thumbs up.  Will have to wait and see if the game breaking bug gets fixed."
,Not Recommended,249050,12703889,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Michael,"It is overall a good game with one major flaw, it is set up as a Rogue-like (single save if you die you start over from the beginning) that takes 3.5 or 4 hours to complete a single play through. Even on the easiest mode the RNG can overwhelm you, and because each stage (there are twelve in the initial unlock; i don't know if different locked starting conditions change this) resets a vital resource (dust, used to power rooms to set up defense and stop spawns) You can easily lose 3+ hours of game play in the later stages as dust gets more scarce and the stages get larger.Because this is a negative review i will also throw in a few nitpicks. The various heroes never seem to be very unique, a melee DPS hero and a ranged DPS hero basically function the same, cyborgs and engineers are not that different, ect... Also some skills are not clearly explained or counter intuitive, examples include spells that increase attack power when no enemies are in the room or what weapons will work with what hero.I really wish their was a save function at the beginning of each stage, or the number of stages was decreased to help with the late stage losses that will set you back hours, if this simple thing was fixed the hours of repetition required to beat the game or even get to the point when you last lost would turn a tedious slog into a fun experience."
76561198045672277,Not Recommended,249050,8055856,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Tris147,Really diasppointed with this game not only because Iwas promised an additional species to play as on Endless space but because the gameplay is uninteresting and appears to have no real objective other then survive a few rounds finding new things to build which have no real advantage to the gameplay. I would not reccomend this game.
,Not Recommended,249050,8075406,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Leo Lionhart,HELL NO!!! Way too difficult for new players who aren't familiar with TD and strategy games.Play it only if you are really good with those!!!!HEHE!!Challenging and entertaining!
,Not Recommended,249050,33851929,Posted: 28 July,all,Laureus,"This game has some interesting stuff, but also crashes all time and has dumb saving system, so you have to be ready to start over and over. Also It's replayability not that high as It used to be. I used to like it, but now I really hate it."
76561197993824256,Not Recommended,249050,30655308,Posted: 21 March,all,MarQan,"TL;DR I'm a big fan of the Endless franchise, but this game is just terrible, thanks to the extremely bad save-game system, which ruins the experience, completely.I started 4 games in the past few weeks, I could only finish 1.1 power-outage, 1 ragequit, 1 game crash.(sidenote: I got no response on their official forums about the game crash after 10 days)I have lot of similar games where permadeath is an important feature, like FTL, Don't Starve or This War of Mine, and neither of those had such problems with savegames. I ragequit in those as well, had my PC crash/power outage, but never lost a game because of those.And that's a 3-4 hour progression lost on higher levels (you need to win to unlock new content).Now there's supposedly a solution where you can make hardsaves by copying certain files/folders and in case of savegame loss you just paste them back (although I haven't tried it myself). But that completely destroys the whole point of playing such a game. With no permadeath it's just a dungeon crawler with mediocre mechanics and next to no difficulty.And before you start defending the game: YES the mechanics are awesome in it WITH permadeath, when your decisions actually have consequences, but with savescumming that disappears completely.Also if savescumming is possible then why make the saving system in such a way that punishes legit players so hard?!No fix for it after 2,5 years, no support response, not even in Known Issues... kinda triggers me..Otherwise it's a really nice game, and most of the good things others write about it are true, so if losing hours of progression randomly doesn't bother you, it's a good buy!"
76561198006561843,Not Recommended,249050,30621402,Posted: 19 March,all,Darkside99x,"Nice artwork, terrible gameplay.Pretty much a defend the tower game."
76561197977267103,Not Recommended,249050,29621250,Posted: 31 January,all,Conspiracy Theory,Not sure if the game needs more than odd players making threats on the forum.Such as from girlyboys called:-BaronBrixiusakaBits360akaXkay7akaxXx♥♥♥♥FacexXxaka-Xkay7aka#SWAG Xkay7akaJeff The KillerakaXkay7 #SWAGakaNot AlphonseakaGin
76561197974025215,Not Recommended,249050,25645023,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,cerulean_dragon,"It has it's fun moments, but it's mostly just insanely frustrating. ""Too Easy"" is anything but. 20 games in, at roughly 2hrs each, not a single win or anything to show for it. That is a LOT of wasted time. And I don't mean ""wasting time playing games"", I don't consider playing games wasting time, I consider it my entertainment. Eventually you reach a point where you simply get zerged to death, no matter how good your room strategy or how well equipped your guys are. It doesn't help that the information is neglible. ""What does this do?"" Who knows, die and find out. That's another thing, there is very, VERY little tolerance for ""whoops"". Open the wrong room, sell the wrong item, and you might as well Abandon and try again.  Can't really recommend. If you get it as part of a package deal, give it a shot, maybe you'll have more luck. Just definitely not worth it alone. Especially frustrating because it really is fun for the most part. Right up until you hit that unstoppable flood of monsters..."
76561198005902220,Not Recommended,249050,30590296,Posted: 18 March,all,Rancor,"Savegame gets wasted if game gets closed without properly shutting it down. This can be a power shutdown, hardware error or anything that shuts the game down accedentially.Allso skill descriptions are vague and dont explain what they really do, game is too hard and frustrating and to top that save game gets deleted issu i vote it 2/10."
,Not Recommended,249050,30001521,Posted: 17 February,all,If U Seek Amy,tf2
,Not Recommended,249050,25919366,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,DarkVexon,"Dungeon Of The Endless is a work of mediocre. The mediocre way the game tediously and slowly makes the many varied guns with hunderds of unique designs unfun to use, everything comes together to make what is certainly a pretty meh game that isn't worth the price alone and DEFINITELY not for DLC as well."
,Not Recommended,249050,8129380,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,RobotConnect,"Demon's Souls, Dark Souls, and Bloodborne put them together in an 32-bit game and you have Dungeon of the Endless. When they say endless they mean it, this game is unforgiving. Super hard with little to no control on how to play this game.  I'm not a fan of this game play but love the art style, hope the next one doesn't come out anytime soon.  This game gets a 3 out of 10 stars - RobotConnect signing off...   PS: I know this is an early access game but i paid good money for it!"
,Recommended,249050,28729236,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Shvingy,"Do I have this game?  I don't remember buying this, nor do I see it in my library.  It looks cool though so im going to add it to my wishlist."
76561197967802920,Not Recommended,249050,32515368,Posted: 17 June,all,kLosD.KaxkeTT,"uninstalled after 10 minutes. you choose a door for your guy to go to. he then goes to that door. if theres monsters on the other side of that door he will fight them, not controlled by you."
76561197994462184,Not Recommended,249050,8035024,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Ravenwoods,"I am pretty disappointed by this game. I thought it would be more like Dungeon Dashers in space. It IS NOT! You don't even have full control over your characters. Art, music and UI are nice but the gameplay is not that fun (at least not yet) imo."
76561198043617670,Not Recommended,249050,8035854,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Clitcomander,"bought the game, tried to get help, seems to be something on my end and yes its in alpha but its THE only game in my whole collection that WON'T work and they can't seem to help me....soooooo no recommendation here, will update if I get to play it."
76561198030819477,Not Recommended,249050,25993006,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,isaac_bender,"I like a challenge, but this is hard to the degree that it's not fun."
,Not Recommended,249050,12745838,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,nirth,"So, I do not recommend this game to people with trackpads until it's fixed.This game seems to be unplayable without a mouse. I play games a lot on my laptop with trackpad and it doesn't allow me to rebind an action away from middle mouse key.  Also game crashes sometimes on Mac OS X 10.10. But yeah it unplayable on laptops at this point."
76561197968736983,Not Recommended,249050,12747188,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Quasar,right now the game crash every time: i can start a mission but i only got to the 4th floor because of a game crash. this game is incomplete
76561198083484031,Not Recommended,249050,25100798,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,chazz0715,Fun game to play once every 6 months.
76561198042192072,Not Recommended,249050,12730964,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Zod the Defiler,"I see an almost endless list of recommendations for this game... why? Simple truth is I just dont like this game. The videos on the steam store made it look much more action paced than it really is. You dont manually controll anything really. I like the idea of the randomly generated levels, and the different characters and the items and all that. My main gripe with the game is that Dust is too scarce. I will have 45 dust which means I can power only 4 rooms but I will have 14 rooms open that are all dark which means you cant build in them, and monsters spawn in them. It creates the situation of opening a new door and constantly having to run back to stop a horde that, depending on how many different directions you had to go, can come from all directions. At that point its most likely that your crystal will take damage which takes away your Dust total which powers down the few rooms you had with turrets and its just a cascading affect untill death. Ive never really wanted a refund for a product I got off of steam, but for this one, I want my money back. I just dont like it."
76561198009851959,Recommended,249050,8008549,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Ghost,its fun
,Not Recommended,249050,31573196,Posted: 5 May,all,Duglee,"litrlally a waste olf my money, boring af."
76561198178731715,Not Recommended,249050,31871181,Posted: 20 May,all,roadkill401,"For a game to be fun, you have to be able to figure it out.  this game is about as intuative as figuring out a rubics cube with your hands tied behind your back.  I am sure it can be done, but not what I want to spend my limited free time doing.  But sadly you have to purchase some dud games to find the few gems.  I'd give this one a total pass.  Sorry.  No Go."
76561198014277673,Not Recommended,249050,29145469,Posted: 9 January,all,Oranix,Didn't like it. Refunded.
76561198002921158,Not Recommended,249050,23803733,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Deadz0,"This game is terrible. I'm sorry but it just plain sucks. Don't waste your money. Even with the steam summer sale, still don't buy this piece of garbage."
76561198007513026,Not Recommended,249050,30329470,Posted: 4 March,all,malcolmmackay224,"Not sure how this game got such positive reviews. Everything about it is horrible - graphics, controls, gameplay, useless tutorial.I haven't had great luck with games from Amplitude so I guess I shouldn't be surprised."
76561198123278947,Not Recommended,249050,22856743,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,ehv1126 csgotower.com,.
,Not Recommended,249050,31779193,Posted: 15 May,all,theBrost,Check out my review:Dungeon of the Endless Sloghttp://awkwardmixture.blogspot.com/2017/05/dungeon-of-endless-slog.html
76561198281119029,Not Recommended,249050,30485881,Posted: 12 March,all,omega,total rubbish
76561197995542276,Not Recommended,249050,30462737,Posted: 11 March,all,ikelarion,"The two difficulties the game provides are called ""Easy"" and ""Very easy"", demonstatic the developers' very poor understanding of the English language."
76561198065876761,Not Recommended,249050,34338600,Posted: 18 August,all,RebelKillSwitch,"Just not fun, its literally bland after 20 mins"
,Not Recommended,249050,32792630,Posted: 25 June,all,hepatitisdd,"Wow, this is a really stupid game. Like it's just awful. Who enjoys this?"
76561198088811209,Not Recommended,249050,31633040,Posted: 8 May,all,Nemoto,bad game
,Not Recommended,249050,29368388,Posted: 19 January,all,thi(c)²,i am not having many funwow!
76561198113230084,Not Recommended,249050,29364105,Posted: 19 January,all,HellBringer,"Waste of time and money, all endless saga. blhac."
76561197988281569,Not Recommended,249050,26007540,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,pvinnitsky,I don't get it.
76561197964986430,Not Recommended,249050,26049300,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Necro,I obtained this game as a part of a bundle and played it for a few minutes. It feels like a free flash game. The graphics and game-play were not appealing enough to make me play more than approximately 10 minutes.
,Not Recommended,249050,29374676,Posted: 20 January,all,Apollo105,THIS GAME IS PURE HUMAN FECES. IT's so♥♥♥♥♥♥you'd better off doing dishes than playing this.
,Not Recommended,249050,25987645,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,dc,"Terrible controls, zero gameplay.  I wouldn't want this game if it was free."
76561198101982179,Not Recommended,249050,25939263,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Wittman,"They banned the only chinese mod for endless legend, so just here to give a no recommend to developer"
,Not Recommended,249050,28785123,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,SVK PETO,too old
,Not Recommended,249050,26004800,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,KackTheTripper,"Refund!!!! Man thank you steam for the refund policy! Game is just bad, but so is Endless Legend so I don't know what I was expecting. Wasn't worth the 2.99 I paid for it on sale."
76561198030812332,Recommended,249050,10674148,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Râbble,"With charming visuals and simple controls, this rogue like is well worth your time. It is a little unpolished, but the developers are still working on new features and more content. In its current state I'd give it 8 pixels out of 10, but it has the potential to be a ten on my list."
,Recommended,249050,10627015,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Zeralias,"Strategic, simple dungeon crawler. Good time killer."
76561198079801801,Recommended,249050,10415768,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Amarellon,"This game is a great mashup of Tower Defense and RPG elements in a turn based type of game. As of writing this (June 2014) it is still a work in progress, but the music is great and the gameplay mechanics are quite enjoyable. It's a wonderful way to spend a couple free hours then get on with your life."
,Recommended,249050,10397325,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,[GWJ]UMOarsman,"Wow! Best Early Access game I've played yet. Crazy fun mashup of tower defense and rogue-lite dungeon crawling. While I'd usually say ""keep an eye out"" for this one, it's already good enough to recommend purchasing (especially at the 25% discount currently offered)."
,Recommended,249050,10361056,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,wavinautomaticguns@nuns,"Bought this game a while ago, very impressed with the progress they have been making.Shaping up to be a fantastic game, and it's already top notch."
76561198036943025,Recommended,249050,9512462,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Lord Akronus,"The way the game is set to progress is definately a good addition to the dungeon crawling genre, but the only true way to make a dungeon crawl efficient is to have challenges that force you to make decisions. Choosing from door to door is a decision based process, but It feels weightless. Also due to the fact that your generators dont continue to assist you once you change floors it makes your decisions you made in the past worthless.(unless you spent everything) Add some bosses that block your path, make the poison gas strengthen monsters, and allow us to lock useless doors for a price. That way my crystal doesnt get destroyed by that dark room at the start."
76561198025522653,Recommended,249050,9559090,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Kyphis,"Very interesting. A lot of promise, although the fact that it is still in development is pretty evident in some places. For the most part, it is a fully playable, complete experience, and I highly recomend it.The only limits that I have come across are - there is a limited selection of heroes (although, well more than you can use at a single time); there are not many types of turrets to choose from (three main offensive ones, two room support, and three hero support turret types for the minor turrets; three resource turrets, one global turret support turret, and one global hero support turret for the main turrets); there are only two difficulty settings so far; and lastly that you can only play six levels.That said, even playing on the easiest setting, it took me about 12 hours to finally beat those six levels.A simple game to play, a real challenge to master. 6/10 for the alpha, but I expect I'd rate it 8/10 once everything is finished (there are a few features under construction that I am very interested to explore)"
76561198050307417,Recommended,249050,9565055,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,marshamsam,"Really enjoying this game. Can be pretty difficult, which makes it more replayable.Looking forward to the updates that are being planned, and very impressed by the regularity and quality of previous updates.Would recomend to anyone who likes dungeon crawlers and tower defence, or someone who likes a challenge."
,Recommended,249050,9606092,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Wisp,"Mights still be an early alpha but this game has great potential. I like tower defence and dungeon bash type games, and this somehow is both."
76561198117287235,Recommended,249050,10234874,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Savage Duck,its hard to get at first but you pick up on it really fast i see this becoming really fun with more people and hopefully a little more balanced out
76561198057555596,Recommended,249050,10243585,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Komakon,"So epic, I had to buy this twice!"
,Recommended,249050,10245905,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Savage Danklord,This game has been good from the start. I am a major fan and cant wait until the full version comes out. I would recomend this game too anyone! There is already so much content and its only getting better as they update it often. GET THIS GAME!!!
,Recommended,249050,10591863,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Lietzu,This is a pretty damn fun rogue-like. It's very challenging and extrememly promising.
76561198042359590,Recommended,249050,10593782,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,MineDefender,"Wonderful pixilated art, gameplay excitment anywhere from extremely casual to button mashing heart attacks. Imagine getting boarded in FTL without being able to shut the airlocks; This game is that and much, much more."
,Recommended,249050,10744072,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,CamioTheFox,"A combination of a rogue-like dungeon crawler and Tower Defence, this game is a great playing experience."
76561198028390196,Recommended,249050,10744361,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Cynmgr,Fun Game for those who enjoy pixelated games.
76561198052160951,Recommended,249050,10169529,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Insert Name Here,great TD like game cant wait to see multiplayer if it will be co op or competitive
,Recommended,249050,10034133,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,chaotea,"This is a Fantastic game. A RPG, Rogue-like, Tower Defense hybrid. The game features great art, and unique gameplay mechanics. The game rewards careful planning, and can be played intensely, or casually as you can save and quit any time you like.I strongly recommend this game."
,Recommended,249050,10041152,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,ResidentNinja,"It's always a treat to run across a unique game. Even in Alpha, Dungeon of the Endless is worth every penny. It has a unique retro charm, drips atmosphere, and has an engaging blend of tower defense, exploration, tactical coordination, and tech tree exploration."
76561197978764164,Recommended,249050,10065063,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Bucklebutt,"no regrets at all with this purchase, it is fun as is, but i cant wait and see what the developers have in store for the final product!"
,Recommended,249050,10084128,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Pigeons Rule,"One of the best Indie u could get!!! Dungeon of the Endless contains all factors of An RPG, Tower Defense, Rogue-like, etc. The  game is difficult at your first time playing. However, after a few tries and tips online, u will get addicted. Hope to see more contains in the Beta!!!"
76561198025327344,Recommended,249050,10087099,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,100CupsOfCoffee,"Though I played while the game was still in early stages of development, it has an awesome game design. This game is meant to make you think out your route, when to build defensive rooms, who to recruit in terms of abilities provided to your entire party (max 4 at a time), what equiped items will benifit the most... I could go on for a while. Highly suggest picking this one up if you enjoy the dungeon defense/exploring genre. Kinda plays like FTL. Not for those who rage easy :)"
76561198006310957,Recommended,249050,8416936,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,inzane22,"A most excelllent early game that is worth 10 for the game alone (I bought full pack and will give feedback on Endless Space which i used the coupon on later). This game is fun in its current state and will only get better. Great dungeon crawling mixed with forced exploration and some 'tower defence' elements. When peoplel say it's tower defense it's definitely not the typical fare. You guard your core till you find the exit while you level up and equip your characters. You then pick up your core and move it to the exit of the level. I can't wait till they start implementing character skills and tech trees. Loosely put, a very very promising indie title."
76561198069894224,Recommended,249050,8427652,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,km_md60,"It's a good foundation of a complex, roguelike game.If you want a good dungeon crawler - this is not the game for you. It's half RTS/TBS 4X game with extreme element of surprise mix into it. You crash into an isolate planet with two crews at the begining and you have to expand, explore, exploit, and exterminate to survive.I think the game's lack of tutorial is a big plus - no hand holding, just you and the game. How fast you can learn all the thing (which isn't much, for now) is the only factor stopping you from advancing in the game. Despite minimalist graphic, the game express utself pretty well. I don't think the game need more polishing in this aspect. In fact, I love this kind of graphic style.Gameplay itself divided into two phase. Safe phase which you can build stuff to increase your resource and defend your self. Another phase is room-opening phase which you choose one room to open and random event(s) occur. During this room-opening phase  is where tension is highest and the game really shine.Recommend it, especially on sales."
76561197984867952,Recommended,249050,8436969,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,soban,Pretty fun but needs a lot more content.
,Recommended,249050,8437722,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Douglas Kim,"A simple yet clever rogue-like dungeon crawler, with the potential to be a great, and ruthless, experience.The artwork looks fantastic and the gameplay is quite simple and fluid, you'll need to develop new strategies and adapt them every time you begin a new game in a completelly different, randomly generated, dungeon you'll find your heroes into. The heroes have different stats and classes that will help or impair your planning and force you to learn their weakness and strengths to be able to survive until the next level, and their backstory, besides being interesting, have a deeper meaning if you've ever played 'Endless Space'.Be warned, this game is still in alpha, you'll die a lot and is lacking a lot of features, but you'll still enjoy it nevertheless."
76561197984072136,Recommended,249050,8491197,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,ΞProgenitorΞ,Looks and plays nicely.Runs suprisingly smooth for an alpha version.Inventory humor contributes to the giggles.Glad to be aboard to watch it grow
76561198046792081,Recommended,249050,8492005,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Hiddenshade,"For players & Pro gamers who enjoy tower defense, rouge dungeon crawling games this game is for you. I am very excited for the game to be finished, I would give it a 9 out of 10 stars if I could."
,Recommended,249050,8506648,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,TheMazoku,What I like about the game is the strategy implied and turret set ups. I do not like the limited move capabilities.
,Recommended,249050,8511239,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Alistair02,"The game makes already fun and is challenging. Of course many contents are still missing. But one must not forget, that it is still a game in alpha stage.But I think in the end it will be a good game."
76561197967829004,Recommended,249050,8512548,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Deus Vult,"Sehr fordernd, sehr anspruchsvoll, äusserst lohnenswert! Die Herausvorderung ist die Belohnung. Jede Tür eine neue Überraschung."
76561197965925084,Recommended,249050,8514534,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,thek42,It's not done but it is awesome.
76561198015346069,Recommended,249050,8520472,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Almucantarat,A game with great potential. It's already enjoyable!It's a mix between defense and exploration.
,Recommended,249050,8524133,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Pot Of Greed,"A very good strategy game. Perfect of you love to manage a group of people to kill, and loot."
,Recommended,249050,9095527,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,lorddax,"I'd write a longer review if I wasn't itching to try and get one more level deeper in the dungeon. This game meshes tower defense, rougelike, and resource management so very very well. You'll often find yourself wondering if you should build out a room as a fall back point or keep pushing just a little further. You will die a lot in the beginning. You'll learn a little bit more about the game each time, and you'll find yourself wondering if you made the option to build something else would your team still be alive. . ."
76561198018841447,Recommended,249050,9097636,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,OuterLimits,"After beating this game, I must say it was a challenging but rewarding experience. Short and sweet. If you like scifi based dungeon/tower defense style gameplay with a slight rpg perk to it, you will enjoy this game. From my experience this is the type of game that leaves you hungering for more after beating it. Right now I can easily give this game a 4/5, but only a 5/5 when the game eventually matures. Its an addicting game for an early release, and a must buy for indie gamers."
76561198096880878,Recommended,249050,9098544,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,danielrich1986,"this game is really good, but wow it is hard, like tooooooo hard at times, like almost always 2 or 3 wave of monsters at second or 3rd door, then you lose one of your 2 chars and then your just donezo. it would be nice if the monsters were maybe a lil easier, or less waves when early in the game, or how about this, when a wave is incoming, give it a 5 or 10 sec delay before they show to allow me to actually get where i need to be to defend so i dont just lose everythig... haha this is not a bad review, i love the game, im just giving some ideas, maybe when game is done there will be difficulty settings?"
76561197999475503,Recommended,249050,9100180,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Mailanka,"Evocative, frustrating, deceptively simple but richly rewarding.  It's only in alpha and already I'm fascinated by the game.  I think it can only get better from here."
,Recommended,249050,9101161,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Panderous,"This is a solid Early Access game. I got into it before they had added a lot of the features they have now, but seriously, the concept is a solid exploration and escape tower defense. Its loads of fun."
76561198074399251,Recommended,249050,9134214,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Neo Annubis,"Self: I want to play a game today....Me: Well I don't want to play multiplayer but ok--Self: Dungeons of the endless it is!----This game is pretty chill and keeps me engaged for an hour or two at a time (3 hours the first night I played). It's more for when you want to kill time and keep your brain distracted. I personally got the Founders Pack after watching a few videos and really getting into the game. The Founders Pack isn't necessary but this game is certainly fun to play. I would suggest it to anyone who likes Rogue games or Tower defense games (since it is a blend of the two).The only complaint I have is one on my personal skill:Healing your troops in combat is a struggle. You only get 4 guys at max, and it is around 200+ food to level a guy to the max level (Level 1 to Level 6). Considering you only get like 4 food per station and 2 food as long as your reactor is up this takes a while to stockpile (unless you have guys using the consoles when you open doors, then you can get a few more resources which I think is based off of your character's wit? Can't confirm but I got an item to improve wit for the nurse character and she suddenly could give me +3 food when she was at a food console...). It only costs 5 food to heal a troop instantly (or a 2-3 door cooldown nurse AoE overtime heal in a powered room/10 industry regen console in a turret spot), but it adds up overtime. When you get to a choke point for 3 waves at the same time, your troops might be overwhelmed... and at the higher levels you will usually have two paths like this, with the third path being the way to the exit (with my luck, this is how it normally happens to me).TLDR - Good game. Fast paced. Keen strategy and tower defense gameplay. 10/10"
76561197990252923,Recommended,249050,9138867,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Griever,"Strategic, rewarding experience. Unforgiving at times but satisfying when you get the hang of it. It's in alpha so there are some bugs.  Highly recommened. Think FTL+Turret D. Gorgeous art design, it's what sold me."
,Recommended,249050,9151724,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,TheOctoDad,A great strat to a game. Additting and hard to put down even thought its not even beta yet.
76561198084294210,Recommended,249050,9060978,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,MADM3TAL,"Dungeon of the Endless is a game that I will be setting my eyes on as it grows into the unique experience everyone will love.  However as it is in alpha its still an unpolished gemstone and there are certian things that still need to be adressed (Bugs, glitches, and of course more content).  The game captured me instantly with its interesting strategy approach making me indecisively look at a door for five minutes thinking of the consequences that may be behind it, and of course the great combination of dungeon crawling and tower defense.  Do I Reccomend this game HELL YES, but I would wait untill its closer to being done, so save up your cash and forum stalk the developers because this game is definetly worth watching :D .-Ideas For Updates--Hotkeys for placing modules, healing, and skills-More interaction from character ai (the ai will occaisionally say something like idk.. DIE ALIEN SCUM)-Easy Drop-in, Drop-out co-op (this game has the perfect setup for cooperative play)-Stats so you can brag to your friends-An actual endless mode which is.....well endless-Crafting on the fly (using dust, industry, blueprints, and ?science?-Items will chnage the characters appearance (changing armor and weapons changes your character appearance"
,Recommended,249050,9065705,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,mcdoubler,"I love this game, I recommend it to those fans of puzzle games, RTS lovers, and arcade-seekers. HOWEVER, I have one major complaint and that is when the game is paused, and I want to redirect movement of my heroes, the game will lag and my character will be frozen, and running. I'm not sure if this is a solveable problem but the gauntlet (crystal run) stages would run a lot more smoothly and my character would be absorbing damage while remaining unmovable. I would love this game if they just fixed that tiny problem. Looking forward to the real deal."
,Recommended,249050,9072001,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,dizomonkaze,"Simple, but fun.  Hours and of fun plenty of challenge."
,Recommended,249050,9072732,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Dagonus,"I have been pleasantly surprised by this game. I was sold on the extra skins and races for Endless Space and Endless Legends. I figured actually getting dungeons was a bonus. I have thoroughly enjoyed being able to play 20 minutes at a spell here and there and not feel like I'm losing any part of the game. It's fun, fast, frustrating. Worth having if you like quirky games that play well."
,Recommended,249050,9192104,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,robotrobb,"Super fun, lots of replayability, only wish it had multiplayer."
76561198005403826,Recommended,249050,9247285,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,RogueM99,This game is very addicting. Every update has only improved my experience thus far. It is slowly growing on me as one of my favorite games in my library.
76561198037868316,Recommended,249050,9249444,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,The Dubious Diglett,"This game is so good. Being only in Alpha, the game is already polished and fun. It may be short right now, but the amount of content already in it makes me so excited for what is to come. I love playing it again and again, because every playthrough is varied enough to keep me on my toes. A couple glitches happen now and then, but they are not game breaking or anything. 10/10, will keep playing again and again"
76561197983170143,Recommended,249050,9261992,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,CrispyAD,Early days yet but this game is bags of fun. Graphics somehow win me over more with their style than anything else. Great start and evolving with great interaction from developers. Support FTW
,Recommended,249050,9267661,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Dendrilops,"Roguelike randomly generated dungeon crawler. It feels like FTL meets dungeons. Every time I play it's always the same ""NOOOOOOOO I LOST BROSKI"" or ""AWW YIS!! I FOUND THE SPIDER LADY MADE OF DPS!"""
76561198060044873,Recommended,249050,8401940,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,AngryCorgi,"This game is really interesting. Still has lot to be done on it. At this point, to me, it seems extremely hard, but I'm excited to see how this game develops because it looks like it has great potential."
,Recommended,249050,9292097,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Kamakaze ~ ♪,"I was skeptical at first.A rogue-like RPG Tower Defense Adventure Action game?You what mate?Then I played it.Wow, it's so addictive. And fun.I definitely reccomend it, grab yourself a squad and don't forget to build bases.You'll become attached to your troops. Like my brave Ninja who lead the enemy into my traps countless times. RIP ol' buddy. ;n;"
76561198059517490,Recommended,249050,9294724,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,George V,Absolute indie gem.
76561197967451608,Recommended,249050,9297191,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,WeeZy,"This game is still in Early Access at the time of writing this, but I have to say that so far, it is a TON of fun. It is a roguelike/strategy game kind of like a tower defense, but a whole lot more. Downsides: in it's current state, the game is fairly short. I have already found all the items and characters and have beeten it. Granted it took me quite a few tries to beat it, but my average win game time is about 2 hours. Once again, they claim that there will be more added in the future and I am looking forward to that."
,Recommended,249050,9338569,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,STEALTHxKILLZ,killer game hard as hell sometimes but real fun
,Recommended,249050,9340562,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Grug,"Dungeon of the endless is I think, one the best hardcore indie games to come this year. It is a melting of dungeon crawling, strategy/tower defense with a little touch of RPG. I think it could really be another FTL phenomenon."
,Recommended,249050,9348226,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Fox&Noodles,"Fun action, strategy. The dev's are really making this into a honest good game. Worth every penny."
76561198005572329,Recommended,249050,9365143,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,DaddySD,"Once you get past the initial learning curve, the game is surprisingly deep and replayable. FlyByNo's soundtrack is once again perfect for the setting and worth at least part of the price of admission."
76561197999855166,Recommended,249050,9618089,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,[2BaZ]- AxL -,"Ok les jeux en pixel art, c'est la grande mode en ce moment.Mais Dungeon of the endless a un petit truc en plus, qui donne envie d'y revenir.Certes il  est dur. Pas à comprendre, pas à jouer. Mais le simple fait de passer le niveau 3 aprés 5-6 essai en galerant apporte une telle satisfaction qu'on n'as qu'une seule envie après avoir été utilisé pour nettoyer le sol, c'est de recommencer."
76561198053969054,Recommended,249050,9639929,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Frost,great game hard but not to hard
76561198054086802,Recommended,249050,9648184,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Mohander,"Dungeon of the Endless is an already brillaint piece of innovation and gameplay. It takes a while, and a few deaths, to get to know the game and its core gameplay. If you do not have the patience to take your time, die a few times and work on strategies to progress - Look elsewhere, this game is not for you then.It's all about different tactics, hero selection, hero positioning and module allocation. It is not much of a Tower Defense game, at this Alpha stage, but it does have a slight aspect of the mode. Don't expect a traditional Tower Defense game though.I love the game, the graphics, the difficulty and gameplay. It brings something new and heartbeating to the strategy 'sector' of gaming. It truly stands out.As stated on the Amplitude Studios forums:MISCSteam CD keysThe keys that will pop up when you launch your game are for the Amplitude Studios website. You need to create an account and redeem them on your profile: they will unlock forums awards and G2G points. Please visit the FAQ on our website.With that being said - If you decide to buy a pack, which I strongly suggest you do, don't forget to create an account on their website and redeeom your key(s) to get the points you deserve for supporting the dev team and the game.Sincerely,Mohander"
,Recommended,249050,9656635,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,stxpal,"This is still in Alpha, however it already is a solid and fun game to play. Simple pixel graphics and simple game play with some RPG elements thrown in make for a very fun game you can play for a few min or spend hours trying to escape..... id say go through the door"
,Recommended,249050,9662405,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,metric.seven,"Here's my money, now make something awesome! *-*"
76561197970777522,Recommended,249050,9662878,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,pguyton,Extremely fun and unquie! I've been very impressed with all of amp's games so far and I'm very much looking forward to Endless Legend !
,Recommended,249050,9668152,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Luciforged,This is fun. I don't have alot of time to right a detailed review but its a rogue type squad game where you have to manage your supplies and escape from a crash site.
,Recommended,249050,9669235,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Ryk,"Pretty fun so far, but it DOES need a difficulty nerf, I keep getting to only level 3 at max on the easer of the two difficulties avalible. But hey, maybe I just suck at the game! :D"
76561198074575920,Recommended,249050,8044606,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,StarLord741,"absolutely love this game, just beat the alpha version"
76561197990381127,Recommended,249050,8045875,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,TheEggMan,This game is awesome.
76561197970754741,Recommended,249050,8045948,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Boone,"Great game, highly recommend."
76561198061384419,Recommended,249050,8046127,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,GamingMonstar568,fun game it is only in alpha and i really like but could makeit a little less enermies when u grab the crystal and try to get to the exit.
76561198034031349,Recommended,249050,8046315,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,jeereemee,"the strategy, music, pixels, and lasers are all exceedingly remenicent of the rogue-like starship sim Faster Than Light. The atmosphere of exploring dark passages while still protecting home base and putting out fires makes this a beautiful port of the tension in FTL. on top of the feel, there's also managing resourses and upgrading your crew. i'm in heaven."
,Recommended,249050,8047060,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Hrimfar,Riktigt najs och basic strategispel som förmodligen kommer att bli riktigt jäkla bra när det väl släpps.
,Recommended,249050,8047081,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Xebeche,"The game looks promising.I didn't advance deeper into the dungeon yet but till now everything looks in shape and worthed my time.I also have a feeling that the deeper I'll go the more interesting it will get.It's of course not a main course but still a delicious dish, and deserves a chance."
76561197970312003,Recommended,249050,8048270,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,zcramer,"Terrific game! I couldn't put it down until I got through all three levels. Even at this early alpha stage, it's well balanced, easy to play, and utterly addictive. Can't wait for the rest!"
,Recommended,249050,8048271,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,DoctorDoomDoom,"I'm writing this review having explored all the features this game has to offer as of Alpha 0.1.1. Honestly, all this game needs is more content. I was expecting so many bugs (this being the first Early Access Game I've purchased), but I've experienced no bugs at all. If you are even slightly interested in this game and decide that you want to buy it, make sure you buy the founders pack. There is no upgrade from pixel pack right now, and trust me, if you end up loving this, you'll wish you had founders. I'm glad I bought it on founders.This game is an abstract mix between tower defense and rogue-like strategy, including turn based and real time stragetic elements. It's chaotic to describe, but the elements blend together into a seamless experience. You start in a single room and a single crystal to protect. In order to proceed, you have to open doors which introduces enemies that want to kill you and your crystal. Most rooms have little stations that you build towers on. The towers are few right now. You get two towers that generate production (the currency to buy towers with) and food (used to recruit new heroes you find, level up your heroes, and heal them in combat), two towers that augment the heroes in the room (increase damage or defense of heroes in the room), and three attack towers (light, medium, and heavy towers). It looks like they will add more towers later. In order to build towers, you must light up the room using the crystal. Each room costs 10 dust to keep on, dust being what the crystal is made of. You earn dust by killing enemies that show up in freshly opened rooms or spawn in dark rooms.Some rooms have heroes available for hire, a merchant to purchase from and sell to, items to place on your hero, and little deposits of food, pruduction, or dust. Beware, the merchant can be killed by the enemies that spawn every once in a while. The items have a touch of witty humor, adding great character to an already distinct game. The items increase attack damage, defense, speed, health, and sometimes they give a health regen bonus.You simply proceed through the dungeon, opening doors, killing enemies, and collecting resources. If you spend your resources correctly and place your towers well, you can get through an entire game without having to heal your heroes even once. Eventually, you'll come across a room that is an exit to the next level. This is where the genius of the developers shines. You have to collectively manage your heroes to bring the crystal -- which severly slows down the hero carrying the crystal -- to the exit. When you pick up the crystal, enemies start spawning constantly. It's really easy to lose heroes at this stage, so it's very frantic to defend the hero carrying the crystal while healing the ones on defense. I wasn't paying much attention at the time, so I'm not sure of the logic of rooms that stop working when you take the crystal from its place, but it looks like when you pass through a room that was light by the crystal, the room turns off. Once you place the crystal on the exit, you move to the next level and do the whole thing all over again!There are currently three levels available in the current state of the game. It's not challenging quite yet, but there are two major features of the game that aren't available yet that I think will change the difficulty of the game. First are skills on each hero. Second is a science icon along side the production and dust icons. In Endless Space, Amplitude's previous game, science was simply the unit used for researching technologies. I would like to think something simliar will be introduced into Dungeon of the Endless later on. These two things will likely require Amplitude to rebalance the difficult of the game.The game is short right now, so waiting wouldn't be a bad idea but for the sale currently running. This is easily one of the best games I've ever played and I can't wait for more content."
76561198037155764,Recommended,249050,8049206,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,random16,iv enjoyed the game  ya its an early Access game but vary well done
,Recommended,249050,8049440,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Jasta,"The first tower defense game I can think of that actually does something different - probably because it feels a lot more like a dungeon crawler than a TD. Very promising start for an Alpha, can't wait for more features - which it does run out of reasonably quickly at this early stage.My only gripe is that sometimes it gets a bit too hectic. Tension and intensity is fine sometimes but I like to try and minimise it with good planning and sometimes that's just not possible due to the randomness of the game. Pretty certain that's to do with the game missing big chunks of content though so not a huge deal.Really fun, interesting game."
76561198037028318,Recommended,249050,8049735,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,ShootGunMan,"This game visually is solid, gameplay wise, pretty fun, and with more to come, I think its a good purchase.My only problem with the game is the tutorial is not nearly enough to grasp the proper way to play the game, but I guess thats part of the fun, figuring it out"
,Recommended,249050,8049961,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Malcom Flex,"Dungeon of the Endless - though the game isn't endless just yet - is a great game and concept so far. You start out with two heroes that have crash landed and need to get their power core to an elevator in order to progress through levels of a dungeon with increasing size and difficulty. As you explore, you'll find merchants that will sell you gear for power dust, other heroes that you can feed to join your party, and food/industry caches to get a quick boost in your food/industry supply. This game requires strategy and quick thinking in order to survive and advance. I do reccommend this game so far (I bought the Founder's version since it was on sale), and some details about the game so far are below if you feel like reading them all, considering I have a lot to say about it.So far, I've only encountered about or six different heroes. Each one has a unique characteristic, and each one is valuable in their own way. You need food to recuit, heal, and level up each hero. The heroes use one of four different weapon types, and stats varying in usefulness. One character has high HP and DMG potential, another has very high speed potential, one has high WIT potential, etc. At the moment, the maximum attainable level is five. Active and Passive skills are coming in a future update, while the passive skill that lets you repair modules already in game, though only four of the six characters have it.There's two types of generators so far (with one more that seems to be planned), Food and Industry, with Tech or Science being a possible third. Every hero has the ability to increase a generator's output by being in the same room, as long as no mobs are in the room with the hero. How much the output is increased is reliant on the hero's WIT (+1 output for every 5 points of WIT). Industry is needed to build modules, and food is needed to supply heroes. Exclusive heroes will be available to those who purchase the Founder's version at the game's launch.Dust has two uses, as a currency for Merchants, and as power for rooms (10 Dust = 1 room). Considering how these two tie together, you have to be very careful with how you use them. Mainly, spend too much dust on Merchants, and you won't have the ability to power rooms, which may make or break the game for you. At the moment, you can only buy weapons, armor and misc gear, with blueprints and tech coming later.The only bug I've found so far is that sometimes when all mobs are destroyed in the room, then the hero will provide a +2 to a generator module, regardless of WIT. This doesn't break the game, and all it takes to fix this is to tell the hero to move away from the module and back to it.There is a strategy guide that'll give you more information, though I have yet to use it. All information in this review is based on what I've learned from playing. I'm definitely looking forward to seeing this game grow."
,Recommended,249050,8050110,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Cody,Fun game with a great concept. Looking forward to the full release.
76561198079102657,Recommended,249050,8050114,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,CaptainTrips,"This game is absolutely brilliant. The concept is amazing, but it obviously could use some extra features. The randomness is half the game and makes for ENDLESS (get it?) replayablity. However, dead rooms that have no major module slots are just frustrating. I would like to see rooms used for research so you can research items that you haven't discovered. i would also like to see actions that use a turn other than opening doors. Maybe like training or research so you could grow stronger while avoiding the offensive side. Obviously, skills are already in development, but I would like to see improvement on the class systems. Each hero, has a couple different unique things about them, speed (slow or fast), health (tons or like none), and weapons (gun or sword). There isnt much differentiation between heroes besides those. Itd be cool to add perk trees to add some specializations. Also, I love the merchant, but prices are a bit eh. Dust is so scarce and taking any hits to the crystal is killer, so why sell it? Maybe be able to sell industry for food, equipment and maybe dust..? I hate how in level 2 and beyond, there is no way to protect your crystal. The doors on multiple sides make the crystal susceptible to attacks, as most mobs walk through the crystal room to get you. Maybe minor module slots or barracades for the crystal room? Its obvious that dust is rare, so add some strategy to help you keep or better maintain it. Thanks!! Love the game, especially for an Alpha!! Its really coming along. Super ambitious and quite beautiful. Really excited to see where the hero backstories go. Everyone needs to buy this game and (literally) play it forever and ever and ever. ENDLESS fun!!"
76561198044713781,Recommended,249050,8050191,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,EmperorZephyr,"Even as an alpha, this game is fantastic. Difficult, deep, and promoting careful exploration and placing of resources, this is one rogue game you will want to play for a long time.It is extremely challenging, and combines elements of other game genres (Tower defense, strategy, etc.), meaning it should fit most peoples tastes."
,Recommended,249050,8051653,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,❤Electronic❤,"This game is very fun, but faulty. Some things about it are bad. You get killed too easily and there are many enemies to defend against. But all in all its a great game, I can't really say anything bad about it though since it is in its alpha stage."
76561198061645353,Recommended,249050,8051859,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Snale Tale,Amazing
76561198003920839,Recommended,249050,8052110,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Celidar,"Following a positive experience with Endless space, I was looking forward to new offers from Ampitude, who have proved with endless space to be committed to their products post release, with fairly frequent updates in a very transparent way. Initial play through alpha release of endless dungeon was quickly an addictive and engageing experience. Once more playable levels are released I can fully expect to be spending many hours trying to advance."
,Recommended,249050,8053879,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Gittons,"really good potential for an amazing tower defence / dungeon crawler game, it is early dev so it does have some problems like balence of differculty but there is so much that can be done and dispite the differculty is truely adictive and is on par with say binding of issac."
76561198055772165,Recommended,249050,11187369,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,bobcheeseaka,great game to play for hours
76561198121877239,Recommended,249050,11188637,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,projectextream,i have not played for very long but i am hooked love it 8/10
76561198104484288,Recommended,249050,11080069,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,ObsidianNEET,Brutal difficulty I've died five times in the last twenty minutes and I love every second of it.
,Recommended,249050,11066994,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,ASESA,This game is phenomenal for a game that is in early access! I own 68 games and this is my absolute favorite.  Cant wait till they come out with the co-op mode.
76561198097731516,Recommended,249050,10965228,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Eibon,challenging.  A rare trait in todays games.
76561198079806338,Recommended,249050,11265409,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,DancinGodzilla,Haven't played this game for too long but I can sayy its one of the best strategy rogue-like games i've ever played. The replay value is beyond high. 10/10 would bang
,Recommended,249050,12093468,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,mmyjona,Very polished roguelike game. It's a little bit like FTL boarding fighting. You really need to KNOW your team to survive.
,Recommended,249050,11900683,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,ChewysPeanuts,"A highly engrossing roguelite with rpg elements and tower defense with an equally attractive art direction and mesmerizing music. The current status of the game being in beta, there are without question countless hours to be enjoyed. I definitely see myself playing this more in the future as the development proceeds with more content into the final release of the game."
,Recommended,249050,12125381,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Sheppard Knight,Beautiful. Fun. Challenging. Cheap. Go for it.
,Recommended,249050,12152122,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,"kn,jkbj",Wasen't sure if I wanted to buy it but as soon as I played it and figured out what I was doing I've been playing it pretty dang often well worth the money I put into it.
76561198042849890,Recommended,249050,12152515,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,TheOnionKnight,This is an amzing game with great art design.
76561198024442351,Recommended,249050,12153175,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Disapproved.avi,"This is a fun but hard game with high levels of micromanaging and skill, but as soon as you've learned the ropes it is some what simple but REALLY fun."
76561198013257953,Recommended,249050,11988326,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Famous Amos,Game of the year right here. Seriously though this game is hands down the dopest dope i have ever smoked 420 yolo Dungeon of the Endless for life. Not only was it entertaining but it restored my faith in our lord and savior jesus christ. Thanks you Dungeon of the Endless.
76561197994857364,Recommended,249050,11956050,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Mirza Izmaname,"Dungeon of the Endless is addicting and challenging ( If you haven't played FTL before ). Game centers around managing power ( Dust ) to secure and defend rooms while you explore. A really nice mix of tower defense, rpg and roguelike with great ambience and graphics.9/10 for a game that's only 11ish USD :)"
76561198022751934,Recommended,249050,12027462,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Manabender,"It seems to me that hybrid-genre games are getting more and more common these days. I've seen RPG/FPS (Borderlands), FPS/TD (Sanctum), FPS/Roguelike (Rogue Shooter), Strategy/Roguelike (FTL), RPG/Puzzle (Puzzle Quest), RPG/TD (Gemcraft), and...whatever the hell kind of mix Desktop Dungeons is, just to name a few.Now we have Dungeon of the Endless bringing Roguelike/TD to the table. Honestly, it's scary how accurate that genre alone describes DotE. We have RPG characters exploring random dungeons and staying permanently dead when they die (textbook definition of ""Roguelike"") and a base to protect with towers (textbook definition of ""TD""). That's pretty much the entire game.It's a solid game, which requires you to plan your strategy well; it's scary how quickly a solid game can come crashing down in an instant."
,Recommended,249050,12022440,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Appeb,"Turnbased roguelike sci-fi dungeon exploration with sweet, sweet tunes."
76561198044523086,Recommended,249050,11874246,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,zacksttop,"fantasic, bought it when it when it was in its first alpha launch, loved every update cense, its been like a new game every time. absolutely worth your money."
76561198053969744,Recommended,249050,11949954,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,AstrihKonnash,"(still on 0.8.7 version when wrote this)(sorry for any English grammar badness, not English-native speaking)Got this game a couple months ago, with a discount on Summer Madness. Been playing rogue-like games since.. ahh a long time, games  like this drive me crazy.Background story is simple: prisioner ship goes kaput, escape pod is ejected and crashes down on an uncharted planet, you start with two controllable chars and all you need to get out the planet, bringing with you the crystal-shaped generator thru ten levels. Open rooms, power then with Dust, craft modules, buy equips from (eventual) merchants, find survivors to enlist (up to 4 including the 2 you begin with), leave each level (and eventually the place) by finding the exit and getting the Generator there. Easy as pie (you wish!).The Resources are the useful stuff you'll need to survive; Industry (to make modules), Science (to search for better/improved modules), Food (healing and leveling up) and the most important and difficult to get: Dust. It powers the rooms, keeling then illuminaned, because dangers prown unlit rooms and also important, you buy equipment from the merchants. You can't manufacture it; only finding when opening rooms, killing monsters.Did I say monsters? Yeah, the place is infested.. the thing is, they stay on dark places until you open a door. They also spawn on unlit opened rooms,Each char has his/her/its own characteristics and quirks, when you enlist the new ones and keep then alive for 3 levels, they become available when you start a new gameSince it's a rogue-inspired game, I must warn; the chars can (and will) die easly if you don't do it right. If the monsters kill you, game over, if they reach the generator, and destroy it, game over (even if they don't, each hit can eat your precious Dust).Finally, on winning a 10-lv run, depending on how you did it, you can get a new pod (just got the Infirmary)The game is turn-based, where a new turn starts by opening a door. What you find behind a door? There's only one way to know..."
76561198134701797,Recommended,249050,12170221,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Rapscallion_Lad,"From what i've played so far, this is a well executed and genre-bending rougue-like. This could've easily and miserably failed, but the designers were smart enough to make sure each aspect of the game leans on the other creating a balanced game ecosystem with the managment of your power source, where to build turrets, and where to place your heroes. in its current form, it's a buy and the final version is just the icing on the cake."
,Recommended,249050,11995815,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Sp3ctA,Early Access Beta :  Best game Roguelike-like Strategy Role playing Squad Based Tower Defense Dungeon Adventure Old School Pixel Art -like.Buy it Now !
76561197995279876,Recommended,249050,8764692,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,DoctorXero,Looks promising so far.
,Recommended,249050,8770476,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Chem'mu Zeff,Top fun!
,Recommended,249050,8771482,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Spooky McSpookFace,A great independant game with an enormous potential.
76561198066056366,Recommended,249050,8771686,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Crossbones,"Lots of interesting strategy involved. I can't wait for for the finished version with all the levels and options. The sprites are beautiful the sound design is great, and the soundtrack is very infectious."
,Recommended,249050,8775371,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Zixon01,"A very interesting take on tower defense and resource management. Taking the time to plan out where the monsters come from and what to build is fun and challenging. At it's current state is does have the usual bugs and the inability to ""sell back"" ""towers"" and modules, but all in all a refreshing new game. Monsters, Doors, Merchants, and Heros await and each one is unique and well made. I can't wait to see the finished product and hope that they even include biographies on the monsters as well as the heros.- Zixon01"
,Recommended,249050,8776521,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,ConsoleCowboy,"While still in its early stages, this game shows alot of promise. It has unique and interesting game mechanics. Essentially, the game is a turn based tower defense rogue-like dungeon explorer. You spread out from your ship and build defenses that guard the path back home. There are some RTS elements as waves of enemies attack, and your megar crew tries to fend them of by moving between rooms whose defenses best benefit the situation. There is, of course, loot to be had. It's strange and beautiful and I look forward to what comes with each update as it moves towards release."
,Recommended,249050,8777669,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Classix,"For an Early Alpha game, it has a great amount of potential. Brings the Rougelike world to Tower Defense. I was fairly skeptical buying this game, as it was far from being complete. However, I was not let down in the slightest. There is still a whole lot of this game not implemented yet, which makes me even more excited because as is with only the 3 level alpha, it is a great deal of fun. High replayability with everything being randomized, including which heroes you start with. So some games will be far more strategic then others. Have done 3 play throughs, and have had much larger maps my third play through then the previus 2. I do full clears each time to get the fullest of unlocks. Very fun and promising game nonetheless, highly recommend."
,Recommended,249050,8787355,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Flaggy David,LUKE
,Recommended,249050,8790077,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,ThePhantomFapper,Great game can not wait for the full game to be out of alpha and beta worth getting!
76561198007094072,Recommended,249050,8790349,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Dragola7,Just the content this game has this early in beta has a lot of potential. Every room has the perfect thing your looking for or your impending doom. I  recommend this game for its quick thinking and its strategy.
,Recommended,249050,8801581,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,ret_neko,Great dungeon crawler type game lots of fun for only being at the stage it is cant wait for full release
76561198079552207,Recommended,249050,8815743,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Ultrafox,"This game is simply amazing. I've only played like little over an hour with it and i'm already hooked. It's so simple yet it's so deep. The 8-bit art style is simply awesome. Even though this is only the alpha version of the game it feels so much more, just wait until it's full release. The game is also hard, not too hard but it makes you think. When you find the exit for the crystal you can't just simply walk it to it, hordes of monsters will kill you before you're even close to it. It really makes you figure how to get through it. It also wants you to just explore and find all that you can befor exiting. In my opinion, buying this game is it's alpha version is a must, because this game is great and your feedback will make it even better"
76561197971554700,Recommended,249050,8824632,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,PointKlicker,It will suck you inn like FTL
,Recommended,249050,8846884,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,SUCC,This game has many layers
,Recommended,249050,8863692,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Rakatan384,10/10 even in its alpha. This is one of the most original games I think I have ever played. It is art. I can't wait till its finished.
,Recommended,249050,8868274,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Monkranos,"Even in it's current, early state, Dungeon of the Endless is a thouroughly engaging roguelike dungeon crawl with turn based room strategy and real-time combat, makes for an interesting mix."
,Recommended,249050,8869131,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,JohnBlaz,Great stragety slash towerdefence slash RPG style of game. If you liked FTL I would suggest this game too. I cant wait to see what other elements are added to the game. Very addictive and fun to play.
,Recommended,249050,8873763,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Fishus,Good crap Yes.
76561198050065652,Recommended,249050,8894014,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,cieply,Great sci-fi roguelike mixed with resource management and some tower defence . All in great pixel art style and kind of sense of humor!
76561198107072240,Recommended,249050,8894758,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Walker,Very creative. Excited for the final version.
,Recommended,249050,19276770,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,[Zef-side] BradleyRR,"This game is amazing. It's got a small learning curve bump to get over, but once you get the hang of it - it's solid stuff. I've been playing this game for quite a few hours and I love how difficult and unforgiving it is.Very fun. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,249050,19256801,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,RenegadeCop,"Pros:Addicting!Wonderful pixel art.  Usually pixel art is associated with ""we cant afford to do 3D graphics"", but this is a beautiful game.Gameplay is challenging and very strategic.I love the mix of different genres, it really worked out for this game.Neat updates!Controller support!Cons:Not many worth mentioningOverall, a very nice game, especially for the price!  I would recommend it if you're looking for something refreshing to play."
76561198010786164,Recommended,249050,19289596,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Trapper Keeper,"This game is fantastic. Frantic, fast-paced tower defense mixed with resource management and rpg elements. Honestly it's very very fun if your attention span is minimal but you still like tactics."
76561198006897574,Recommended,249050,18370161,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Tranks,this game is fun für 12.6 hrs.
76561198055408932,Recommended,249050,19300946,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Major Von Discord,Fun puzzle/rogue/tower defense/indie game to play with your friends. Great for those meet and play friday night games that you work on every week. I recomend it for all ages and it is worth the price of admission.
,Recommended,249050,19280556,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,stargazer_dragon,"I enjoyed it while I played it, over all though simplistic is somehow rather enjoyable."
,Recommended,249050,19280857,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Asaph,"this game is awesome, i was hooked from the start. the music is amazing, the story though not abundent is enough to make you curious and infact i've bought the rest of the endless games just because of it.in my eyes it's much more than just another tower defense game."
76561198058380254,Recommended,249050,13098440,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,James,"Got to level 10 on multiplayer, game crashed lost 3 hours of progress. ♥♥♥♥ this gameEDIT they fixed it!!!!!!! GAEM IS GUD GAEM IZ GUUUUUDDDDDD"
,Recommended,249050,13425998,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Dong,I recommend
76561198133062856,Recommended,249050,19316014,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Kdog299,"This game is all kinds of amazing fun, with some of the best elements of rpg, rogue-like, tower defense, and pugs.10 Dust out of 10"
,Recommended,249050,19361853,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,stilnoct,Great game.Trying it with the steam controller and it definitely works alright.
76561198061268513,Recommended,249050,19280259,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Gaunt,"A friend recommended this to me because I'm huge into roguelikes. This game will probably be fun once I put more time into it, but the joke of a tutorial in this game leaves a lot to be desired. Maybe when I was in early college and had hours to blow learning intricacies it wouldn't irk me, but i'm at the point in life where I actually have to choose where I want to spend my time. I would like to have been able to simply delve into this game and start enjoying it instead of having to drop my time being frustrated and having to use external resources before I can actually start enjoying myself. Devs definitaly could have put more than 5 minutes into the tutorial.Despite being incredibly frustrated at how poorly the game controls and concepts are introduced, this game is incredible and is very enjoyable. Changing recommendation to yes."
,Recommended,249050,19374020,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Lochivan,The tutorial for this game is great. It teaches you in what I feel is the best way; give you enough information that you can navigate the basic controls then turns you loose to play (and die) until you know better and die further on. Loads of fun.
,Recommended,249050,19371232,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Podrock,Great rogue coop
,Recommended,249050,19378339,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Zane,"A lot of fun. Turn-based strategy (but even have some real time element), management, survival--this game have all this. You really need to think and plan everything, but meanwhile caring every hero. You need intelligence and technique to win. It's actually quite challenging.Very beatiful visual effects. Although it's pixel, it's quite enjoyable. And you don't need a high-end machine to run the game. This is very convenient.Music is good, and giving you kind of realistic atmosphere, and somehow I feel like I am with the heros when I'm playing.The only con is that you can get addictive to the game. If you don't have self-discipline, don't play."
76561198009589854,Recommended,249050,19319290,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,SPLENDORR,"Totally surprised at how interesting and fun this game is, especially using the new Controller Support. I absolutely recommend playing with a controller now; I'm using XBOX 360. I also recommend starting on ""Too Easy"" mode to learn the game, and maybe looking up some basic strategy beyond the tutorial. The most important thing I didn't understand at first is that, when you grab the Crystal to move it to an Exit, enemies will start spawning infinitely until you reach the exit. So don't think you can defeat that final wave!"
76561198062086546,Recommended,249050,13176973,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,DaFaq_,"If you like 'Risk of Rain' and 'Faster Than Light,' then you'll love this one. It really balances the difficulty to fun level with much room to improve.I have played just under 40 hours and Amplitude is earning a reputation of a team that continues to improve and add on after their games are released. A must buy."
,Recommended,249050,19302813,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Zhaine,"Very good game, very addictive and very difficult !We can play it with some friends for maximum fun !"
76561197996524471,Recommended,249050,19347808,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,scorliss,"Dungeon of the Endless is an excellent game from both a presentation and gameplay perspective. The initial tutorial is short and sweet outlining the fundamentals to success.The gameplay revolves around opening doors which may or may not spawn creatures hell bent on kill you and destroying your machines, which are responsible for creating in game currency used to build, level up and fortify your team's path to delivering a crystal.I find myself hard pressed not wanting to open another door as those who dare win. The world that this game is set in is well polished, the mechanics are engaging and the psychology of risk vs reward is very interesting. The Dungeon of the Endless comes with COOP, trading cards, achievements and controller support which in my books means that the dev team took the time to create another polished genre bending sci-fi tale. Pick this game up friends.Oh btw...this game is hard!"
,Recommended,249050,19404133,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,TeddyRoosevelt'sHandsomeBrother,The only game that mixes this many genres succesfully.
,Recommended,249050,19423959,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Junkyard Priest,"Boy howdy, is this game an excellent time sink. It's not a pure roguelike but it does take a good spin on a dungeon crawler. Definite recommend. I haven't even beaten it yet but I haven't gotten to the top of that there learning curve on it quite yet."
76561197988803361,Recommended,249050,12792827,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Penexrator,Is good.
76561197960275516,Recommended,249050,19455050,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,rek,"This game is great. Takes a little bit of time to figure out, expect to lose a lot when you're figuring things out, but the mechanics are fun and there's plenty to do."
,Recommended,249050,19445292,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Oimetra,"Immense ammount of replay value, challenging requiring strategic play, awesome to play with friends, love the art style, huge ammount of characters to choose from, the only problem I find with this game is that online seems to be kind of dead now, probably want to grab on sale but it's worth full price too if you want a challenge or have friends to play it with."
76561197973236751,Recommended,249050,19460106,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Eolair,One of my favorite rogue-likes. Great art style and music.
,Recommended,249050,19493976,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,[BoBo] AY PAPI,FTL meets tower defense meets RTS meets RPG.
76561197995246286,Recommended,249050,19481870,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Da Blue Gobbo,"Awesome, mix bag of tower defense, rogue, and rpg"
,Recommended,249050,19395124,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Bockin,"Was on the 12th floor, had a full party decked out in overpowered sh*t, on easy, finally about to beat this FU**ing game, found the exit, not VERY easy mind, but easy- then my power goes out. 10/10 wuld-cri-agan"
76561197993699533,Recommended,249050,19390295,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,HumanSpareParts,"It's very hard to describe DotE because it's got so many moving parts, but let it suffice that it's a semi turn based, semi real time 4X strategy rogue-like that employs developer Amplitude's Food-Industry-Dust-Science resource model. It's complicated, deliberately obtuse, and unforgiving. It's also gorgeous, addicting, and extremely satisfying. Like any truly great rogue-like, discovering its systems is part of the fun, so I won't ruin anything. If you like clever, distinctive game designs and aren't shaken by serious challenges, then you should buy and will enjoy this. For what it's worth, I think it's easily Amplitude's most engaging, most charming title so far."
76561198035338506,Recommended,249050,19390512,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,ryachris,"Overwhelmingly good, Sooo very hard, and scary difficult to stop playing."
,Recommended,249050,19388700,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Armorchin,I expected an Endless series game to be good.BUT NOT THIS DAMN GOOD
76561198049892551,Recommended,249050,19405804,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,St Dbag,The 79 overall score via meta critic doesn't do this game justice. This is easily one of the most entertaining tower defense games I've ever played. RPG elements are light but bring just enough to the table to liven up the tower defense genre I normally find to be bland. The artwork of this game helps immerse you in a simple yet interesting atmosphere. You will not regret buying this game.
,Recommended,249050,19406034,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,RoadDawg,"On the very first floor me and my buddy finally *think* we complete (this took 3 tries, we aren't looking up any strats or anything) we finally find the exit. We don't know it's the exit but it's got a man and a crystal so we think ok lets try to move the crystal to the man.My buddy picks it up and stands still in horror as the mob of enemies we weren't prepared for devour us in moments. He kept screaming HOW DO I PUT IT DOWN!?This game is great fun with friends. I don't know how i feel about the solo play experience, I doubt i'll do much of that, but the co op is great."
,Recommended,249050,19406342,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,MrAceSpade,"Just pryed myself away from the game at what is now... 1:21 AM, after playing this damn game for the past 5 hours. What started out as excitement and fun turned into a fight for survival. Old rivalries surprisingly lead to spilled blood completely breaking up my dream team and resulting in a desperate sprint to find replacements and good gear. I'm now 11 floors up with a rag tag bunch all carrying hand me downs and I feel no satisfaction... I'm just tired. Now I will crawl into bed and sleep for 3 hours and 39 mins, work for 9 hours, and come back home to search for floor 12. I honestly don't think I'll make it, but I must try. I feel guilty recommending this game, much how I'd expect a drug addict feels when ensaring someone new. It ruined my life and it will ruin yours."
,Recommended,249050,19404462,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,ImAPokemonMasta,"RPG, Tower Defense, Rogue-like, Strategy. This game is fun and each level is different and randomized!There is no ""easy"" mode.♥♥♥♥♥♥is hard on both difficulties it offers.10/10 Reccommend"
,Recommended,249050,16177966,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Haydenmango,"It took me a long time to understand the game and it can be really hard at times but I can't stop opening doors.The procedural generation creates various hallways, corridors, rooms, big rooms, small rooms, and other spaces that are connected by doors.  These spaces contain random things like monsters, vendors, heroes you can hire, nothing, treasure chests, power crystals, resources, dust selling robots, science crystals, and doors of course.  So there is a lot of incentive, other than escaping the dungeon alive, to open those doors.Seriously the door opening is really addictive and I mainly play this game for the satisfaction of opening another door. Escaping the dungeon with the crystal and all your heroes is fun but that door gameplay... that door gameplay is something else."
,Recommended,249050,19406810,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,HortonEW,Extreme playability!
76561198048895356,Recommended,249050,18783333,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Chill Penguin,"single player works, multiplayer is still bugged but getting better"
76561198024044883,Recommended,249050,15458049,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Mister Ben,Yes
,Recommended,249050,19272222,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Fostrel,"The game has a beautiful combination of turnbase and realtime that gives it a uniqe over all feeling, when playing alone it didnt seem to special but when a good team of friends get togeather it become a very over all enoyable game you can sink hours into."
76561198034731846,Recommended,249050,19508477,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,tonytone25,"Love this game, keeps me coming back for more punishment!"
,Not Recommended,249050,19512564,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,I am a girl btw,"I don't get the praise...While the presentation is neat the game is boring overall. It's not tower defense, it's not an rpg, it isn't really anything but tedious micromanagemet throughout a simplistic trial and error gameplay."
,Recommended,249050,19513440,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Traumatic Reverse Childbirth,"This game seems not underrated, but underrecognized. While this game is extremely challenging (Or maybe I just suck at strategy and managment games), it is very fun to play and explore. 9/10"
,Recommended,249050,30640733,Posted: 20 March,all,H A R U P O I S E,This game is super fun when you play it with your friends.But if you want to play in pubs :^) Goodluck.
,Recommended,249050,19506542,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,ziralspiral,"this game really grabbed my attention, gave me goals and i've had a blast! There aren't too many games i've been wanting to play for a while and I gave this one a try by buying it for me then surprsie gifting my boyfriend when they had it on sale. turns out we both can't get enough! we have so much fun building up resources and adventurering. I hope there continue to be lots of new people added to play and new resources on high levels <3"
76561198077057988,Recommended,249050,19724602,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,raziel,i could honestly spend hours on this game. money well spent.
76561198068895457,Recommended,249050,19725992,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,SHAMBLER,BEST GAME EVER.
,Recommended,249050,19741914,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Cronbach,A squad-based rogue-like dungeon crawler RPG meets a tower defense game that borrows some 4x inspiration from the Endless series. A lot of fun!
,Not Recommended,249050,19752272,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Nero Claudius,"Let me be frank, this game is amazing. It really has everything a rouge-like should have. Each door can be a real heart pounder. Hell, even the first pod is challenging. For a singleplayer experience, this game is good. But if you're thinking of getting this game to play with your friends, don't. The multiplayer is glitchy. You lose all your progress from silly glitches ranging from characters despawning on going up a floor, to the elevator not activating properly, and losing ALL YOUR STATUS because you either have to quit out, or let the crystal die, either ending in a game over.TL;DR, Game would be worth the money if it wasn't filled with glitches. Only stable play is singleplayer."
,Recommended,249050,19391909,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,krash__,"Amplitude Rocks, my first impression was, hmm wtf whats that? After some gameplay i was impressed by the gamedesign and mechanics. It provides a lot of long term fun if you love strategy. Fully recommended! PS: This is one of my most favourite games in my collection.Super cooles game, must have."
76561198121994986,Recommended,249050,19593280,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,*Ableton Live,"I got this game for like 3 bucks on a steam sale.. i got my moneys worth. I enojyed this game a lot, so i went and paid 5 more bucks for it on iOS, and play most of my hours on that, so thats why my hour count is kind of low.it takes a little while to learn the mechanics , and even then , its gonna punish you.be ready."
,Recommended,249050,19593625,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,FluxPunk,"This is a highly addictive Tower Defense / Rogue-like that has made me a fan of Amplitude. The gameplay calls for careful planning to mitigate risk prior to each turn alongside ongoing team development. Although I am not drawn to pixel art, the aesthetics remain compelling with excellent audio design and interesting character concepts to explore. I can see this game offering me years of enjoyment and it is a wonderful complement to FTL: Faster Than Light. In fact, if you enjoyed that game, you will love this one. Awesome job Amplitude!"
,Recommended,249050,19789754,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,SQRV,"Interesting but sometimes challenging gameplay, amazing music and nice pixel-art design. That remind me some good old games from past."
76561197997039540,Recommended,249050,19772661,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,fishmilk,"Killer game, keep it up devs!"
76561198065829131,Recommended,249050,19773022,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Prince Oatmeal,...love it
,Recommended,249050,19810773,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Hide on Pussie,"Never played a ""rogue-like"" game before, but here we go.PROS:-Pretty well-designed lore/characters;-Great soundtrack/fx;-Smooth gameplay on both keyboard/mouse & gamepad(Also, great gamepad port);-Save/Quit whenever you want to.-Awesome RPG caracteristics.-Cheap and constant DLC's, which keeps the developers closer to the game.CONS:-Unable to have multiple saved games at once.-Unable to switch quickly between mouse<->gamepad (Gotta restart the game).*-Game crashes if you try to play w/ gamepad on a save were you started playing w/ mouse/keybrd (And vice-versa).*-Unable to select half or 3/4 of your crew, You either select all of them or one at a time.**Gamepad-only issuesOverall score: 9/10"
,Recommended,249050,19798524,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Blank,"A sincere challenge in terms of learning the best strategies to complete a dungeon.Character's are very different and you have to learn to play with each one in terms of who can solo a room, who does well in a team setting and what combination of four characters can carry you through a dungeon. The possibilities here are immense in terms of outcome and with a bit of luck you can always end up with a solid team.The dungeons themselvese can be brutal. What may have been a seemingly easy 4th or 5th level ends up being a game ending 6th. You really have to utilize your characters to block off choke points, garrison unpowered rooms to keep spawns at bay and know when you hold your ground or retreat. And since the dungeons get larger and larger, it only gets more difficult as you go along. Hopefully, you've learned not to swing open too many doors in too many directions...In all, this game is great. The visuals are classic and stunning with a great aesthetic. There's a wry humor to the game, as  can be found in the elevator exposition, and the soundtrack is to die for. You should buy this game literally just for that alone."
76561198106725267,Recommended,249050,19797656,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,イスピクス,Goddam this game is addicting. A simple and intersting game design of clearing dungeon floors by yourself or with friends. I would definitely recommend this game just to kick back and relax. Also if you just want to have a fun team gameplay.
,Recommended,249050,19540354,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,michael.etter,"I like this game.I play it a lot.You should, too."
76561198063522281,Recommended,249050,19697196,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Ravoria,"Fantastic game. I love rougelikes, but of the dozens I've played only a small handful have really captured my imagination (FTL, Isaac, Desktop Dungeons). This one is looking to be my favorite, mainly for two reasons.The first is how much depth it gets out of very simple mechanics. The rules of the game are so simple that the tutorial only takes a minute or so, but their ramifications can give you all sorts of situations to figure out once you know what's going on. You're constantly deciding which door to open and who to send where, and it's meaningful because in such a tight game every move has immediate consequences. Combine this with a fairly low RNG impact (everything is random but no single roll is gamechanging and they roll rapidly enough to even out immediately) and you get a game that feels very fair (which is why it gets away with being as punishing as it is).The second is how clear the game is, due to it's small scope. DotE is part of a trilogy: the one is basically CivV, the next is CivV in spaaaaace, this is a dungeon crawler with Civ-esque mechanics and a maximum of 4 units. In the large-scale 2 thirds of the trilogy, you'd pretty quickly have only a vague idea of what's going on because you've got so many distinct cities/planets with their own buildings/stats/etc. It was difficult to get too in-depth with those games, but in this one you can easily zoom out and eyeball the map and immediately see everything important. At first I found myself wishing that I could mouse over the enemies/structures/everything and see their stats, but then I realized that isn't what this game is about. Elements are set up in such a way that make immediate visual sense, and while there are some moments where it would be useful to pause and math out a solution to something, you can usually just eyeball it. Some may disagree but I really enjoy this aspect, since you spend less time comparing numbers and more time experiencing the gameplay.So in short, if you have any interest in a fusion of rougelike and 4x mechanics, give this a try. It's hard and will punish you pretty hard for a serious mistake, but in a very fair way, and even if you're losing a lot it's still quite fun."
,Recommended,249050,8050026,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,EsotericMoniker,"An intriguing mix of dungeon exploration and tower defense, Dungeon of the Endless is a promising,  concept but don't expect it to be anything more than a single player experience. If you've played games such as FTL you will recognize the format of starting with a fixed start and then making choices about how to progress towards a goal, in this case finding and reaching the exit.The basic mechanic is that each time you move into a new room you earn resources based on the generators you have built and advance a counter that triggers a wave of enemies. This promotes purposeful exploration in a way that does not leave one of your characters far from your base or open up a pathway for attack that you are not ready for. Enemies pass through rooms stopping only to destroy the expansion structures you have built in them or if a character is in the room. This makes placing characters at choke points very important as enemies reaching your core is fairly devastating. Similar to FTL you can pause the action and give orders at any time which is crucial when a new wave of attackers is spawned. I feel like there is less ability to micro-manage your characters as you cannot see the whole dungeon at once. I often found myself just watching the health guages in the upper right corner for an indication of who was still fighting. Some sort of mini-map would be a very welcome addition. After battles, your heroes heal up almost immediately so there is no tedious ""turn on power to the med-bay, walk each person there, wait for them to heal"" dance that was all too common in FTL. Certain characters can also operate the generators which increases thier output but requires the character to stay in the room.Since resources carry over from floor to floor there is a contsant tension between spending resources to make the current floor easier and saving them. In theory this is great, but in practice it's a bit luck based as you are rewarded for your structures each time you open a new door and there is no particluarly good way to know how many doors are left on a floor. The number starts small on lower floors and increases, but often you'll hold off building a new generator only to discover there were actually 5 more doors left by which time it's too late to go and build the generator. This give huge incentive to build your generators first and then not at all. The RNG nature of this is further compounded by the fact that you can't build generators in just any room so if you get a bad spawn you might have very few options for building new resource generators on a given level.Multiplayer is somewhat of a different story. Basically you are sharing the characters that in single player you would control all of. In theory again, this is great. The pause is removed, shifting the focus of the game to managing your individual character and using your skills together as a team. When this works, it can be very fun. The mechanic around characters operating generators remains the same, and while this works in single player it makes playing ""efficiently"" in multiplayer boring for any player who's character is operating. I feel for this reason 2 is realistically the maximum number of players since you can each control 1 who is operating and 1 that is fighting/exploring. It would be great if the multiplayer mode did away with operating and replaced it with some always available variant of the mechanical pal."
,Recommended,249050,17096239,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,47484F5354,"This game is really, very good. There's plenty of great aspects at play here: resource management, tough decisions, having to adapt your plans to the situation.You are in a dungeon on an alien world. You have a crystal that you need to bring to the surface. There's monsters, and they want to eat your crystal. They also want to eat you, but that's secondary. There's doors, and every door you open is another chance to get eaten alive. You have to open the doors to gather resources. You then use these resources to research, build and upgrade defenses and to gear and level up your heroes. Eventually, you'll find an elevator to the next level. Then you need to start thinking about whether you want to keep opening doors before moving on, in the hopes of finding something useful. After that, you pick one hero to carry the crystal to the elevator - and hope your preparation is good enough, as monsters will start pouring out.No playthrough is the same. The randomisation feels pretty balanced (although it can sometimes royally !@%# you over) and touches on pretty much everything: the monsters you encounter, the floorplans, the placement of module slots for your defenses, the items you get, the heroes you can recruit.The gameplay is quite simple and there is a pause-function so the main focus is on planning and strategy, trying your best to gauge the enemy waves you've encountered so far and trying to match your defenses without going over the budget. You also have a resource called Dust that is used to provide power to the rooms, and which rooms you power form the paths the monsters come through - they only spawn in dark rooms. The placement of heroes, their equipment, your defense turrets and powered rooms becomes an intricate puzzle with many moving parts.The graphics are functional (even beatiful if you like the simple pixelated style) and the music is captivating. The humor is quirky, and the 16+ heroes are uniquely portrayed. There's not much of a story here. Some heroes have a bit of dialogue they can have with each other and you unlock pictures and bits of the background in an album as you play.The only bugs that I've ran into have been more of an annoyance than anything else - nothing gamestopping.Overall, it's one of those unique games that - at least for me - hit on so many right notes while doing their own thing. It's a rare treat."
,Recommended,249050,17289675,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Loose Teeth,"This game is a battle of inches. Even when you've carefully planned your approach to a level, deliberating every aspect of how you may (or may not) get attacked by hordes of slashing, gnawing fiends-- there's still that sense of fear that you won't make it; that all of your ideas will amount to nothing when one wave manages to break through your defenses. Oftentimes you'll find you'rejustcrossing the elevator's threshold with a solitary character, breathing a sigh of relief in spite of the fact that the rest of your party was slaughtered in the escape. It never feels like you're being punished though, which is where the game excels. There's enough progression that even when you're dying again and again (and again and again and again), you're still moving forward alittlebit-- you're learning about a fraction of someone's backstory, how they interact with their unwitting allies, or which weapons work best in which character's hands. Things are lighthearted enough to relieve the pressure (how 'bout that elevator music, eh?) floors deliver, and the morsels of story given on the floors between draw interestjuuuust[/] enough to play one. more. round. Just one. Or two."
,Recommended,249050,13221186,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,breags - changed [GFTF],"Like FTL mixed with Rogue Legacy, you take charge of a pixel-art spaceship crew of up to 4 heroes who must escort their crashed ship's precious power supply up 12+ floors of escalating difficulty. Lots of fun, fantastic soundtrack, definitely recommend; though some may find it not inherently challenging enough it offers harder options."
76561198004150469,Recommended,249050,17260522,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Diabeto,"Fun game, its not the tower defense game youre use to."
,Recommended,249050,17163578,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Pants,Haven't felt as anxious opening doors since the first resident evil.
76561198141402327,Not Recommended,249050,17195898,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,ScootyPuff_Sr,eh its more of the same junk. not that fun to play.
,Recommended,249050,16588609,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Havocstars,"This has to be arguably the best value for money game on steam, as well as one of the best purchases I think ive ever made.  I have had this game all through Early Access and now at launch and have to say it started as a great fun game and has turned into a spectacular game.  I def recommend this game to anyone who likes games."
,Recommended,249050,16593180,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Buckeye Burl,"This game is super sick! If you're into strategy, or procedurally generated games I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,249050,16726080,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,VINZL3R,"Dungeon of the endless is the best combination of RTS, Tower defense, and RPG game. Very enjoyable, easy to learn, and very very recomended to bought !!"
76561198051049989,Recommended,249050,16730302,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Emery,One of the best turn-ly thing i have played
76561198084505745,Recommended,249050,16738335,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,End of the Century Emperor,"Getting to test this game out on a free weekend was great, it was a blast to go through multiple levels in solo or in multiplayer.with upgrades for your people to leveling up your base player its loads of fun, there are alot of people to play as and play with so its great to play with a friend.with new updates that come out and a Teamfortress 2 one as well it still going to get better.even after 2 days i would recomend this game."
,Recommended,249050,16771289,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,HiCZoK(KillerCrocker),"well It takes like 2 hours to get the basics of what the heck is going on... It is a surprising combination of rogue like, resources tycoon and somehow a tower defense game. I mean seriously... It's not easy but very addicting with good learning curve I think. That plus incredible presentation and music. So: Tactics, pixels, music. there You go"
76561198096933559,Recommended,249050,16666901,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,TheSilverTigrex,this game is a mix of a few game types and i highly recommend it
76561198168314344,Recommended,249050,16671455,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Sergent_dbdb,Best rage quit of all time!10/10Would rage again.
,Recommended,249050,16698339,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Ahiru,"See if you like any of these:- Rogue-like- Dungeon crawler- RPG elements: Loot, XP, skills, different classes/races, random generated (procedural levels)- Real time strategy (RTS)- Tower defense- Retro-but-eyecandy graphics- Challenging game- Trading cards and/or Achievements- All of the aboveThen, insta-buy it.Only two difficulty levels:- Too easy: Normal difficult (easy for Rogue veterans)- Easy: Hardcore infernal masochist motha!@%!#%«»ö¡€ø²³´¶10/10 - can't wait to lose ANOTHER ""EASY"" round...(not ashamed to play a game on ""too easy"" mode anymore)"
,Recommended,249050,16706369,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,WormytheGreen,"Fun Rouge-Like game lots of variety on the levels and floors, Multiplayer can be messy but it's ok on LAN."
76561198096103217,Recommended,249050,17388017,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,nioo,This isn't a bad game in the slightest however in my opinion it is very much a multiplayer game. while you CAN play it in single player it doesn't seem to be as fun to me alone so i would advise you get it if you have friends you can play it with.
,Recommended,249050,16820160,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Baphomet,"Dunegon of the Endless is a hybrid roguelike-tower defense game that centers around exploration of each level of a large ship followed by escorting the game's source of power (dust) to the next level. You use dust (found as you explore the level) to power rooms that you can place modules to generate the game's other 3 resources (industry/science/food) which are used to build modules, research technology, or level up and heal heroes among other things.Along the way you can recruit additional heroes up to a total of four and purchase items from merchants to power them up. The difficulty curve starts out fairly low for the first 5-6 levels and then ramps up significantly as monsters get stronger and the amount of dust you get per level decreases (dust is the only resource that does not carry over to the next level).Unfortunately, due to the roguelike nature of the game, RNG can totally shaft you on later levels and you may find yourself just making a run for it in order to clear the level, which can put you at a disadvantage later on. A few of the modules also seem to have no real use past the first few levels as they get outclassed fairly quickly or are just counter-intuitive to use. Additionally, some of the requirements to clear the later ships border on the insane and I don't see myself trying to unlock any of them in the forseeable future.Regardless, I would recommend this game to anyone bored of a typical roguelike as there are a lot of things to experiment with due to the hybrid game mode and there is support for up to 4 people in multiplayer so it could be fun to play with friends."
,Recommended,249050,17360236,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,draftzero,Great twist to rogue/tower defense.
,Recommended,249050,18751516,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,[byah] WingZeroCustom,"Really fun, addicting game.  Also can be a bit rage-inducing.  IMO, best when played with one other person.  It's rather satisfying when you actually manage to survive a floor after not having enough dust to power the first ~8 rooms.Also cheeky door strats."
76561198054814348,Recommended,249050,18851572,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Majii,"A game that looks so simple and so easy yet is suprisingly intricate on closer look. I would recommend this highly at the price they have set, personally i would have probably paid more."
76561198028822808,Recommended,249050,18922752,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Kaveh,"Very original take on Tower Defense, with an RPG twist. The only negative is total lack of documenation of anything - I had to reference the wiki constantly. Interestingly  it uses the same resource types as the other games from Amplitude: Endless Legend and Endless Space."
,Recommended,249050,30601016,Posted: 18 March,all,sejer,"Tower defence with rogue-like procedural level generation; coupled with its many game modes and secrets to discover, this game has enormous replayability. Definitely recommend."
76561197994787767,Recommended,249050,18947112,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,zagaroth,"Excellent game! It’s like playing Civilization IV but with much more combat. The way they put tower defense/resource management, RPG, and RTS all into one game is unreal. You would think that a game with that much going on would be some crazy mash-up of crap and make no since at all. But this game pulled it off with flying colors. Plus, just like with Civilization you will be wanting that next turn all the time, only it won’t be that next turn you’re after it will be that next door your opening. It’s well worth the price if you like tower defense/resource management, RPG, or RTS games."
,Recommended,249050,18954289,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,lnsmhntr,"Dungeon of the Endless is as equally entertaining as it is infuriating. You will be punished for your oversight if not simply by chance. Just when things seem to be going in your favour, the Dungeon will throw you a curveball that will leave you sobbing at the loss of mechanical and human and/or alien and/or cybernetic resources. After 50 hours I have yet to beat a game.Prepare for (emotional) impact.10/10"
,Recommended,249050,18448309,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,PKOPQ,"9/10 — Gorgeous art, lovely collision of game systems."
76561198035455160,Recommended,249050,18446106,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Drawkcab,"Such an amazing game!It lets you express your creativity as a player because there are many different ways strategically to win. Its part resource management, part RPG, and part tower defense with some cool twists (I love how you have to run the power source from the beggining to the end of the level). I have yet to try co-op, but i think it could be really fun."
76561198055503508,Recommended,249050,18450357,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,ClayCrank,This game surprised me.  I like it
76561197991115169,Recommended,249050,18450459,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,jipthepirate,"( 5/10 read for reasons - purchase only if on sale )this game starts off being overwhelmingly amazing. its hard enough that you have to learn it in and out to play properly. great look great feel.BUTonce youve played it a dozen times , its gets old. like real quick. the same old items, the same old creatures and the same gimmicky levels. the idea is to have it replayable over and over for story elements and hidden characters but... once you figure that out theres no hidden rooms or level or specialty characters you do x and y to obtain. amazing game for 10 hours of gameplay, then it stays on the shelf for life."
,Recommended,249050,15440044,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Remilia Scarlet,It's so fun to play through as it gets more difficult the more floors you pass making it never get to hard or to easy It was for sure worth the $21 I spent for the crystal edition I love it
76561197991225655,Recommended,249050,18440600,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Funkyfists,This game is an excellent blend of RTS and Turn based strategy. Each playthrough is a new adventure with the polished game mechanics making every choice count just the right amount. The artwork has an excellent style - making both the characters and dungeon rooms an interesting blend of fantasy and sci-fi.As you learn the intricies of each element you learn the game's true depth.+ Excellent art (++those shadows)+ Immersive soundtrack+ Interesting game concept not found anywhere else+ Great mechanics - each element fits into a coherent whole+ Nice lore- More story elements couldn't hurt- When's it coming to linux?Great game - will play again.
,Recommended,249050,9299170,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,⛧BadgerLords⛧,"This game is phenominal! It has all the rogue like i could possibly want. The level design is so good! No matter what level you are playing its always a tactical challenge. You can get over run and crushed so easily without preparing correctly. The resource management is the key. Once you die, you jusp right back in.. So it feels like you never left at all. 9/10"
,Recommended,249050,18293598,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Zaccy,I CANT DEAL WITH THE BEAUTY
,Recommended,249050,18312553,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Illdaren,"Yes. Just... yes. Tower defense, gloriousness. Everything about it is great."
,Recommended,249050,18537068,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Humungus,GREAT!!!
76561197983103913,Recommended,249050,18537331,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,guyincognito,"This is probably one of the best Roguelikes i've played in the last year or two.  It manages somehow to pull off sythesizing squad based tactical combat with tower defense in a really innovative and fun way.  It's difficult, but when you fail you almost always have something you can point to that caused your run to fail that you can improve on next time. There's also a lot of variety of unlockable characters and synergies between them that are fun to explore.I only have two (mild) criticisms of the game:  Once I finished it, I sort of lost motivation to keep playing.  The fun of the game is mostly its challenge, and when that is done, there isn't a lot of content to compel you to explore further. I didn't unlock every character, but enough that I didn't feel the burning desire to find the rest.  There also could be a little more depth and variety in the monsters.  There were only a few I felt I had to develop specific strategies to deal with, but honestly it felt ok; perhaps more complexity would have detracted from the core gameplay."
,Recommended,249050,18541339,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,zkeilwitz,A pug was used to advertise this game... SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY YOU ADORABLE MUTT!!
76561198191054981,Recommended,249050,18651712,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,ofwgkta,Great Game
,Recommended,249050,18731759,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Flacketeer,"It was fun. Never beat any of the dungeons because they got stupidily difficult by like floor 12. But I don't know haven't played it since the beta. Just got a bit monotonous.Also wish somone would point out other than me that all the Endless games that Amplitude make have the same turn-based economy setup going for it. Not that its bad, its just how long until you tire it out?"
,Recommended,249050,22369303,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Pasty Peter,Peter approved
,Recommended,249050,22365594,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,highlanderonly1,Very different dungeon crawler in a great universe.
76561198013675459,Recommended,249050,22361624,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,BerserkerXI,Great mix of tower defence and dungeon crawling. Also now they have a iPad version that I'm struggling not to buy :-C
76561198090495495,Recommended,249050,22387143,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,PickleRick ツ,"♥♥♥♥ing awesome lol so funny when my friends are like oh look monsters gotta go this way and run and open more doors lol. It's a fun game, you kill monsters, build, help each other by using teamwork but then you can solo and explore with one person while others afk or operate."
,Recommended,249050,22452422,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Blame,"Something in-between a dungeon-crawler and a tower defense game. In Dungeon of the Endless, you get to lead a bunch of characters - from the questionable hero to the downright criminal- through 12 floors crowded with monsters.Pros:- Enjoyable.- Nice setting. There isn't a real plot - you have to escape the dungeon, full-stop - but Amplitude, as usual, fills the game with a lot of background information. In this case it isn't as prominent as in Endless Legend, sure, but it's nice nonetheless.- Challenging. I'm not a newbie in this kind of game and i'm writing this at 40+ hours of gameplay. Almost every step (from the fourth dungeon level onward) must be kind of planned carefully, or you'll end up throwing your progress into the trash bin. Anyway, it rarely gets ""too easy"".- Ironic. Yeah, it's barely a pro, but the inside jokes in the game can make you chuckle. The first time you read them, at least.- Doesn't get too boring, at least not fast. Each run is slightly different from the other, depending which heroes you choose, what's the starting spaceship and so on.Cons:- Runs tend to be slow - we're talking about more than one hour, minimum. Particulary if you want to explore all the current level and maximixe resources. Of course, this is mostly an issue when you screw it up and die, wasting your effort.- Challenging. Yea, it can be a con too. There are two game modes: ""Too Easy"" and ""Easy"". At first I thought that I had to unlock the ""normal"" difficulty completing a run in Easy, and so on. Now, I understand it's some kind of a joke from the devs. If you happen to buy the game and play as ""Easy"", you'll get it.If you read this far, I'll throw in some conclusions. Dungeon of the endless is definitely a good game if you're a fan of rogue-likes, or dungeon-defenders, and is worth a try if you aren't (t also happen to be on discount quite often, so ...). Sure, there are times when you open a door and an unseemigly high amount of bone-breaking monsters will charge toward the team an make you swear, but that's part of the game."
,Recommended,249050,22496886,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Cattail,"Dungeon of the Endless is a turn-based rogue-lite dungeon crawler with tower defence elements. I guess. But it is awesome! That’s for sure.Your team crashes on a planet and between them and the surface is 12 floors of increasingly hostile dungeon. There are character bios and such to flesh out the world a little but this is not a game to be played for its story elements.Dungeons are made of rooms separated from each other by a door and opening one acts as a turn. Moving around (you or the monsters) happens in real time, but monster and resource spawning happens between turns. Goal in each floor is to protect your crystal, find the exit and move your crystal to it. Simple enough but what Dungeon of the Endless does extreme well is making the player balance resources in order to survive. There never is enough of everything and you always have to compromise.There are four resources in the game: Industry is used for building things which includes resource gatherers and support buildings. You can build turrets to help you defend rooms or structures which add defence or heal your characters etc. Science is for researching new and better building types. Food is for healing and levelling up characters. These three can be obtained from resource gatherers or in rooms by random luck.Fourth is Dust and this is where things get interesting. Normally rooms are dark which means that monsters can spawn at random when turn changes. Using 10 Dust can light up a room which prevents spawning and allows building turrets or resource gatherers. Dust is also found randomly or dropped from monsters. Lighting up a room has obvious benefits but there rarely is enough dust available to light up everything. Rooms can also be powered down for the dust to be used elsewhere. With this mechanic you can create dead ends that are not in danger of monsters and then filled with resource buildings. Or you can leave rooms unpowered and build up enough defences so that possible enemies can be easily dealt with and harvested for more dust. Or get overwhelmed and die horribly in the claws of crawlies from the dark.Random spawning can also be stopped by occupying a room with a hero character. Your team can have up to four heroes with different abilities. Some are tanks that can hold the line by themselves. Some are fast and can be used to open far away doors and then escaping back to safety. They can also carry the crystal most effectively. Some heroes make buildings work more effectively. New heroes can be found in dungeons and unlocked for subsequent play throughs by surviving with them. Leveling up makes them stronger but the skills or stats cannot be customised by the player. You can give items to heroes which allows for some variation. With all of the resource management going on I think the levelling system is just right. Any more complex would have made it difficult to handle.Make no mistake, Dungeon of the Endless is really difficult as it is! I tried 20 times (or more than 10 hours) on “easy” before switching to “too easy” and only then being able to finish the game. Dungeons are randomly generated which makes every try feel fresh. I’m sure more difficulty levels can be opened with completion though I haven’t been able to (yet). You can also open new game modes that change the ruleset and really change your playstyle so the game has a lot of replayability.Dungeon of the Endless is a pixel art game and I personally really like the look. Animations are good and lighting effects make the game quite atmospheric. It’s also light on the system and runs on my ultrabook without problems exept the character select screen which has the only 3d objects of the game and really kills the framerate. Doesn’t have any effect on playability though. Music and sounds in general are also great and I had no crashing issues or anything. So great job on the technical front!I was really hooked by this game. It made me skip schoolwork, it made me almost burn dinners and my back was aching for hunching down on the computer for hours. Dungeon of the Endless is great, really really great and I thoroughly recommend it!"
,Recommended,249050,22331067,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Wutnold124,"Only thing wrong about this game is that it's acronym isn't DotAAlso, with my current experience of this game, it's quite fun. It's character designs and it's art gives off a Risk of Rain vibe, but the papercraft elements in the game give it a little charm. I could imagine this being a tabletop game, with how the systems work.Even when not on sale, it's definitely worth the price, especially with the addional DLC."
,Recommended,249050,22346331,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,‖IIIIlllll‖‖‖‖lIIIIllII‖‖lllIIII,"Fun game for friends, says it's on Very Easy and Easy at the beginning. What it really means is Try Hard, and♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,249050,22346541,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Nightrader,"What an odd game.A strategic, co-op roguelike that does everything (almost) right. Now, I would argue this is an actual rogueLIKE, not a rogueLITE, but I don't like making these reviews long or even doing them in the first place.The art is beautiful, the music is fantastic, and as someone who doesn't like roguelikes, it's fun.I'll warn you, however, that playing with friends is the only way this should be played. The panic, the interactions, all of that make the game so much more fun. It's cheap, it's fun, give it a shot."
,Recommended,249050,22348611,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,I love you!,Stupid chimeras and Hurna hunters...
76561198132685307,Recommended,249050,22383260,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Hello,"Gud game, much wow... Nuff' Said."
76561198080475611,Recommended,249050,22384950,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,dtuutp45,"First time ever reviewing a Steam game.Been there, done that on AAA titles. Burned out on MMOs. Got into indie games.Dungeon of the Endless seems like a shining example of what ""new"" gaming is all about. It was so fun and different it motivated me to write about it.There are funny characters that seem to have creative abilities. The tower defence elements coupled with each opened door triggering a ""turn"" creates a palatable tension in the game. The challenge and strategy of when to build vs when to defend vs when to run seems to be endless.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,249050,21434618,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Dr. Catdad,"So this game has easily hopped into my top five.The day I picked this gem up, I knew it was worth it.A multitude of content within a game that will kick your♥♥♥♥♥if you look at it the wrong way.The comparision can be made to your Uncle Jim.He loves you and you love him, he's great to be around, but he's a bit a weird.As soon as you look at him the wrong way, he'll get psychotic and beat you to a pulp.And yet you forgive him, because if you treat him the exact right way, he'll always be your favorite uncle.(the metaphor made it weird, this game is an A+, buy it and buy it NOW)"
76561198128293531,Recommended,249050,21386909,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Bort,"A very well polished rogue like dungeon defense game. This is a mix that is almost never done to the perfection of ""Dungeon Of the endless"". I can recommend  his game to anyone I know!"
,Recommended,249050,21541405,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Musica,would be great of multiplayer wasn't dead
,Recommended,249050,21537780,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Σnvy,"Play with a friend, have fun"
,Recommended,249050,21673630,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Mustang,Worth having a look in you can get it in a sale at less than $6. There are good ideas but the realization could be improved to a level that makes more sense. Still positive overall.
,Recommended,249050,21640357,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Joke Name,"Dungeon of the Endless is a wonderful game.Pros-1) Lots of heroes provide varied gameplay2) A beautiful art style3) Free DLC that adds more ships and heroes gets released periodically4) 1000% Fitting soundtrack5) Fluid gameplay that is easy to understand6) A very clear objective (get your crystal from point A to point B)7) LoooooooooooootttttttttttttCons-1) Relies on WAY too much random generation. If the Amplitude Gods dont feel like giving you a good floor 12 and it ruins your game, well, there you go. Game is ruined.2) The difficulty, even on ""Easy"" (Not counting ""Too Easy"") is really, really hard. Don't expect any dicking around with the difficulty.3) Can be laggy at timesAs you can see, Dungeon of the Endless has many good things, and very few bad things about it. Most of the cons are just personal nitpicks. Honestly, just go buy it. I went into it blind, after just watching like 2 promo videos, not reading about it, or anything. And I love it. Oh yeah, and no matter which version you buy, you will get the soundtrack, just for you c:"
,Recommended,249050,21533895,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Jadaknight,It's too hard - I love it
,Recommended,249050,21565424,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Niggachu,"It's a very very fun (frustrating) game. When you think you are ready to battle everything, that's then the end of your run. Just get it."
,Recommended,249050,15960907,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Kodiak,"This remains one of my favourite games of 2014, and may arguable be the most strategic game I've ever played.  It is extremely difficult, sadistic and requires a lot of careful planning and adaptation to succeed.  The story emerges the more you play, and you will die enough times that you'll have plenty of time to experience it all.  The concept takes traditional tower-defence and combines it with multiple push-your-luck mechanics to create a really nerve-wracking experience.  According to the game, I have made over 100 attempts through the dungeon, and yet remain as interested as when I first began.  10/10, all the points."
,Recommended,249050,16788816,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,DaniK,"The  game is tough - So you better watch you back door, because monsters WILL swarm in from there,Very addictive, awesome music, has a hidden plot which you uncover as you play (and replay).Don't undersestimate the foes, nor overestimate your heroes. Be always in focus.It also offers different game modes, that don't make things any easier - so basically you will find yourself replaying it over and over without getting bored (unless you hate losing).Have fun! :)"
,Recommended,249050,16799902,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Voruka,"Dungeon of the Endless is the perfect mix of strategic rpg with Tower defense + Resource Management.has a nice set of characters with nice (and sometimes fatal) interactions with other characters.Is an enjoyable nightmare the path to  the exit and a greater nighmare to get to the exit with the cristal (cristal brokes = you lose, all your heroes dies= you lose, psst this game has rogue-like features as permadeath so... good luck!)10/10 would die open doors"
76561197999182200,Recommended,249050,16744191,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Ghostdoctor,"Endless game play!  It's the first time the ""rogue-like"" tag feels right.  You are constantly tempted to continue exploration for fabulous treasures, precious resources, or more party members trapped inside the endless maze.  This is a must have for anyone's stam library who enjoys a good dungeon crawl."
,Recommended,249050,16746941,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Travis,11/1 would crash my ship into a planet again.
76561198123500532,Recommended,249050,16750295,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,A sentient golden potato,its just plainly awsome and cool soundtrack.i soooooo recamend this.(:
76561198185296949,Recommended,249050,16752896,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,lucasbloomquistjr,i would reccomend this game if u had strats and tactics plus the game was great when i played it i didnt get to far cos i was new and i was lost on were stuff was other than that it was great
,Recommended,249050,16755949,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,That's Adorable,Pretty awesome game with beautiful aesthetics.
76561197994585634,Recommended,249050,16683579,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Mr.Tie,"So since a lot of other reviews goes more in depth in a way I couldn't really describe, I'll go for a simple one.This game is fun.Having no real experience in 4X strategy games, I still picked up the basics fast enough and after a few runs you should know enough to have an enjoyable experience. In however hours I got in while writing this, I still haven't had a successful run but I've been focusing on unlocking characters and thus don't manage my ressources very well yet.Depending on the characters you pick, you can get storylines involving certain specific ones and discover more of their backstory the more consecutive floor they survive, which I personnaly really like.So all in all, fun, fairly easy to pick up the basic rules, and quite challenging."
,Recommended,249050,16691250,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Chrysippus,"Rogue-like tower defense. Every one of the ""Endless"" branded games is awesome."
,Recommended,249050,16694379,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,holdmykidney,"Part dungeon crawler, part tower defence, part base building, part RPG - what's not to like?The range of gameplay options and styles is huge. While the challenging difficulty may prevent some important lessons from being learned, the very easy mode allows a pretty good sandbox in which to experience all the characters and tech and work out the best options for a run on the default difficulty.The pixel art is beautifully realised and the character roster varied and entertaining. The ongoing dialogue between multiple characters becomes an additional challenge of keeping the partnership alive long enough to hear how it works out!If I had a few criticisms, one would be that it is not possible to see character starting abilities and plot combinations from the character selection screen - you need to start up a game to see this detail. Secondly, there are a few enemy types that it is hard to distinguish and determine their abilities. Also, there is no way to get heroes to prioritise different targets. They will happily ignore a creature that is killing them in favour of attacking a completely different enemy.Overall I've had a huge amount of enjoyment out of Dungeon of the Endless. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,249050,16649310,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,}T.V.F{ TheNetherAngel,"I love this game the mix of roguelike, tower defence and tactical game play blends seamlessly togather. mix that with weird witty characters and infinate challenges in the diffrent game modes and you have yourself a blast of a time."
76561198044844771,Recommended,249050,16655398,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,matt0l,"You will dieI'm pretty poor at this game, maybe I don't balance out my teams, maybe I don't know when to stop opening doors. You lose a lot, but each experience is unique and fun.I only just beat the game for the first time with 16 hours of play. Things were going great I had a full team; Sara, Nanor, Mormish and Misha and I'm feeling confident that we will all surive until:Level 10I know the ends in sight, and use Sara's speed to run anti-hero monsters back and forth keeping them from the group as they deal with the unfortunate reprecussion of running low on dust and a very long dead end. I later found the exit four doors in the other direction.The groups skills are in constant use and I refresh Misha's health regen skill, and Mormish's dust collect in a hope I can power a few rooms after the wave. Then Nanor dies, then Misha takes massive damage and having got this far i'm determinded to finish. Opening the last couple doors with Sara I use her sprint to get to the crystal, refresh it, turn it on and make a run, Misha dies, Mormish dies. Sara escapes to the next floor.Level 11Plays out awfully in my favour, yet another long dead end. Several close calls were I lose nearly all my dust. I survive.Level 12Im gripped now I have to survive and find a way, each room is planned all my modules are Industry and Prison blasters. Cross rooms are filled with buffs. Like 10 and 11, long dead end. Unfortunately I get EMP'd twice and much like 10 I needed to open the last doors with a sprint through the last 3 I find the final Exit. I'm running low on food to heal, low on science to refresh, and everything is getting hit by module monsters. With enough science for one refresh, I head back to the crystal, refresh, turn and sprint, using the last of my food to heal as I go, I'm at 1/4 health, willing Sara to survive she has to make it to the exit, my mouse hovering to click the elevator button....I MAKE IT.VerdictThis game is great fun, and to an extent you feel a connection to the characters if you stick with them through a play through. It is hard you do die and it takes time to get used to it but when you do even when you die you jump back in and try again.8/10Would die again and again and again...and again."
76561197963756029,Recommended,249050,17891657,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,el pablo,"Really good fun. Strategic, RPG, random maps. Totally recommended :)"
,Recommended,249050,17880795,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,lavastine,"The gameplay is engaging, unique and challenging. The art is great and the music is superb. Heartily recommended."
76561198022162487,Not Recommended,249050,17902269,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,SaintMacintosh,Game hangs on launch 5k iMac
76561198117257297,Recommended,249050,17910534,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,PancakeHobo,"Amazing game and designs! I think in terms of challenge is decently balanced, the randomness means the game will be different with each playthrough and you can mix and match characters for different strategies."
76561198039279489,Recommended,249050,16551469,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Garrett,"Dungeon of the Endless is by far. One of my favorite games of all time. It blends Tower Defense games with RPG like qualities very well. Additonally, the game has a beautiful soundtrack and an even more beautiful background secenery.This is my list of Pros and ConsPros: Very good blend of Tower defense and RPG qualities.Has some story to it.A crap ton of prisoners to play as.Charapter interactionOverall beautifully crafted and beautiful loading in screensCons: A little  hard to micromanege(Unless you're already good w/ micromangeing)Later lvls get REALLY hard."
76561198092112536,Recommended,249050,16561590,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Huffulufugus,"Great game, have not won on easy yet and we all know tat aint right.Only problem is the sleepiness, if your tired, don't even bother opening the game, it's great for making you wanna sleep if your not full of energy.7.5/10"
76561197962095047,Recommended,249050,13629778,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Roxxer69,"Got to level 7 game crashed...restarted, got to level 10 game crashed...wasted time. Pretty good game, frustrating when this happens.**EDIT**Game is a lot better since updates. I recommend it even more now."
76561197983324630,Recommended,249050,9968370,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,owen445x,"I thought that this game was going to be pointless in opening endless amounts of rooms for what?Well I watched a youtube from SplatterCat which he demonstrated the first level and it looked really interesting. So I gave it a go and wow! Probably best $9.72 cent game I have ever bought. I have been a avid gamer since early childhood playing games like Mega Man 2 back in the Nintendo days and not that many games impress me any more. When I played this game, I couldn't stop. I couldn't even sleep at night because I kept thinking of this game.It does a great job using a mini RPG aspect with the hero's while blending it with a tower defense game.I highly recommend you to check out the splattercats video.  This is what sold me and I am sure it will for you. -http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKJk3gvtLyc"
,Recommended,249050,9970032,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,opticnurv.,Walked into a room and got killed by bugs.10/10 will tell everyone I know to buy
,Recommended,249050,9980997,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,whYorick,"This game, though still in early access, is quickly becoming one of my favorite Rogue-Like games. Very easy to play, very hard to win. Tons of things that I want to know more about. I definitely recomend this game."
76561198061283617,Recommended,249050,9984496,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Squire_Teelosy,"Dungeon of the Endless is a fun, fast paced, over head, dungeon crawl. It always scares me to open a door because i may be rewarded or flooded with enemies. It makes me feel accomplished upon completing a level and leveling up my characters and giving them new items. It may still be early access but that just means great things are still to come. I would give Dungeon of the endless a 10 out of 10"
,Recommended,249050,9988715,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Aggressor,"Very addicting take on tower defense & dungeon exploring. Its worth the early access.You take units and move through rooms. Each room you open is a turn. Resources are based on turns (i.e. rooms opened). You upgrade heroes, find items, research new techonologies, build towers for defense. Its really great. As a hardcore TD and RPG guy I found myself very addicted to this.High reccomendation here!"
76561198134990876,Recommended,249050,9992709,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,jimthereaper86,very nice game easy enough to pick up difficult as hell to master
,Recommended,249050,10000068,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Delanos Maximus,Great game. Highly playable in its current development phase. I really enjoyed each part of it. It's really challenging and has that rouge-feeling that I missed for long.
76561198008719462,Recommended,249050,17072584,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Stealy,great game and is very challenging with replayability however in multiplayer if the host leaves everyone gets kicked out and you get nothing out of the endeavour but the host can save it so if your playing with friends and people need to leave you can save it and have everyone pop back on the floor you were on. so don't expect to finish many games on multiplayer unless your playing with friends or a group of people that can sit on the game for a good bit
,Recommended,249050,17083881,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Noxious Ghoul,"The game is brutal at first, until you begin to understand the rythm of the game, how resources are acquired, and what to put your resources into the game will feel impossible. This is ultimately the games best feature as once you begin to master the basics the game comes into focus and all the impossible become possible, the game opens up and becomes so much more. It's style is turn based RTS, with RPG elements, along with some great TD aspects. Even when NOT on sale, this game is completely worth the $12.99 tag as replayability is HIGH, along with up to 4 Player Co-OP (Each player taking the roll of 1 hero - in Single Player you would control all characters)."
76561198079398822,Recommended,249050,16957462,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,𝕺𝖑' 𝕽𝖚𝖘𝖙𝖞,"Dungeon of the Endless is a blend of Tower Defence/Dungeon Crawler, where each door presents an ever-increasing challenge paired with growing rewards and uncertainty to create an extremely addicting experience. One will find themselves inevitably coming back to this game for a either a quick or unexpectedly long playthrough, as the replay value to this game is comparable to searching for the exit of an endless dungeon (hint hint). Similar to Solitaire in ONLY this way, you will find some playthroughs to be swift and punishing, coming to your almost immediate defeat, or you'll go on expecting a short game only to find yourself an hour into the game checking and double-checking to make sure everything has been set the best way possible before opening the next door. Depending on perspective, the combat can either be considered ""clunky"" (for me it was moreso ""skill-catered"") or challenging, as units damaged in a previous room may not be the main focus of your towers upon entering the next room, as each tower is set to prioritize different units.  For example, certain enemy spawns will only charge through in an attempt to rush the power crystal you are trying to protect as you rid them full of bullets, while others may be prioritized to attack your heroes, towers, resource nodes etc.Overall, excellent game, 9.5/10 will return to feed my addiction.""Never mark anything as 100%, because there is always room for improvement"""
76561198113247644,Recommended,249050,16929538,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Raon,This game is awesome.The art is nice.Gameplay good.Amazing soundtracks.You feeling lucky? Play this.You like strategy? Play this.You get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when your game is ruined ? Play this.
,Recommended,249050,17394757,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,LarknLoad,"Solid Game! Might not look like much from pictures or even trailers alone, but Dungeon of the Endless utilizes many different gameplay mechanics and does it very well.You can level up your characters, change equipment load outs, learn/equip new abilities, research new tech., use tower defense style turrets, debate risky rewards, all the while within randomized levels complete with wandering merchants and potential allies that you need to determine if you want the extra help at the expense of sharing resources with.Otherwise, this game has fitting music that sets the tone of the environment well, and the graphics (although blocky) are well suited for the game in a retro way. Best of all replayablility is high due to wanting to unlock that next character, beating the next dungeon layout, or simply achieving the high score/achievements.Again, I highly recommend this title if you are a fan strategy/tactical games."
76561198037705419,Recommended,249050,8614658,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,WigglyEagle,Yes
76561198105098481,Recommended,249050,17246382,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,kiba_47,"I saw some friends playing it, and thought it was cool how it looked like an old 8-bit game, but thought naa I don't think I'd like it. My talked me into buying it about a month later, and now I don't sleep at night because all I want to do is play this game. VERY FUN AND MORE ADDICTIVE THAN CRACK ( I think I don't know for sure because I don't condone Crack )Sleep Deprived Travis T"
76561198066648700,Recommended,249050,18006244,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,DaHipHopWitch,Im in love with thi game! Feels like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ every run!
76561198093145458,Recommended,249050,30529820,Posted: 15 March,all,BigBlueDinosaur,"Not what I was expecting (you don't directly control your character(s), instead you just guide them from room to room and they do the work).  But a deep, strategic and fun game nonetheless.  The pixel art graphics could be a little better IMHO, but they're decent and the soundtrack is great, very ethereal and synth-y.  Gamepad controls could be mapped out more logically (some of it seems obtuse for no reason).  All in all, a pretty good but not fantastic unusual little game.  If you're expecting an action-RPG with strategy, this isn't it."
76561197988410749,Recommended,249050,17979172,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Anti-ist,"I'm terrible at this game. I have never actually completed a playthrough, but somehow I still enjoy it.  The graphics are quaint, the levels rogue-like, and the humor sparse, but it's worse the minimal price. 7/10"
,Recommended,249050,8722043,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Ookla,Brilliant game. Love the combination of different types of games into one seamless defense/action/rpg hybrid.
,Recommended,249050,8731724,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Engell,"An awesome rogue like, with alot of potential"
,Recommended,249050,8732926,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,A-A-Ron,Name another game where you can a prison uniform on a charator and have them preform better than before...the answer is no because this game is a one of a kind.
76561198048676751,Recommended,249050,8739088,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Naithiz,"My personal reviwe of Dungeon of the Endless.I have played a few hours now and gotten to 4-5 and so say this is a first impression not a full reviwe.As I have seen it a a semi turn based stratagy exploration game. Its all about luck, timming, planning, and just a bit of micro.It is easy to play but stays a hard game. looking away will feel easy to do then poof a guy will die. At the moment it does not have a good way to control your heros and they can be put into positions where you either lose them or lose production, and yet with slight unit placement you could save bolth. The power system can be anoying when you cant power a room because you need 1 dust and you keep oppening doors lessening how much production you cn get that lvl. the node system is interesting and plays into luck.All in all I find it is an engaging game to play and with more things comming to it it will only get better. pick it up now if you are into flash style games."
,Recommended,249050,8742934,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,y0jimbo,"Still early alpha build but this game has lots of potential, really looking forward to how it turns out :D"
76561197996295745,Recommended,249050,8743724,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Shenpai 쉔파이,"Pretty good game, reminds me of a dungeon version of FTL, quite difficult even for a beginner.  I like the pixel graphics, very nice. Can't wait for the finished game after early access."
76561198056890692,Recommended,249050,8748330,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Nautilisk,"For the people potentially buying this please note it is only in alpha, and there are only 2 levels as of now (They're working on a third and expecting up to 8). There are also a lot of planned features, meaning there's not much of anything right now; however, it is an excellent foundation to be improved on and I'm anxiously awaiting more updates. It has excellent audio/visual and is really fun to play."
,Recommended,249050,8753144,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,OiKanJi,"Beautiful, interesting and addictive. Even with the relatively small ammount of content released this far (it's still in alpha at the moment) it's pretty fun to play. The music, the graphics and the general mood of the game are awesome to play with a mug of any hot beverage."
,Recommended,249050,8757112,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,[TG] Thranx,"A fantastic game, even in the earlier stages of development.  It's a unique and addictive form of game play.  A bit rouge-like, but predominately strategy based.  Set in the same universe as Endless Space, tho with no real nods to it outside of the race and the resources being FIDS.  This game is worth far more than its current $10 price tag and even with the limited play available at this point in the Early Access, I've certainly gottem more than my money's worth out of it."
76561198107509031,Recommended,249050,8758443,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Skyshield,"easy to learn, hard to win. and set in a kick-butt awesome setting in connection with Endless space. its a treat"
,Recommended,249050,8761094,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Masterings,"This game I fell in love with this game the minute I got into the gameplay. It lives up the the title of 'rouge-like game', I'm Exstatic about choosing the founders pack when I bought the game knowing how great of a game this is. One of the few good early-release games if not amazing. I can highly reccomend picking this game up if you are into Rouge-Like games and if it's still  early release by the time you pick it up go with the founders pack you won't regret it!"
76561198030486077,Recommended,249050,17657303,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Timerunner,"""Finnaly i beat the game... The feelin of ectasy over all those painful hours is over... i turn around to leave the computer... gets the feelin im invincible tries ""hard"" mode with unending waves... Lost on floor 9... FUUUUUUUUUUU (Static sounds)""10/10 Whould Violate my Pride to such a point its nonexsistant"
76561198072984506,Recommended,249050,17573645,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,The Black Sheep,"This game is a strange beast. First I found myself perplexed about the strategy/rogue-like/dungeon crawler hybrid. I didn't know if I actually liked it at all. But gradually I found myself investing more and more time into escaping the dungeons. I like the charming visuals, the heros are interesting and gameplay is fun. You have to use strategy to build an escape route towards the exit because when you collect the crystal the enemies come swarming, which is exciting and challenging. The only gripe I have, is that the multiplayer lobbys are regually empty which a shame more than anything."
76561197972639815,Recommended,249050,17609260,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Star-spanning Man of the Future,Addicting in every way.  Same difficulty level as FTL.  Awesome character design. Made for co-op.  What else is there to say?
76561198007016757,Recommended,249050,17614688,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,The Legend Never Dies,"Very good, very hard, very entertaining."
,Recommended,249050,17514752,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,The Gaming Kirby,"Deep into space you are in a space pod with you and your crew, the only thing that you have are an energy crystal, weapons, food, metal, and other resources. Stay and survive as long as you can until you are safe from the aliens that creep within your space pod, but a new crew has joined, the Heavy, Engineer, Medic, and Pyro have joined the fun. Play as them or the original 4 and uncover notes, rooms, people, and fight your way out of the nightmare."
,Not Recommended,249050,17892156,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Tridus,"This feels to me like it could have been a fun game, but for the life of me I just can't get into it. The art style is a huge turn off, making things indistinct and harder to see. The gameplay itself just doesn't have the same fun that a normal tower defense game does, as nothing happens for most of the level and then it goes totally crazy at the end, when there's very little you can do about it.Several mechanics are not well explained and you have to go read a wiki to understand how they work. I love Amplitude's other two Endless games, but this one just didn't work out for me."
76561197978764856,Recommended,249050,16878740,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,hugepeen,"This game is great, super addictive, although the multiplayer makes you share recources which is kinda lame. It almost makes you want to go play single player because you have full control over the recources for building things. It would probably be best to play with a close friend over teamspeak or skype or something so you can coordinate best. Having said that, it would be awesome. The single player is fantastic, once i got the game i went on a 24 hour binge trying to beat the first pod. But wait, there is more. More pods after your first go through as well as an actual endless mode where you cant beat it... It just gets harder and harder and harder till you die and cry. Unlocking/finding all the heros as you go. Completely worth the price if you ask me and more than worth it if you can get it on sale. I still find myself coming back to it like i did today. Loads of replayability.YES, I RECOMMEND!Edit* I see they fixed the multiplayer so you dont share recources anymore you merely get lower amounts which is good overall."
76561198042242154,Recommended,249050,17981448,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,WinteR,"This is my favorite rogue-like I've played. It does a great job of combining genres in a way, with commanding your squad, setting up tower defenses, and dungeon crawling coming together in a perfect blend. It's also balls-hard."
,Recommended,249050,16903423,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Naked_Shaved_Ewok,"It is well done and a blast to play. But some of the later levels just become to over whelming with all of the enemies.The tower defense and exploring aspects are spot on. If you enjoy tower defense you probably will dig this. But the limit of resources kinda hamper the gameplay. Having the rooms randomly powerdown for no reason, later on, kinda ruins the fun though.And, there really isn't an ending. Which seems kinda cheap to me. Considering how well Endless Space and Endless Legend are done, it seems they kinda stop caring toward the end. Why no ending?Yyou spend like 6 hours trying to get through a dugeon just to see a bunch of people crying on a cliff no matter what you do."
,Recommended,249050,16903441,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,GhostlyPixel,"If you enjoy tower defense, dungeon crawlers, and rogue-likes, then this is the game for you.First off, I'd like to high-five the developers for the Metroid reference with the character ""Sara Numas"" (Backwards that spells ""Samun Aras"", switch the last letters and you get ""Samus Aran""). It's great to see, and was totally unexpected.The game's pixel art design looks fantastic, none of the cheesy looks that come with many pixel art games these days. Animations are very well done, and characters are easily distinguishable.Gameplay is a really cool hybrid of tower defense, dungeon crawlers, and rogue-like that I found presented a really good challenge. The first few games (and the tutorial) taught me a lot just by playing the game, and I found that it was easy to figure out what made me lose (things like not managing a character properly)."
76561198023508743,Recommended,249050,16906082,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Robb Slark,"I've been following this game since it first came up as a pre-release title. I can't even really remember why now...but damn am I glad that I did! The music, bits of story, characters, gameplay - it's really all quite good. If you like dungeon crawling rogue-likes than this is one that you should probably add to your collection. If you don't like them, then this might be the one that you should give a shot to ;) And hey, the developers actually listened to us through the whole process which is a nice change!"
,Recommended,249050,16906791,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Chiperz,"I highly recommend this game, I have gotten a lot of enjoyment out of it."
76561198005804164,Recommended,249050,16910641,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Pastulio,"Awesome/addicting game. If you enjoy games like FTL, you will love this. The mechanics take a sec to understand but once you get more comfortable with how the game plays, you start to find fun ways to exploit the game systems and really give yourself an edge. Its really fun coming across a new character and super devastating when one of you guys doesn't quite make it.Game is totally worth the $13 but it's a steal if you find it for less."
,Recommended,249050,16913236,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Unlimited.Power,"Two difficulty modes: Too Easy and Easy.Start a game on Easy, cause I'm not a wuss, and it can't be that hard.First level, go through the tutorial. Seems pretty simple.Use Dust to power rooms.Suddenly not enough Dust.Only 5 of the 15 rooms are powered.Have to take the crystal to the elevator room now at the opposite end of the level.Remove crystal, instantly swarmed by enemies.Both characters die in a matter of seconds.Shamefully start a new game on Too Easy mode.10/10 Would have my videogame prowess insulted again."
,Recommended,249050,16540734,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Insignus,"Dungeon of the Endless (DotE) is one of those rare hybrid games that manages to successfully mash together different genres into something enjoyable. In this case, Amplitude has developed a game that combines Tower Defense and light RPG elements into a rogue-like structure.While somewhat light on graphics, DotE makes up for it in rather addictive gameplay. The basic premise of the game is that the interstellar prison ship you're on has just been shot out of the sky while on route to a penal colony. The survivors scramble into the escape pods, and after a huge explosion, you find yourself trapped underground on a mysterious planet full of things that want to kill you. You must escape through successive levels to reach the surface. Pretty standard fare.Each level is randomly generated, and consists of rooms and doors. Each room can contain power nodes, resource/item drops, buff/debuffs, or special structures. It can also contain additional NPCs for you to recruit (Your maximum party size is 4) or a merchant. And of course, monsters.The game uses doors to advance the game world - research, resource production, and monster spawn timers only move forward when you open a door. Your goal is to open eough doors to find the elevator to the next level. Once you do, you pickup your power crystal from your starting room, and use one of your heros to move it and your party to the elevator room, all while dodging the final, continuous spawns for that level.It gives you a few choices on how you can do this, however. You can invest in researching new towers and making a protected path to the elevator. Or you can invest in your heros and level them up. I usually pick a middle path between them. The game uses three resources to let you do this, food, industry, and science, which are produced by building different structures throughout the rooms you open. Again, standard fare.As you progress, you can unlock new heros and escape pods for future playthroughs. Which is important, because while there is a pause feature, there is no save/load, only a exit/resume. Therefore, you can leave/return whenever you want, but it will only delay the inevitable fact that you'll die a lot. Which is not bad. DotE effectively works its roguelike angle to make this process enjoyable.The game has become polished enough that there are not many obvious downsides. As a story person, I'm obligated to not that, typical for a roguelike, there is little exposition or character development (Although this has been improved recently through some elevator banter amongst party members, but nothing serious). This is normally fine, except Amplitude has based it in an existing world structure (The ""Endless"" franchise), so if you own any of their other games, don't be let down if you can't find out how this connects to the broader universe, although they have hinted that it will. Possibly. Amplitude has promised to introduce new heros (Currently there is a healthy selection) as well as a faction system and some plotlines. But again, ROGUE-LIKE.Another downside is the lack of a more detailed Bestiary, which is both good and bad. The upside is that it leaves something for you to figure out on your own. The downside is that it makes power gaming annoying, as the distribution of enemy stats will not be clear to you. Some of it is done through character design, however, for example, variations of a certain set of bug creatures will vex you when you expect them to chase your heros, but it instead beelines for the crystal, because that happens to be the PINK ONES, not the brown ones. Whether this is actually a downside is a function of how much your enjoy rogue-like games.Overall, I'd give DotE something like an 8.5/10. Its a solid investment of your time and money, and if you enjoy tower defense games, rogue-likes, or hero based games, this game will have something for you."
,Recommended,249050,16543132,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,GamaRei,"Great game!  Even better when you play with friends.  Just try it :)The randomly generated element really keeps things interesting.  You will never have the same run twice, not to mention the fact that sometimes you get starved for Dust (The resource you use to power the rooms).  It really makes you think.  The soundtrack isn't too bad either.  Cheers and good luck!"
76561198043052871,Not Recommended,249050,16854578,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,GabenOnlyKnows,Too facking hard.
76561197978714586,Recommended,249050,16855046,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,KannedFarU,This a fantastic RTS with very low replay value. Pick it up when it goes on sale. Really wish the devs would get behind the wheel and take this game to where it needs to go.
,Recommended,249050,16862937,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Adsel,I played Easy mode once and it was awful.
76561197977267914,Recommended,249050,16373701,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,phildinius,"This game is very excellent, but surely not for everyone.Good- Excellent Graphics, I feel the trailer doesn't do the aesthetic justice- Good learning curve, feels satisfying once you've played for a while- Very tactical, a nice squad level feel- Moody, subtle musicBad- When you lose, it's often quick and feels like there was no time to respond to whatever ended your run (but it's a rogue-like so there you go)- Can get repetive, especially once you've unlocked most or all of the charactersAll this to say:I don't like tactical or non-interactive combat, but thought this game rocked anyway."
76561198086418143,Recommended,249050,16374673,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Sarthos_Jacruga,"Bloons Tower Defense 5 mixed with Dark souls...But seriously, at the time of writing this review, i have played for half an hour, yet it is easily within my favorite games. Great gameplay, amazing art style and soundtrack, relatively simple to learn, but punishes a slight oversight or mistake with loads of enemies and permadeath. Honestly, this is a game i regret not buying sooner. Ever since i first saw it, i wondered if it was worth the price, but if you're a fan of Bloons TD, Sanctum, or Dungeon Defenders, this is another game for you."
76561198084314788,Recommended,249050,16283999,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Pants.,"Wow, I finally found a game on steam that I won't regret buying."
,Recommended,249050,16285861,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,FlameHaze,Truly an endless amount of fun and re-playability game! BUY BUY BUY!
76561198135983120,Recommended,249050,16340248,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,GuyFromReddit,Girl in cloth clothes is more tankier than a girl in giant metal suit.10/10
,Recommended,249050,16386440,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,LazyDingo27,Friend told me to buy it. I did.
,Recommended,249050,13505347,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,xTwisteDzx,"This Game.... All I can say is I did not expect to get so sucked into it.It's great, fun, and a good time killer."
76561198030761950,Recommended,249050,13508523,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,danielerickson,"A little slow to pick up, it does all the Rogue-like dungeon crawl things right and many of them in way I hadn't seen before. When you lose you understand why you lost and if you don't understand how the underlying systems work and exploit them you will lose quickly. The game forces you to actually learn, rewards clever play and has some great surprising moments. Watch out for those personality conflicts!"
76561197993558563,Recommended,249050,13508804,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ryanlogic,"This is a great game.I'm a big fan of FTL which led me to look into other rogue-like games. I saw this on sale and went for it. Dont get me wrong, this game is nothign like FTL as far as gameplay goes... but death is permanent and there is so much to do and find. Ive unlocked a few characters, but I havent even unlocked any of the other ships so theres tonnes of stuff left to do.  Its an interesting mix between RPG, RTS, and tower defense.Much like FTL, this game makes you care about your little pixelated characters way too much. :)"
76561198043901228,Recommended,249050,13472729,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,BubbleGumSage,great little rougelike havent seen anything like this before. did have issue with crash on launch when it first started but the developer has a fix in the support section if it does happen to you so i say its worth it. the only porblem i have is the crystal pack i have no idea what that does at all i wish they elabored on what this library mode this is.
76561197987447200,Recommended,249050,13480342,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,XTR6000,"""The pod is made to sustain any crash"" unlike the multiplayer- having fun sofar 3 hours in, otherwise"
76561198018467185,Recommended,249050,13528555,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Grax,"Dungeon of the Endless is a great example of what indie developers do that the big boys can't; they took a risk on wildly different mechanics and it turned out really, really well. Hard game, expect to die a lot before you win for the first time. Would recommend."
,Recommended,249050,13529338,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Von Lupinstein,"I'm not usually a fan of 'roguelike' games because of whole lose whatever progress you made when you die and having to start from scratch.  Or how some of them can be too luck dependant and almost feel like the game is playing you rather than the other way round.Dungeon of the Endless feels much different to me.  For one, even if you fail you usually have unlocked new characters and each one is unique and has different strengths and weaknesses, this helps keep the game fresh and offers variety.  Also while there is obviously the randomness of the floor structure and what was within, I never felt like I was being controlled, I was able to adjust to the situation and make a success of it if I strategised.Also, that curve that other roguelikes can have of hard at start, easier later on, is switched around.  At the start its pretty easy, but builds and builds in difficulty.  For example at the start I open every single door to get what I can out of the game, but by the end of the game I'm scrambling to find the exit as fast as possible and dash off.There is a lot of strategy involved in this game, while at the same time keeping it simple enough not to feel overwhelming.  Its pretty simple premise of taking a crystal from a starting place to the exit, but you can only move the crystal once you find that exit.  But beyond that its left to you, such as do you specialize in Food to get your heroes as strong as possible at the expense of your turrets? Do you leave 3 people operating machines in order to boost production and risk your sole adventurer getting swamped?  Its all left up to you and the beauty of the game is there is no one 'right' way.  There are many different routes to success.The game is by no means easy.  You can make it as challenging as you desire.  There are different ship types which can drastically change the difficulty.  You start off with one that has no bonuses/debuffs, to others where you don't heal after a fight, another where you start with 4 heroes but can't replace them, to an endless level mode where you just see how long you can survive.I highly recommend this game if you're someone who is after a different kind of roguelike."
76561198002140570,Recommended,249050,13532360,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Gaia,"Excellent rogue-like game. You will die a few times while learning how to play it, but after you get the basics it is awesome.Be VERY CAREFUL with who is in your team, some of the characters will simply kill each other on the elevator scene, which was extremely frustrating since the ""event"" killed my most powerful character when I reached the last floor for the first time."
,Recommended,249050,13510894,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Ivory Natalia,"I admit, this isn't exactly my forte when it comes to games - I like the sandbox games a lot better these days. However, this game is reminescent of old school games while having a new game feel. It's not about the graphics - it's about the gameplay. So glad to see a game get back to that! :D"
76561197981537445,Not Recommended,249050,13463031,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,urbanriot,"UPDATE to the below: I no longer hate the game and in fact enjoy it immensely. However I hate the fact that you need to readhttp://dungeon-of-the-endless.wikia.comto understand these finer details that are actually critically important to surviving. Until they improve upon teaching new players, even just by including a manual PDF, I'm giving this thumbs down.At this point I really regret the purchase as it seems like an Early Access game but it's not advertised as such.You start the game out and there's tooltips that seem to be providing you a tutorial but one of the key interactive elements is using the middle mouse button to power up a room - for whatever reason, neither of my mice on either of my computers will activate the room powers and there's no rebinding in the options. Turns out left ctrl + left mouse is another way to do this... why would the game not advise this to begin with?But this tool tip tutorial, it simply stops guiding you and leaves you wondering how to actually play the game...I've spent about 3 hours on this game and I regret my purchase, possibly because I don't know how to play but possibly because the game doesn't have the best interface or guidance on how to play."
,Recommended,249050,13516756,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,zombiedanceprod,"A crazy combo of strategy, tower defence, rogue-like, and I-don't-know-what-else all delicately manipulated together to create this beautifully pixelated masterpiece.  I never had my heart race so much during a top-down strategy game but this one does it again and again every time I play.  I want to recomend this to everyone I know. A must play, hands down."
,Recommended,249050,13340800,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,LordNRG,"Great game! If you liked FTL, you'll love this!Links in well to the Endless universe too!"
76561197990663492,Recommended,249050,13340837,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,BoyToy,"A masterpiece and a strong contender for my game of the year, and the multiplayer is amazing!."
76561197978524832,Recommended,249050,13364575,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Catacomb,"Dungeon of the Endless is not a game that I would normally play.  In fact, I have never even liked the Rogue-like genre.  When people told me to buy FTL, I did.  Hated it.  So, it was with some trepidation that I bought Dungeons of the Endless.  I am glad that I did, however, because it is one very unique game.Dungeon of the Endless starts you out with two heroes that you choose at the start of the game.  These heroes survived the destruction of their ship, and the crashing of their escape pod.  You then take these heroes throughout each floor, opening each door, building defenses, upgrades, and also leveling up your heroes to combat the creatures that infest the Dungeon.  Each wave of monsters that comes at you can only spawn from dark rooms.  Rooms are lit by using Dust, which powers your Crystal that you start off with in your escape pod.It's a very unique game.  It has been described as a party-based Rogue-like, and tower defense hybrid.  That's pretty much what it is, but it's really so much more.  The soundtrack is nice and moody, but the pixel art (which has been overdone lately) is very well done.  Nice uses of color, and lighting, make it a beautiful game to look at.But, the game is hard.  I haven't even beat it on easy.  There are two modes, Too Easy, and Easy.  It's brutal, trust me.  I have made it to the 11th Floor, and that was it.  But, I keep trying, because the game is really interesting, addictive, polished, beautiful, and just plain fun.Buy it, but prepare to die.  Often.Update:After trying time and again to conquer the ""Easy"" mode, I've been playing on Too Easy.  Learning the game is much better this way, especially if you are new to Rogue-likes, like me.  This is also a fun way to unlock the different characters, escape pods, and the Album which contains some backstory to the characters, written by the mysterious person behind the planned trip to Auriga in the first place.  Finding out the different character interactions, is also fun to see.  They interact with each other, if paired up, and discuss some of their backstory on the elevator ride to the next floor of the Dungeon."
76561198052054185,Recommended,249050,13411800,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Meat Golem,"Dunegon of the Endless is a fine example of what can be accomplished by minimizing graphics in favor of overall flavor. The  time I've spent getting to know this game is a great deal more than it takes to master it's mechanics, but after discovering the interconnected stories told by different characters during the elevator scenes I was compelled to complete the roster and play through as many permutations as possible in order to learn which characters shared histories or banter could be seen.The game itself takes place in a series of 12 levels, (or an endless mode, which becomes insanely difficult past a certain point) through which you move one to four ""Hero"" characters, trying to find the elevator. Once the elevator room has been discovered, you then have to make sure you can make the run to that room without being overwhlemed by the monsters which will begin swarming from any unpowered room and attempt to kill the character carrying the power crystal. Even the fastest character is significantly slowed by the weight of the crystal, and they are unable to fight or use skills while they are encumbered.This is where the tower defence and tactical elements of the game come to the fore. Where at the beginning of the level you're focused on powering rooms, building production units and aquiring tech upgrades, once the last door has been opened or you're ready to make the run to the elevator (which will open all the remaining doors anyways, creating even more unpowered rooms to spawn monsters) you have to carefully depower and repower rooms to ensure you have as clear a path as possible to the elevator, and put as many defence modules in them as you can to stem the tide of creeps.There are a few minor moments where you'll get frustrated, like finding a merchant who's selling an awesome item, only to realize that he's bartering Dust and that you would have to sacrifice powering a few rooms in order to aquire it, or splitting your party in order to have one or two characters operating production modules in order to maximize your gains for a few turns, only to have the character or characters on point get absolutely swarmed and either waste a ton of food healing them or have one of them killed by high DPS monsters before you can hammer the ""Heal"" button, but overall the fun I've had with this game far far outstrips the minor annoyances.I would recommend this game for anyone who likes tower defence games, enjoys being tantalized by snippets of stories which obviously spool into something much larger, or people who get a kick out of tactical resource management. Or all three.Cheers."
,Recommended,249050,13423484,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Villages,"Tetris, Bejeweled, and many other games are not expected to be completed.Many other games will never be completed in one sitting, with no respawn.The idea behind this game where it seems you're doomed to failure, is to beat your last record.Live longer. Master the maze your building.It is a simple game with a built in polish and complexity.  And  a  humorous  text conversation is included.Each time you open a door, (hey, you don't have to!) , you open up safety, a prize, or a surprize!So, you learn from mistakes and invent your own way to gain further ground.But, remember, No game is the same. All mazes are unknown, and you choose which way to stumble.Try to extend a few more breaths down that hallway, before you croak. Yay!"
76561198049432846,Not Recommended,249050,13424932,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Paradox,"Counter-intuitive controls/frustrating interface. Also, the trailer makes it seem like it's much more than it actually is; a glorified tower defence."
76561198003729960,Recommended,249050,13425089,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,ninjabread,A little diamond in the rough. Great replayability for a rorgue-like. Highly recommend picking it up if it goes on sale.
,Recommended,249050,13425218,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Typhon,A very entertaining rogue-like tower defense RPG tactical strategy game. It does all of those and it does them all well. I highly recommend. :)
76561198091661976,Recommended,249050,13425799,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Impulse,"Definitely a fun game, I reccommend grabbing it with some friends for sure, thats the reason why its so fun for me.  The gameplay is simple yet original where you control a hero and place turrets, combining hero movement and micromanaging with turret building.  It is rather intuitve as its an entirely different type of gamestyle where heros choose whether or not to upgrade turrets or players.  The game is challenging enough that you rarely win yet enjoyable enough that you wouldn't mind coming back to playing another round.  (In short, its not a game that unfairly kills you).  I love how its a rogue like too:D.  Really the only issue that I have is when connecting to other players, I find that they disconnect randomly during a level which is really really frustrating.  (Players can't join midgame and my friends and I have to restart.  All in all, its a great game and i reccommend it 8/10 until they fix multiplayer"
76561198001096680,Recommended,249050,13875488,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Rachael Neco,"Been playing this game alot and I love ever thing about it. The sifi setting is what drew me in to the game and the art and rogue like levels that makes ever play through some new to over come. I highly recommend this game, and I know a bunch of people that got it after watching it on my stream on twitch.If you like killing stuff and managing your dudes this is one of the best games for that :D"
76561198048498273,Recommended,249050,13859581,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,SonofaGlitch,"Dungeon of the Endless may just be one of the better examples on how Early Access can work.On first glance it may seem like a cavalcade of modern indie gaming ""trends"" (i.e. gimmicks): 16 bit Pixel Graphics, Roguelike, Tower Defense, Hero based game where you deal with hordes of MOBs on prescripted routes while defending a  central object et cetera, et cetera.Some of these are elements that seem like they may not mesh well, but after spending some time with the game I've found that the extended stay the game has had in Early Access has allowed the developers at Amplitude Studios enough time to iron out the vast majority of the kinks and deliver a very smooth and really addictive game. Also, one that's hard as hell. The only difference between the two initial difficulties that I've found is really *when* the game starts becoming tough. On Easy it's on floors 3-6, on Very Easy, it's floors 6-9 (out of 12 that you have to clear in a game). Past that it's just starting on hard.So it's a potpurri of gaming ideas mixed with a strong sci-fi aesthetic, has a kicking syth soundtrack and is overall a blast to play.The only real problem being about which package you should get, since the two different packs offer a very false choice: get reduced content or get everything. Just get the crystal pack. Not for the extras or even the ""bonus"" hero, but for the ""bonus"" ship, ""The Library"" - each of the ships in the game is basically an entirely new ruleset variation to how to play the standard game, and missing out on one of them once you get hooked is going to feel like a kick to the cajones.That tomfoolery aside, a highly enjoyable and very interesting experiment on how to combine every concievable indie-game trend into a fun, demanding and enthralling experience."
,Recommended,249050,13860419,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,raldez,"Game is hella fun, die to learn styles. I actually noticed myself getting progressively between playthroughs, picking something up each time.Randomness of the dungeons makes every game different and always entices you to open 'just one more door'...Thoroughly enjoyed how new characters are unlocked too. Having to find them in randomly generated dungeons and keep them alive for a few levels in a 4 person party means you typically have to learn how to play to their strengths/weaknesses. Doubt I would have bothered trying them all once I had a crew I liked if this weren't the case...Some minor issues like no trading in multiplayer (yet - supposedly coming soon) can be annoying - but you can just sacrifice some resources by sell/buying the item from a vendor."
,Recommended,249050,13860830,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,aphazia,"Snagged this on sale a few months ago.  Finally got around to installing it and figured I'd check it out.  That was around 10pm.  It's now 3am, and I need to work at 7am.  OOPS.Hits on all the things I love - sort of turn based, sort of  real time, definitely roguelike, definitely RPGish, definitely tactical, little bit of tower defense.  It's the perfect amalgam to make you lose HOURS of time in the blink of an eye.  I foresee this being in high rotation in my regular games list for a long while.A+++.  Worth the price 2x over without hesitation."
,Recommended,249050,13863371,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,PotatoHat,"Excellent game, in the same vein as Faster Than Light. Simple mechanics yet deep strategy, punishing yet rewarding.Choose the right door :D"
,Recommended,249050,13898191,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,[SiN]Doc Omally(Pylon),TL:DR-Great game Buy it-Needs WorkshopThe Amazing pixel art pulled me in but the challenge in the darksouls level of dificulty keeps me comeing back for more. Its a hole new look at the RTS blending a dungeon crawler with tower deffence with jsut the right level of complexity. Needs workshop support to make your own pods and modifyers. Multiplayer is extremely challenging with no pause ability teamwork is an absolute must recomend playing with friends but randoms can be fun too.
,Recommended,249050,13900394,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,MrEleven,"This game is so much fun (unless you don't like challenges).  The graphics are great, the controls are simple and the variability is endless."
,Not Recommended,249050,13853280,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,O R D O S,endless amounts of tactical fun
,Recommended,249050,13858378,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Fl3sh,Nothing short of fantastic.
,Not Recommended,249050,13858907,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,JackmanXD,"Fun Fact: It's a tower defense game in the guise of a dungeon crawler.And yes, it's another case where it tries too hard to balance out both genres and the game ends up failing because of it.Honestly though, if there weren't so many game devs trying to make a quick buck off of the whole ""rouge-lite"" bandwagon, then maybe the game wouldn't feel like a Facebook app; with its lack-luster combat and hero controlling mechanic and constant need for more resource generators that you can't afford (whether it be industry points or dust).The graphics are the best part of this game, which isn't saying much because they are completely uninspired.  It's all filters and shading and bugs.  Also, on the topic of graphics, why does it take forever to load in the dungeons?  I mean Minecraft generates worlds faster than this game does a single level, and that game is Java based.Ok, I know all of that sounded a little ranty, but my point is that this is one of those games that tries too hard to be something it's not.  It is not a tower defense game, and it is certainly not a dungeon crawler.  What's left? I don't know, maybe an exhibit of why modern games are trying too hard to sell rather than make a decent and worth-while gaming experience?Yeah, that sounds about right.Jeez, Steam really needs better content filters so all this garbage stops showing up- no, that's it, I'm done ranting."
,Recommended,249050,13902999,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,RussianKd,"For the time i have played it is actually a very enjoyable game. The art style and the music makes it very enjoyable. lots of strategy involved and the turn based/real time game style is really interesting. There are lots of characters to choose from and each with their own stats and specialties/skills, that opens alot of stratagy there. How you spend your resources and what u research first, other words there is lots things were you can to strategize. I really enjoyed this game.I would rate this game 8/10"
76561197988077759,Not Recommended,249050,13904206,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,danny_maland,"""Dungeon Of The Endless"" has a nostalgic art style that does, indeed, carry a certain appeal.Unfortunately, the actual game fails to be really fun.Ultiamtely, the experience is a luck-based affair where the punishment for bad luck (or even a moderate mistake) is losing all your progress. This wouldn't be so bad if the game was a blast to play, but it isn't. It's mostly an exercise in trying to make essentially the same, cautious, resource-management choices again and again. Yes, the game is randomized, but that doesn't make the gameplay strikingly varied or engaging. It mostly just means that you can't get the equipment you want, and the rooms look a little different while being connected in a different way.This title seems to appeal to a good number of folks, but for me it was a strange combination of unenjoyable tension, repetition, and exasperation. After finding a bit of a groove, and then losing everything because of a mistake, I just didn't care enough to try again. I thought about having to do everything over again, and realized that the doing over of everything didn't appeal to me at all.I wasn't having fun, and that's what games are for."
76561197970487141,Recommended,249050,13905361,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Thwomp,"I really enjoy this game.  I lose, often.  I figure I need that.  This is definitely a go-to for killing time and feeding the need."
76561198007519527,Recommended,249050,13883790,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Janicam,"This is one great game. Good soundtrack and good gameplay, You have a good selection of heroes to play with and a couple of different game mode with the pods. It's a must have.I'm at 36 hours and im not nearly about to stop playing it.A small down side for now is the multiplayer. Works great for me and my friends stability wise but the fact that you can't trade items is kinda a downer. Don't worry, they will fix that after some bug but for now, that's the only bad point."
76561198079468316,Recommended,249050,13931361,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Sample Text,"very hard, but compltely worth it. I love the game even though iv only had a few runs.(all of which I died horibly)"
76561198039166536,Not Recommended,249050,13931462,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Elvenmoon,"This game is not ready for the Mac.Many key binds don't work, and when scrolling the screen with the mouse, when you scroll up or down, the title bar or the doc appear respectively, encumbering vision and being ugly. The devs are aware of these issues since last year and they haven't been addressed yet. I enjoyed the concept, and the game is quite fun. But those glitches slow down gameplay and remove me from the immersive experience, making them deal breakers for me.I'll be putting Dungeon of the Endless on hold for a while, because without these fixes, instead of being fun, this game is annoying."
76561197971041638,Recommended,249050,13345129,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Sock,"terribly entertaining, 10/10"
76561198044478708,Recommended,249050,13349652,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,neeravshah,"The game is really interesting. It is a mix of turn-based strategy with real-time combat. You start out with 2 heroes, and go through the game trying to explore.Each room you open counts as a turn and allows you to find new items, artifacts, merchants, and heroes to recruit. In addition, to counter these opportunities, the game adds the element of risk via unpowered rooms giving you the chance to spawn monsters that get stronger with each dungeon level you go through. Floor 1 monsters will be really easy, while floor 10 monsters can easily kill some heroes.The objective is to try to make it through the map and find the exit. When you do, you have the opportunity to carry your base crystal through to the exit. The bad part is that you also trigger endless waves of monsters when you pick up the crystal, so its a rush to make it to the exit room before you die."
,Recommended,249050,16466320,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Fatweasel,Like swearing at your friends? buy this game.
76561197993595542,Recommended,249050,16458326,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,rawkitman,"Did you like FTL? This is more of that, plus a healthy dose of micromanagement and mathmatics if you're into that.I can't stop playing this wonderful Rogue-like tower defense strategy. Buy this and give yourself the gift of delicious addictive door-opening!"
,Recommended,249050,16461027,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,BEEEEEES,"Space Hulk: Ascension & Sanctum 2 had a mutant pixel baby and it's pretty OK I guess. One of those games you have to go read the wiki first because lazydevs couldn't be bothered to portray much info in-game. You can play it multiplayer - but it wasn't really designed with multiplayer in mind...-resources aren't pooled, so you will be doing that manually to build / research things asap and survive.-There are many enemies and random factors that temporarily render heroes pointless: Each Hurna Shaman in a room reduces (stacking) hero damage by 50% to 66%, randomly discovered Stele's randomly reduce hero armor to zero and cut hero damage in half.-Operating resource-generating modules are required for survival, but in multiplayer that leaves one ore more players stuck in the same room doing nothing all floor long. It's fine in single-player or two-player co-op where you control multiple characters and can leave one to Operate, but it's a real problem in 4-player co-op.The game is very much about towers... and there are those hero guys/girls/creatures too I guess...It also bears mentioning that the controls are really strange. You can't move voluntarily or target something specifically within a room, you can only right-click to move into a room and then your character just kinda does whatever the heck they want there beyond you telling them to:-move into a different room-activating their 0 to 2 active abilities (depends on how much you've leveled up)-eating food to heal-resetting ability cooldowns... with 'science'Actual control over your hero is extremely limited compared to most games you've probably played.Despite all that, it's a good price point (also you can pick it up on sale) and can be fun with friends as long as you are eyes-wide-open aware that you will probably fail and don't sweat it. I'd strongly advise you buy the Pixel edition first, then upgrade to Crystal if you really like what you see - it adds some new heroes and game modes but doesn't drastically change the experience."
,Recommended,249050,16431903,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,KieffyBeefy,"This game is beautiful.Each enemy has its own tactic and is designed to make you change your strategy, so you can't ride the same trick through every floor. Each hero has the same benefits. No one is exactly a like and compliment each other very well. The soundtrack is great as well.My ONLY real complaint is that multiplayer is not finished, and is incredibly unstable, and I have not been able to keep a full multiplayer party past floor 4 without at least 1 of us getting disconnected. As you get items, there is no current way to trade with eachother. I still recommend this game to anyone ready for a good challenge, a good RPG, a good roguelike, or all of the above."
,Recommended,249050,15707004,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,chrysalis83,"Roguelikes are a dime a dozen these days, but this one should turn your head for 4 reasons:1) It's like nothing you've played.  Is it a Roguelike? Tower defense? An RPG? A 4X game?  All of the above.2) It has polish to spare.  The pixel art is beautiful and bursting with character, the soundtrack establishes a strong sense of place, and every bit of the UI feels well-considered.3) It's fair.  Unlike many other roguelikes, when you die, there's a very high chance it was your fault.  The mechanics are slowly doled out, some of them rather subtle, and your mastery of them typically dictates how far you advance.4) It's packed with content. There are characters to unlock and any number of alternative modes to try on top of two difficulty levels, the harder of which I've just toppled at 30 hours.Amplitude is quickly becoming one of my favorite devs, and here they've created something frighteningly compelling with all the compulsive one-more-turn-itis of a civ game.  Handily one of the best games of the year."
76561198077765838,Recommended,249050,16211404,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,uzitotte,this game is AWESOME
,Recommended,249050,16181463,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Maroon Man,The game is really fun. It's a great combination of old school games like dungeon of doom and tower defense and simple RPG games. The only problem I have is it crashes between levels and losing my progress with such stunning regularity that I have just given up playing. I hope they make it more stable as I'd love to play some more!
,Recommended,249050,16181749,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,BasiukTV,"Rogue-like + RPG + Tower Defense + Turn-Based Strategy + Stellar Game Balance + Good Humor & Characters  + Smart Monsters + Pixel Graphic + Sci-Fi + ... = Absolute Awesomeness with Huge replay value!Seriously, I sank 80 hours in this game. It's by a factor more than I spent playing majority of AAA titles.Must-buy."
,Recommended,249050,16179596,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,闇の王The Shadow影の王,I like this game you can do cool things in it. Try it!!
,Recommended,249050,16269173,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,BountyHunterMLG,"A very fun Rouge-like,Tower Defense. Its simplistic yet very much stratagy based with character perks and diffrent roles for each of your teamates including the fact that you can unlock new ships and characters with their own abilities and disabilities"
76561198086463317,Recommended,249050,16270349,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,CarterM.,"Great game. Fun to play alone, or with other people. Nice game mechanics. Kinda hard. If you love a challenge this game is for you. If you dont like challenges, you should still get the game... So get it... Now.10/10 Perfect"
76561198011737630,Recommended,249050,16222821,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,ELO,"This is a unique blend of tower defense and dungeon delving with some light (primarily permanent death) rogue-like elements sprinkled on top. My only gripe is that the game is in real-time as this is the perfect structure for an excellent and strategic turn-based game. As it stands, the combat is, in some ways, the weakest part of the game as you have very little control over your characters and turrets. Yes, you can move your characters around and use special abilities, but targeting and crowd control remain a bit of an issue due to the unnecessarily chaotic combat.Other than that, I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys tower defense style games with a twist so long as they aren't allergic to antiquated graphics."
76561198007618316,Recommended,249050,16346795,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Anomaly of Natural Selection,Simple active tower defense game that's pretty difficult
,Recommended,249050,16346973,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Chaos Agent,"Dugeon of the Endless is hodgepodge of game mechanics that through the power of amazing game design come together to form something greater then it's parts. You choose your dropship [read game style/ mode] and as many Hero's as can fit inside it and begin your quest into the Dungeon. I should point out that this game has a phenomenally balance enconomy but many new players will see it as stingy. You have Food/ Industy/ Dust/ and Science or F.I.D.S. as the game call it for short. Using your F.I.D.S. wisely is a large part of the learning curve of this game a I'll admitt I had a fair share of fustration with this but I hope you have patience like I did because once you grasp this you really get to see the depts of this design. Now the game runs in turns that happen everytime you open a door. These can trigger a enemy wave, though not always. These enemies can only spawn in rooms that arent powered or occupied by your hero's. All of this adds up to giving you a lot of control over a slighty random system. This opening of doors to end/begin a turn is great to me. It makes you both excited to see what's in the next room but nervious at the same time. Like having your birthday on Holloween. [Shout out to all those whom know how that feels!] Now like all rogoue-likes there will be very dry runs where you just aren't getting enough Dust needed to power rooms, but that my fellow gamers is part of the challenge [Though be sure to check to see it's not one of your hero's passives that is choking you out of your Dust].The multiplayer for the game is just sublime. You each get your own hero and the FIDS are split between you all. You're free to trade anything even hero control at almost anytime [sans inbetween levels]. This is great. It allows players to still contribue by placing defenses/ econ modules when they have lost or don't have control of a hero. Heck you could even decide to have one player in the group to do just that so they are never ""distracted"" by their own hero. Seriously this game's multiplayer is nearly on par with it's single player with the caveat that you have good friends or that you get lucky and don't get a rusher or tower spammer wasting your precious turns/ FIDS.TL; DR Proof that a Frankenstein's Monster of game mechanics can if built carefully and with though be far greater than the sum of it's parts. BUY THIS GAME!"
76561198025610550,Recommended,249050,16042763,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,FetalJuice,
76561198054821827,Recommended,249050,16328513,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,SirFedora,"This is the best tower defense,strategy and rpg game i ever bought. I recommend this to all players.10/10 would buy again."
76561198000903121,Recommended,249050,16332256,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Tasl,"This game is amazing.  It has been a long time since I've sat down at a game, missed lunch, and got up because I noticed it was dark out.  This game will eat your time and your soul for about 2weeks-1month.  It isn't a game I would expect you to play forever but I would definitely recommend it to anyone (unless you're someone I don't like... then don't play this game it's terrible you wouldn't like it and I hate you).  Don't say to yourself I'll just finish this run.  No no no.  Finish that floor or your day will be GONE.It is a little difficult to describe but I would say if you like tower defense games you would like this.  But keep in mind you will lose and die a lot.  The difficulty is misleading.  Too easy is easy and easy is hard.  Even on easy you will likely fail a fair amount.Multiplayer is buggy.  I tried 3 different multiplayer games and all 3 had glitches I did not see in single player.  Also the multiplayer portion doesn't really add anything to it.  If anything it makes it more complicated for no reason.  The example glitches are of course people crashing and the game freezing.  But the neatest one that stood out was an invincible monster.  It walked into the room and just refused to die.  It stopped attacking and stopped moving but because it didn't die we never finished that wave.  Because of that we did not get a free heal.  We worked around it easily enough but when we went to the next floor 2 people crashed and we lost all the resources heroes and items they had on them.Don't let that discourage you though.  This is a great single player experience that you'll love for a few weeks.  I feel I got my moneys worth."
76561198042468152,Recommended,249050,16297590,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,HunterNugent,"Fun, cheap and 100% worth the little bit of money..."
76561197966579368,Recommended,249050,16299179,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Dominian,The sound and score in this game is awesome. The rest is also awesome.
,Recommended,249050,13721382,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Muscle Man,Super fun but the multiplayer sessions are laggy and most people kick you out. Private rooms would be nice.
,Recommended,249050,13721865,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Tashlan,Fantastic game by the wizards of strategy at Amplitude! A perfect balance of just-one-more-turn and a fun sci-fi art style. Loving it to far...
76561198080998073,Recommended,249050,13726443,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Gales,"Beautiful game, this. It is an amazing mesh of genres. Terrifying, yet gripping to all degrees.I spent over 40 hours on it only within the first week i bought the game. It is terrifyingly gripping. You'll feel the weight of all your decisions, not in an FTL way, but the ""OH DAMN, I COULD'VE DONE THAT INSTEAD"" or the ""WHY DIDIN'T I DO THAT"" sort of way. Which door do i open? Which characters to i level up? Which towers do i research? Which modules do you build? Tonnes of questions and each can prove deadlier than the next.The game tutorial gives you a barebone basics of the controls of the game. It isn't much, but it is enough. I'd dare say that you can actually finish the game on those barebone basics alone (provided you have the persistance and skills). The game offers 16 different characters, 2 difficulties, and 5 different game modes at the time of this review. There are also 2 extra game modes and 2 other characters that you can obtain from DLCs, albiet one of which isn't Dungeon of the Endless DLC. There's even a (not-so-secret) character. The amount of contents is incredibly vast and the lore is also endless.The multiplayer is also excellent. Tense and unforgiving, you need to really know what you're doing if you're going to survive together. Granted there are still some issues with the multiplayer in the curent state. Just some bugs and kinks that need working out. Most of which aren't to big of a problem. There's just some slight connection issues and the occassional online loading screen crashing. A friend of mine did complain about how the game can't be played on multiplayer unless you're online on Steam community though.For anyone who likes Binding of Isaac or FTL, i'd say that you'd most certainly enjoy this game, being a mixture of both and more. 10/10 from me."
76561198095647169,Recommended,249050,13726955,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,lawkirby1205,This is an amazing game. I got this game as a birthday present for my cousin and I got a copy myself so we could play together. We both found this game very enjoyable and love the multiplayer funcion and the unique graphics. Though it does take a long time on a decent run it is still a game well worth getting.
,Recommended,249050,13565128,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,PSI,"A very well balanced tower defense, RPG, turn based - AND - real time action dungeon crawler in a Sci-Fi setting. Brilliant - I really love it."
,Recommended,249050,13566568,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Solely,"I already owned Endless Space, which is from the same creators, and I like the connection between those games. The better than standard packs gives you bonuses to the other games, in this case I got the library pod from Endless Space. There is also the one for Endless Legend. So much to possible prerequisites.My first tries in this game went kind of bad, lost my heroes a few times before I finally reached the exit with the first pod. Once you've gathered some experience with the mechanics, the game gets easier. Especially if you know how to handle the research crystals and the different kinds of heroes and enemies. There are some good guides to get you started, but one hint for the research crystals: Normally a research takes some turns, but if you start one before opening the last door, the research will be finished in one turn."
,Recommended,249050,13567361,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,GrimT,Very solid random dungeon gameplay.  Lot's of options when you factor in all the different genres covered by this game.
76561198001784839,Recommended,249050,13600450,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Salty Jack,"I've got all the Endless Games, and I tend not to like them.  I like this one, the only exception so far.  It's addictive.Though it shares a flaw with all the others in that you can't rename your heroes, such a little thing makes a big difference to me."
76561197998413605,Recommended,249050,13602740,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Count Sporkula,Hard but not impossible. Good balence of choices and consequences.
76561198019271689,Not Recommended,249050,13640548,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Callin,"I use a trackpad on a Mac. One of the tutorial instructions (5/11) says ""click the mouse wheel to do X."" Well, guess what, I have no mouse wheel and although I can scroll up and down I can't click a non-existent mouse wheel. There is no obvious way to remap this function, as the tutorial doesn't give the name and no option says ""click mouse wheel"" in its setting. What a horrible user interface. I couldn't even get five minutes into the game before giving up. Huge waste of money. Steam should really give a refund and say ""game requires 3-button mouse with clickable scroll wheel and will not function with a trackpad"" in bold, red letters on the store page.On top of the aforementioned, I kept playing with the control options. Guess what? The arrow keys don't work to scroll the screen around, at least not on this Mac playing in windowed mode. The developers really should be ashamed.Finally, as if that wasn't enough... I can't quit Steam after quitting the game. It's not running - it's not in the window list, the dock, Activity Monitor or even ""ps."" However, Steam thinks it's running, so I have to FORCE QUIT Steam, which has all sorts of negative effects (like not syncing any saved games). This really is a top shelf piece of junk."
,Not Recommended,249050,13194196,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,8one6,I found it more frustrating than anything.
76561198033132301,Not Recommended,249050,13459677,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,EckyThump,"Looks good, sounds good, for the most part is actually really good. Except that every turn you roll a dice to see whether the game decides it's time for you to die and start over.It does not matter how well you're doing or how careful you are. There are random events that you have no possible way of overcoming unless you are very, very lucky. So lucky these events don't trigger at all for example.But you won't be that lucky."
76561198117308104,Recommended,249050,13588263,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,MegaMooglet,im never into this kind of gamesbut this is so refreshing that i actualy like the gameonly in the multyplayer there should be item trade but overall its amazing 10/10
76561197976653544,Recommended,249050,13554764,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Galvanic Goose,"It's pretty gr8 m8, twas f8 I would r8 8/8."
,Recommended,249050,13556378,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Banjonica,"This is a great spin on the rogue-like genre.  It's part startegy/builder dungeon crawler.  Strategically it's very challenging and enjoyable, but as a game it's focus is a bit narrow.The game has a story that is unlocked as you go through and unlock characters.  This story is revealed while different characters chat in the elevator between floors!  The humour in the game is fun too.It's a challenging game but losing can be fun too, and you will lose.  A lot!  Turns are based on opening doors and you have to manage and set up your resources very carefully and make some clever decisions.  each door brings more resources, but also more monsters.A great game to play between games!  The rogue-like aspect makes it on the casual side.  But the replayability is rich.I liked it.  try it."
76561198003433327,Not Recommended,249050,13558888,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Jaedong,"Won't even load up, just crashes on startup. Great game thx"
,Recommended,249050,13559216,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,ImperatorThax,"A wonderful experience, Amplitude continues with their excellent UI and branches into a new genre."
,Recommended,249050,13560186,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,fr0wbartaco,"If FTL and [Insert Your Favorite Tower Defense Game Here] and [Insert Your Favorite Rogue-like Game Here] got together and had a menage a trois, you'd get Dungeon of the Endless."
,Recommended,249050,13561367,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Fury,"A mix of tower defence and dungeon crawling never looked so good.The atmosphere, music, characters, this is a great example of why indie games are so much better than triple-A titles nowadays."
,Recommended,249050,13576322,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Lenny,I absolutely love this game!
76561197974984489,Recommended,249050,14506178,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Katmad,Tower Defence with homicidal heroes.Challenging and fun. buy this game if you enjoy a non generic Tower Defence with a twist.
,Recommended,249050,14507101,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,neumunki,A fantastic hybrid of gamestyles that is uniquely more than the sum of it's parts.  Feels sort of like playing a cooperative boardgame while someone pours realtime monsters on top of it.  It also manages to capture the feel of fighting off monsters while trying to get to an exit better than many other games.  ALso: gorgeous.
,Recommended,249050,14508134,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Pruggs,10outta1010outta10bestgamebestgame
76561198030744066,Recommended,249050,14589942,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Nelgirith,"Totally addicted to this game. Dungeon of the Endless is a good mix of a tower defense and a rogue-like game. Guide your heroes through the maze of the dungeon, power up or down rooms to activate modules, research in order to improve your defense and escape to the next level. While the first levels of the dungeon are dead easy, the upper levels become incredibly hard as you struggle with managing your mist to power up the next room !What will await behind the next door ?"
76561198097603673,Recommended,249050,14616932,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Sir_Picklezz,love it!!!!!
76561198127153608,Recommended,249050,14604071,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,GeneralDisasters,"A great mix of genres!Keeps you on your toes, or all your heroes on their backs dead. Can't compare it to anything."
76561197977330447,Recommended,249050,14606864,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Daemonjax,Amazing game.I can't say anything bad about it.
,Recommended,249050,13904021,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Zincoshine,"Compared to binding of issac, this has vastly lower replayability. Also the game feels a bit unpolished, it could have been designed to control a little better but as it is it is still enjoyable enough to get your money's worth of enterntainment from this game. This game is best described as binding of issac with some RPG elements and with lots of tower defence elements. It has given me 20 hours of gameplay value so for the price I can recommend this."
76561197997089521,Recommended,249050,13868640,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,#DWB#Diamond Says,I love this game!!
,Recommended,249050,13869986,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Horns,"Excellent strategy/rogue game, probably one of the better of that sort I've come across. Instead of sharing all its pros and cons, I'll give you a few tips on how to complete your first 12 floors (because even ""too easy"" will seem difficult without a few pointers.Tip #1 - Operate. This is a passive skill in several characters which can give you major bonuses towards your modules (especially useful in the early floors when the enemies are weak). Use Max and Deena to start, they can both operate a room after you level them up to level 3. You'll notice they're operating a room when a cog appears above their head. All you need to do is leave them in a room with a module and reep the rewards.Tip #2 - And this is what continually got me killed when I first started playing...Ready? MONSTERS CAN ONLY SPAWN IN ROOMS THAT ARE UNPOWERED!  Keep as many rooms powered as you can. I would wonder why I was alway overrun by floor 6 or 7 because I was trying to save my dust for rooms with major modules. Don't make this same mistake.  After I learned this fact I easily survived 12 floors.Tip #3 - Explore in one direction. Limit the directions you can be attacked by. Once you reach a deadend, have every room powered from your crystal to that deadend so won't have to worry about that area.Tip #4 - Worry the least about your Science supply.  There's times I never even build a science module but have multiple Industry and Food ones.  It doesn't cost much to upgrade your modules, however it starts to get very pricy in food when you need to level up your characters (which is far more important).Tip #5 - Pay attention to what resource the merchant sells his goods for because it changes everytime. Any resource could be suspect. NEVER purchase items with Dust. Dust becomes too scarce in the end rounds and no item is worth losing Dust over. If you can sell your old items for Dust, however, that can give you a huge advantage for that floor.Well I hope this helps you get started. Have fun."
76561197969290082,Recommended,249050,13871726,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,magus32,A hidden gem of a game. It comparable to game like Rogue and FTL (although I've only played FTL).
,Recommended,249050,13872453,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Negative.,"The deeper i went, the more flames that came out of my laptop. My laptop is now gone."
76561197992375595,Recommended,249050,13872913,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Valikdu,"All those ""OR DIE"" in the list of features aren't there just for show."
,Recommended,249050,13809457,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,The_Toast3r,"""Why does this elevator only have one button?""10/10 !For this game you need more tactics (and luck) than first meets the eye.Learning curve is steep but definetely worth it. And you'll die often enough to learn what not do to :DAlso I really love the concept of different start ships, as they twist the needed style of playing, although its still the same game.Do not buy if you need boring and extensive tutorials.Do not buy if you throw out your keyboard because you loose your crew / a game.Do buy otherwise!It comes with an awesome soundtrack, too."
76561198009325610,Recommended,249050,13834710,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Rivan Esper,Excellent game mechanics.  Hours of fun.  Good replayability.
76561198070528367,Recommended,249050,13835922,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Slaylem,"As others have said about this game, it's great. Variety and replayability abound. Unfortunately, online co-op is crippled by a flaw- crashes after a significant amount of time has been invested. So far, it has never failed to crash. That said, it is certainly worth the sale price. The single player campaign alone is worth half the cost of the game, in my opinion. In the short-ish amount of time I've played this game, there have been regular patches. It appears that the developers have not simply taken my money and ran. This suggests we may yet see a resolution to the aforementioned crash issue and the co-op experience may yet be saved."
,Recommended,249050,13836669,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,ιllιlı Aronnax ιllιlı,"Overall, this is just an amazing game. It is a rogue-like game with tower defense and is damn challenging. You unlock new characters and ship as you accomplish tasks and if you can, go to the last floor. The soundtrack is just so relaxing and I enjoy the music as I play. The songs just fit in with the atmosphere. The graphics are nice in my opinion and there is just so much replay ability. I'm glad I picked it up and I recommend you do the same if you have the money!"
76561198091145202,Recommended,249050,14447414,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,zachdk528,Great game. The difficulty curve is hard but once you learn all the tricks you are fine.
,Recommended,249050,14397749,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,jopezu,"Difficult to learn... but, the more time you invest playing, the better you become at developing strategies - This game will make you think and plan.  Everything you've already read is true; the game is an interesting mix of RPG/RTS, tower defense, and roguelike.  It took 42 attempts to beat this on normal difficulty (""Easy"" mode) and it is captivating enough that I still play it daily."
76561197961252163,Recommended,249050,14407240,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Peter K. Rosenthal,Had a squad of 4.  All but my slowest died off.  Most tense crystal run of my life.  Recovered and beat the dungeon.10/10
76561198045982385,Recommended,249050,14442353,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Pbeast,awesome game!
76561198086303997,Recommended,249050,14443141,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,vode_Syron,"An excellent dungeon crawler that teaches you the game-play through your deaths. With characters and backstory that will have you laughing until that monsters are banging on your front door. This one I can not recommend highly enough. Already have 30+ hours of gameplay. And don't feel too bad if you can't beat easy or even too easy. Once you have your prefered style set up, you'll be flying through those doors."
,Recommended,249050,14490451,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,PogiNate,"Dungeon of the Endless expands on the basic formula of a roguelike game without losing the heart of the roguelike.Roguelike games are always about doomed choices. You an either go forward or not, but every step increases your peril and it's up to you to get out of it however you can. Random chance can kill you, but if you're good it will kill you in spectacular and story-worthy ways.Dungeon of the Endless takes this core play tenet and adds in a party aspect and a tower-defense aspect that somehow fit perfectly with the beating heart. You are always seeking to balance your limited resources, keep your party alive, and find the way out of the current level of the dungeon, and it's always possible that the next door you open will be the one that kills your party off.Each resource is perfectly balanced against the others, so you can't (say) ignore food in favor of science, or you'll have hugely technological idiots who die easily. If you focus on industry then you might be safe on your current level, but the moment you move to the next level it all starts over. The only way forward is to balance everything all the time. Good luck!Time is a resource in this game as well. You can do tons of things all the time, move your units around, build stuff, etc. but you only get new resources when you open a new door in the dungeon, giving it a quasi-turn-based feel. It's another impressive balancing act the devs have pulled off flawlessly.Add to this not just one, but several stories that weave through the game and connect it to the other games that Amplitude makes and you've got an amazing package."
76561197984327331,Recommended,249050,14520720,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Sam (5FPS laptop FML),Solid Rogue-like fun times.
,Recommended,249050,14562046,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,ratboi,"Difficult but fun! It may seem confusing in the beginning, but you easily understand it by the 3rd or 4th run in game. A tower defense-turn based-rpg-RTS-helluva good time."
,Recommended,249050,14565372,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Sagacious Joe,"Duneon of the Endless™ is a Roguelike that doesn't feel like a Roguelike—and that's a good thing. In all my many losses, I've never been left feeling as though the game cheated me, it's always clearly an error on my part, or a decision that I knew was risky, a gamble that failed to pay off. If you find yourself feeling enraged by BS from Roguelikes along the lines of FTL, hit this up for a superior experience."
,Recommended,249050,14484687,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,FamilyDollar,"**Surface PRO Users and other Intel family graphics card users**First things first, a recent update has made this game functional for users with Intel integrated family graphics cards.  It used to be so dark that it wasn't playable, and that was if you couild even get the game to launch.  I am happy to report it works just fine now, with no tweaking!  Nice work devss!*****Okay PSA over***Dungeon of the Endless rocks.  This is one of the few truly unique and fun games I have played recently, and that is saying something given the endless flood of indie and ""early access"" games these days, particularly in the roguelike genre.Which brings up the question, what genre is DotE?  Well... it's a little of everything.  RPG, strategy, puzzle, etc.  Mostly, though, it's a tower defense and turn based strategy game.Like towere defense games, you place different towers in rooms you have unlocked so that when mobs inevitably spawn, you are able to defend your ""crystal"".  How many rooms you are able to build in is dependent on how much ""Dust"" you have.  Dust is more or less like electricity in that it determines how many rooms you can power, and figuring out where to utilize this limited resource can be a tough choice. There are 3 resource types, Food, Industry, and Science, which you must manage to be successful.  You also have 1-4 heroes who are able to fight, increase the output of your resources, and perform special abilities.  The ultimate goal of each floor is not just to survive, but to eventually find the exit, then go pick up the crystal, and carry it safely to the exit, along with getting your other heroes there.If it sounds like a lot, it sort of is, and your first few attempts will likely be disastrous.  But DotE is the sort of game that makes even dying fun, and every run it is easy to walk away with something new, whether it be a character unlock or a better understanding of what works and what doesn't.Pros:Gameplay- first and foremost this game is FUN.  The combination of building up your heroes, resources, and equipment, along with mounting tension as the waves of monsters become increasingly untenable, really works.  The game is compulsive enough that even though you probably will die a lot, its just so fun that you keep playing.  I don't complete too many roguelikes, and that isn't saying that DotE is easy.  It's just that enjoyable.  It's all the more amazing that it's as fun as it is given how many disparate gameplay elements the developers threw together.Graphics- the pixel art style is really effective here, and you can tell a great deal of work went into making the character concepts distinguishable and interesting.  Little details like how Rakya is constantly chain smoking and Josh runs like a shut-in intellectual really give character to the game.Sound- the sound is well done, with the music providing atmosphere without being too distracting from the action.  Certain special enemies make distinctive noises, while the memorable noise of one of your heroes kicking the bucket is hard to forget.Story- the game doesn't have a ""story"" in the conventional sense, but there is a lot of subtext to character interactions.  As you unlock new heroes who have conversations with other heroes, new journal entries show up in the main menu of the game which tell more about the different heroes and the story overall.  For a 2D pixelart game where very little dialogue takes place, I will admit that it is easy to grow to care about the heroes just because of how interesting they are.  Don't get me wrong, this isn't a sweeping narrative epic, but the story helps the game and doesn't get in the way of the action.Cons (its hard to find things wrong with this game):Random- while I think the game has an appropriate level of difficulty for being a roguelike, there are times when you will just get a floor layout or monster composition that feels impossible.  In most cases, you can use your heroes to compensate for these sorts of situations, but it can still be frustrating.  For players of FTL, this is sort of the same issue.  You can do everything right and still lose.  This can be a turn off for some people.Variety- I'm really sort of being picky here because the game is THAT good, but a little more variety in terms of equipment types and monsters would be a help.  It's not that its repetitive, but there are only 4 weapon types, and it might be interesting if the game had more options there.  Also the number of different enemies, while plenty challenging, might could use a bit more spice.In summary, get this game.  At the price-point its hard to find a better value if you are a fan of roguelikes and tower defense games.  It's unique and challenging without losing playability.  The developers have continually supported the game and added content, and deserve the praise they've gotten for this game."
76561198021332014,Recommended,249050,14654178,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,RinkZate,This game is absolutely amazing.
76561197970339445,Recommended,249050,14658137,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,++,"One of the best games I played for a while (actually since Enless Legend). At first it is quite frustrating, but after you find out some of the basic strategies the game is really fun! Hero development is a bit on the weak side. Also I am really missing voice acting. This would have given more personality and depth to the heros."
76561197998284742,Recommended,249050,14658236,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Eternity [8thMB],i like it
,Not Recommended,249050,14644094,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Journier,"Let me start off by saying this is literally my first Negative game review I have written in 100 game purchases on steam, I dont think it should be given lightly but after playing this game for a while, im so utterly dissapointed, i have to warn others.This game was bought because I wanted to play CO-OP multiplayer with a friend. I had read many reviews stating positive things about this game, However that is not the case, Not only is the game a memory hog (1.8 gb's due to a memory leak after 1 hour of play time) it has no save game ability in multiplayer.The game has no reason to have a 20 second load time between levels, its a basic pixel art video game with randomized map creation, yet it somehow will grind my hard drive for 15-20 seconds straight loading up the next level of the dungeon. Then it will promptly increase its memory useage on each level.After playing this game for 6 or so hours I can tell you that with CO-OP multiplayer, your gonna have a possibly sad time if you were expecting a fun light little pixel art Roguelike. Its got enough randomness for a roguelike but a whole hell of alot of problems for a simplistic game written on the unity engine.I whole heartedly reccomend you DO NOT BUY this game, stay away. worth a sale price of maybe 2 dollars :("
,Not Recommended,249050,15511843,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Ninja Pipes X,"I really wanted to love this game. But after playing several hours I'm mostly just frustrated. Reasons why below.Pros- Beautiful atmosphere and graphics- Fun resource managementCons- Lack of proper tutorial mission or integrated tutorial messages. Instead they rain text boxes down on you. Game is quite complicated, so it left me feeling confused.- On easy mode I'm getting slaughtered. I usually consider myself pretty good at games, but it feels like the dungeons are quite unbalanced. Sometimes I make it several levels, other times I can't make it past the first (setup with an impossible scenario). Easy mode probably shouldn't fluctuate the difficulty so much. This is something I would expect on medium or hard.- Frustrating that I have to take a hero with me 3 levels or beat the entire dungeon to keep them. Makes me feel like I'm not making any progress whenever I die. Wish I could just save and collect them.- Mini modules feel a little odd and somewhat unbalanced.- Wish user select menu told me more about character roles and their abilities."
76561197973528410,Recommended,249050,15514427,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Kalas,"Basically a tower defense game with a dungeon crawler/RPG twist. This game allows you to control up to 4 players (1 in multiplayer). You advance from room to room powering up defenses and generating resources. Once you find the exit you grab your crystal (power source) and run for the exit and chaos breaks loose. Basically the game consists of turns that happen each time you open a door. You are free to build between each turn or build slowly during monster attacks. Monsters only spawn in unpowered rooms when doors are opened.Overall, it's a great game with unlockable characters and interesting set pieces. The graphic style is nice and the music fits the game. I've been happy with the game as well as the dev interactions. However, the game is pretty buggy in multiplayer. In 5 multiplayer games we've had 2 completely break from multiplayer bugs (game ending bugs). I've reported these on the forums and the devs responded so I believe they are being fixed.I recommend this game but with a big warning: the bugs can be game breaking. The game is a blast on multiplayer though so I have to recommend it."
,Recommended,249050,15516340,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Mr. Dickbag,"this is a mighty fine game and the multiplayer is not filled with idiots, which is pwitty damn groovey. if i do say so my self."
,Recommended,249050,15435669,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,UrAllJerks,"The ""rooms as turns"" abstraction paired with realtime gameplay is a substantial innovation."
76561198054222797,Recommended,249050,15436154,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Futaba Sakura,"This game is great. It's challenging, it's fun, it's got a great concept, the music is amazing, and Mizi has bouncy breasts (They get on my nerves, she needs to learn to sit still for half a second). What more could you ask for from a game. All in all 9/10 cause nothing is perfect but it's still amazing if it's your kinda thing. However expect to lose a lot, it's pretty unforgiving. The moment you stop paying attention everything falls apart, one mistake destroys everything."
76561197990202360,Recommended,249050,15437422,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Isawynne,"No, do not open that next door. Please, we made it to level 6, let's just save and quit now!!!"
,Recommended,249050,15439686,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,needsomemiracle,"So I beat another floor, take a break while the party members catch their breath in the elevator, go to the kitchen and make some tea. On my way back a thought sprung from somewhere in the back of my mind: ""The light in the kitchen is on, good; at least there'll be no monsters from that direction"".That's when I realized Dungeon of the Endless is a good game."
,Recommended,249050,15439874,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,UniversalSword8,Ive never had more fun being confused for the first 8 hours of playing this game for free
76561198043772678,Recommended,249050,15440327,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Touyaa,"It's like if FTL, a dungeon crawler, tower defense, turn based and RTS had a baby.I do wish you could ajust the zoom and not just to the full map view.It is a little ""difficult"" to get used to all the mechanics on your 1st go.9/10"
76561197987041395,Recommended,249050,15440629,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,ssstuckey,"Fact:Curious mix of genres that kept me engrossed way past my old-man bed time.Opinion:My only complaint is having to harken back to ye-olde days of early 16 bit graphics. I'm not opposed to pixel art, but I felt like it takes a little away from this particular game."
,Recommended,249050,15441640,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,TimothyHD,"A very good game, I haven't seen a rogue like in quite a while, and I think I will be picking this one up, for keeps. :) 10/10"
,Recommended,249050,15441908,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Kordimandius,"I've been aware of the positive, even rave, reviews about this game for some time, however I've resisted buying it, because I'm not a fan of ""retro"" 8-bit (or older) graphics nor have I been overly fond of the rogue-like genre and to be honest with myself the tower defense genre either.  With that said, the combination of genres and the solid mechanics make this a challenging and addictive game that I have difficulty quitting.  The reviewers were all correct about this game.  It deserves all of the praise it has received.  I strongly recommend this game, particularly if you can snag it for under $10."
76561198097998113,Recommended,249050,15442487,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Just A Gamer,"It's a good thing that this game was free for this week and I was able to play it because to be honest, when it comes to paying money for games, sadly i'm extremely picky and I had seen this game before and thought about buying it but didnt, now it was free for two days and Oh my god I'm so addicted now I just can't stop playing it.So give it a try, you really won't regret anything....other than maybe spending many, many hours playing it but eh who cares."
,Recommended,249050,15442494,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Blindedwithrage,"A fantastic game, bought this on a whim as I liked the idea of all the games being part of the same universe and truly a great suprise, I was hooked in 5 minutes, love the old school look but with modern gameplay elements and what a great soundtrack."
,Recommended,249050,15446962,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Islam Karimov,"I got two words for the developers... ""Well done.""You have made the most addictive game in the entire realm of this world. You should congrat yourselves.The game offers a literal ENDLESS experience because of its variety of singleplayer and multiplayer, along with different achievments and spaceships to unlock to harden your gameplay. It has differently generated dungeon rooms which offer you the opportunity to sit in the room and be amazed with the graphics that the developers worked hard on. The price is decent for this kind of beautifully crafted game. Although the previous weekend it was on a 50% sale which you probably should of used in your advantage because this kind of game just cannot be left behind.TL:DRBeautifully crafted game, amazing gameplay, ENDLESS replayability and strategic plays you can do with friends. Just amazing."
,Recommended,249050,15491149,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Opponent,"This game is perfect. It's hard, it's clever and it's replayable to death. I've only played some few hours and felt everything is at stake. It isn't some of those ""I hold your hand and show you the beuty of this world"". It's brutal, it's merciless and beautifully challenging. It goes from ""everyting under control"" to ""top notch ♥♥♥♥ed up"" in a second, and I love it. And it's also lore-friendly with the other amplitude games -if you're a fan of Endless Space or Endless Legend, and you like it's lore, you'll find that this game fits perfectly within the two of 'em-Also, some heroes have some background between them, and you find out between floors (or levels), when they chit-chat in the elevator, giving them buffs, but in one particular relationship, one heroe will murder the other. And that is so beautifully ♥♥♥♥ed up.Like this game: a beauty ♥♥♥♥ed up little girl that one second is making you admire how in charge you are, and the second is stabbing you with a pencil in the eyes."
76561197977035514,Recommended,249050,15492235,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Gyrebox,"This game plays like a board game but looks like a pixel gem and also triples as an rpg. Solid gold. Aplitude is a great game developing company and worth taking note of in the areas of gamer feedback and aknowledgement. I love this game so much. It will only get better with time. Speaking if time, all three games dungeon of the endless, endless space and endles legend are all in the same universe. That is thoughtful development and follow through of an epic story. I suggest anyone who loves dungeon exploring rpgs to pick up this game. Awesome."
76561198069720647,Recommended,249050,15493333,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Phantom1248,"This is hands down one of the best games in this genre of gaming i've ever played. Yes its frustrating to get so far and lose it all, but the game is so fun with the multiplayer and the challenge of beating the dungeon. 10/10 in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,249050,15494073,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Pikachu,"I really enjoyed playing this game until I experience same bugs over and over again.After getting stuck in the middle of the hallway for three times (and I had to restard the game without saving every single time because my character was in ""action"", and the character blocked the path for my other characters) and seeing my ranged character not using ranged attack and just stand there while seeing ranged enemy character shooting my character to death, I decided to delete the game. This game has been out for a while and seriously, seeing such horrifying bugs harasing the player just isn't right.The game is great, again, until you experience the bugs in floors like 8F or 9F and realize that the only thing you can do is exiting the game without saving."
76561197997111090,Recommended,249050,15494205,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Kojax,The ship from FTL crash landed in Isaac's basement.
,Recommended,249050,13756114,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Soutalgon,"If you like roguelikes, this is a great buy!"
,Recommended,249050,13756859,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Dr. Nephandi,"This game is hard to describe.  It's far easier just to play it or watch it be played. I can try to describe it until my keyboard breaks, but this game plays better than can possibly be defined. It masterfully blends tower defense and resource management in a classic rogue like package.  If you ever liked any of those genres, even only a little bit, odds are you'll enjoy Dungeon of the Endless.  Randomized levels combined with a ton of unlocks to earn thru play makes the replayability extremely high, especially with friends. Grab it while it's half off.  You won't regret it."
76561198014157249,Recommended,249050,13740312,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,DreadConor,"A game worth playing, with a continued varity of rooms, obstacles and hero's to encounter their is allways a new experience to be had on every playthrough. Hero's each have their own abilities and passives to unlock as well as their own preferd weapon of choice and equipment. Room's varry between different surprises whether that be a horde of enemies, buffs, loot or a new hero the exerience is always different and enjoyable. The game is easy enough to settle into without push hordes of enemies on you or having to make you go through turtoials, as it is you get emerced into the game and learn from the actions you make and don't.As it is I would strongly recommend this game for anyone who want to try a rogue-like game or want to explore an interesting world with it's beautifull pixel art style."
76561198007098376,Recommended,249050,13779314,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,jack.shennan,"I love this game, having so much fun, it's so frustrating to be disconnected after putting so much effort into playing a game of this caliber."
,Recommended,249050,8597709,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,saul,"v.0.1Tower Defense + RPG Dungeon Crawler + Rogue-Like elements + Endless Universe. What could go wrong? A lot of things. But DOE does it right. It's intense and pushes you to play it over and over, even if it's still WIP and really short. I can't wait to get the final version.v.0.2Minor fixex and rebalancing. Still great.v.0.3A new currency, Science, is introduced, allowing you to improve your ""towers"". Game has been rebalanced to be slightly more difficult. New environments, characters and weapons. It's moving in the right direction.Release VersionDeeper experience, much more difficult, but still fun. Playing in coop also helps making it even nicer. Not for all audiences, though, due to its very ""special"" combination between dungeon crawling and Tower Defense. If I have to say one negative point, is how difficult it is to unlock new spaceships and characters. I played a LOT of hours, and still haven't unlocked a single new ship :/"
,Recommended,249050,13795514,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,jwarper,"Dungeon of the Endless IS the defining next generation Rogue-like.  The artwork, music, gameplay and character design come together to form a sci-fi masterpiece.   GET THIS GAME!"
76561197995328858,Recommended,249050,13593847,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Kragge,"Amplitude is one of the very best developers right now, extremely dedicated to improve their games post-launch and very receptive of the fanbase (just what firaxis SHOULD be). Get all their games, like Now..."
,Recommended,249050,13911829,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Pirate Diggle Kun <3 (rain@work),"Its a cool game, vary good atmosphere,  the character story arcs are nice and suprising"
76561197972602424,Recommended,249050,13912172,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Jarick Storm,"I really enjoy this game! Love the art style, game mechanics, soundtrack. All are really top notch! Multiple characters (Heroes) makes for many different playthroughs using every heroes strengths to get further and further into the dungeon.Although, I will say once you figure out the ideal way of progression it generally becomes a lot easier and more one dimensional. But needless to say, it still offers some difficulty and I still enjoy this game!P.S. Love the Pug."
,Recommended,249050,13914743,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,ZeroHindsight,Perhaps one of the most addicting games I've ever played. Easy to pick up and much easier to die.
,Recommended,249050,13789706,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,TheMedic,very fun
76561198034916917,Recommended,249050,9201229,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Immaletyoufinish,Updated review. The game is fun. There is some strategy involved and choices to be made. It can be played a few different ways. The graphics are great and the UI is good.The only issue I have is that once you've beaten it and gotten all of the achievements then there is no other reason to play for. Its fun but doesn't hook you to keep playing.It could use more room variety.
76561197967260139,Recommended,249050,15469547,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Scott,Fun! But ♥♥♥♥ing difficult!
,Recommended,249050,15436235,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Spirit of the Walrus,"This is a great mix between tower defense and dungeon crawler.  The depth of game play is simple enough to get it after a couple tries but complex enough to be extremely satisfying if you enjoy  min-maxing and coming up with strategies.  For a rogue-like the games tend to be fairly long, it'd be nice if the dungeon was just a little bit shorter."
76561197970812613,Recommended,249050,15470077,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Brain [HUN],This is a very fun game with a really twisted humor.
76561198034656800,Recommended,249050,15471235,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,dhm,"Pros: Lots of variety in characters, equipment, dungeon layout, and pixels; single save slot (can't start a new game without erasing old game), FUNCons: Single save slot, Easy is not easy, RNG, lack of meaningful customization/choice/decision makingWhile fun for the first... estimated 40-60 hours, after the first 10-15 the difficulty curve levels off into: skillful use of the pause feature, picking equipment with the most _____ points, and having favorable RNG. It is definitely fun while it lasts and well worth the price (note: I got it on a 50% off sale, YMMV)."
76561198071432296,Recommended,249050,15471902,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Sexy Seenor,Addicting as ♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,249050,15471903,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Iriduim,"I got to the 12th floor only to get 30 dust after about 12 rooms, preceded to get my♥♥♥♥♥kicked after 2 hours of hard work."
,Recommended,249050,15471987,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,DancefloorDale,"Imagine your ship in FTL (Faster Than Light) crash lands on a planet; that's what Dungeon of the Endless is. Overall, I enjoy the game. However, I think the resources given to you is far too little, which doesn't make for a challenge more than it just feels unfair - unbalenced even. Lowering the build costs or giving more resources would make the game more playable in my opinion. In the end, Dungeon of the Endless is enjoyable overall."
,Recommended,249050,15559484,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Ryan Murayyylmao,"Great idea, Great excecution, Great game and ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,249050,15560203,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,error,"a wicked blend of dungeon-crawling, scheming, tower-defending, wit, and rpg-ing.one of the few games that is so hard you will want to keep playing...."
76561198037556945,Not Recommended,249050,15582324,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Calanar,"While the game is not bad pe se, it doesn't deliver enough depth or variation to keep on playing. It gets repetitive quite fast. Combined with a mediocre coop-experience and a rather bad randomizer you get a game, which keeps you entertained for a view hours at best. Not what I had hoped for..."
76561198003738370,Recommended,249050,15568329,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,FlashFry,this game is fantastic. everything you could ever want from this type of game.
,Recommended,249050,15571629,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,FrankerMcWanker,This game has a slight learning curve BUT this game has literally sucked many hours of my life away.Thank you.Could use more dinosaurs though.
76561198051610436,Recommended,249050,15482973,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Hamster Jelly,"This **** is addictive.Also buggy as all hell, about a 35% chance you will encounter a game breaking bug before you make a succesful run - ruining the whole thing and forcing you to quit.Worth it."
,Recommended,249050,15483763,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Happi,"Fun, Challenging and tests your brainAddicting as well as annoyingDont be that guy that opens everydoor in the beginning to swarm your team :|I would have to say atleast a 8.7/10Of course no game is perfect but this game is really niceThe graphics are 2d but dont let that discourage you!The game is a in a way a ""tower defense""Needs More Warden-EX360"
76561198130501770,Recommended,249050,15484292,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,aaron_michael1,"Deep hard game thats cheap and enjoyable. Amplitude studios is great at making games and should keep it, they also have great interaction with fans. If you think you might enjoy the game buy it."
,Recommended,249050,15487172,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,T20K,"The reviews on Steam do a great job describing DotE, so I'll just add it's the perfect mix of FTL, The Binding of Isaac and Risk of Rain. It's about strategy, tension and replayability. Developers also care a lot about community feedback, so buy this thing already."
76561198057699111,Recommended,249050,15487339,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,A Salty Marrek,10/10would activate elevator without friends in it again.Opening doors will never feel the same again.
76561197987115675,Recommended,249050,15427786,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,MoreDakka,I've played about an hour of this game.  So far it is really enjoyable as a single player or playing with friend(s).  I quite enjoy this game and I'm pretty sure the free weekend has conviced me to give the devs my money.
76561198025053877,Recommended,249050,15427951,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Galatea,"If someone had told me a tower defense roguelite would be this fun, I'd have laughed in their face.  But this one sure is a keeper.  Adding it to the rest of my roguelite stable to play the heck out of!"
,Recommended,249050,15428591,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,❤️‍Derpykibbles❤,the best ass♥♥♥♥ing around town
76561198007108952,Recommended,249050,15503233,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Don Doggy,"I hate pixel-graphics... I really do. It's almost a shame I forgot my principles and started playing Dungeon of the Endless. Almost, because the game is so awesome that I even came to peace with the chunks of color, that some call graphics. Desprite the visuals, this game is a gem.You play a small group of stranded heroes, that tries to climb up a dungeon full of monsters.So far so conventional, but the unique mix of tower-defense, turnbased strategy and RPG make thisgame a totally unique roguelike.It's hard but never unfair and even if you beat it it throws enough new challenges and game-modes at you to keep you entertained for weeks. The Soundtrack is awesome (didn't expect anything less from FlyByNo) and even the humor and hints of backstory as well as tie-ins to other Endless-Games are very enjoyable.My only gripe remains the artstyle, but that won't keep me from dieing another dozen horrible deaths.9 out of 10 overall and 12/10 if you keep in mind that its only 12 bucks."
76561198028709564,Recommended,249050,15504411,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Smurf Apocalypse,I love this game. I tried it on the free to play weekend got addicted and spent a whole day on it. I bought it while on sale and I still haven't regretted the purchase. Don't let the pixel graphics fool you. Once you understand the game play it becomes hard to put down.
,Recommended,249050,15504622,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Leona (SunnyD),Now I know what it feels like to be Homura
,Recommended,249050,15504756,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Richard,"Great game, give it a try. Totally worth buying it"
,Not Recommended,249050,15505140,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Bear Necessities 🐻,Addicting gameplay balanced on the knife's edge just enough to ♥♥♥♥ you in the♥♥♥♥♥100% of the time the same way FTL does.
,Recommended,249050,15627179,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Knight,"Being a bit of a fanboy after playing Endless Legends, this dev's 4X game, I really enjoy Dungeon of the Endless also. I thought I wouldn't like it as I'm not the biggest fan of rogue-like games but this game doesn't have the same feel as other rogue-likes. I don't feel like I'm dying for some stupid RnG random reason, when ever my squad is wiped out it's because I was too greedy or if I'm playing multiplayer it might be because someone misplayed.The game offers resource management, strategy of controling where mobs spawn and whether to leave a floor early or not, and fun lore that ties with this dev's other games.I Highly Recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a challenge, even to those that generally dislike rogue-likes."
76561197987007775,Recommended,249050,15628775,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,MagicalElf,"This is an incredibly addictive game with some real innovative twists on the roguelike genre by introducing some tower defense elements to the same formula.  You play with a team of up to 4 adventurers and work your way through 12 increasingly difficult levels by opening one random door at a time.  In each room you can build towers which provide resources or have offensive, supportive, or defensive attributes.  Most towers feel useful and provide varied effects which is interesting.  The characters also play differently overall, although many moves are shared which feels like a missed opportunity to create more varied character selections.  The games are relatively long for a roguelike, lasting up to about 2-3 hours.  Games can be saved in single player, but not in multiplayer which makes it an issue to play with a friend in one sitting unless you both have a large amount of free time.  Overall, this is a very fun roguelike with a lot of interesting twists on the formula but still gives the addictively varied random gameplay."
76561198084818014,Not Recommended,249050,15632983,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Don Ogne,"Hi, i'm Don, and i'm junky...a rogue-like junky. See, a game that challenges you to try again and again, hoping for that run that merges luck and skill into the best outcome, it's fun, and great, and will make you lose track of time because you will be more concern in making risk decisions rather than going to bed, or talk to your dog, or eat. With that said, does Dungeon of the Endless achieve this? The answer is yes... and no.Let's just say that the presentation and the set are fine, they inmerge the player into the odd world that surrounds the heroes. The plot reveals itself in tiny bits, mostly through concept art that you unlock achieving objectives, wich is a rather nice and interesting way to tell a story. But, what matters here is the gameplay and here is when things start to get clunky.At first, the experience will engross you. You will rapidly star to make strategies on how to manage your resources, where to build modules that help you to repel enemy hordes, which hero is better for exploration or combat, which rooms are convinient to power up, how to use items and abilities, etc., and that will make you have a blast through the first 6, 7 floors. But when you reach floor number 8, a factor that's always present in a rogue-like game, but in a tolerable quantity, will dominate your♥♥♥♥♥ That factor is LUCK.Of all my playhtoughs on the hard mode (which the game list it as ""easy"", something i find awkward), luck was the definitive factor in my failure. You may say, ""You suck, ♥♥♥♥♥."", but when you open several doors without finding ANY resources, when you don't get ANY item that favor any of your heroes, when suddenly a EMP discharge breaks every module on a room next to the cristal, when the swarms of enemies are just too large because you weren't lucky enough to find energy to power up rooms, when the research crystal throws at you tecnology that's useless, when the heroes that you find sucks balls because they don't go with your team, when the bloody exit it's in the last of 30 doors you open, you will blame LUCK, and you will be frustated, i guarantee it. Add the fact that the runs of this games are long, like 3 or 4 hours, so how do you think you will feel when you spend 3 hours only to reach a floor cursed by mother♥♥♥♥in' Fortuna, that throws away all your effort? And you wanna know something? I wanted to finish the game, so i turned down the game to normal, and guess how many tries did it take me to finish it? ONE.In the end, the biggest flaw of DotE, is it's balance. The hard mode (or in other word, the FUN mode), depends greatly on luck when your reach the few last floors, and the normal mode it's just to easy to even think about an strategy. I will not say that it's a bad game, but try to get it on sale, or if you want to try a rogue-like game, go with angband or risk of rain or rogue legacy."
76561198022686928,Recommended,249050,13548423,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Glascow,"Rogue-like, RTS, Tower Defense, pugs, IT HAS IT ALLWhen I was living in a college dorm a few years back, I had a habit of mixing in random♥♥♥♥♥♥from my fridge with my ramen noodles. Slim jims, lunch meat, even KFC at one point. They all tasted mediocre at best. Dungeon of the Endless does what I couldn't do with my ramen noodles years ago.STORY- Sara doesn't like Gork because he didn't invite her to his birthday partyGRAPHICS- I can dig retroSOUNDTRACK- The music is like sex for my earsGAMEPLAY- What happens when you make a successful game hybridPros--Rogue-like randomness (Each floor is randomly generated after the 1st floor)-Loot and weapons galore-All characters are useful-Character leveling system-Tower defense elements-Resource Management-Plot isn't handed to you on a silver platter (Try pairing up different characters to see how they get along)-Replay value-Hidden Playable Pug Hero-HardCons--Hard-Multiplayer seriously needs work, resource division among players is crap-Multiplayer needs to reduce respawning cost for the deceased (One death in a team of 4 drains a lot of food)-Dust can run low fast in harder modes-Deactivating rooms are done by clicking your wheel button (Akward hotkey, took me a while to remember it after playing for a while)CONCLUSION-Buy this game and you'll have ""Endless"" fun... Sorry couldn't help myself"
,Recommended,249050,15678002,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Guderian,"Amplitude has so far made this, Endless Space (first) and Endless Legend (most recently) and they always innovate but always focus on making things fun.  Nothing just for the sake of it, and they pour so much effort into background and a fully realized universe/setting.  Everything they touch has been great and DIFFERENT, which describes this game, because it defies description.  Amplitude, the game world needs more studios like you, please keep at it."
,Recommended,249050,15645675,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Skexis,"Just one more.Just one more.Just one more.Eventually, just one more can kill ya. Because at some point, you don't have enough resources to keep the darkness at bay. And as most adventurers will tell you, the darkness is where the wild things are.Dungeon of the Endless pits you and up to 3 of your friends against a randomly-tiled subterranean bunker, where you'll have to explore, strategize, and ultimately gamble your way back to the surface. So you open a door. Then another. And that's where the game gets interesting. Because while you plan where your nodes are being placed, and where you're placing your heroes, you're trying not to overextend yourself, and betting that you can face whatever holes there are in your defenses. For the enemies, meanwhile, time stops, and all is quiet. But as soon as you open that door, you have to face the consequences. The back and forth between having as much time as you want, and then having to cope with all your plans going awry, is what gives the game its roguelike edge. And the decision players have to make at some point when they play, is ""Is that one more door worth it?""But before you reach that point, you have to learn what the game doesn't tell you. Also like many roguelike games, Dungeon of the Endless gives you just a taste of the game's fundamentals, before leaving you to figure out other things on your own. That in itself is part of the appeal-- finding things out for yourself as you play, and using that knowledge to play your next session better.(Psst! Here. The first one's free: heroes placed in an unpowered room count as ""lighting"" it.)For me, a lot of the appeal of Dungeon of the Endless is in its pixel art, and by extension, all of the colorful heroes that can be unlocked. That tiny bit of persistence makes it easier to swallow when it all comes tumbling down on you. And then there's the clever flavor text, that makes a new item not just crucial for survival, but a morale booster! But even after finding the mysterious heroes, watching the great character animations, and reading the words (endless times), I keep coming back to play because I want to know.What's behind the door?"
76561198075394582,Recommended,249050,15474874,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Hawke9,DAYUM this game is great.
76561197997439296,Recommended,249050,15475995,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,merusalem,"Brilliant game.The spiritual successor to FTL, with loads of additional ideas.It happens once every few years to me that play the whole night away without realizing it. If you had told me this would ever happen in a rogue-like, I would have ROFL'ed.A truly brilliant game.The reviews of ""Endless Legends"" on YouTube are fantastic, as well. This is a dev team worth following."
,Recommended,249050,15427861,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,rxg | Annoying Dog,"Do you like rouge likes? (yes or die) Do you like squad based gameplay? (Brodacious!)Do you like tower defense? (maybe) Do you like pixel art?And these are just some of the things it blends together into a smoothie of a well thought out game.Feels great and the tutorial doesn't spoil everything but the gameplay can be hectic or calculated based of your decisions. It does several things right but sadly there are still a few bugs. multiplayer is interesting but try to bring a friend who knows what they are doing...or talks at all.And finally the difficulty...read up, plan ahead, think really hard and you just might beat the game...on very easy. Maybe...with all the luck in the world. You will get progress and figure things out but it doesn't make it that much easier."
76561197982529326,Recommended,249050,15792379,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,WaylandX,Fun random dungeon game!
,Recommended,249050,15520592,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Mr. MarX,"*Dies at the last level*- Timmy, what did you do to my computer?- It deserved to DIE, it killed me....!For and againstProsConsIt's possible to save online game, which also helps fight against glichesSome bugs may appearInteresting design combined - game is hd seeing by the hud, while sprites are mostly stretched to make it look pixelyOnly a few serversNice variety of characters and possibility to choose game styleOnly 2 difficulties which basicaly vary like this - very easy, very hardInteresting way how game works, it's like a turn based, but not really, because you can move in realtime, while various effects, clichesm monsters will only trigger upon activating doors or initialising a special triggerLoadout gives stats, but no visual effects are applied, an example, if you have a nice sword, you'll still see your default stick no matter whatEasy and entertaining way to get rid of some timeGame goal is pretty mainstream - you just have to get out or stay as long as you can, that's all, which might make this game boring after a whileIntegrated with Steam (achievements, cloud, trading cards, maybe more)It's easy to die, because game doesn't ever warn you about your current status, you just have to keep watching that status barIt's still being worked on, so there might be more features in the future and the community is active aswell, so it's not a dead end, hopefully :)Doubt that it's worth the money, but you could wait for an off-saleI could probably keep going forever...Overall experienceIt might not be the best game ever, but it's still fun. I'd recommend|it to anyone who likes rpg styled, strategy and luck games. It's not an|action type game though"
76561198096317362,Recommended,249050,15923488,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Goblinoir,Simple yet really effective.
76561198062045225,Recommended,249050,15906557,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,TheBoxTrot,You feel like such a genius when you pass about 5 floors
76561198017888772,Recommended,249050,15908176,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,bozarbozar,I recommend this
76561198044826349,Recommended,249050,14456132,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Burnered,I have just one thing to say now for Amplitude studioshttp://www.quickmeme.com/meme/364fsv
,Recommended,249050,14645845,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Potato Mash,"This game gave me nightmares of opening doors and getting surrounded by minions of evil... and rhinos... so many rhinos...Much addictive, very recommend"
76561197967661273,Recommended,249050,14641685,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,navi,"I can't stop playing, I just can't...."
76561198009138298,Recommended,249050,14463731,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Sertonis,I find it really hard but love giving it a go every now and again. Everything these Dev's bring out is gold.
76561197982987693,Recommended,249050,14467179,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Hamuel Sanwich,"Absolutely loving this game.  Very easy to grasp, extremely difficult to master."
,Recommended,249050,14288019,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Spectrum,"Score: 4.5 / 5.0+ Neat rogue-like game set up for quick runs+ Interesting characters with relevant plots that pop up+ Unlockable challenges- Little explanation of mechanics in game- Challenging. Very challenging.- Pixelated. A bad thing for some, but it suits this game in my opinion."
,Recommended,249050,14731033,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,jelqing master,It's alright.
,Recommended,249050,12280408,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Dracoshroob,"This game may only be in beta. but it is still great. i beat it when they only had 7 floors in and it was fantastic. the varity of characters was great. and having to move the energy core from the base to the end of each level. and thus cause the power to go down and the weapons to not work. was really challenging to do. Especially since monsters could keep spawning in unlit rooms. Its definantly a fun rogue like dungeon crawler. and i like me some pixel games---------------------------------------Now all that i said above was in early access. heres what i think of it nowits still a great game. i like how they changed it so that when you pull the core out, all the rooms you lit stay lit even as you run, that was a nice change. i also like how the characters talk on the elevator and kinda tell more about the characters and how they view and interact with each other."
,Not Recommended,249050,16000976,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,aranth,"Lots of ""head banging against wall"" difficulty with no particular feeling of progression. Rough feeling control scheme with little feedback contributes an artificial difficulty. Flat humor and yet more uninspired pixel art."
76561198046690461,Recommended,249050,16028434,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Bear of Pain,"Only played for a few hours but already in love with this game. only done single player, cant wait to play with friends"
76561198031031240,Recommended,249050,16034193,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Scarfed God,"Sick soundtrack, fun tactical gameplay, love the story and the world. 10/10 would do again"
76561198162293541,Recommended,249050,15996190,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,jamez,really good game
76561198000713685,Not Recommended,249050,15970720,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,triskuit,-
76561198034403688,Recommended,249050,15937090,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,snigglyfoo,"Addictive, difficult, high replay valueVery hard game.Several different strategies to win.High replayability.Great Co-op.Short games.A lot of stuff to unlock.CheapTakes a lot of practice to win even on ""very easy."" The game consists of controlling up to four heroes which you use to explore procedurally generated levels. However,it's important to realize this is not an action game. You do not have strict control over your heroes. You basically can move them around and use their abilities, but they attack on their own. Therefore, this is more of a strategy game and your success depends on a number of things. For example, how well you place your heroes, what research you invest, what you build and where, anticipating where mobs spawn, etc.Co-op is really enjoyable. You divide up the heroes amongst the players, allowing more granular control. Best part, you can freely exchange heroes in case you happen prefer one or yours die. Players are not eliminated so long as someone controls a hero. You can also save single or multiplayer games at any time.Sound: 7/10Replay: 10/10Gameplay: 9/10Visuals: 7/10Overall: 9/10"
,Recommended,249050,8688774,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Ken Sanders,"Awesome game, beat it in 4 hours. Waiting for more content.Revised review - May 17th 2015The game has gotten extremely more difficult and takes 30+ hours to complete!Great devs that constantly work on developing content.Great replayability."
,Recommended,249050,15989034,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Ben Manor,♥♥♥♥♥HARDFUL OF JUSTICE!
,Recommended,249050,16092283,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Dimp,"This game is seriously fantastic, and will appeal to those who love to manage team members to the most strategic locations, and optimizing for later levels while also managing resources efficiently to make sure you don't get accidentally overwhelmed and murdered to death.The humor is actually pretty good as well! Almost as good as the grimy atmosphere and feeling of crawling your way to the top of this monster-ridden planet.Oh! It's multiplayer too."
76561198171482130,Recommended,249050,15911028,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Bond_Villain,"This game struck me with awe when I first started to play it.  Then it struck me with pain... so much pain.  This game is difficult, but oddly rewarding.  Easy Mode is by no means easy.Rogue-like meets tower defense: brilliant and well done."
76561198020188044,Recommended,249050,16019837,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Phorix & Plue,"A pure inventive game; between tower defense & rpg!  Oh! And it's a french game! ;) ""Cuisine française"""
76561198056780803,Recommended,249050,15582670,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,starship,"First of all, it is a fun game and I am totally hooked. But it is maddening when the game ends, which is unfortunately almost certainly going to happen before you win.. the first 50 times or so. I played the crap out of FTL, and losing would♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, but I got over it and learned to enjoy dying. But this game really makes me mad every time I die! It's so frustrating. It is inevitable but it also tends to come so suddenly. But it is a fun game!If you're looking at the graphics, videos, etc. and thinking wow, I wouldn't enjoy a game that looked like that, I thought the same thing when this thing came out and passed over it. Then I played Endless Legend and was totally hooked and so got the other games this company made. In fact, I didn't even enjoy this game at first. I set it aside and played the crap out of Endless Legend. But when I came back around, I fell in love. And hate. I have mixed feelings. Like I said, I love playing it, but I swear up a storm and get really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off when death suddenly comes, more or less unexpected, 15 minutes, 1 hour, 2 hours, or 5 hours in, depending. Every time it happens, I look at the total time spent on that game run and curse the time I just wasted. So I wouldn't recommend it for everyone. If you like permadeath, and I mean really like it, this game might be for you!"
,Recommended,249050,15943689,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Sound of Light,The 2nd Video with the Pug explains this game wonderfully. BY THE POWER OF ENDLESS!
,Recommended,249050,13426057,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Prince of NepNep,"A neat Hybrid turn-based RPG/TD. You can play with 4 people or 1 person controlling all 4, so it's available for any party size. Game does require some strategic resource allocation as the difficulty ramps up, and teamwork is essential.Initial downsides are the lobby system is not ideal. All lobbies are public and if you lose, you have to create a new lobby instead of being returned to a lobby/character pick screen."
,Recommended,249050,13426154,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Seven,Fantastic procedurally generated game with brilliant character.  Do approve.
76561197976146966,Recommended,249050,13426364,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Dikk Justice,"Dude, Dungeon of the Endless is awesome. Rouge-like, RPG, endless, co-op, old-schooly pixelated, turn-based yet real time actions too, and MORE?!?! This game will keep you coming back for more for months to come."
,Recommended,249050,13427976,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Onomatopoeia,"If there was a tower defense game that I'd bring to a desert island, this is it. It's smart, riverting, and visceral. Get this even though you hate tower defense games and play this with your friends!"
,Recommended,249050,13428086,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Exile,endless playablity.
,Recommended,249050,13482430,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Ymmit64,I love this game because its like a exploration game with a tower defence aspect
76561198067469271,Recommended,249050,13484836,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,lordhunter91765,"Im having difficulty with playing the game. It opens up and goes into the initial loading screen but then it freezes and closes. it was working a few months ago with the same laptop but now it wont work. I supported it since the beggininng and i love the game, very good overall but if anyone knows anything i can do to be able to play again that would be awesome. and i uninstaled the game and reinstalled it and still i can not play it."
,Recommended,249050,13487062,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,jaceam66,"This game is amazing. The graphics are great; they go far beyond mere ""charming"" pixel graphics, and truly make the game beautiful, but minimal. The music is EXCELLENT, and lends itself to the atmosphere of the game. Of course, the main aspect of the game, the gameplay, is fantastic as well. It feels great to select two of your characters at the onset of the game, and then leave the rest up to chance. The characters all play differently; while certain roles can overlap between characters, the skills and stats they gain are varied enough to give each character their own merit. The tower defense aspect feels great too; though some towers are incredibly necessary for the last few floors, which somewhat negates the feeling of having an endless number of choices in regard to character selection. I plan on spending much more time on this game than I should, and it's one of the few games on Steam I believe is 100% worth the aspect price. I cannot recommend this game enough, and I think you should pick it up, sale or no sale."
76561198027834409,Recommended,249050,13488463,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Dual Stack,Get around it!
,Recommended,249050,13521029,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Generic Name,"The game, as others have mentioned, is a mix of genres that appears a bit too complex at first, Roguelike, tower defense, RPG, 4X might seem to much to handle at once, but if you play the game for ten minutes it will make sense and feel natural.The game mechanics depend a fair amount on luck, but luck is at the core of roguelike games: you might find the exit right away, or might end up exploring the entirety of the floor before being able to move on. Getting dust, the resource required to power rooms and weapons in your dungeon, is scarce and rare, but that adds a lot of intrigue and uncertainty to the gameplay: if you found the exit, do you keep exploring to get more resources knowing that you might end up with too many unpowered rooms--and hence monsters--or do you move on immediately to a higher floor with maybe not enough resources saved up for future levels? Making hard decisions in an environment out of your control is a part of the experience. You crashed into a hostile dungeon, after all. You have to make do.The visual style and music are, as others have mentioned, gorgeous, and deserve much praise. The game is a joy to eyes and ears, which contributes positively to the couple of hours required to finish each run."
76561198007333304,Recommended,249050,15416178,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,UberJedi,"Absolutely love this game, retro awesome, super addictive great little sound track. love it!"
76561198001478731,Recommended,249050,15416292,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Ziveron,"A tough but fair roguelike that's a lot of fun. I have not tried the multiplayer, but the single player is challenging even on the easiest setting."
76561197985504650,Recommended,249050,15417947,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,pr0t0,this game is just frikin awesome!
76561198043586185,Recommended,249050,15418573,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Perfect Dragon Star Fish,"Really good game. Simple yet very addictive.... Only bad thing is at random moments during the game, it will crash the display driver and you have to force the game to shutdown."
76561198041989642,Not Recommended,249050,15418825,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Juan Goal,i don't usually leave good reviews but omd this game is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  better team mates required. 0/8
,Recommended,249050,15419549,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,HAWAIIANA,amazing alien killing game amazing when playing with frieands i recomend to everyone who loves pixel art
,Recommended,249050,15420469,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Sef,Pretty much a mix of all the games I like to play.
76561198167373832,Recommended,249050,15421264,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Please kill me,Good strategy game and the price is worth buying it
76561198106418134,Recommended,249050,15421547,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,pj64,it is fun you should get it
76561198006779910,Recommended,249050,15421788,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,ObsessedEddie,best indie game ive played on pc as of april 2015
,Recommended,249050,15422810,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Hope Queen of the Lost,"The game is fun and is a pixel game meaning even low end computers can run it rather easily. If you like Rogue Tower Defense games where you control somebody and build things like in Sanctum 2 you'll enjoy this game. It has a really good 8 or 16 bit soundtrack not entirely sure. If you want high end looking graphics however you won't see that in this game but it only has a few small faults, the biggest one being a very glitchy multiplayer but besides that its a pretty good game and you should totally buy it."
76561197963908835,Recommended,249050,15422942,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Cronstintein,"Wasn't really clear what was going on in the preview videos but it was on sale so I figured what the hell.SO GLAD I DID.This game somehow snuck past me when released but it's an incredible mix of tower-defense and roguelike.  Which is, itself, a very strange combination.  I'm not a huge fan of either genre but this game is better than the sum of it's parts.This game has:-Exploration-Loot-Progression (both in-game and metagame)-Strategy (tower placement and resource management)-Tactics (how to best use your heroes during fights)-Consequences a la permadeath for mismanaged heroes.and..um.. awesomeness!  Really glad I tried this out and it's a deal at twice the price so give it a go."
76561198164115478,Recommended,249050,15423417,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,It's Nap Time,I did not like it at first but it is just really challenging
76561198014593283,Recommended,249050,15423833,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Bard,"I am only seven hours in, but I cannot stop playing this game.  Every time is different, eavery character feels unique and often I find myself getting attached to them, often crying out if/when they meet their demise.  Definitely reccomended for those who have a masochistic streak and a love of pixel games."
,Recommended,249050,15423886,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Cowskier,"This game will pick you up and never drop youThis game is slightly turn based, slightly tower defence, and slightly like Binding of IsaacAll im going to say, is the game mechanics are unbeleievably clever, and you will find yourself screaming at the screen GET TO THE MOTHER ****ING ESCAPE POINT GOOO NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.  Not kidding, its exactly like a sci-fi movie ending."
,Recommended,249050,15423946,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Tomfool [No.4],"This game had myself and my friends captivated within opening our first few doors. Incredibly well designed and providing a REAL challenge for a change from most games which have become a cake-walk. You'll find yourselves picturing all the horrible scenarios that could unfold upon opening a door, debating deeply what precautions you should take as the paranoia sets in.Main positives of this game.- Successfully blends a number of genres, presenting each in a well rounded fashion.- Great music and artwork, beautiful pixel art.- Awesome coop, if you have friends you can trust!- Captivating strategy, it will make you plan ahead zealously.- Brutal and unforgiving gameplay, a challenge old school gamers can be proud of. Checkpoints are for wimps.- Good replayability factor, with different starting conditions that can effect the entire playthrough.10/10 - Buy this game if you're not someone likely to get mad because you actually have to work at completing it."
,Recommended,249050,15424020,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Baibak,Not bad. Nearly as good as FTL.
,Recommended,249050,15424800,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Iceybola,Very fun and replayableBest with 1 other person
76561198044500506,Recommended,249050,15425004,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Magic McKinley,More addicting than heroin
76561197960518628,Recommended,249050,15425237,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,stef,Seems like an ok game. Reminds me a little of Binding of Isaac. The game seems challenging and has alot of depth which is good. The multiplayer part is not very well done tho.
76561197961192561,Not Recommended,249050,15408532,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,rick.james,Meh.
76561198068866811,Recommended,249050,15408635,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,dbrowe1,"Hell yes, totally love this game. It took me about 30 hours of play to beat it the first time (on the second difficulty setting, not the easiest, but 'easy' I think it's called. Then I beat it again around 35 hours in, so clearly you can get better and better. The game requires sharp wits and fast thinking.Don't play it before bedtime because at the higher dungeon levels, levels 8+, you start holding your breath more and more, getting anxious every time you open a new door to see what's in the room. Hard to fall asleep, need a while to calm down after playing."
,Recommended,249050,15409230,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,SomeRandomDude,"This game is actualy really cool.im too lazy to write anything more for now.89/100The game is lying to you when you see the difficulty listThere is ""Easy"" and ""Too Easy""What they actualy are is ""Hard"" and ""Normal"""
,Recommended,249050,15410155,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Katarekt,"I expected a traditional hack-and-slash when I added this game to my wishlist... When I gave it a test run (Endless Weekend 2015!!!) I realized how wrong I was. I should have read the description, and maybe even a guide, because I was extremely unprepared.Guide a team of ""heroes"" through a mysterious dungeon on a mysterious planet. Opening a door generates resources, industry, science, food, and dust. Build modules to boost production rates or fight off waves of monsters, who will either attack your modules, you, or the crystal. Trying my hand at the ""Easy"" difficulty, I found myself unable to pass the first floor. Having gotten up to floor three on ""Too Easy"" (Shame on me...), I'm surprised at how difficult this game is made out to be. Definitely buying it, a great game to test your strategy in a hostile rogue-like environment."
,Recommended,249050,15410314,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Rama,Nothing quite like it!
76561198127509714,Recommended,249050,15782727,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,tigervortex,i like it but whats the diffrence between pixel edition and crystal edition
,Recommended,249050,16235148,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,bdetzler,"Definitely an awesome game!  It has everything I'd like to see in a rouge-like game: character leveling, dungeon crawling, minor tower defense, resource management, and more.  Get it."
76561198044643811,Recommended,249050,16244654,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,ChaosBreaker56,"You can take as long as you like on your turn, and you had better use that time wisely.  Dungeon of the Endless is made by the folks who created Endless Legend, Endless Space, etc.. so if you've played those it will help with the terminology of the game.  Okay let's get into some high points.The graphics sport a nice retro look with some amazing lighting and particle effects to give the game a modern coat  in an older time.  Being from the Nintendo/Sega Genesis Era this really resonates well with me.  As for the leve and character design, not only does each character sport their own unique look, they also have their own whimsical personality to boot.  Not to mention the dozens of enemy designs, unique randomly generated level placement, and of course, the ships and artwork itself.  There's real talent in the art team here.So what does this game entail exactly?  Well, you have a turn or round if you will that you may take as long as you want provided that you don't open any doors.  The gist of it is, a door is a ""turn"", so opening one will give access to new areas and potentially new dangers.  Your job is to find an exit on each floor, smartly utilzing these turns, your characters, and turret and hero placement to not only find the exit, but to move your ships core to the elevator (exit) as well.  Sound a bit chaotic?  It is, but the game will ween you into it nicely.  As the difficulty goes up, so does the dangers, and the cringeworthy choices.  You WILL make hard choices, and maybe not all your heroes make it?  Yes, permadeath is a main feature in this game and it is glorious.The last thing I'll mention, is there's a bit of background story here but most of the story is the adventure itself.  Will you make out alive?10/10 Hands Down     Replay Value:  Very High"
76561198024943851,Recommended,249050,15968239,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,crisper,"After many years, I think maybe this is finally the roguelike for me. Manages to both appeal to my strategic turn-based urges (with its door-opening advancement mechanic) *and* scratch that real-time fighting itch (as everything busts loose after opening the next door). Manages to have just enough resource-and-defense management to be fun as a tower-defense type game but also has just enough character-advancement-and-development to feel like something of an RPG. After about a dozen failed games (including a couple of almost-victories) I got out with a thorough enough victory to unlock almost all of the other pods simultaneously, and now it's just freewheeling terror-fun - sometimes playing slowly and cautiously, building out level by level with brutally effective strategic defenses, other times playing fast and furious by focusing on jamming up the heroes' power levels and just winging the fights as they come. And sometimes it works perfectly while other times... well, let's just say that when things go wrong, they go completely wrong very fast.Also, I have never once used the pause key deliberately, only ever bumped it by accident. You should adopt the same policy."
,Recommended,249050,12481556,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,crumbb,Dungeon of the Endless is strangely addictive and satisfying. It's also frustratingly random and capricious. I'm not really sure why I like this so much but I do.
76561198103486815,Recommended,249050,12587893,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,]|[ Loxen,"It's new.It's exciting.It's exactly what the Trailer suggests.playing this game from early access and on. The developers, you can tell, have really tried to make the game more  and more entertaining and fun.for me this game is worth the money, becasue of the randomness of the game, you can easily pick it up again and it would be a completely new experience."
76561198055351686,Recommended,249050,12222254,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Thane,Great game for those that enjoy rouge like games that involves levels team play and strategy. Good game play and replay potential.
76561198027019860,Recommended,249050,11470559,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Joharassit,I just bought this game today and have too admit i cant stop playing it. What an awesome game. 10/10
76561198097466281,Recommended,249050,11399011,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Lone Scum,"Game is worth the 12 bucks how it is, and its not even done yet! The developers update this frequently too. Worth the dough."
,Recommended,249050,11458164,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Opie Brezhnev,"One of the most addictive games ive had the experience of playing on the PC. in just threee days of owning this game ive drained hours into this game staying up till the crack of dawn. i have way more time into this game than my profile states, but on to the recommendation.I completely recommend this game to anyone who loves rogulikes and/or towerdefense games. This game is still Early Access, but its well worth the cost.I LOVE THIS GAME."
,Recommended,249050,11273309,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Phantom Fox,"So what is Dungeon of the Endless? A combination of rogue-like elements, RPG, tower-defense and some anger management (comes with the roguelike package).You crash with your ship, and you have to escape by going down floors in this dungeon until you find your exit ticket. You start with 2 heroes from a list (in the beginning you only have two heroes until you unlock more) and go at it. While you explore, you can find other heroes that can join you, to a maximum of four. You move them by selecting them (tip: ~ selects all) and right clicking on a room.Combat is simple, if enemies are in the same room of your heroe, they fight. Skills are activated manually, each with their own effect. Some enemies don't care about you, they just want to destroy your core. You don't want that. But sometimes, you need to get crafty. See, enemies spawn in unpowered rooms. You most likely will not have enough resources to power up every room. Sometimes, you'll be way below the curve and have rooms on different routes unpowered. How do you fight this? With the Tower Defense elements.Rooms have a number of minor module slots, and some even include a major nodule slot. Of course, stuff you build only works in powered rooms. You use major modules to either get more resources: Industry (used to build stuff), Science (used to research or upgrade new modules) or Food (used to level up your heroes and heal them in combat). And minor nodules can be support, offensive, or an assortment of other effects. The final resource is Dust, you use this to power up rooms. And if your core gets hit, you start losing Dust. The other three resources carry over from floor to floor. Dust doesn't. So don't think you can stockpile this.Therefore, there's some form of micro management involved. You can pause the game at any time and survey the situation, and while looking around you remember you found the exit of this floor, what now? You have to go and grab your core and bring it there. While you do this, that hero will be moving slowly, rooms will start to automatically depower (you just did remove the energy source) and enemies will start coming from every unpowered room. Once you take the core to the exit, next floor. Rinse and repeat.It's a great game, it's simple to learn, but in true rogue-like fashion, it will still kick your♥♥♥♥♥when you least want it too.For a glimpse of playthrough along with the explanation of the mechanics in a commentary fashion, here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tKTkOvjIovU"
,Recommended,249050,11314133,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Pondo,This game is fantastic. For being early access it truly has many playthroughs. I'm looking forward to see what they release in the future. I'd love to see more options added to the options menu also. Especially a borderless fullscreen window. It's tedious to alt-tab and then come back to darkness and have to tap 'tab' again to center on the crystal to find my team again.
76561198101158092,Recommended,249050,11179308,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,FrozenEternity,"This is an interesting game. I love how its so brutal and one mistake could end your run, but I also love that it keeps you on your toes. Im constantly wondering whether my next room will be enemies or something else. My only complaint would be that it's to easy to accidentally scrool off to a ranom corner without realizing it, but so far thats my only complaint definately worth the buy."
,Recommended,249050,10595998,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,That one gay dad,8/10Should buy
76561197966095446,Recommended,249050,10601772,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Rhuzhen,I can appreciate the randomness and the difficulty but sometimes how things stack against you gets pretty crazy especially when you open more and more rooms.The best advice I can give about this is that you probably should never have more than 6 dark/unpowered rooms if you can help it. If you already found the exit by then you probably should think about escaping before you regret it.I have lost my entire party on the floor JUST BEFORE i get to permanently unlock them for use from the start.
,Recommended,249050,8009905,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,PrimusAvatar,"I can't believe how great this game is without those advanced features they promised. There's just enough tactical gameplay to keep you occupied for hours on end (there's currently only 3 stages but since levels will be proceduraly generated you can guess where this is going). The game is difficult enough to actually reward multiple playthroughs! Think XCOM metagame (should i really waste those precious resourses here or should i store them for something cool in the next level of difficulty?) but with completely different gameplay elements (those two games arent even similar... its just the ""what if i made a mistake?"" feeling that makes you go with another playthrough just to test out a new method)The tutorial is currently insufficient. It didnt explain how important it was to start building modules as early as possible. This game has a lot of potential and the artwork is awesome!Note: At it's core it's a tower defense game with rpg elements. If you dislike tower defense games check our some youtube videos to see if it fits your mood. :)"
76561198025410191,Recommended,249050,8009936,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Xeon,+1
76561198006835185,Recommended,249050,8009974,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Wargasm,Module puzzle game that progresses with a classic dungeon crawler style. DIfferant and fun. Can't wait to see the end product.
76561198017117194,Recommended,249050,8010145,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Birthday,"let me start by saying this is a fantastic game with a lot of great ideas and full of potential and a beautiful pixel art that makes for a very gripping and tense experience throughout. it never gets any easier and that's what makes it wonderful, a top down one and done rts/ tower defense style game with currently light rpg elements that have teaser of them being expanded on, random is the core idea to this game and it would seem they play on it very well with every door holding new challenges and new adventure. this is alpha access and they specify that very clearly everything is not here but they make sure that the parts that are not here yet are show with caution tape to show that it will be in at some point. no reason not to check it out its a great experience thus far.for those interested here is a 20 minute or so gameplayhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=022FAOYQC5s"
76561198063184683,Recommended,249050,8010355,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Shas'O,I have only been playing for a little while but I'm already hooked.  I like to push myself to see how quickly I can move through the levels and experiment with different resource allocation.  Definitely reccommend.
76561198025219354,Recommended,249050,8010546,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,MilkSteakMaster,"Out of all the alpha games I've tried (About 13 now) this is by far the most stable and bug-less game I've played. Not only that, but it is quite a fun concept of dungeon rouge/rpg/towerdefense. Can't wait to see what they'll add to this game. The only problem right now is that the content limits player choice a bit, but I'm sure they'll add more."
,Recommended,249050,8010738,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Lord Ichthys,"Excellently realized sci-fi roguelike.  Does a great job of integrating squad work, tower defense, and basic strategy with light RPG elements in a game as fast, or slow, paced as you choose."
,Recommended,249050,8011005,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Fifix[FR],"As in Alpha v0.1.0 (11 December 2013) :A few bugs, enough functionalities are up and running to enjoy the game in this first version.Tutorial is very basic, so try things a lot. If you're really stuck, get a few videos on Youtube to give you some pointers on how things work.The game supports 3 procedurally-generated levels and a few characters for now, so you'll generally do a run in less than 2 hours. This is quite fast, but it already gives a pretty good idea of the game, and I REALLY like where Amplitude is going with this one."
,Recommended,249050,8011131,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,[$entinel],So far it's good fun.  its an interesting take on a dungeon crawler roguelike / tower defense set in the Endless Space sci fi universe. its not a finished game so i reserve final jugement.
76561198071791387,Recommended,249050,15425917,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,DaddyFatSnatch,"After playing this game for about an hour, I loved it. Open a door, might die. Open a door, you might live. The game screws with you in that aspect. Rogue-like game with a sprinkle of dungeon, topped off with co-op. Amazing. There is also a tremendous amount of replay value, so that you can keep on playing for hours. Great game for a small price!"
,Recommended,249050,15426688,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,๖ۣۜLucoa,"A very fun rogue-like game! Though I would not call it easy... at all... It does have a gameplay that requires a bit of Patience. Fairly difficult enemies, many strategies, and Class spread outs to go with it. If you're into having a challenge, here's a rogue-like, tower-defence, and Pixel game for you!Do mind the crystal though."
76561198052599676,Recommended,249050,15506063,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,MTNDEWkiller,"Very fun and very chanllenging rouge-like, rpg, tower defense game. Love the mechanics and it keeps me coming back for more of the retro style pixally art style. I bought it on steam sale for about 6.50 USD and its worth every penny. The only problem that I have is sometimes the doors will glitch closed and the multiplayer can be a little hard to find a game. Overall a great game."
76561198043015423,Not Recommended,249050,15506456,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,czegoukasz,"Maybe it's just not my cup of tea. I found the game annoying. Addictive, but not fun :( It also seems very time-consuming. I couldn't beat the game even on ""Too Easy"" difficulty, because of occasional crashes during game state loading, which made me lose some of my progress (level restart) each time."
,Recommended,249050,15509676,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Erroll,Just... One... More... Door...This game has that magic some games have which keeps you playing. It has some innovative features like opening doors to advance resource collection and traditional features like procedural room generation and tower defense make this a winner. I am not nostalgic for pixel art but it still works just fine in this case.
76561198035476348,Not Recommended,249050,18179126,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Ziggomatic,"This game gave me acute fear of opening doors.Not recommended, unless you want to spend a fortune on Prozac."
,Recommended,249050,18166871,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Emwhykay,"Very fun in solo play, would expect it to be even better with others!!"
76561197998264878,Recommended,249050,18219718,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Rayune,"I actually wound up playing Endless Space and Endless legend because this was so good. They were also amazing.Skroig for the win. Skroig is all you need in your life. I'm pretty sure every good run I've had has included him in some capacity. Other good team options include Elise and Joleri for defending choke points, Troe, Hikensha, and Mizi for exploring  new regions and (I cannot stress this enough) sitting in unpowered regions so that monsters don't spawn, and then whomever you have with the highest possible Wit to operate modules (Josh and Mormish are personal favorites because of their ability that boosts heroes in other rooms).Of course, everything is down to preference, but my own personal favorite team would probably be Skroig/Joleri/Troe/Josh. The interactions between the first three in the elevator are priceless, especially if you know the lore about the Broken Lords in Endless Legend."
76561198100829160,Recommended,249050,18248471,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,knakamo,"Nice Rogue-like game. Fun mechanics and achievement after death make replays very enjoyable. Not an easy game to play, but good time filler."
76561198082454624,Recommended,249050,18243484,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,absinto,"I absolutely loved this game! I mean, even in the very easy setting I faced a lot of challenges! If you liked funny dialogues with some story here and there you're going to like it. I mean, some characters trigger specific dialogues and developments and I love those.Everytime you die it's a new sequence of dungeons that you need to explore. I found this game pretty refreshing and entertaining. I'll definitely spend some weeks on it. Oh! For Team Fortress' fans: you can play with some of the main characters!! I think it's a dlc though."
76561198036672839,Recommended,249050,18023746,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,hugolin,Steam tells me I played 94 hours in the last two weeks.Either Steam lies. Or it's a damn great game. Ok - it's a damn GREAT GAME! =)
,Recommended,249050,18026146,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,P!MPBOT5000,Dungeon of the Endless is worth the buy although at times you'll swear this game absolutely hates your guts and I'm pretty sure it really does.  If you like rogue like you'll like this.
76561198052345953,Recommended,249050,14401400,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,severed seconds,-------------------------ENG-------------------------Dungeon of the Endless = 10 cubes of amphetamine injection in the pituitary gland10 cubes of amphetamine from 10-------------------------RUS-------------------------Dungeon of the Endless = 10 кубов амфа в гипофиз.10 кубов амфа из 10
76561198040995112,Recommended,249050,14217608,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Eduardo,"This game is great. There is a lot of replayability in it: a bunch of different 'heroes', some different scenarios, which brings some different strategies and ways of overcoming certain situations. Unlike how its interface looks like, the game is quite simple, but be aware, on your first attemps you will certainly  die, and when when it happens, even if you've saved the game before, you will have to start over.That makes you learn how to complete the game, and in the process you get to  unlock new modes, difficulty levels and playable characters.Jogo muito bom! Há muita possibilide de jogá-lo repetidas vezes: muitas personagens bem distintas umas das outras, cenários diferentes que mudam o jogo de certa forma e faz com que você seja obrigado a usar de diferentes estratégias para superar momentos complicados do jogo. Diferente do que possa parecer a interface, o jogo é bem simples, mas saiba desde já que nas primeiras tentativas você certamente vai morrer, e não haverá load game mesmo se tiver salvado antes. Isso faz com que você aprenda os macetes do jogo, e no processo libere modos de jogo diferentes, níveis de dificuldade diferentes and novas personagens."
,Recommended,249050,18094331,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Foehamner,"What to say?  This game has it all.  A great party and resource management game with strong tactical elements in the tower defense side.  So much replayability with different team compositions, landing craft, and play styles: this game has DEPTH.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLL5JEFvVpx9rKbN4e_PxTQspRBmIR-zXW"
,Recommended,249050,17954900,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,[Pigeon Boyz] TheRealBillGates,"Gonna keep this quick, if you are a person who liked the original Dungeon Keeper, get this game. It is nothing like a clone of Dungeon Keeper, instead it just clearly has influenced Dungeon of the Endless. As a veteran player of Dungeon Keeper you will go through this game constantly being reminded of your favourite classic. The thing that most reminds me of DK is that feeling of opening up a door and never knowing what is at the other side waiting for you. Every time you click on a door (in the same way you would knock down a door or tunnel out into the unknown in DK) you get a sense of excitement waiting to see if it is treasure, enemies or both on the other side.An utterly addictive and fun exploration game, which due to the random level design will keep you coming back again and again. Several different game modes change it up even more.Though I aimed this review at Dungeon Keeper players, I imagine anyone who likes exploration, adventure, surprise and killing monsters this game is for you. The game can be frustratingly difficult at times and attempting to move foreward before you have laid enough traps can be fatal within seconds. This game may make you 'rage quit' but believe me in 5 minutes you will be back on the game."
,Recommended,249050,18105394,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Mopzilla,"Perfect game, couldn't ask for anything better never had some much fun! Wish I had a friend to play it with though... ;_;"
76561198068982092,Recommended,249050,18180045,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Sgt. Buttersworth [E-308],"In Dungeon of the Endless, you have to lead your crew from the bottom of the dungeon to the surface. To do so, you open room after room untill you find the elevator to the next stage. Along your way, you'll have to fight off waves of creatures with your characters or defensive modules, ideally both.You'll have various ressources to manage, industry to build modules, science to research new modules, food to recruit characters, heal and level-up and dust to light rooms and prevent creatures from spawning there. You can build a team more focused around modules and science or around food and characters. You can mix both.There is a unique feeling to this game that is hard to describe. Managing your characters and their equipments is fun and the game is hard enough to make you think twice about your strategy. The setting is also very nice, with cool characters and creatures from the Endless universe. There is a lot of jokes and references too but it doesn't feel out of place.There is an online multiplayer mode in this game but I wouldn't recommand buying it for the multiplayer because I've had a lot of issues while playing with a friend.It's unlike any other game. It's like a rogue-like, dungeon crawler, tower defense thing. Just.. Check it out."
76561198154837544,Recommended,249050,18209717,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,ScandalouslyHugeMass,"Great tower defense, roguelike, stragegy type game. Very challenging and difficult, but all around fun."
76561198031946595,Not Recommended,249050,18222866,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,jesus_patriot,too tiny
,Recommended,249050,18253803,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,nix-,"This is a fantastic game, totally worth the 12$ I payed for it.. I have put in a good 6 hours in 2 days.The replay value is great, every time you play you get a little better and find better tricks. You can play it many different styles.. get this game. ;)"
,Recommended,249050,10874955,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,NowSayPillow,"It's just the beta but so far I love almost everything about the game. Controls well, the AI is challenging, and the UI manages to be simple while still managing to tell youexactlywhat's going on.Waiting with bated breath for the full release."
76561197995237890,Recommended,249050,10954786,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Talltale,"Don't be fooled by the graphics -this is surprisingly good! There is a lot of strategy involved in how you decide to play it. Do you focus on food to level up your heroes, science to research technologically advanced machinery, or go industry and put down lots of turrets?Each door you open could contain the exit, vendors, treasure, monsters, or could spawn a monster attack wave. If you managed to collect enough dust to power the room you can turn on the power and mobs wont spawn there. But the problem is you dont have enough to power the entire dungeon. The more unpowered rooms you have the larger the monster attack wave since they can now spawn in there and eventually it may overwhelm you."
,Recommended,249050,11010797,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,draconous13872,not for the faint of heart but a great game for a real gamer. learning curve is a bit steep but if you pay attention. (more editing as i play more)
,Recommended,249050,11139100,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,bengalinsky,"OK first impressions of this game is that it's really difficult and not that clear what you should do, honestly for the first 4 months i had this game i kept opening it, sta there for a bit and thought 'naaaahhhh'Then a few days ago I finnaly figured it out and this game is really great. The closest game to it I think is Desktop Dungeons inasmuch as you have to plot your movements quite carefully. The design is beautiful and if you persevere you could grow to like this game a lot. My favourite from amplitude studios so far, a great Dev with hopefully a very promising future.These guys are really worth supporting so give them your money!"
,Recommended,249050,11195167,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Mailstorm,Died on the 2nd floor.10/10
76561198002967881,Recommended,249050,11187293,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,feargunner,"Imagine taking out your blender and dropping in the Legend of Zelda, Dungeon Defenders, and Gauntlet and making it into a single game.  That's Dungeon of the Endless... and man is it fun!"
76561197982214073,Recommended,249050,11145666,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,CasperTFG,"This game is the best rogue like ive ever touched, the learning curve can be steep but its so worth it.  I would completely  recommend this game in its current state!"
76561198072823796,Recommended,249050,12270309,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Spetznaz,"Strategic ""turn-based"" rogue-like with X-Com-like resource management and FTL-like squad management. Surprisingly addictive"
76561197967198964,Recommended,249050,12332444,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Pratzuli,"Fun, challenging, funny and addictive."
76561198085878404,Recommended,249050,12332834,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,blemb,"Great game. I love the art style it uses, and its strategy side really makes my think before I use my resources. Its fun, and its soundtrack is pretty great as well. Give it a try, because its good."
76561197969735011,Recommended,249050,12338012,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,r00t171,"A tactical nightmare. Brilliant, brutal, unforgiving. This game will show no mercy. You will be shamed in your defeat. And you will love it."
76561198064950542,Recommended,249050,12341049,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,SgtSquids,I just got this game and I'm hooked! Its a really great idea incorperating tower defence with rogue-like elements! I can't wait to see what's in store for this game once its out of early access! I would definitely recommend this game to friends!
,Recommended,249050,12356355,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Petrichor,Very cool art-style and seriously enjoyable game!
,Recommended,249050,12319746,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Iophia,"Seems great, i would play more but i don't have enough dust to power my pc."
76561198025148070,Recommended,249050,12322025,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,EclipsedHusky,"Freaking AWESOME, and no where need finished yet. I only played a small bit, but I really really want to see where this goes!"
,Recommended,249050,15456588,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Helper Bot,"A decent balance of challenge and fun. There is a real sense of ""more strategy to survive"" compared to some other ""more luck or die"" roguelikes."
76561198042140184,Recommended,249050,15457164,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Acebroe,"This is just one of the best games I've played in a while, not much else to say. You know what you're getting into, a really difficult RPG that knows it's going to kill you over and over but also knows you're totally going to keep playing, and you do."
,Recommended,249050,15457292,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,SuperRufus,Amazing Game
76561198130355792,Recommended,249050,15457446,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,jdkisgaming,Great game.
,Recommended,249050,15457751,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,bag.,Awesome artwork. You'll enjoy this if you like a combo of strategy / puzzle solving. I'd love to see this engine/artwork used in a heavy story-based game (maby an RPG) :-)
76561198178370883,Recommended,249050,15458404,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Zeekza,liked:it is an amazing game and is extremely fun.DOESN'T CRASH.disliked:only free for the weekend then you have to pay [AKA CRUEL] (especialy with how addicting it is)
76561197976993575,Recommended,249050,15458877,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Drafted,Simple TBS mechanics that have been refined until it plays at the speed of an RTS. Challenging game.
,Recommended,249050,16215558,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Indigo,"TL;DR? I've had a lot of fun with this game. It has that same addicting cycle of play as FTL, and I believe you, too, will find it entirely too easy to lose many hours in a single session. Was this worth my money? It was worth every penny, and then some.Dungeon of the Endless is a hard game to summarize. To call it ""part roguelike, part tower defense"" hardly does this game the justice it deserves. After crash-landing into the heart of an improbably deep labyrinth, your two surviving heroes must find the elevator up and deliver the shuttle's power core to it in order to advance to the next floor.In classic roguelike fashion, you explore one room at a time, triggering events. The catch? There's only so much power to go around, and monsters will spawn from the rooms you've opened but can't keep powered. If they deal too much damage to your power core, then that's all she wrote.And that's part of where the tower defense elements come in. In addition to moving your heroes around, you can build a variety of modules which create resources, damage monsters, provide various buffs to your heroes, and likewise debuffs to the monsters. The different types of monsters have different strengths and weaknesses, and many are more than willing to attack the modules you've built, with varying priorities.The further you go, the more challenging the game becomes. Careful resource management and building decisions can give you an edge, but this game is well-balanced and will provide a challenge to the very end. Or, if you find the ""Too Easy"" mode to be too like its namesake, the game also offers a vanilla ""Easy"" mode, which ismost assuredly less easy."
76561198032593111,Recommended,249050,16379182,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Wander,"This game has been out for a while, but I got it back during early access. I don't normally buy early access games, but this one was my first and it was totally worth it. This is how indie games should be made. Amplitude has a really unique game design here that is executed so well. The Roguelike/Tower Defense combo is such a blast to play through. There is a vast array of unique characters to unlock and play. It has tons of replayability. Amplitude is still supporting the game with mostly free DLC packs. It has an easy to use, fun co-op online mode. The game has a zany sense of humor. As someone who has played a ton of Roguelike and tower defense games, this game is a standout in both genres. I've been addicted since I bought it on early access. I'd highly recommend this game. 9/10."
76561197996185565,Recommended,249050,16379398,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Rook Xanatov,"This game is ruthless. It beats you down. It punishes you for every poor decision, and laughs at your misfortune. It will make you hate opening doors, and fear every click.10/10 would recommend, as a brutal and lovingly crafted rogue-like. It's fun, funny, and disarmingly witty, even while kicking the crap outta you."
,Recommended,249050,16328995,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Remagamer,"Before I start, keep in mind that I've played a relatively small amount of the game. My opinion may be skewed. You have been warned!I love this game. Like FTL, it's a cruel, cruel roguelike that you will lose quite often. However, the gameplay is a mashup of several genres that works amazingly well. The singleplayer can be difficult, but the multiplayer of this game is amazing. The balance feels nicer, the gameplay is more interesting, and overall it's a fun co-op experience. Sadly, finding a game can be difficult. Bring your own friends.Overall, I'd give it 8/10. It's very fun to play with friends."
,Recommended,249050,16424593,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Cuckboy,- On floor 8 find Mizi Kurtiz- Get excited- Floor 10 she's soloing a room- Fatty comes and blows her up- I wept for her loss- 3 rooms later find exit10/10 would cry for Mizi again.Also I didn't unlock her. Damnit.
,Recommended,249050,16405738,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Lunar Howl,"Easily one of my favorite rouge-like games. Dungeon of the Endless has a wonderfully diverse cast of interesting characters that interact in a multitude of ways depending on your team composition, and the dialog is written fantastically. The premise of the game is a brilliant mixture of dungeon crawling, tower defense styled pathing, resource and RPG leveling and equipment management. A variety of game modes based upon your ship selection provided a great deal of replay value and varied game mechanics, and the musical score is marvelously composed. I highly recommend this phenomenal game."
,Recommended,249050,26124952,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Vrah,I let the tears flow.
76561198088268254,Recommended,249050,26165697,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,driktronix,"great game feel like old school game were tutorial didnt exist, tell you the basic but you have a lot to figure out on your own. game gets better the more you play it and understand its mechanicbut could you pls make an autosave because when your game crash and you lose your curent game ... it sucks, or multiple same slot so you can change game from time to time"
76561198179854709,Recommended,249050,25918210,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,yfarkash,"really cool gameplay, but very challenging.it's basically like a tower defense game, where you take over rooms and build defenses, buffs and resource gathering modules on, and at the same time control a group of hero characters that have stats, levels and equipment, and you add some basic resource management on top of it.overall a solid game, cool and interesting world to explore, and it's sci-fi so makes it all even better."
,Recommended,249050,26041273,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Doctor ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"This game is absolutely amazing 90% of the time in single player.This game is absolutely♥♥♥♥♥90% of the time in multi player.Seriously.  The multiplayer is so ♥♥♥♥ing buggy and broken yet if you can pick it up on a sale, I doubt you'll regret it."
,Recommended,249050,26076691,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Paused,This game is addictive! Great for long play.
,Recommended,249050,26080518,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Creepy M,"In love with this game. It's a bit difficult but I'm planning to get better and go pro. It's like an interactive tower defense game. You start with two units that navigate room to room and then after successfully carrying the crystal to the exit, you go to the next floor. It's strangely addicting."
,Recommended,249050,26125768,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Captain Floof,"Failed repeatedly on Easy mode.  Finally found success with ""Too Easy.""  This game is a brutal, strategic, rouge-like.  And TONS of fun.If you decide to dive in, I have only one tip:  STAY ALERT.All it takes is one moment of suicide bombers to hit your best character while their defense buff is in cooldown.  And then, death.There's a lot of replayability through the different characters, pods, and development strategies.  There's a lot of similarities to FTL, but I found Dungeon of the Endless to be a lot less ""random"" in terms of success.  Almost every time I died, it was my fault due to being too greedy / safe / dumb.  A lot like Dark Souls, this game is punishing, but fair.  Did I mention fun?"
,Recommended,249050,26123781,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,-this is your left,Easy difficulty is deceiving. Will add more later.
,Recommended,249050,26158304,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Isao,"What really shines in DotE is the (very) innovative gameplay, and the art style. It also sports a humorous style that I appreciated, but it could bother someone else.I would definitely reccomend the game, it will give you a few hours of good fun. I highly reccomend starting with the ""Too easy"" difficulty. It will help you get an idea of the kind of monsters, items, etc that you might encounter, without crushing you repeatedly."
76561197977879276,Recommended,249050,16866428,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,lobotomizedgoat,"Strategy, resource management, loot, heros, and tower defense combined"
,Recommended,249050,26006779,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Starbucks,Nothing like crash landing a ship and exploring dungeon with random people who don't know what they're doing...
,Recommended,249050,26005253,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Lux,"Very great concept here, original and well executed. Enjoyable through and through."
,Recommended,249050,25938942,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Dragon7,"An amazing game, easy to start playing hard to stop. theres multiplayer so can play with freinds, although for some reason none plays multiplayer."
,Recommended,249050,14470189,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,BaldFat,Just love the flow and feel of this game. It plays quickly and it doesn't make inventory a second part of the game. It just all flows and plays great. If you like strategy and rouge-like likes this is for you.October 2016 and I still ove this game.
,Recommended,249050,26019269,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,nicholswalker86,Great  game havent had this much fun in a long time
,Recommended,249050,26017042,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Desukuu,"Dungeon of the Endless is an excellent genre-blending game, with beautiful pixel art and a great soundtrack to accompany it. These elements form a cohesive aesthetic with challenging and pure fun gameplay to boot - this game is a must-buy."
,Recommended,249050,26042157,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,RyukiraTheDemon,"I may not have much time on it now but I can put a positive review out for it. This game has a lot going for it, in art style, soundtrack and a really unique feel to it. Pretty much everything. You get in and it actually starts with a tutorial unlike some games I have played in the past... Anyway, this game is great and especially for what I got it for (2.99$) I will have many more hours of enoyment with this game. Give it a try, why not? The worst that could happen is that you dislike the game and return it."
76561197982130637,Recommended,249050,26049021,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Thatsecret,"So for a 10$ game or even for the full pack at 20$ it is worth it. If you like a fast paced game kind of darkest dungeon, where very move need to be though of. Well this game is for you. Haven't won yet! Still love it great job!"
,Recommended,249050,26093984,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,VizzyLow,"This game is a great mish-mash of a variety of genres: Dungeon Crawler, Rouguelike, RTS and it all blends in such a way that it doesn't mess up the rythmn of the game and instead it adds many layers to think about while going through each floor in a specific pod. Each hero also adds a different strategy that you use while having them in a group, and with the addition of permadeath, they are all valuable and losing them will set you back tremendously. Although, having enemies spawn from dark rooms and from locked rooms once you get the crystal can be very annoying, especially on the later floors, as then the enemie waves will be relentless. Overall, I think the game is incredibly fun if you're a fan of these genres and if you don't mind having to start over to try another strategy."
76561198080767121,Recommended,249050,26091232,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Görf,"Pat Bates for president, I love this dude.great game!(poorly soilent green doesn't work if the cristal is in someones hands, I hoped so much for farming :-) )"
