user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,249230,14605401,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Morgannin,"This is a long review, so just read the bottom paragraph for a simple summary of my thoughts.It surprises me that the general consensus for this game is worse than Risen 2: Dark Waters. To be fair, if you hated Risen 2, there likely are not enough redeeming factors about the end of the trilogy to be worth your while. But nevertheless, some substantial improvements to the overall experience have made this a promising step in the right direction for Piranha Bytes as a developer.Risen 2: Dark Waters was ultimately a failure as an open world, engrossing RPG. It was extremely shallow, overall having one of their smallest and most lackluster world designs to date, with most of the islands consisting of winding pathways with few interesting landmarks leading between major locations. These locations were greatly devoid of life, as the characters were as dull and two-dimensional as wooden boards. The combat wasn't the worst I've ever seen in a game, but it took forever to get the necessary skills to stay on top of combat, and by then you just got used to button mashing between prayers. Beyond combat, half the skills in the game were worthless or used in only scripted situations that were easy enough to do without.At first glance, or maybe even for the first couple hours, Risen 3 hardly seems any different. But if you put some effort into it, you'll find much more in store here. The combat system is widely criticized for the wrong reasons. To be fair, the easiest way to fail at Risen 3 was the only way to WIN in Risen 2: button mashing is heavily discouraged in Risen 3, as timing your combos poorly results in substantially slower attacks. Instead, the game encourages you to time your attacks with precision, and focus your efforts between multiple foes instead of trying to spam them to death one at a time. It also has a dodge maneuver, which Risen 2 lacked on release (and when they patched it in, it was hardly any more useful). In fact, the dodge led to quite the opposite criticism: that combat was too easy, since dodging made you invulnerable during the animation. (A patched-in ""Ultra"" difficulty removes these invincibility frames, if you dare - as well as forcing a cooldown between potion uses.) Beyond that, skills you can learn from instructors give you a parry ability, faster combos, additional combo attacks, and further stat increases to make you unstoppable by the end of the game. It's still not a flawless combat system overall, but this is a world where Skyrim's dreadful DPS-focused combat dodges any ounce of criticism while a game like this is torn to pieces over a moderately tactical system.The magic system is a bit unique, and certainly much more appealing than the lame voodoo system of Risen 2. Combat magic is available to all three factions, but much more varied to the Guardian faction. Some spells are equipped as a primary weapon and used in place of a sword - these spells can be used as a moderately-ranged attack in melee, or aimed as a projectile. Support magic can be placed in your quickbar for a single rapid cast, after which it requires a cooldown. Each faction has their unique spells which can only be acquired through the faction, but single-use versions (scrolls, voodoo dolls, runestones) can be found and used by any class as a disposable magical support with no cooldown.The only thing that truly disappointed me about the magic was that there was hardly any difference between the different types of offensive magic. Fire and Ice did the same amount of damage, for example, and had no unique effects, such as freezing enemies or igniting them. You only switched between them if you found an enemy who was immune to one and not the other.The world design is notably improved. The game does re-use two islands from Risen 2, and scales them down considerably, but the new locations are significantly larger, have more to explore, and have areas of the map that open up as you complete more of the story. The maps themselves are a bit more open, but still tend toward a frustratingly path-focused design that makes most of the locations seem more linear than they really are. Thankfully, they've expanded the game in a vertical direction, allowing you a BIT more freedom in climbing. It's still obvious where you can and cannot climb, for the most part, but ambitious explorers may find rewards hidden in unexpected places if you can find a way. A large assortment of books can be found throughout, attempting to expand the game's lore or close some of the plotholes left between the previous titles.I can't say the characters have improved significantly - there are plenty of fodder characters who just seem cut and paste from the previous game, and are often indistinguishable from others, but they've greatly increased in number, and the dialog has vastly increased as well. Many of the characters are still cringe-worthy or dull as dishwater, but a few still made a note with me as I played, such as the woeful Mortimer on Fog Island, the quiet yet stoic demon hunter Kane, and the misforunate Burke, many of whom have interesting quests or even just stories to tell.You know what to expect with the questing - most RPG's these days have the same number of fetch or exterminate quests, but even in this regard, I'd say Risen 3 at least makes some of them more interesting. If you're feeling adventurous, make sure you disable quest markers - otherwise, if you're getting bored, use them to wrap up sidequests quickly. At least Risen 3's questgivers will tell you what to do and where to go, so you don't HAVE to depend on floating arrows to guide you if you don't want them.The number of items in the game has increased, with more variety to melee weapons, magic, and firearms. Some of the weapons are mechanically indistinguisable from each other (crossbows vs. pistols, for example) yet require different skills to use. The ""legendary items"" quests from Risen 2 make a return, and number slightly higher, providing potent stat increases. Unique weapons can be found in two pieces, to be reforged at a smithy - but with no clues on how to find these weapons, it's quite possible you'll have better ones by the time you find both pieces.Unfortunately, the game again shipped with day-one DLC, with two story DLC's and one item-only one. Needless to say, developing gameplay content prior to release and charging separately for it is not a practice that consumers should ever endorse, but at least each DLC is slightly larger than Risen 2's, with a smaller price tag.Final consensus: this game does not do enough to change the most vitriolic opinions about Risen 2. Nevertheless, Piranha Bytes appears to have taken some of the largest points of contention into consideration with Risen 3. Not everything got done that fans wanted, but in the shorter development time, dealing with internal restructuring and losing major designers, I think Piranha Bytes was able to focus on their most egregious sins and provide a substantial package that I don't regret paying for."
,Recommended,249230,12676616,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,RedSatiin,"I recommend this game for those who enjoy a challenge.  NOT for players seeking the details.  READ the CONS, if these truly matter to you, DO NOT BUY. If you can live without those for a challenge, then this is a game for you.I do NOT feel this game is worth the $50.00, so if you feel this is for you, be sure to follow it and wait for a sale.The only problems I've had, none game breaking thus far, are1. Purchase points:a.I chose this game after reading the reviews of those who had 50+ game hours, ensuring that I was getting information and recommendations from payers who not only take time to truly evaluate a game, but also enjoy the same challenge that I do and really try to learn.b.I also choose it after viewing the acheivments and seeing the acheivements 'Perfectionist: complete 300 quests"", and kill ### so and so monster or animal. Many of the other acheivments are to complete specific quests, or that is how it appeared to me, So this part made my decision a touch more difficult.The Purchase point that disappointed me most was B.  I have yet to join a faction, I only have mages up to the joining ceremony and yet it shows I have completed 146 quests.  I've completed almost half of the game before I even join a faction??? By the time I do join a faction I will have completed over half of the entire game.  ( Unless I am understanding the acheivment incorrectly, and 'Perfectionist"" does NOT mean that you complete all quests in the game. )  Mind you, There are EXTREMELY important ..... abilities / items not obtainable until you do join a faction.And the reason I have completed so many quests is where they placed Quests.  What I mean by this is what actions or goals are considered quests.  An example is when you begin the game, you start on a ship, your woken up and told to come top side to join your 'mate' ( I will do my best to give away the absolute least regarding story or spoilers. ) and literally you only need exit the room to complete your first quest,  "" Find so and so island""  When did I 'FIND' it?  In truth someone else found it.  I only woke up and moved my♥♥♥♥♥♥2.  The combat:a. CON:Combat is difficult, so far every monster I have met is able to attack without so much as a wind up or a way to tell they are about to strike, thus not giving you a chance to dodge or block, my attacks are however all wind ups, meaning all monster seem to break my attacks over and over. If I am attacked by 2 or 3 monsters I have had to run because one will complete attacking and as I wind up my attack the next one interupts me, and another attacks after that. Basically meaning I can't get a single hit in on them as they pummel me.  Also they get 2 to 3 consecutive attacks without my being able to interupt with my own attacks, I am only able to dodge like mad or pray they dont break my block. While every one of my attack is interuptable.b. PRO:OMG the challenge to perfect this is amazing.  I've never played a game that has started with such a combat system that forces you to learn mechanics so quickly.3.  Dialog:a. CON:Dialog is a bit lame, when reporting a quest complete, if the quest has more then one objective you have to select each objective as completed, then after you go through the ""I finished this part, I finished this part, I finished this part, I finished this part, you have to then click ""I did everything you asked me to.""  As if clicking 4 times for 4 objectives isn't enough to prove you completed all tasks.CON:Some dialog choices are out of order, Your only available selection will be ""I'll take you there.""  and their responce will be ""Ohh thank you.""  "" I did this, and the monsters are everywhere.""  ""How will I get home?""  Giving me the 'Will you help me' statement AFTER the 'yea, I'll help ya.""CON:Voice overs,Just before you leave the first island an important event occurs, and a party member joins you When you speak to this member they have a specific tone, and way of speaking. After speaking with them regarding several different things as you travel, their voice will change, suddenly as if they fired the voice over actor and were to lazy to fix the previous voice over recordings. And what I mean by change isn't simply the tone, it is also the manner in which words are spoken.b. PRO:The amount of information provided is very nice, your given much information regarding missions, characters, locations and story content.4. Map:a. CON:You are given very little detail on your mini-map and full screen map, making travel difficult, and understanding which way you need to go to enter certain 'interior zones.b. PRO:This is actually more realistic for the era the game is played in as map makers were not as meticulous as they are now adays, and adds to the challenge of the game.5. Mission Log:a. CON:Finding specific missions that you are on, in order to mark key points on your map, can be can be very difficult as it is a bit difficult to understand how they catagorized things.b. PRO:as you move through the missions and add more quests to your log the rhyme and reason become apparent, easier to navagate, but also makes sense.So, although there are many cons, I personally am enjoying the game, because the cons really don't break the game play, and the pro's seem to show me that the developer was looking to increase the overall challenge instead of spending to much time on the little things that can be easily ignored.  I understand that when a company releases a game as completed that it means they have fixed the bugs and CONS I have mentioned above.  This is why I only recommend the game to those who are specifically seeking a challenge, and NOT for players who are simply looking for story and graphics.Well that's my two cents, (Looking back) ok that's more like a buck 50,  I hope this information helps you decide if this is a game for you, and thank you for giving my first review time to read. :)I hope you all enjoy!!"
76561198010864832,Not Recommended,249230,16711485,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Metro,"The Risen 'series' isn't really much of a series at all.  Risen 1 was very obviously a rebranded Gothic 4 that followed the events of the 'neutral' path of Gothic 3: Xardas and the Nameless Hero banish the gods.  Given its moderate success, however, Deep Silver dangled a bag of money in front of Piranha Bytes and out pooped Risen 2 -- an abomination of a game that somehow missed all the hallmarks of what made prior PB games great.  Apparently Risen 2 sold well enough to justify a Risen 3.  Unsurprisingly there will be no Risen 4.What did PB do right this time around?  Factions are back after their mysterious absence in Risen 2.  And while they don't quite approach the Gothic 1 and 2 levels of distinction they arguably surpass those in Risen 1 (with a very disappointing shallow difference between Warrior of the Order and Mage).  Moreover, each faction has its unique school of magic where spells have distinctive themes and are fueled by different 'currencies.'The game is less linear with the ability to choose which island you tackle first; or, you can go back and forth and explore as you wish with little in the way of artificial barriers impeding your progress.  Unfortunately this pro feeds into one of the game's biggest cons: about a third or so of the way through no enemy presents a challenge.  Even on the harder difficulties you aren't at risk of dying save for the occasional one shot from certain creatures if your magic resistance is low.  And while there's plenty of content it eventually becomes a tedious slog through the same old monsters.  In one section on Kila in the final third or so of the game I swear I must have hacked my way through at least a hundred spiders.The character system is much the same as it was in Risen 2 but its greatest flaw is that once you decide on the type of combat you want to focus on (melee, firearms, or magic); you can get close to maximizing it fairly early on.  Throw some points in Toughness to take some hits and that's all you need.  Dexterity is needed for lockpicking if you don't go mage (who have spells to handle locks) but the other skills are borderline worthless.  Silver Tongue is useful maybe a half dozen times and there's always an alternative to it.  Pickpocketing merely nets you a few extra items but you'll be swimming in gold soon enough.  Intimidate is equally as useless as Silver Tongue.  After 30+ hours of playing I haven't even touched alchemy or distilling.  Crafting isn't needed unless you're a completionist.  And then there's this 'second sight' ability to let you scout for gold, weapons, monsters, whatever... and I never used it a single time.  If you have a pulse and a few brain cells you will have no problems spotting the loot and the very few levers you need to pull to progress through the game.Melee combat is as unsatisfying as it was in Risen 2.  Most monsters will go into stun-lock charges a la Gothic 3 so your best defense isn't parrying but rolling.  Risen 1 did it better and while shields were overpowered the simple introduction of a stamina mechanic to prevent you from turtling up would have been the more elegant solution.  Fortunately the magic is better so you can nuke your way through the throngs of spiders, skeletons, and hell hounds you'll get sick of by hour fifteen or so.The story is uninteresting and largely unexplained.  Instead of the character from the first and second games you now play as the brother of Patty.  Why?  No reason, really.  Outside of the tutorial section Patty becomes largely irrelevant unless you opt to use her as one of a half dozen or so companions in combat.  You could be random Pirate Joe for all it matters.  I didn't even see a mention of the Titans or the events of the last few games until around halfway through.  All you know is: you died, you need to get your spirit back, evil demon things are attacking, and... you have to assemble a fleet to fight the ghost of a dude who died in the second game.An unfortunate companion to the 'story' is the non-stop 'dream' sequences you have whenver you sleep.  You wake up in the spirit world and wander around until you have a brief conversation with characters from the previous games or some big monster spawns, goes BOO, and you wake up.  Similarly jarring are the awful arcade combat vignettes against sea monsters.  Three or four times as you progress the story you're forced into a ship battle where you tool around and fire at it with ONE canon.  Fun times.Risen 3 is a game that screams 'fulfilling our contractual obligation for X number of sequels.'  And while PB puts in some effort to improve upon the turkey of Risen 2; there are still far too many flaws to justify the series continuance beyond the first game."
76561198003030375,Recommended,249230,14198420,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,The_Cpt_FROGGY,"Risen 3 – Titan Lords~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~As I have not played the previous two (2) games, I really had no idea what this game would be like.7 hours down the track, I am absolutely amazed by it. The amount of quests I am getting in one location is just unbelievable; I am literally losing count.This RPG is set in a world of Pirates with absolutely stunning visuals. If you enjoy taking screenshots do not look further, this game will give you plenty of opportunities to snatch great screenshots from sunset to beautiful sceneries.Great open world and apart from quests you have a fair few of other things to do like picking up clams where you can get pearls or gathering food, vegetation for potions/magic, and a must for a good pirate, rum and other distilled substances. They are great sources of health in the game. Argh...hip Argh...hip...burp...Argh!One thing I like so far is you do not have to worry about how many objects your character is carrying, just collect them. Anyway, you will be able to trade your goods with multiple people in each destination. And, you will be able to learn many essential skills like using a monkey! Yes you will!Along the way you meet characters and you can invite them to your party. I already have two at this stage (different skills) and they are very useful especially during combat. However, you have to choose who you want at your side when you arrive at each location.For the combat side of the equation, it could have been smoother but it is fine. I am just being a little bit picky here. A little bit of advice, try to upgrade your character attributes as soon as possible because some foes are quiet challenging and even with a companion at your side you just might die quickly.The audio is good and the story is sound. A good RPG all round.Positives:~~~~~~~-	Great graphics-	Good story-	Massive number of quests-	In depth character options-	Challenging adversaries-	Good humour-	Achievements-	Trading cardsNegatives:~~~~~~~~-	Combat system could have been betterA very solid RPG in my opinion. Thumbs up.8/10MORE THE_CPT_FROGGY REVIEWS HEREFOLLOW THE CPT FROGGY CURATOR PAGE HERE"
76561198011891156,Recommended,249230,22634322,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Jargonaut,"I normally played turn-based RPG, but decided to try Risen 3 for a change.I totally enjoyed this game. It has a great storyline and is extremely immersive.I spend many hours carefully picking up everything, collecting all Legendary Items, and Reforging the best Weapons in the game.I also spend many hours trying to get all the Steam Achievements and was able to do so in a single playthough as a Demon Hunter. It seems that this is the only faction that you can get all achievements in a single playthrough. The other 2 factions, Guardian and Natives all have missing achievements.The combat sequence was extremely fun too. The only hard part for me was the Sea Battles and the Final Boss Fight, because they both require fast interactive responses which was difficult for me. The mini-game were really fun, although the archery one is quite difficult too. However, getting Legendary Items from instances of certain mini-game were a great idea and an incentive as well.Anyway this is really a fun game and it is wonderful to spend many hours in it.I highly recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,249230,20768882,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Tom,"Risen 3: Titan Lords is an RPG game developed by Piranha Bytes and published by Deep Silver. It’s the third game in the Risen series. The game was released in August 2014 on PC, Xbox360 and PS3, but the PS4 got a remastered version of the game is August 2015.The game plays almost the same as the first two games in the series. An easy to use combat system which makes you counter and parry enemy sword swings whilst you weave in your own attacks. I found the combat system to be very clunky and not very responsive to your input.  Whilst in combat you are able to use your range weapon too; I found this to be a rather pointless addition as it misses the majority of the time even on much bigger targets.  You are able to freely explore the world and take on plenty of side quests. Each of the quests has different ways to solve them, which is a nice element, depending on how you resolve the quest; you may even get a different outcome.  I liked the fact you can play the game in almost any order you choose, meaning you can mould your character exactly how you want it to be.Graphically, I wasn’t too impressed, for me it looks worse than the previous games. I was playing on 4k and it looked really poor. Texture quality was mediocre at best. The lush scenery when exploring islands does redeem itself a bit, but what’s inside that lushness is some really bad looking modelling. The animation and sound effects are so bad, they are sometimes laughable. I believe all modern games should have voice acting in, and sadly Risen 3 has some absolutely awful voice actors. Every single word that is spoken just feels out of place and does not match up with the game play at all. It almost made the cut scenes unbearable sometimes. During the first fifteen minutes of gameplay, there is almost silence. All you hear is the gun fire, no shouting, sound effects of fights, nothing. It just seems to have very poor production values.The game is pretty easy even when playing on the hard settings. The combat system, when you get a hang of it, is easy to use, meaning you can be taking on larger groups of enemies before too long. A lot of the time throughout the game you will be accompanied by a companion which also makes the combat scenes more easily handled too. I only died a handful of times so there isn’t any major challenge to be found here.Risen 3 does have a very good amount of content to play through. Each chapter of the game has at least 20+ side quests for you to tackle. Whilst the side quests don’t distract you too much from the main plot, they are a good addition to the game, that rewards you with money and much needed experience for completing them. I didn’t find myself wanting to complete a lot of them though; they are all very samey after you complete half a dozen; the side quests in this game are nothing when you compare it to the likes of Witcher.The game took me almost twenty five hours to complete, with a fair few of the side missions completed. For me, since I was struggling to get through the abundance of cut scenes and dialogue, I feel that was almost a bit too much, even now I have plenty of side quests I could complete but I honestly don’t think I can put myself through any more of it. You can probably get about 40 hours of content out of this game, and you may even want to consider a second play through given the amount of choice some of the quests offer.I didn’t have any technical problems whilst playing thankfully. I was able to play at 1440p with all of the graphical settings turned up to max and still have a steady 60 fps. I played the game with keyboard and mouse, as I found that to be best for the previous games in the series, but the game will work perfectly well with a controller since it is in the third person perspective.To sum up, I believe Risen 3 to be the worst of the series so far. The first two games had better animation and voice acting in than this one, and to some extent, they even looked better graphically.  The game is currently retailing for £24, 99, and sadly I don’t think it’s even worth half of that. If you are a fan of RPG games and the Risen series, I would suggest you wait till it drops to the £10 mark, just so you don’t feel too let down by the poor production values on show here. Whilst the game does have a vast open world exploration feel to it, it just didn’t live up to my expectations for the third game in a really good pirate series.Tom's Score Card1) Stay away2) Not Recommended3) Only recommended when on sale4) Recommended5) Highly recommended6) This is a must playIf you found this review helpful, please give it a thumbs up. If you would also like to follow my reviews more easily, be sure to join my group by clickinghere.If you are also interested in joining a group to help you beat your backlog of Steam games, head over tothis grouphttp://store.steampowered.com/app/249230"
76561197967685936,Recommended,249230,32244839,Posted: 7 June,all,^7ja^1co,"Lets start with the bad:- some weird texture glitches- melee combat system- mobs teleport/slide to you- you telepot/slide to mobs- combat magic kinda disappointing- less structured progress- lack of actual threat- weird pacing- game ending..I have finished the game and have to say, despite its problems I have really enjoyed it, there is a ton of content, I have spent 55 hours with the game on my first playthrough which is a fantastic result for a very low price.There are good connections with Risen 2 so it feels like a decent continuation of the series.It is regretfully more like Risen 2 than Risen 1 despaite what the devs told us, this is not a return to Gothic.Still a very good experience, Piranha Bytes knows how to create a packed world, engaging story, likeable character, cool conversations, follower system is actually not bad it gives you a bit of configuration. If you are a weak in melee you can pick a fighter, if you are good in melee you can take a ranged or healer follower. They are a bit OP which brakes gameplay. However, the follower conversations, quest and comments they make in game are prefect, they are not annoying but present just about enough, sometimes the comments where shocking or funny, there is a great flavour there.Can easily recomend this, I can't understand why people are complaining, this is a good game. When I saw Elex I am still not convinced, but having warmed up to Risen 3 I will definitely give Elex a chance."
,Not Recommended,249230,11684506,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,opusredx,"I’ve seen several people defending this game by saying ‘this is not a triple ‘A’ title so don’t expect that level of polish’, however if you’re going to charge $50 then you will be judged like any other $50 game.  The price needs to match the quality of the game, and I blame myself for pre-ordering this game without looking deeper into it.When the price of this game drops to $30 or less then it will be worth it.Good:So far the game has not crashed on meBad:Combat (serviceable but lacks polish) after about 7 hours of play it gets a bit better, but still not greatVoice Acting not great but at least it is fully voicedGraphics are subparThe price to refinement ratio is off"
76561198135056309,Recommended,249230,15100629,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,MateSalsa,"I finished the game right now and well...I have mixed feelings about it. I give a thumbs up because I loved previous Risen games, and want to support the developer which is a semi indy european company, but I'm not sure if I can recommend this.Ok, the things which Piranha does great in general, does great also in this game: the atmosphere, the exploration, the humor and the side quests. AND Risen 3 does a better job in those things which are generally bad in Piranha games, like it is more polished than previous Risen games, and finally has an approachable fighting system as well, but the story is horrible as usual (even if Risen 2 had a decent story anyway).So what's the problem? The problem is that the game is not new. RIsen 1 was an interesting game, and then Risen 2 came out and was able to bring some freshness, so they were different and innovative experiences on their own.But Risen 3 is not more than Risen 1+2 with an updated Risen 2 graphics. It is disappointing even if the game is very enjoyable.Then for whatewer reason the devs cut the story and the lore of the previous games and introduced a new storyline and arch enemy. It was quiet a WTF?? What made the story more messy is that they made constant references to the happenings of the previous games even if the story line doesn't have any connection with Risen 1+2.Because the story was uninteresting I felt the game a little longer than I wanted. It is a 40+ hour game, bear in mind.So should I recommend this game? Well, if you love Piranha Bytes games and want to get all of them, you will buy it. If you enjoyed the previous games but you are not a hardcore fan don't buy it, becuase previous Risen games are better. If you hated them, you will hate also this one.But for starters maybe this is the most accessable game. It is the most polished out of the 3 ones with the best fighting system, and becuase it has a different story you don't need to play the older games to get into it.I personally enjoyed it, but I feel it completely skippable.Piranha Bytes next time you need to try harder coz ppl won't buy your games!!!"
,Recommended,249230,11743109,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Phantom,"(Updated my review below)Now let me start off my review by saying that this isn't a game for casual players. If you want to mash some buttons and get through stuff alright you're gonna get frustrated and angry.People who have played Gothic and previous Risen games will feel right at home here though.The game is in many ways an improvement over Risen 2, I'll sum up all the points I think have been improved over compared to the previous game in the franchise.+ Much bigger world+ Tons of quests and things to do+ Combat at sea against sea monsters (ripped from Assassins Creed Black Flag but still nice)+ 3 different factions to join (exactly like in gothic 2, you can pick one and stuff will change according to your choice)+ Magic is back, there are tons of spells and skills for you to learn (Voodoo is back and awesome!)+ Treasure searching from Risen 2 is back in force and theres a lot of stuff for you to find+ Companions have more to say and aren't just there like in Risen 2, the game feels more alive. (They give you advice and sometimes really save your life during fights)+ Less bugs and glitches than in Risen 2 (although there are still a few minor issues)+ Gorgeous evironments! (Seriously, look at some screenshots!)+ Music and sound is perfect!+ Replayablility because of the 3 different factions (You can only join one of them so you can play the game again and experience it in a different way with different skills and everything!)+ Hilarious dialog sometimes+ Feels a lot like gothic! (no, seriously it does. The 3 different factions you can join and the overall feel of the game when you're playing is very similar. You even get good references to gothic sometimes throughout the game. Scavengers are in the game and there's a guy called Moe asking for money in front of the tavern :D and those are just a few of them.)+ Did a quest for a parrot, got 2200 gold and new armor! (10/10)Unfortunately there are a few things that just aren't that good...I love the game but in order to make this an honest game review I gotta put the negatives here too.- Voice acting is a mixed bag (For me it was fine but other players will think it's horrible)- Armor is really scarce throughout the game, you'll get your faction armor when you join one of them but that's about it.(It was pretty much the same in the gothic games though)- The game has frame rate issues- Enemy AI is horrible sometimes- ocasional pop in throughout the entire game- Some graphical glitches here and there- Clothes of npc's don't look that great sometimes (clipping)- Combat is challenging in the gothic kind of way, in the beginning you'll have to run away from enemies sometimes. If you wander off and go to deep in some parts of the islands you'll encounter monsters that are way to strong for you. Levelling is slow at first but once you're strong the game is a lot of fun. Gothic was the same and if someone says it isn't they're lying. I've finished Gothic 1 and 2 for like 3 times so I know how the games are. I don't have a problem with this but others will, thats why I said at the beginning that this isn't for casual players.Overall the game was and still is a lot of fun for me, I'll probably keep playing it for a while like I did with Risen 2. But players that aren't used to this kind of gameplay wont enjoy it as much as I did. I'm sure of that, so my advice to those people would be to play Gothic 2 or try out Risen 2. If you get annoyed as hell and hate the levelling and the overall gameplay of those 2 this isn't the game for you. It doesn't do anything new or inovative, it's made for the fans of those 2 franchises(Gothic & Risen)I give this game an 8/10Update: Just started a new game to see if things are different when you join another faction and they are. I joined the Guardians and I have a different ship and some unique faction quests as well!. I highly recommend players to try the game out a 2nd or even 3rd time to see the changes for themselves.I know I gave this game an 8/10 but there's just so many good things that i'm seeing that I'm very tempted to raise it to 9 :D"
,Recommended,249230,28132925,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,BrassMunkee,"I don't really review many games, but I came into this experience not really sure what to expect. I am honestly not certain why I never fell into the Gothic / Risen fanbase, it's clearly right up my ally, but Risen 3 is my first despite knowing about the following it had, for a long time.It was just great, that's all I can really say. I did whatever I wanted to do, whenever I wanted to do it, and built whatever character I wanted. There are some obvious criticisms, as any game has, but they aren't really significant enough to have distracted from how much fun I was having. The dialogue can be cheesy, but I was mostly interested in what people had to say (that's rare.) The missions had purpose, the maps and caves we're interesting.I'm not going to do a neat list of pro's and con's like other prolific reviewers. Just a damn good RPG, tons to do, tons of items, interesting magic, and a really refreshing melee combat system. Honestly. every video I see online of hard encounters we're people using rifles and the like. That seems so boring. I 1-hand melee'd my way through to the credits. You think it has quirks until you learn what's really going on and how to time your charge attacks, or parry. That aspect reminded me of the Dark Souls series. Once you git gud, it doesn't matter how much damage your weapon does or how much defense you have. Just learn it.10/10 this was a welcome surprise."
,Recommended,249230,30601961,Posted: 18 March,all,JonathanWhiting13,"Overall this game is pretty fun although it has quite a few issues.Pros:-Good Graphics-Great Setting and Theme-Plently of side quests and optional content-Decent sized map, quite a few islands to explore (though don't expect anything as large as black flag)-Alright story, not the best but you don't really play a game like this for an amazing storyCons:-Bad voice acting, the voices sound muffled and it sounds like the characters are sitting in an enclosed room-Awful combat, really basic and really clunky-A few bugs hear and there although the game seems more polished than the previous gamesOverall i think this is a pretty good game for the price as it is very cheap and you can get quite a few hours out of it. Don't expect it to stand up to games like the witcher or AC but its still pretty fun to play, dispite the issues it has.Would recomend when on sale."
,Not Recommended,249230,13383928,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,RNGesus,"As a fan of the first two games (more so the first) I am very disappointed in this game after waiting a long time for it. I was so happy to hear that the game would be going back to the medieval roots and abandoning the pirate theme but apparently that was scrapped and they stuck with pirates despite keeping the medieval theme on the game cover and the title ""Titan Lords"".I lked the combat improvement between the first two games where you unlocked abilities that made fighting easier as opposed to being a master at dodging. The combat in this game is the most simple yet the most frustrating to the point I would even prefer to have to dodge every swing to survive.Right off the bat the game gets too spread out trying to send you to 5 different areas and every other person you meet sends you out of your way to help them. I appreciate the openesss of the story and having options but it feels they tried to drown you in quests just for the purpose of prolonging the time to finish everything.To top it off, the voice acting is terrible compared to any other game I've played and the graphics just don't feel right at all. This is the first game that I felt obligated to give a negative review and hopefully it will be the last."
,Recommended,249230,32515788,Posted: 17 June,all,bubak,"Not great, not bad, very clunky in almost every aspect of gameplay. Despite it I still had a lot of fun but hey, don't listen to me as I'm Piranha Bytes  games fanboy..."
,Recommended,249230,18501793,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Svirt,"Risen 3 - Titan LordsRisen 3 - Titan Lords is a fantastic RPG focused on story, and nothing else. If you are really into it, its brought to the perfetion, almost every detail, dozens of characters, hundreds of quests and thousands of conversation lines. You can get really deep into almost every NPC story, find out what happened to them, what they think, need or want. I really appreciate this system and especially that these lines are not repetitive. Very often you have got more options how to solve a task or proceed through conversation tree. Mixing pirates, mages, natives, demon hunters and underworld was really nicely done in this game, making it much more interesting than previous title.On the other side fighting and talent systems are really bad and boring, with time you just walk and kill using only the same few clicks, after a few hours skills are developed enough that you needn't to improve them,  but if you pass over this fact the game is really exciting.7/10"
76561198005174612,Not Recommended,249230,11720703,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,TheCherry,"I've had played Gothic 1, 2 and 3 (multiple times) + Risen 1 & 2, so I am pretty familiar with Piranha Byte gamesTL;DR;PB ♥♥♥♥ed up again.This game isn't worth 50€25€ would have been appropriate.I lost hope in PB, won't buy anything from PB for now.This game is even worse than Risen 2. I would even call it Risen 2.5.The game pretty much feels like Risen 2 with factions. The fighting system is again pretty flawed and boring.I wish the developers would just take the one from Gothic 2 ... It was challenging and got never boring at all.This fighting system is a left click spamming fest to be honest.The story feels like it was made one week before release.The quests are boring and dull.The voice acting (German) is pretty bad and unimaginative. The jokes are also lame and cringe-making.The graphics are the same from Risen 2 and aren't even decent. Many textures are blurry and everything looks unfinished.PB used to make great games with a great stories, a believable world and interesting and challenging quests.This game however feels like it was made quickly just to make money without any love.PB, please just make games like Gothic 1 and 2 again. I know you can do it."
,Recommended,249230,18021177,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,loquee,"Once again a traditional Piranha Bytes title with all its flaws, rough around the edges, feels unfinished sometimes, very very bad beginning and end, almost only tedious fetch/kill quests, ancient facial animations and many more.I hate almost all new mechanics like the sea fights and especially the whole underworld/ghost parts.Just finished the game in about 40h and already forgot most of the weak story.The different factions you can join almost make no difference as you will travel around a game world that is 90% accessible right after the prologue and you will do almost all quests of all the factions anyway.Balancing is abysmal, I would say even worse than the early Gothic 3.The game starts extremely hard, you will probably die most of your deaths in the forst 5 hours.At some point when you master the combat mechanics, got some decent equipment and learned nice skills, the gameplay is actually pretty good. Sadly, it wears off after only a few hours. Most combats are the same, you will probably take the same companion with you 95% of the time and the only interesting situations will arise from glitches.The second half of the game will be one long grind towards completing most quests, looting and killing everything there is, because skilling and learning the important stuff from trainers gets extremely expensive.You will not see a single new creature/enemy in the second half of the game.But you will have to suffer through the worst boss fights in the history of all PB games, which is ridiculous, because they somehow built up a reputation for having the worst end fights with Risen 1 & 2 already.I could go on ranting about many other things, some of which were certainly designed by the Devs on purpose because they are sadists and we the fans are certainly a bit masochistic in return.Nevertheless, once again it is somehow a good game in many aspects as well. For me mostly because the world that has been created is amongst the most atmospheric and credible game worlds I ever experienced. The factions are interesting, the islands are astonishing, the level design with the incredible attention to detail is still one of a kind.The music is beautiful and the voice actors are solid, with a few brilliant exceptions.While many of the main characters are boring and bland, a few save the day, for me these are the gnomes and bones.I'm happy that I decided to give the game a few second chances when I felt like quitting and after all finished the game.My only regret is that I wasted a lot of time collectiong stuff I never needed.TLDR:If you liked any other Piranha Bytes Game, get Risen 3, it is better than Risen 2 and the most impressive in regards to the game world.If you are new and curious about this rough little gem, get it in a sale and read some beginners guides."
,Recommended,249230,23227935,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,bdodroid,"If I had to describe this game in one sentence it would be this:This game is like that really bad B movie on the syfy channel at 2'o clock in the morning that you just cant help but watch even though you have to get up at 6am to get to that meeting you didn't prepare for because you like to procrastinate.The voice acting is wonderfully bad, the camera is like a mini game all in itself, and the combat will have you're character constantly somersaulting all over the place like an old circus performer trying to show the new boss he's still got it, usually rolling into more enemies you couldn't see while battling the camera, but it embraces the pirate theme with unashamed glee, using every opportunity to drop the f-bomb and preach the many miraculous powers of booze.And god help me if I don't love this game.If you want a good pirate rpg this is it. The only thing really holding it back from being great, in my opinion, is the lack of ship management/travel and far too few ship combat segments.My advice: plug in a controller, flip it on easy, somersault like no one's watching, and let the terrible B movie magic take you away.*no you don't need to play 1 or 2 to enjoy this. In fact, you'll probably like it more if you didn't play the first 2."
76561198113644314,Recommended,249230,15041850,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,big_dad_e_84,"Coming from an Rpg fan,  this game is very good. The combat does take some getting used to however. The visuals are awesome! The story not so much. But the exploration!! I would recommend this to anyone. Not a contender for game of the year, but still entertaining nonetheless. Definitely worth the $30. Has some good replay value."
,Recommended,249230,12877017,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Nurg,"I've really enjoyed all of the Risen games so far. Lots of freedom, very little hand-holding, lots of toys, interesting characters and locations. On the down side this is the easiest in the series so far. The strong challenge and lack of world-levelling - where the enemies get more powerful as you progress - was my favorite thing about the earlier games. It makes things VERY satisfying when you get that new spell or item and finally crack a previously almost invincible enemy.I blame those negative reviewers who haven't really understood the earlier Risen games for the dramatic drop in difficulty here..It's very much a marmite game - you will love it or hate it."
,Not Recommended,249230,14838704,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Khaos,"Nothing compared to the second and overall, not worth the price. Get it on sale if you can, but stray away if you absolutely hate repetition due to the ease and speed at which everything drops off and turns from fun to boring.Pros :- Good Graphics- Actually quite challenging (Reminiscent of the Witcher's combat)- Ability to explore and find secrets- Large World- Enjoyable character builds, and lots of choices to pick depending on your play style- Most ""Boss"" fights are coolCons :- Gets extremely repetative after about a quarter through the game- Cookie Cutter Monsters- Environments Get Old- Only 20~ Hours of (Story) Gameplay- Bland Story^ Due to the fact that the story is really all that contributes to the gameplay, thats a magnified factor.- No Replayability- Poor Attempt at Character Background & Buildup- Lore Cut in Half From 2nd Game"
76561198042646749,Recommended,249230,24256833,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,kris.aalst,"Risen 3 is a third person open world action roleplaying game made by Piranha Bytes, the team that gave us the Gothic games and of course the first two Risen games. It's hard to talk about Risen 3 without referring to the previous games, which I'll call 'PB games' for short.To summarize:Risen 3 is definitely a step up from Risen 2 but all in all, it is probably still a game that only fans of PB games will love and a game that only fans of the genre may learn to like.To talk about this game more in-depth, I'll take the list I used for my reviews of 'Risen' and 'Risen 2'.Melee combatThe melee combat in Risen 2 was bad, very bad. The melee combat in Risen 3 is a lot better. It would certainly not win any prizes for the most exciting combat in a RPG ever, but after the fiasco of Risen 2 it feels like a huge improvement. The melee combat in Risen 3 is a lot like it was in the first Witcher game. Your character can perform a combo of moves and all you need to do is click the mouse at the right time to make sure the combo is performed correctly. If you click at the wrong time, the combo will be interrupted by the opponent or you will at least notice a decrease in your effectiveness (lower attack speed and damage dealt).The secondary weapons are back: you can use a pistol, a crossbow or throwing daggers. But since melee combat relies on performing a series of successive attacks (combo), you will hardly ever use a secondary weapon because that interrupts the combo flow.Ranged combatThe ranged combat in Risen 3 is about the same as it was in Risen 2. Muskets and shotguns are back, they work about the same as in Risen 2 and they are about as powerful as they were in Risen 2. But because of the improved melee combat and the return of magic, ranged combat isn't the only viable build anymore like it was in Risen 2.MagicMagic is back after being pretty much absent in Risen 2. Each of the three factions have their own type of magic (rune magic, crystal magic or voodoo magic). I can't really comment further on how a mage build would function in Risen 3 as I went with melee/ranged.Learning curve for your characterLike in all PB games, there isn't just a learning curve for the player but for the character, too. He needs to learn to fight better. As the game progresses and you improve your character's skills, you actually feel your character getting better. This curve is not very steep in Risen 3, making it by far the easiest PB game so far. For the sake of Steam Achievements, I only improved my stats and skills a bit and then started saving 'glory points' (what XP is called in this game) to be able to max out each stat one by one (there is an achievement for getting each stat to 100). This means that I went through the better part of the game with only minimal stats and skills, and the game still felt too easy. You can up the difficulty in the game settings, but that only makes the monsters hit harder, which isn't really an issue when the problem is that most monsters don't hit you at all. You could artificially increase the difficulty in two ways, though:go solo, so don't take an npc companion with you: I should have done this earlier but the first few hours you need a companion so you get used to it. Also, there are companions that are part of the factions that live on the main islands and they have a personal quest there, so you miss out on some stuff if you go solo. But it was only after I started to go questing without a companion that I felt challenged in this game.don't use dodge: dodging is overpowered. It has no cooldown and opponents can't interrupt your dodging, so you're actually invincible while dodging. Combined with a companion who will take aggro while you're dodging, this can make the game way too easy.FactionsFactions are back, after being more or less absent in Risen 2. They aren't as different or game defining as they were in the Gothic games, but at least they feel like real factions and they come with their own armor sets, like in the good old days ;-)TrainersThe character development system is very close to the one Risen 2 had, with some minor but welcome changes. You still increase stats with 'glory' (XP) and you still learn or increase skills by finding and paying a trainer who can teach you. It would go too far to describe all the skills and all the stats and their impact on the skills in this review, but I must say that I found the overall character development system in Risen 3 a bit better than in Risen 2.Great atmosphereThe settings, the NPCs, the towns, the music, the humour, ... everything adds to a distinct atmosphere that only PB can create. Although the 'slightly dumbing down' of Risen 2 & 3 compared to earlier PB games is still noticeable, there is a slight improvement compared to Risen 2. NPCs will react to your actions (e.g. stealing in plain sight) a bit more often and a bit more logically than they did in Risen 2, but it's still far from the first four PB games.Something that reminds me of Gothic 2, is that a part of the world of Risen 3 is 'recycled content' from the previous game. Some people find this incredibly lazy. While I see their point, I personally like the vaguely familiar settings. Those islands look different enough from the previous game to be a largely new experience, but you have a feeling of “Hey, here used to be...” and a curiosity of “I wonder if ... is still there”.There are a ton of references to the Gothic games in Risen 3. For starters, some creatures from the Gothic series are back: scavengers, swamp golems, snappers and dragon snappers. There are also a few encounters and easter eggs referring to earlier PB games. For example,you'll come across an annoying fellow called Mud who follows you around and won't shut up (same as in Gothic 1), you'll meet the nameless hero you played in the first two Risen games and you'll see a lot of dead people again like Steelbeard and inquisitor Mendoza.Some notes about the Steam AchievementsThe achievements aren't bugged like they were for Risen 2. If you want to get all the achievements, you will either need three playthroughs or plan a bit. That means:join each faction (save, join, reload) before joining one for good.if you aren't going to join the Demonhunters faction for good: when you join them briefly to get the achievement for that, also do the quest 'A new rank' for Drake before reloading. This quest is Demonhunters only and as a part of that quest, you need to complete another quest called 'Zak's temptation' on Antigua, which has an achievement of its own.gather enough glory points to max your lowest stat and then max each stat one by one (save, max a stat, reload, max next stat, reload, etc.) before allocating your glory points where you want them for your build.start playing the game as a good guy to get the achievement for getting your soul rating over 90 (I'd save at 80 or so, then give all soul dust to Edward to get soul rating above 90, then reload), then start playing as a complete prick to get soul below 10 for another achievement."
76561198017425718,Recommended,249230,11685536,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Sluggeto,"First I'd like to say I went through many of the reviews here, many of the thumbs down played less than 2 hours, came here and passed judgement... an open world RPG with hundreds of quests and destinations, too many NPC's to name and a host of new features, yet 1.7 hours and it sucks. Really.Okay, that said, here's my quick opinion, if you played Gothic 2 there is much to enjoy here, the game is similar in many ways, but perhaps too easy to start. If you are looking for Witcher 3 graphics, nope, want Halo shooter action, nope, this game is exactly what it tries to be, a game for those who enjoyed the Gothic & Risen game world and wants more.If you are looking try this game keep in mind, those who play 1.5 hours after spenting 50 bucks, then come here to condemn it, you might want to consider the ability of anyone to jugde this type of game after such a short time, I suspect they were not aware of the history that comes with this game."
76561198070591452,Not Recommended,249230,25292459,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Ejl,"This is a hard review to make. I simply love the world, it's very well crafted, full of things to discover and interesting npc's. Graphics are great, and there's many great wallpapers to be screenshotted from this game. Dialoque is funny, lots of sidequests. Sounds like a dream game, right?Unfortunately, the one big thing that breaks this game, is the frustratingly bad combat. I've tried to time my clicks, but it won't help when most enemies in the game use the same tactic which is: Attack, jump back far away, close in, attack, jump back far away. If you can't corner your enemy, expect long fights even with the weakest of opponents.The combat has always been bad on risen/gothic games, and it makes me wonder, why? What have the devs thought with this system? :D Didn't they play it themselfs at all? Didn't they hear the criticism about the combat from the first parts?It's a shame, since other parts of the game are cool, interesting and there's a lot of eyecandy. But in a game like this, combat is a big part, and it's not fun, not at all. Makes you mad, frustrated and takes a lot of time just watching enemies jumping backwards.It ruined the game for me, i'm tired spending almost o minute fighting a lone scavenger that gives me 50 exp (leveling needs about 4000)."
76561198058473669,Recommended,249230,25521918,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,BrownBread,"Good game with lots of choice.  It has some beautiful design and it is very open, you really feel like you are making decisions in this game.  Solid game with decent plot too."
,Recommended,249230,30297510,Posted: 3 March,all,Gestalt,"To start with, I finished ""Risen 3"" 5 days ago. So with its completion, I have done with the series, at least for now. I think I can say without hesitation that Piranha Bytes did a marvelous job there with Risen series.In regards to Risen 3, I have read a lot of reviews and comments that says the game is just more of the same of its predecessors and I kinda agree on that. However, I think it is a good thing that R3 got the best of these two worlds.As an RPG gamer, what impressed me in R1, is the faction system which utterly failed in R2 because your faction was shaping your play style and it was limiting the player to a certain role. Now these factions in R2 plays a role in R3 but for instance, if you want to be an inquisitor, now you can't but there is a whole bunch of quest for them, too and even if you are submitted to another faction which also can heavily consists of magic usage, you can develop you character in both magic skills and/or other gun/musket skills.  Also faction system makes replayability of the game skyrocket, just like it did in R1 and R2; you can revisit the game and play a different storyline with a different faction.Story-wise, it is on par with 2 previous games; although, for me, first one is still the best. It goes without saying, it was also heart-warming to see the characters from previous games; heck, you can even meet with the antagonist of the second game(playerchar) and clink some booze with him; even though it plays a small role it is very nice addition and I really appreciate the developers for giving us, players, tangible lines to merge previous games to the newest and latest title.As for the map, it shares the same location with 2nd game's. I am not sure but maybe, 1 or 2 island were added. So if you played the 2nd game, it's not a big surprise to say  yourself ""I think I know this place but from where?"". One can say it is a disadvantage or a proof that developers didn't work as hard as they worked for the 2nd game but I found it really satisfying. Because instead of spending time on recreating a new world, they spend the time on enriching the story and quests, giving us a better game in terms of story content from the other previous titles. The story length is quite satisfying in comparison to today's standard; just to give an example, my play-through took around 45 hours.So what I don't like about R3 is, still the same since the beginning of these series. Item-wise, you are still searching for the strongest weapon in regards to your level, not really thinking of any other option because there is no real option there. Second, Lockpicking and Persuasion skills are all needed but for one tenth of whole cases, really. In nine tenth of cases treasure loots or things we steal are totally garbage.So there is not much negativity for me in this game; even they integrate a teleporter system. In the previous titles, it was becoming tiresome to walk over all the island just for 1 quest item.So I think I can safely recommend Risen 3 to rpg lovers and also, with its friendly UI, even to the newcomers from other genres."
,Recommended,249230,13463636,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,SirDeity,"The first few hours of Risen 3 feels similar to its predecessor, with slightly dated graphics and a shortage of polish. However, patience is a virtue, and as you progress, a fun and addicting longing for adventure prevails. Piranha Bytes is known for its imagination in the genre of RPGs, and Risen 3 is yet another fine example.This game is full of charms, and will keep you entertained for many hours. The voice acting is good, quests feel authentic and give you a sense of importance, and the overall objectives are virtually always clear. There is room for improvement in graphics and final polishing, but I'd give Risen 3 a solid 8 out of 10. It doesn't quite rival the brilliance of Skyrim, but for RPG fans, it's still a no brainer."
,Recommended,249230,34181205,Posted: 11 August,all,replay,"CONS: I hate to say this but this is abosolute shame to the gothic series. Risen 1 was a fantastic game with great graphics for the time, an interesting story, strategic combat, a diverse range of animals and beast to kill and it was fun. Risen 2 was a bit of a  let down but it still had most of the things from the first as well as some added stuff like guns, natives and NOT a constapated ,♥♥♥♥ saying, sack of♥♥♥♥♥♥that turned out to be the risen 3 character. I still love risen 3 but really there are some obvious flaws like the story is a bit weak, although i found this alot in Risen 2 as well, also the combat it has improved but to me it still feels a bit clunky, guns at least work in this one you can shoot your pistol more than once during a fight, enemies have been taken out of gothic and put in to risen 3 such as the scavenger and dragon snapper. Another dissapointment is the ocean fights with the giant sea monsters, when Risen 2 included some of these such with the kraken it was fun, not with Risen 3 once you've got a REAL ship you do these fights every 3 places you visit and it gets really annoying. Dialogue was so bad in this game the mouths moved at the wrong time and the way the character includes ♥♥♥♥ into every sentence.PROS: There have been improvements to risen 3 such as  followers were alot more helpfull in risen 3 and you get alot more of them, you can swim which you coulden't do in risen 2, Combat is an obvious one, Magic i found to be quite enjoyable alot more better than risen 2 magic, I'm not really sure about the dodging feature if its good or bad, i liked the factions in this game alot better than in risen 2, the world is alot more open then its predecessor risen 2 (you must be getting tired of me comparing to risen 2 but its a good one to compare it to), you don't have to LEARN HOW TO KICK a crab you get to use a power swing, there were alot of references from gothic in this, ALOT, i actually liked the pirates vs demons theme.My recommendation: I say if you didn't like risen 2 or never played it i would not recommend this too you but you never know you might like it. Although there are some flaws, there are have also been some improvements, now just because I have said that it is a absoulute shame to the gothic series, doesn't mean it isn't a good game in fact in my opinion its a fairy stable game even though its many flaws, its better than risen 2 i can tell you that.Rating: 8/10"
76561198088884238,Not Recommended,249230,11906443,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,alex.link501,"I think that the decision whether or not to recommend this game was quite a close one for me because while the game does have allot going against it on paper it was still fun to play I just think that it got held back because unfortunately no one area of the game stood out as having been particularly well executed throughout.On the one hand the levels are quite well done and there is allot to do in the game, plus you have a wide variety of choices when deciding on how to build your character so you don’t have to decide what play style you want to employ up front. There are also a wide variety of side quests to pursue which provide quite a few hours of entertainment. The crew of your ship which you will build up over time are interesting as they will make comments as you travel with them, some of which are fairly amusing. Another thing that I liked was the skill system, to many games have long complex skill trees that don’t feel like they contribute to much more than the player stats. In risen 3 you can learn any skill you want and allot of the spells are interesting to play with, from being able to blink around the field to turning yourself into a parrot to more aggressive combat spells there is allot to play and experiment with. While I know that some people have had stability issues I’ve yet to crash once and fps drops are small and few so I personally think that the game is fairly stable.On the other hand this game does disappoint particularly as you progress, this is due to your character becoming overpowered and there being no real counter balance making combat a chore as the enemies don’t become notably stronger or varied also meaning that there is little incentive to mix things up. Another damming issue is that you don’t have to get too far into the game to have seen every enemy except the bosses. Graphics were another issue, while the environment may be appealing the rest is fairly sub-standard and broken graphics and clipping are a common issue. It’s also fairly easy to glitch a quest with issues ranging from broken markers through to the quest being impossible to finish effectively breaking the game forcing you to either load an earlier save or start a new game. while the game does have some replay value from joining different factions and completing different quests it could do with some incentive to start a new game such as unlocking (significantly) harder difficulties or additional content. I think that the straw that broke the horses back though was the highly anti-climactic endgame. The last few quests and the final cut scene were extremely disappointing because allot of what you had done to that point seemed to fizzle out leaving you asking the question “what, is that it! What the (inset preferred term to express outrage)!”pros:.interesting environment.the story was great up until the last chapter.fully voiced (though it’s kind of expected in this sort of game these days).interesting characters not the best ever but still ok.stablecons:.not challenging after a point + various balancing issues.anti-climactic ending and no closer.can bug out on you either quest markers or in a breaking way.poor graphicsIn conclusion I felt that while the game was fun to play it doesn’t feel finished and while I can accept that not all games are going to be polished to a mirror shine they need to pick up the slack in some regard whether that be through the story or the gameplay mechanics and risen 3 ultimately just didn’t do that."
76561198029350376,Recommended,249230,17635774,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,CrackeR,Decided to give this RPG a go since it was on sale and i am impressed! Had to literally FORCE myself to save and get some sleep!!!! Lots of fun and choices make a difference too.  For the price i suggest you try it!!!!
76561198143126692,Not Recommended,249230,11733437,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,valevergonzo,"Firstly, although my game time says 4 hours, my save file says 6. 6 hours of gameplay might not be enough to properly review this game, it seems to be improving, but is all the time I am willing spend here for now. I bought this game based on the various reviews here swearing that the game will get better, but honestly, who wants to go through 5 or 6 hours of gameplay before having fun?The combat is clunky. The attacks are not responsive, the characters go through pirouettes, leaps and lunges to deliver a single blow. At the beginning of the game the delay between the strikes in your 3-hit combo are long enough to allow the enemy to interrupt you every single time. You will be reduced to using the same hit and roll tactic for next 3 hours, whittling away at the enemy's health while your companion does most of the heavy lifting... Unless the companion AI suddenly decides to stop attacking or has gotten stuck somewhere, in that case whittle away.On the other hand, as you progress you acquire new types of weapons and skills that really add up to the combat. It can still be frustrating, but after 5 hours or so (your mileage might vary depending on the places you visit first and how you develop your character) you start to see where the combat is trying to go. I do not if it eventually gets there, I will update this review when I revisit the game.This might be surprising, but the combat isn't what finally pushed me away from the game. It is the conversation that did it for me, and that is quite sad because they went through the effort of voicing pretty much everything. The problem is that the conversations meander so much, there are so many exchanges in one conversation branch that hold no value, they don't develop the characters, they don't introduce lore, nor do they mimic normal conversation. It is really, baffling how much extra effort went where it needed to.I understand that a complaint for the previous game was the lack of voiced acting or how little voice acting there was, I am not too sure about this, but regardless, there is just too much useless and pointless dialogue in this game, but I might have been able to take if it wasn't for the horrible voice acting.  That's right, there is awkward writing being voiced very badly. This is the first time that this has affected my gameplay so much that I have stopped playing.All that said, the game has the potential to improve plenty, perhaps by the 15th hour everything else would be sufficiently enjoyable that you can look past the scrip and voice acting, but if that is the case, it would be better to wait for this game to go on sale, currently it isn't worth the asking price."
,Not Recommended,249230,29126096,Posted: 8 January,all,Skeletor,"I really, REALLY wanted to like this game. Hell, it was a new Piranha Bytes release, and I LOVE these devs. However, I'm not sure what's going on with them after seeing this. Sadly, I would have taken more consideration into pre-ordering it had I known what Risen 2 ended up being, as PB in my opinion has had a relatively solid track record with their games, with titles that were at least good enough for me to pitch in and support them, and that's saying something in most cases.I've been a Piranha Bytes fan to the core when it comes to their RPGs since I had the manual dexterity to use a keyboard, and Gothic was actually my first RPG experience. Even to this day, I have a hard time finding games in the RPG sector that manage to captivate me as much as G1 and G2 did.However, this isn't a Gothic 1 or Gothic 2 review. This is a Risen 3 review, so let's get on with it.What really ruined it for me:The Combat-   -   -   -   -   -This was the first thing I noticed when I began playing the game, and I have to say PB fell flat on their face with this one. First and foremost, the main character has about as much ability in using a sword as a dead cat, and he's about as stalwart as one, too. His attacks have an atrocious wind up that make even the simplest combat situations into an ordeal of timing and hoping the enemies don't hit you first, which brings me to my next subject: Enemies have NO WIND UP to balance this out. Just about everything you encounter and fight in the game will attack you relentlessly and without any kind of delay, meaning that if you go in and swing at the enemy, they can just attack and interrupt you, doing damage and bringing you back to square one. Oh, and that's another thing. EVERYTHING, and I mean EVERYTHING stuns your character. Tiny♥♥♥♥♥beach insect thing? (I still have yet to understand those creatures.) Yeah, their tiny attack will stagger your character the same way you'd expect him to if he got clocked upside the head by Chuck Liddell.As a whole, this results in an absolutely infuriating combat experience that was one of the main reasons I had to put the game down for good. It's completely unbearable, and frankly I've come to expect far more from these developers.Now, I know, I've seen it everywhere. People could say that Gothic's combat was just as awful, if not worse, but there's a key difference there: Gothic's combat is anything but horrible, for one. If anything, it's about all you should expect from an RPG from around the year 2000; on the other hand, this game from 2015 manages to have combat that, unlike Gothic, doesn't just take a bit of time to get a hang of, but instead is completely impossible to work with and that, in my opinion, makes the experience null and void. I even used cheats to increase my combat skill in hopes of making my character's attacks worthwhile, and even THIS did absolutely nothing whatsoever.In terms of major flaws, this really is the only one, and it manages to be so outstandingly, so GLORIOUSLY bad that the game is completely ruined by it.Now, the game has some things that I like about it, namely the fact that it really does feel like a Piranha Bytes game still. The dialogue, characters, world, and music all still make me feel like I'm playing a good old PB game, but once I get into a fight I simply can't force myself to get through the whole thing.Now, for an open recommendation for the developers and a closing statement:You clever ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s have given me gaming experiences throughout my entire life, and I absolutely adore you all for it. I've often burst out in laughter from the Hero's dialogue options and an NPC's response, as well as the numerous easter eggs and goodies you leave lying around. This, just as often as I've have slammed my fist down on my desk in frustration from the challenging and punishing, yet rewarding combat experience, but this game hardly managed to do any of that for me, as the whole thing was sadly cut short by its one fatal flaw.When I say this next bit, I want you guys to know (and this goes to other readers as well) that I'm not just putting on the nostalgia blinders; I just know a working formula when I see it.Hypothetically, if you lot made another RPG, regardless of if it's Risen or something new entirely, and you used the same formula for G1 and G2 (here's where you could call me out on nostalgia blindness, if it weren't for the fact that an overwhelming number of your fans will show agreement) and adapted it for a modern market, using a newer engine with better graphics and the like, it would probably end up being another great installment; and, when I say 'formula' I'm talking about everything that made the first two Gothic games what they were, from the controls to the stats. Hell, you could make it on the old G2 engine and it'd probably still be great, but if there's one thing I'll admit, it's that the controls, while not inherently bad and not in need of outright change, could definitely use a tune up to make it feel a bit more fluid and responsive.At this point, I doubt anything in the paragraph above will happen, but I do sincerely believe it'd do the team a lot better than what they're going with as of now. Some things don't need to change, and it really does seem like the games started going downhill once the controls went through the big overhaul they did starting with Gothic 3, which changed the other two games' main control drawback of being somewhat stiff at times and generally feeling rather old-school to making the whole thing just feel outright clumsy. Risen 3 seems to have marked the apex of this clumsiness, and it's so atrocious that I couldn't even recommend this to my worst enemy.Hopefully this review shed some light for players on the fence about getting it and why I sincerely believe they should just go to GOG and buy one of the Gothic games instead. (It's probably obvious which two I recommend.) If you can be a proper human and adapt to the controls that are most definitely different from what most are accustomend to, you'll find what is an experience that is worlds better than what this title provides, and possibly one that you may find unforgettable."
,Recommended,249230,12690087,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,decivodennio,"beautiful. just finished what i'm hoping is not the last pirahna bytes game. and even though i don't really write reviews and am new to steam i figured the newest edition to my favorite series deserves a shout out. i discovered risen 1 a couple years ago in a bargain bin and didnt expect much... just a no name company with what looked like a simplistic, guided rpg.... i was surprised at the little details put into it that i had never seen before and a friend told me about gothic.  my next was gothic 3 which to this day is my favorite game right up there with skyrim, fallout 3, kotor.their games seem to get a lot of flack, and i think that is mostly for the combat system... which i always thought was fine. no this isn't a world where you start off hacking through hoards of enemies seamlessly, if you want an action game... get an action game.if you want a role-playing experience where you are put into the shoes of a character and asked to build them and guide them through a process than all of their games are great(though don't get the steam version of gothic 2 one of the steam patches broke it and it stopped booting in the fifth chapter for me..... all my disc versions have been fine though)first off, all their games are 'deceptively' open world. meaning, you look at a mini map( in the later ones) and see roads and mountains and assume you are supposed to take those roads. one of the things i find so wonderful about their games is: yes, they offer a road.... but if you don't follow it they reward you.risen 3 doesn't have the greatest feeling of accomplishment and i think that may be do to making teleporting easier. teleportation stones used to be a big prize and this feels more similar to arcania.... too many stones means you aren't excited about it any more. though that could just be compared to gothic 3 which had the biggest moment of ""score!"" of any game i had ever played with finding all 6 druid stones when people online would all swear their were only 5 and the mentioning of the 6th was a bug. finding something that the internet hadn't found for years... that makes a game stick with you.this one didn't have as many of those moments, unlocking unlimited flying and the 'reach far away objects' hand were my biggest. but it still sticks true to its roots and gives a gaming experience that rewards exploration. and player control of the leveling process.this is easier than it's predecessors, but their games are all designed to be hard at the beginning and easy later on and i think that is brilliant. there is nothing more annoying than leveling up only to have enemies take longer to kill.... ok i don't play games for the repetitious hack and slash. i play for the character development and story... i'm one of those weirdos that reads all the game books and listens to what the characters say. i like games that let you ease in, explore cautiously, and then once you have been everywhere don't make you repeat things.i think the biggest annoyance in the game was the knife mini game, sometimes my knives would be sticking out of the board and i get no points -_- that and the one character that i got, started a quest with... then he leaves.other than those things, risen 3 like its predecessors is a game that gives what it gets. if you run through the trails, don't care about dialogue, and are only there to kill things than you will get a shallow action experience. take that extra time to climb that highest peak, to fly in between shadow minions, to read the items in your inventory. and you find a game that people put effort into. which is more than can be said for most of what comes out today."
76561198074114204,Recommended,249230,22887114,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,-Tatico-,"I've played and finished Risen and Risen 2, and as a fan, I think that this game is even better then my spectations. In Risen 3 they brought back the elements most missed from the first game, in addition to the things that already had in the second game. If you played Risen 1 and Risen 2 you must think already that the change of the charaters appearance is kinda common from game to game. But I don't want to discuss about that.Well, risen 3 showed a big advance on the mechanics of the plot for two reasons: In the previous games there were only 2 factions to choose (Risen: Monastery and Bandit Camp| Risen 2: Inquisition and the Natives) and in Risen 3 you'll have 3 factions (guardians, demon hunters and voodoo warriors) and also you can choose the side that you will be (of the humans or of the demons) that is decided according to what you do to people. And the second is that the faction and the side that you choose will interfere on the main story of the game.The game brought back also the crystal and rune magic from the first game, without letting away the voodoo magic. It also has new kinds of weapons based on the first game.With so many things that are based on the first and second game, we can say that Risen 3 is the sum of the others, with some things more.The bad thing about this game that dissapointed me a lot was that the game is TOO EASY. when I got near to 50% I whas almost invencible for any creature in any amount, I even had to put in the max dificulty to keep enjoying the game, but it didn't changed much, not even on the final boss."
76561198057627144,Recommended,249230,11692891,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Sindral,"Alright I do not usually do reviews as you can see, but I thought this game deserved one. First and foremost I am coming to love this game and I hated, absolutely hated the first and second game. I actually just gave both of them to my friend on the day I bought them. I am honestly unsure why I dis-liked the first game, something about it just pushed me away so severely I could not stand it.. That for me at least was fixed in this one.It is fun, I enjoy all the stories and quests and silly little things you can find, despite some bad voice acting at times I do actually like the voice acting and I love the things the main character says. All in all I love this game, but I have one gripe. Honestly the combat is really lacking, even if it is an improvement. No matter how good you seem to get with the combat, you are nearly guaranteed to get hit a couple times fighting a group of two (or three if you have a companion) and if you are fighting a group of three or up you will not avoid damage. That is just how it is. Combat does not allow you to get good enough to really protect yourelf while you deal damage. I found dodging to be more effective than blocking after a bit but still, it was just impossible to really avoid damage... Which really sucks to me because I liked to play games ""perfectly"" if you will. No mistakes and such. That doesn't matter in this game.But anyway, like I said I love this game, it is great, just don't expect to be to awesome in combat. You will be able to deal pretty heavy damage eventually though. 8/10 for me, only combat holds this game back in my eyes."
,Recommended,249230,22781070,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos","Yeah it's clunky you heard about it and there are a lot of pirates (again) and well ending and story aren't really good.Still it's worth playing if you like games  like this notably Gothic or Risen -type exploration games.There is a good amount of playtime with fun leveling and hidden loot, different factions and so on.I had a great time scavenging the landscape for items, running from monsters only to come back stronger later and slay them.I sneak and steal stuff and beat people up. What's not to like here."
76561198123458228,Recommended,249230,29236762,Posted: 13 January,all,RIEDEN,"I don't know why so many bad reviews..Open world with a lot of exploring.. same as any Risen seriescombat is nearly same as Risen 1 and 2 (weird but simple)Graphics, voice acting and story mostly as any risen game (mid-core at best)So you get what you expect.. 15$ seams reasonble, but with sales its for 5$  (Super cheep comparing the content)If you looking for best experience go for witcher.. if you just want typical Risen experience then i recommend this game"
,Recommended,249230,24547152,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Amish Royalty,Almost rage quit this game thinking that the combat was terrible. TIME. YOUR. CLICKS. After you learn to do that the game is great. Lots of quests. Lots of sidekick (or not) choices. Fun characters and your sister has huge boobs.
,Recommended,249230,22892412,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Sad Bday KOKO,Have you noticed that most of the horrible reviews haven't even managed to play more than an hour of the game? They complain about the combat system which apparently is hard? Dawg just string your simple combo and block it's like every other game except your attacks can be interrupted.
,Recommended,249230,22835076,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,✎ⱴℴȶℯ,"Risen 3 - Titan Lords is a fantastic game. The story is very exciting and it is incredibly exciting to follow the story. (This is my first Risen part I played, so unfortunately I can not compare this game with the predecessors.) The first impressions were very good, the graphics looks beautiful, the characters have humor, and as already mentioned, fits the story perfectly. If a fourth part should appear, I'll buy it to me in any case."
76561197963641457,Recommended,249230,11681963,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,DrStein,"First impressions....objectively balanced!I've only parted five hours of my life, to Risen: Titan Lords. With these three hours, I must confess. I'm sold! However, I will admit faults where they are due. I'll outline the good, the bad and the ugly.The Good1) Shiny enviroments to look at! Crystal clear water, and reflective water bring life to the world. Much improved over number 2 in the series.2) Combat mechanics, the skill system is similiar to Dark Waters. They've improved on the ""wheel"" so to speak.3) UI layout, it's simplistic and opitmized. You wont feel, it's a waste of space. Since it barely takes away from the visual sights.4) The music, it's well done.5) Swaggity swag, more swag than you could possibly swag out to.The Bad1) Sounds and atmospheric immersion. Combat sounds are sub-par. The enviroment sounds, just seem off. I know, pervious incarnations have had these issues. Hopefully, patches/mods will fix it.2) LOS on enemies, so far mobs just seem to see you at a ridiculous range. Sneaking, definitely helps trim that. Movement can be awkward and disorienting at first. Just need to adjust.3) Lack of interface options for fullscreen mode. Game started out windowed, I had to ini file, fix it. Not a major deal, but easily fixable via placed in-game options.4) Character identity confusion? Okay, minor spoiler...you're not the nameless hero from the other games. Yet, you're with Patty and the character is Steelbeards son. However, you're still nameless. I call him ""Ted Dos Lagos"" we get it Piranha Bytes, you don't name the ""heroes"". I'm sure, ya'll over there have some inside joke about it. It's from the Gothic days, and eventually the heroes name get's revealed.The Ugly1) Claw monkeys!2) Facial expressions and animations. They just don't really have a quality feel, it's irky. The combat animations, aren't amazing. Yet, it could've been better. I know, the guys at Piranha Bytes, have it in them.3) Lesser polished look on model textures and meshes for bodies They took a step backwards, this go around. Dark Waters, had really nice textures and meshes. I will admit, the armor looks pretty dope, which helps overlook the body.4) Dead Veggies, you'll spot dead vegetation on living healthy plants here and there...it's weird to see. I know it adds immersion, it just looks off. Minor gripe of mine.5) The dialogue, lots of sarcastic remarks. Lots of profanity for profanity sake. Sailors, like doing that. The voice acting is ugly, but it's not terrible.7.5/10Overall, based on my first impressions. It's solid follow-up to Dark Waters. It needs some patching, needs some shiny boot polish, needs a bath. However, it's Risen the only successor to Gothic. You get, what you pay for. If you're a true zealot of the old Gothic series, whom are rare. Give the Risen franchise some more thought and maybe even you can help improve it. I will say, we'll never have another Gothic II. I'm okay with that too. I genuinely feel, the guys/gals at Piranha Bytes, have the best intentions at heart for their products.Edit: I'm just going to add, if you do still enjoy Gothic II, in all of it's fantastic glory. There are a few mods out there. The community is dim and with little life, I know World of Gothic closed their doors. Folks, are out there though. Just need to try and find them."
,Recommended,249230,32179369,Posted: 4 June,all,Babypuncher,"Pretty good game.  If you like reasonably open worldish RPG gaming, the Risen series in general puts up some respectable offerings, with Risen 3 being the prettiest, most polished and most colorfully diverse of the lot."
76561198063022643,Recommended,249230,12657240,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,magna,"Disclaimer: I like all the Piranha Bytes games. They have their own atmosphere, hand-crafted environment and rough dialogues. Exploration is written in capital letters.This is the third in the Risen series but it's its own fun world. You can explore various very distinct islands, from northern Calador to the tropical island Kila. I don't know any other games that are so much fun just exploring. You run/climb/swim to your next treasure. The NPCs alll have their stories to tell in a lot of quests. The main story is nothing to write home about but I found myself enjoying everything else the game has (like parrot flights and monkey training).A little balancing would have gone a long way: The game is too easy after one third of it.But don't let the Angry Joe Army and metacritic score scare you. If you like exploring and RPGs, this game has it."
76561198027893754,Recommended,249230,11690799,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,GiggleHz,"Good game, but still same problems.PB will never learn apparently..either they are incredibly stupid or stubborn.  They make a good game, with a very detailed believable game world, a workable leveling system, an all around solid open world RPG BUT the combat is horrible, the fighting is just always the weakest link with PB.If you have ever played a PB RPG before you know exactly what to expect.  I am bewildered as to whats up with PB and the fighting in thier games.In this iteration, the guy does overly elaborate second...two second long animations twirling around flipping the sword behind his back before just friggin attacking...Its awkward, badly paced and not very good.  You just spam the dodge key doing acrobatics to get out of harm, then do some long stupid overly fancy attack move when all you want to do is friggin swing your sword at the monster standing infront of you...no need to twirl all over the place...And what ever happened to shields sheesh..."
76561198002949880,Not Recommended,249230,11737340,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Torquadon,"I do not understand why people complain so much about bad voice acting and combat system. All PB games have that problem. I believe it would be appropriate to say that PB games offer specific experience which one will love or hate, if you didn’t like previous ones you will most definitely hate this one. My problem with this game is different, it is ridiculously short and after 25h I have done nearly everything I could. Game feels shorter and smaller then Risen 2. I was expecting that using the same engine etc will allow them to make bigger world, and more quests. I enjoyed time spent with it but I cannot recommend spending GBP40 for game which simply doesn’t deserve it, Adding 30h (I assume that this is how much you need to do everything) to existing game is worth GBP20 at best."
76561198074265033,Recommended,249230,17478503,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,SkillMASTA_974,"PROS:-very nice enviroments, like 95% of the game is beautiful-some areas and dungeons(mines!) are reminiscent of the old Gothic games-good, humorous voice-acting(appplies for the English version)-takes very long to finish if you go through every last corner of the game-the magic returns! so do the factions!-less resource hungry than Risen 2 plus you can sit on chairs again-no actual bugs!In the middle???-a lesser number of different types of weather(it actually rained only the first time I got to Antigua)-not as many particle effects as in previous instalments-combat seemed to be okay until I progressed and had OP means to deal with, well, anything-only 4 chapters -_- bring back 6-chapter games! The game could easily be longer...CONS:-easy even on Ultra difficulty, super easy the second half of the game-Tacarigua is rather dissapointing, the island looks cool, but there is so little to do compared to every other island(even the one with so calledgnoo)- gets too damn easy if you are a completionst like me!-Toughness attribute is broken, you are practically invincible once it's over 90-Final dungeon... there isn't oneRisen 3 is actually comparable to Risen 1 in terms of how much fun I've had playing it. That should give you an insight."
,Recommended,249230,11731473,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Ye sons of shotten herrings!,"(The game took me 35-40 hours to complete, Steam failed to record some of them, so the displayed amount is missing at least 8 hours) If you know Piranha Bytes and their history, you know what you're getting yourself into: A unique and memorable adventure with quirks both major and minor. Virtually everyone would like to see another proper Gothic game, but PB is keeping in mind what the market lacks at any given time and what the publisher may be willing to shell out money for. Back in 2012, it made sense for them to try out a different setting for Risen 2. After all, it had to compete with the likes of Skyrim, and a small studio such as PB has to pick its battles. Risen 2 was a sequel developed from scratch (content-wise) – no easy task, I imagine. They probably could not afford to ditch it all again for Risen 3 and instead opted for a more iterative approach, applying a thin layer of Gothic in the meantime to please the impatient fans. Thus, it feels more like a very large content update to Risen 2 than a true sequel, and PB have not quite delivered on their promise to go back to their roots. I'm not going to talk about story and graphics, as those elements are just solid, do the job and do not stand out to me. What does stand out, is the world.The world:The islands can be visited in any order this time around. They have been lovingly crafted, with many small highlights and cheekily placed treasures waiting to be uncovered. Carefully placed objects tell stories without using words, such as skeletons surrounded by bottles of rum in a secluded spot or a monkey messing around among bananas, voodoo dolls and corpses. There were countless occasions of these enriching little things that never failed to make me smile or ask myself ""WTF happened here?"". The world is teeming with quests (300+ of them) that mostly revolve around fetching and killing stuff. Their presentation through funny and witty dialogue (which does have its cheesy moments) makes them rewarding to complete beyond the glory and loot you get. Swearing is indeed overused, which is a trademark and a welcome recurring theme in the German version, but probably superfluous in the eyes of the English audience. The world and the characters that populate it can suck you in for countless hours at a time. What bothers me is the use of recycled locations from Risen 2 (such as Antigua and Tacarigua), which, apart from the shadow realm's dark taint, retain their Carribean atmosphere.A thin layer of Gothic, weapons & armor:PB promised to go back to their roots and create a darker atmosphere. There were indeed (very short) moments where I felt like I was playing a Gothic game again, largely due to the new locations, factions and their armor sets. Roaming through the swamplands in a demon hunter's armor that looks like a beautiful cross between a dragon hunter's armor (G2) and an Old Camp one (G1) felt great. However, once I returned to my ship and met a parrot named Polly that told me to shave, nostalgia was quickly smothered. There are a few reincarnated minor NPCs from the old games, such as Mud (G1), an annoying, needy motormouth following you around for a bit, and Moe (G2), a violent bully demanding a toll from everyone trying to enter a tavern. Such small instances of fan service kindle hope for a more substantial return to Gothic in the future.Aside from the faction-specific armor sets, there is still a huge emphasis on pirate's clothing. This results in an muddled mixture of epochs and settings in places. Moreover, it's a shame that some stronger versions of armor pieces are just recolorings of the previous ones (e.g. a third-rank demon hunter helmet is a shade lighter than a second-rank one). Re-using assets from within this game and the previous one and applying a different coat of paint to some may be a necessity because of the development team's small size and budget. However, it seriously hurts immersion and they need to apply more polish and care to their equipment in future games.The types of weapons you'll find are again ripped from different eras and settings. There are Gothicesque axes and maces, there is your typical pirate gear and then there are a few questionable design choices. For example, the strongest musket in the game looks like an overdesigned modern-day (scoped...) air rifle that is made of bright, varnished wood. The fact that it says ""way ahead of its time"" in the description doesn't help much. By mixing medieval-looking arms, pirate sabers and fancy guns, PB created a rather incoherent set of tools.Combat:Serviceable, but still rather quirky. You'll find that monsters essentially teleport to your location from 10 meters away and repeatedly knock you back in a straight line. This gives a very rigid and stiff feel to the whole affair when it comes to sword fighting. Thankfully, you can dodge and pick up more moves along the way, but most of the time surviving melee combat felt more like exploitation of design flaws than standing up to a challenge to me. Many have said that it gets better later on as you get stronger and master your timing, but I really wasn't enticed to put up with sword fighting for that long. The fact that they re-introduced offensive magic abilities (painfully absent in Risen 2) adds some much needed flow and diversity. Muskets still provide an easy way to avoid finicky sword fighting and just shoot s#it in the face Indiana Jones style. I would not call them overpowered per say, as they behave and do damage as you'd expect, but still quite out of place in a Piranha Bytes RPG.Conclusion:Piranha Bytes took Risen 2 as a foundation, made it less linear, a little bit better and added a few excellent islands and factions. The result is a fun and engaging, though incoherent pirate game with a hint of Gothic/Risen 1 and plenty of the old PB quirks. That's a little less than I was hoping for, but about what I was expecting. Overall, I'm satisfied with Risen 3 and I can't wait for what future games might have in store."
76561198045224987,Recommended,249230,25226407,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,mrwinn,"Was gluded to the game, sometimes with sweating palms, I guess this gives a great review of a Very well written game with many alternatives plus outcomes, can't wait until Risen 4, if it is in progress makes it's way to Steam"
,Recommended,249230,28743919,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Discotech *in korea,"I loved Gothic 2, but never really ventured out to play any other games by PB.I picked this up on a whim, and I'm completely blown away - in a good way.Yes, the dialogue is cheesy. The script can be bad and jump around. The bugs can be awful, and laughable. You may rage the first time you accidentally back up a palm tree during combat only to fall out and die. You'll get headaches from the twitching textures, and the jittery lighting during cutscenes. You'll think the voice actors are sometimes intentionally trying to be do a bad job. The quality of the character design varies greatly from on to another.But, I still love this game, and for a good many reasons.Combat is excellent. It won't be everyones cup of tea, but its a better twist on difficult than some other games. I hate combat and levelling in Skyrim. I love combat and levelling in this game. It just feels better, and I feel like I'm accomplishing something. Enemy placement is also excellent. The world is dangerous. For example, after returning to the tutorial area after finishing the tutorial. I had killed all the monsters, and was grabbing a shroom from near a pool of water and waterfall. I almost jumped out of my seat when a massive crocodile charged at me. Almost died, but surviving a far stronger enemy after being surprised felt great.I really love the level design. Risen 3 takes relatively small maps, and makes the most of them. I love exploring and trying to find every nook and cranny, because you actually benefit from doing it. Think that ledge over there looks like you can land on it? There's probably some dead dude in a weird position, with some coins and a bottle of rum. Maybe some flowers for some extra stat points. Looks like there is an out of the way beach around a jutting out rock? I bet you'll find some useful loot, and some lore. Found a way onto that roof that makes it seem like you were glitching the game? Nope, devs figured players would do that and planted a few potions/spells.The devs understand me as a player. They know I like to mess with things, and they took it in stride and made their game great.This game won't be everyone's cup of tea, but for me it's up there. I give it an 8/10. Well worth the cost, especially on sale."
,Recommended,249230,24926869,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,salxicha,This is a open world themed pirate game. It is not an AAA but you can have some fun with it and the nice scenary.Although it is a 30 hour game to finish (if you're on completition and doing quests) I only recommend getting the game during sales since it is broke in several aspecs.Combat mechanic is just dumb and the level dificult just raises the health bar from enemies.
76561198115937111,Not Recommended,249230,30459354,Posted: 11 March,all,Darill,"Risen 3 is merely a shadow of former Gothic glory. There is no debt in it, no noticeable choices or visible character development. Risen 3 is reduced to following ""X"" on a map and killing loads of mobs on the way there.I played as a mage, because it had been my favorite playstyle in Gothic nad Risen 1. But magic is dissapointing here. It is simplified to just spaming the left button. There is litterary no choice of spells. You have basic attack spell, heal and AoE. Also there is no mana. Attack spell have instant cast and other spells have cooldowns.Enemies are other thing I found frustrating. They have a ridiculous aggro - when they see you from a distance, they are instantly rushing like crazy.Story of the game is short and forgettable.All in all, I can't recommend this game. It may be interesting for fans of the series, but if you are not Gothic/Risen veteran, go buy Witcher 2/3 instead..."
,Not Recommended,249230,31976847,Posted: 26 May,all,loc,"No.Listen, I played every Gothic on launch and those games were, and still are, some of the best CRPGs out there.  Even Gothic III I spent hours testing .ini settings to make it playable because it was a hot mess when it launched.  I played Risen when it first came out and I loved it even though people complained about the combat, I had zero issues with it and thought it was actual pretty well done.  So hear me when I say  the combat in this game is complete TRASH.  This is not a ""get good"" situation.  Take it from a expert on these games.  The combat is truly a train wreck.My second biggest problem is the voice acting.  While the voice acting for NPCs is quite good, they decided that your character should sound like a constipated retard.  I can normally overlook details like poor voice acting, but this is too hard to ignore.  I dread hearing my character talk as much as I dread getting into combat.For a game that consists largely of dialog and combat this... is just not fun.Last but not least is how quest heavy this game is.  It feels like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ themepark MMORPG where you just get overburdened with stupid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t tasks.  Instead of having that basic open world exploration and freedom that Gothic I, II, and III had, this game is actually very quest centric.  Booooooooring!Anyway I got it on sale and even still it was a waste of $6.  At least I know now not to touch Risen II.Oh well Piranha Bytes.  Thanks for the good years but now I think it's time you go back to what made your games good."
76561198007920369,Not Recommended,249230,11817319,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,markfeather1,"deja vu, what a load a crap. If you like chasing your tale buy this for 40 quid, or you could buy Skyrim and get your moneys worth. not a difficult choice"
,Recommended,249230,34329072,Posted: 18 August,all,Wendy,"The combat is pretty bad, but overall it's a really enjoyable game. about 50 hours playthrough with all the dlc, definitly worth the price.The Enviroment is extremely beautiful and it's fun to ride around on the boat."
76561198154777450,Recommended,249230,30437192,Posted: 10 March,all,gaming2012,"I would definitely recommend this game.The graphics are good, particularly the environment.  There's quite a bit of fun dialog with NPCs and your companions which had me laughing at times, it was entertaining.  There are a lot of side quests which I didn't get to finish all of because I got so focused on completing the main story line.  That's actually a compliment though because I was so focused on the main story because I'd really gotten caught up in it.  Towards the end of the story line I was REALLY wanting to kick the butt of the main bad guy.  In my first play through I focused mainly on melee weapons (swords) and enjoyed the combat.  It wasn't too complicated but at the same time had a nice level of challenge to it that gave you a sense your own skill matttered.  The kill moves were also pretty good (with the possible exception of one where you slit the throat of a skeleton which just seemed silly, but I can live with that when the rest was pretty cool).  There are also a LOT of cut scenes, the developers devoted a lot of time to this and they're generally pretty good.  It gives the game a more cinematic feel which was fun.Okay so that's the good, now for the bad.Not everything is explained very well, so I found myself sometimes just saving, trying things and reloading until I had a sense of what I should do or what was the best decision because the game didn't give me enough info about various skills and so forth to make anything other than a random guess.  Couple of examples.  Spending glory on skills and attributes, I was never entirely sure how important different ones, what the effect of raising one attribute vs another really was or how useful some skills were.  Another example, whether to keep or sell some things I'd gathered.  I gathered a LOT of iron ore, gold ore, etc. but by the end of the game all the gold ore was still sitting in my inventory.  Should I have sold it, was there some crafting I could have done with it but missed, or was it just another form of ""wealth"", I don't know and the game never explained this.  This was my first Risen game experience so perhaps previous games had explained this but, again I don't know.  But for someone coming to the game franchise for the first time some parts of the game were a bit too puzzling.  Overall though these problems didn't stop me from enjoying the game.  Also the game doesn't prevent you from saving at any time you like and you can have as many saves as you wish so you can always just save, experiment with choices and then reload as necessary.There's a lot of weapon choices but your armor / clothing choices were limited so being able customize your character's appearance was likewise limited more than that I would have liked.  (I guess Skyrim has me really spoiled with all the options I got used to there.)   If you have the Adventurer's Garb, which I did, I wore it for much of the game.One other criticism I would have is that once you finish the main story line the game ends, there's no option to continue in a sandbox mode as you can with other games such as Skyrim.  There is a lot to explore and with such an engaging main story line its easy to miss stuff.  But I don't necessarily want to start a new game or go back to one of my many older save points just to finish exploring a richly detailed game world.  So the lack of a sandbox mode after finishing the main story line would have been a plus in my book.Lastly, if the game developers happen to read this I have a small criticism about the game ending.  I don't want to give away any spoilers here so I'm going to be a bit vague.  But, the end cut scene was abrupt and short.  Your hero emerges you briefly see your friends and then it cuts to you sailing away and rolls credits.  As it cuts from seeing your friends to sailing away, that was very abrupt and for a game that had so many well done cut scenes the ending felt a bit anti-climatic and short.  So just wanted to point that out, it could have done with more of a celebration and renunion with your friends and crew at the end after such a big final battle.Overall though I'd very much recommend the game.  All the important aspects of the game worked, nothing felt broken to me or unfinished.  I had a lot of fun exploring the world the game presents, getting to know the NPCs, forming alliances and making enemies.  Some of the sarcastic dialog was just FUN, it was nice to play a game where you really could tell an NPC, ""Hey, you know you're a moron, right?""  LOL"
76561198080521017,Recommended,249230,25374059,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,kiwi8224,"When I first started playing this game, I had just clocked Witcher 3 , and I thought it rather tame. However, the more I played , the more I got engrossed in it , and then I could'nt stop playing it. I'm doing this review as I've finally completed Risen 3 and found it to be both challenging and joyful. The main story line is like no other and held my interest right to the last battle.(Which was a battle royal ) There are heaps of side quests and lots of unusual skills to aquire and learn. I would recommend this game to everyone."
,Not Recommended,249230,11817384,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Oneiron,The combat system in this game is so bad I can't really recommend it to anyone. Really disappointing.
76561197997209020,Recommended,249230,13519489,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Scorpion,"worth every $ spent! i just finished as voodoo pirate now gonna start again as a gurdian!!if u buy this game say goodbye to ur social life!ohh and if ur a fan of the gothic series this game is just PERFECT! it has tons of gothic-alike stuff.. for example the 3 factions, but now u acctualy feel diffrenet and not only ur armor loland the fighting system is amazing! for pirahana bytes its the best lol, its just brutal the combination of melee and magic here! plus u dont really have to choose ur class (warrior, mage, rouge, etc..) u can just mix ur own class lol and im not even kidding. pirahna bytes usualy forced the player to choose a class.. but now u have alot more freedom and the world does feel alive. i really recommend this game to every gothic series fan out there! try the risen series! and ofc the risen 3 lol"
76561198038892067,Recommended,249230,13619708,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,kaay,"Risen 3 offers great entertainment value. It was designed to be fun and enjoyable to play for a more casual gamer, or a gamer that enjoys some pleasant and relaxed gameplay once in a while.What sets this game apart from other action-rpgs is the beautiful handcrafted world that is a joy to explore, no other developer can compete with Piranha Bytes in this respect.The game offers a light-hearted story that is well told, and a lot of side quests.You eventually get a good ship and start building your crew of companions, each with their own stories, personalities and side quests.The assortment of skills and spells is very nice and varies somewhat depending on what faction you chose to join.The character progression is fairly fast compared to previous games.The one thing that is most important about the combat is to NOT tap the attack button repeatedly. Tap once, wait for the move to reach its peak then tap again, with a bit of practice you will get the timing which is very forgiving. You can also tap by listening to the sound. The dodge move has 100% invincibility window, making it very efficient when you want to get away from a tough spot.If you are looking for pleasant gameplay and good entertainment this is the best game you can get."
76561198004621118,Not Recommended,249230,14404906,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Phaiden,This game is ok. After I completed one of the faction quests and started another. I just can't bring myself to finishing the game because the melee combat is very limited. This is going to be the second game ever that I have not finished.
76561198105445916,Not Recommended,249230,31385290,Posted: 26 April,all,Fugitive Mind,"The only Risen game I haven't finished. It's not a particularly bad RPG, but it's too streamlined for new players while failing to hold onto old ones. The combat is simplistic compared to previous games (or even Gothic), the story is boring, the islands aren't that fun to explore, and the environment isn't that interesting (despite how beautiful the game is).I recommend picking up Risen or Risen 2 over this title, or maybe even any game within the Divinity series; all are far superior."
76561197983061677,Recommended,249230,25259958,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Feuermeister X,"For some reason, Piranha Bytes games tend to be underrated. I love the art in this game, the tropical scenery is fantastic to look at. Lots and lots of quests, hidden objects, places to explore. Very good combat, definitely more challenging that what you find in Bethesda games. Three factions to choose from, with different play styles (mages = pure magic, demon hunters = melee with magic buffs, voodoo = melee with curses). Strange design choice for what concerns progression: the game starts pretty brutal, but while enemies always remain the same, you become more and more powerful, until you basically enter god mode.Anyway, having a blast with this game, and will probably play it again on hard after completion, picking a different faction. Comes highly recommended, especially considering the budget price it can be bought for now."
76561198142637977,Recommended,249230,12907123,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,The Fallen Titan,"I thought overall this game was very entertaining. I thought the voodoo Pirates guild could've used more content, simply for the fact that it was dwarfed by the content of the other 2 Guild oriented islands. Aside from that and a few scenery glitches, the game was well rounded and the fighting system was smooth."
76561198000890690,Recommended,249230,13628978,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Browbeat,"If you like good RPGs with an open world and basically no limitations as to what you can do (in the sense of it being anything but linear, once you got through the ""tutorial"" missions), I can highly recommend this game.The graphics might not be the best, but the world still looks beautiful and, as it is common for Piranha Byte games, it has a lot love for the details.This leads to the game actually creating an intense atmosphere, that you can cut with a sword.If you liked Gothic or the other Risen games, you should definitively give Risen 3 a try. It is doing (almost) everything right, that Gothic and Risen did and it eliminated a lot of flaws of its predecessors."
76561198004022855,Recommended,249230,25191033,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,maldorf,If you liked the other Risen games then this does follow in the franchise foot steps. I think it is an under rated game. It runs flawlessly with no crashes and the graphics/sound are good. The story is a bit weak but there are lots of great characters and many side quests to follow. I got a good 56 hours of playtime doing all of the dlc and most of the side quests. Many of the sidequests are fetch this and that but there is enough variety to keep you interested. Combat again is more or less hack and slash if you play as melee as I do.My biggest complaint is the ending which is rather anticlimatic. Otherwise this is a decent game.
76561198013739926,Recommended,249230,22209351,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,TheXell,"The Combat is sadly still like Risen 2's and not as good as the first Risen's, wich had the best combat of PB's games, Gothic series included.Though it seems that PB doesn't even WANT you to use melee combat since every class gets the option to use powerful magic that is superior to melee in every conceivable way.Like Risen 2, I ended up not hating this game simply through picking the most fun class/playstyle there was (back then it was the gunslinger, this time its the mage.) Though as I said, every class can do everything, which sadly means your decision of who to join in the first half of the game is just fluff, especially when you take into consideration that even the few spells that only a certain faction teaches are still abundantly available as scrolls. This also means that the game doesn't lend itself well to multiple playthroughs.Now, all that sounds pretty negative, but everything else here is at least solid. I liked most of the quests and NPCs, the dialogue and interactions are fun, the magic is satisfying to use (though that is partially by virtue of being overpowered) and the presentation, while not amazing, still works in creating distinct and cool looking environments.All in all, while I still cant wholeheartedly recommend this game to people that are - understandably- still sour about Risen 2, its a step in the right direction and I want to see where PB takes the series."
,Recommended,249230,12027270,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Sinathor,"I just finished Risen 3 - Titan Lords for the second time, so I feel comfortable writing a review.Risen 3 is a vast improvement over Risen 2, although I did like Risen 2 myself as well, but what can I say, I've loved PB's games ever since Gothic 2. While I do admit Risen series has been a lot worse than the original Gothic trilogy, they are still great games in their own sense. At first Risen 3 feels more like an expansion of Risen 2. Lots of assets have been recycled and even a few areas have been brought over from Risen 2. Luckily, however, that feeling vanishes pretty fast when you notice that the recycled areas aren't really that important and all the main areas are brand new, and then you notice how much better Risen 3 does everything. So it ends up feeling like Risen 2 but only less♥♥♥♥♥♥ Risen 3 is a lot bigger than Risen 2, and more refined in almost every aspect. The combat is great, the exploration is awesome and the world is actually open this time around.It isn't without its problems however. My biggest problem with the game is that it is WAY -WAY- ---WWWAAAAYY--- too easy! It's alright in the beginning if you play without a companion, but it becomes faceroll in the end. Even on hard. On my second playthrough as a voodoo pirate, I managed to max out all my stats. All 8 stats! Maxed! Why is this even possible?So the balance is ♥♥♥♥ed. It doesn't ruin the game, but it takes away all the tension from the last quarter of the game. Possibly even earlier if you use companions, or something else than melee. In order to get a satisfying challenge out of the game, you pretty much have to shoot yourself in the foot, by not using alchemy or companions. Alchemy is probably the biggest criminal here. It is so ridiculously overpowered it's insane.Economy balance however, is amazingly well made. There's never enough money if you really want to get the most out of skills. If you're fine with a few skills here and there, you might end up with some extra pocket change, but that wasn't the case for me. The moment I got 10k money, I used them right away, and there were so much more I wanted.Graphically there's a lot to say as well. The graphics are all over the place. The game looks dated and runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ I got it running on reasonable fps only after tweaking a lot of the ConfigDefault.xml file. The level design which PB has always been amazing at, is also bit of a let down. Some places are extremely gorgeous, but some places are hideous. There's also a few narrow canyon paths too many for my taste.The story is.... Well... The story is. It just is. It exists, but isn't important on any level. I have never cared much about PB's storylines, but I've always loved the world, and the history of it. And here it's interesting enough to keep exploring. But the storyline itself is completely irrelevant and forgettable. Combine that with a pointless ending and that's it. But it isn't the meat of the game anyway so who cares?Some of you guys played the DLCs of Risen 2? Remember how♥♥♥♥♥♥they were? Well, the DLC of Risen 3 was a massive positive surprise to me, because both Fog Island and Uprising of the Little Guys are awesome. I enjoyed both of them thoroughly. So those are recommended if you don't have them. Nothing to say about Adventure Garb. It's a pile of gear that I don't use because it's too good for the beginning of the game. As if the game wasn't easy enough.So all in all, it's better than Risen 2, but the difficulty holds it down. I loved it. If you're a PB fan, chances are you'll love it too. If you're not a PB fan however, you probably won't like it. I hate to see people bashing the game when they've never liked PBs games. Why do you expect this one to change your mind? The ""mistakes"" people claim PB makes, are all things that have always been around, and if they were magically fixed, I doubt it would be the same thing anymore. Which would make the old fans disappointed. Even moreso than they already are.So yeah. I love it.Sinathor out."
76561198050458416,Not Recommended,249230,11692244,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,FunKenGReuvEN,"I would not suggest purchasing this game yet (8/12/14). It has yet unresolved bugs with no fix to-date. It needs work supporting multiple resolutions and processors with more than 4 cores. There is a work around which I used to play it somewhat. From what I've seen so far, this should be a $30 game, not a $50 game. I think of it as a poor-mans AC4. There are some very frustrating traits like followers that are stuck to you so close you can't cllick on anything in the environment without the game thinking you're talking to the follower. The fighting mechanics are clunky, and the story-line is very confusing with no idea of what you need to do. In summary, a $30 game, not a $50 game..."
,Not Recommended,249230,11873701,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Mordock,"I want to say to anyone who likes rpg's like skyrim and The Witcher, or Dragon Age/Mass Effect... Do not be fooled, this game is a waste of your time, money, and life force. It will pull you in because you spent the money, only to make you depressed and searching the forums for refund policies. Do yourself a favor and just say no. Wait for the next game that's actually good. Please listen to me. You will not like this game, don't make the same mistakes I did. I want my $49 back, but it's gone, and with it my pride for making such a poor game purchase Decision. TRUST ME I WOULDNT TELL YOU IF IT WERENT TRUE. I've been playing games for 20 yrs, it's okay. Pass this one up."
,Recommended,249230,11699799,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,8===D~~,I'm one of fanboy Gothic and Risen series. Now risen 3 titan lords release. After playing along 3 hours I can said this game is the one of best game for me. GLHF it worth for the price.
,Recommended,249230,11731605,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,sonnislimm,"They took it back to The Ol Skool, u have to work to progress but the progress feel very rewarding, especially after joining a faction, great game to keep u busy exploring for ever, plus sidequests galore, seem like everyone wants u to help them do sumthin lol. All in all 8/10"
76561198058038005,Not Recommended,249230,25307234,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Walrus Dentist,I have never played an RPG with worse combat. What were they thinking!!Even on sale for $5 I feel ripped off. I am not willing to expend my time learning a broken system.It's not too much to expect workable combat mechanics from the beginning of a game. Apparently the combat gets ridiculously easy as you level up. But that's just the opposite of what you want in a game. You want an easy beginning to introduce you to the game with rewarding difficult combat as you progress. This system is a fail in my book.Also the game world and story so far are not particularly interesting. Not enough at any rate for me to be able to recommend this game.
,Recommended,249230,30325373,Posted: 4 March,all,ws10ev,An ok RPG. I recommend it only if it is on sale.
,Recommended,249230,29192569,Posted: 11 January,all,Artaxeus,"Just finished the game, I had good time palying it, especially the first 3 chapters, but after that the game felt super easy and got a bit boring, maybe because I did a lot of grinding and tonnes of sidequests, other than that, the game is really good and fun, especially if you are a Gothic fan, it has its downsides though, and sometimes it can be frustrating.Good:True open world (just like Gothic series, the world is completely open, no restrictions and other kind of tricks).Beautifully crafted levels.A lot of sidequests (even though some of them are pointless).Good graphics (some scenes are really beautiful).The world feels alive.Monster models are cool, I really liked it.Player is free to choose its path (can choose to be evil, or good).Voice acting is good (in my opinion).Swords, guns, bows & crossbows, magic... its a mix of everything.NPCs are nice and funny.Gothic feel is there but its still not Gothic :(Neutral:Story isn't the greatest (its completely personal though).A lot of swearing when NPCs talk (it got boring after a while hearing all the f**ks & craps. Gothic had done it right without all the crap talk).Negative:The game gets easy once you master a fighting skill.There aren't a lot of enemy varieties.Loot items are just meh.Stealth isn't as good as in Gothic, guards and NPCs won't beat the hell out of you when you sneak in front of them.Weapon/armor variety is very limited.Optimization isn't the greatest.No SLI support (that's optional though, there aren't a lot of people who runs 2 graphics cards).Overall game felt too easy after chapter 3.I think Risen 3 is a good RPG in its own category, it isn't the greatest game but it isn't bad either.It was worth my time and money, so I'm giving thumbs up."
76561198045718754,Recommended,249230,11718826,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,RipTheJacker,"first of all I think this game is great, it looks great, in terms of visually it is very polished, i havent seen any flashing textures even far in the distance like you do in skyrim, colors are vibrant, and nothing looks out of place the art style is attractive.i dont know why alot of people are complaining about combat, sure its not the best combat system ever created, but its not boring and hopefully it will get some tweaking, think the witcher 2 when it first came out. the voice acting is great, only very rarely do i think that the script detracts from immersion, I did have some trouble with the game at launch, the game would not save, so i had to restart it like 10 times before i finnally figured out how to fix it, add me as a friend if u have this same trouble and i will tel u how to fix it. but olther than that, the world is vast, offering many choices of where to start your journey once u pass the first chapter, YES this game does take a while before you start to feeel even a little powerful, to get magic and abilities takes a while, but that is all in good fun, lets u explore first and doesnt hand you victory very easily. there is as plethora of people to talk to that can teach you different things, and they are located everywhere, not in just one place like in most rpgs. tho the important combat stuff is mostly close by the faction you choose. This game is not a rushed cheap experience like many think. I think this is the best effort of this franchise and while i havent come close to finishing it, I am having fun and not regretting the money spent."
,Recommended,249230,11986369,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Lycanthrope,"Risen 3 is a wonderful RPG that expands so well on what made the Gothic series so great.Lots to explore, lots to do, multiple factions to side with and magic's back, baby!Piranha Bytes continue to make that special kind of RPG that just wins me over every time.I love that it's not some cookie-cutter generic series; I love that there's so much to do in the world; I love the combat, the magic, the quests and the crafting.I suppose that these games are either ""love it"" or ""hate it"" games--you either ""get"" them or, well, you don't. And if you don't... well, that's a shame."
76561198098090097,Recommended,249230,17926705,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,LaserBee,"Risen 3 marks off the end of an era in the Risen-series. As far as I'm aware, there won't be another one. However, that doesn't matter since this final game finishes the series close to perfectly. From the first moment of playing Risen to this last moment of Risen 3, the series has made me replay the games several times, that's how good they are.There are a few noticeable differences between Risen 3 and Risen/Risen 2, apart from improved graphics of coure. In Risen 3, the combat is slightly different, as many people before me has noticed aswell. While the combat in itself is very cool and not very hard, your character is pretty weak and your NPC companion has to help you quite a bit. At least in the beginning.In Risen 3, you don't play as the character from the previous games. You play as Patty's brother, who I hadn't heard about before playing Risen 3. But that doesn't matter too much since you get to know him during the game and there's a little surprise somewhere in the game if you've played the other games...I highly recommend playing this game if you've played the former Risen games first, if you haven't. you risk losing out on a lot of the precious story. The combat gets better and better the more you play and it's the kind of game you just want to keep playing, even after finishing it. Even more so since there are different factions that you can join, changing the gameplay for every playthrough (to a certain point)."
76561197994532960,Not Recommended,249230,30836050,Posted: 30 March,all,bleeker66,I have to say I'm disapointed with the game being so buggy. I eventualy gave up playing since there is game breaking bug and i'm not willing invest any more time trying to figure out how to sort it or bypass it.I always loved Gothic / Risen franchise and was hugh fan. But I have had enough. Risen 3 is not worth money nor effort and time.Hands Off.
,Recommended,249230,25711022,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Lee,"Despite all the flaws you might encounter, I like this game a lot more than the previous one. For me, it catches the Gothic spirit and sense of adventure in a hostile world. If you liked previous Piranha Bytes games, you should like it as well."
,Recommended,249230,11684418,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,[TAW] Derisat Hartfelt,"*NEW REVIEW UP-New Review after 20+ hours in the game-I'm going to write this review from a Gothica/Risen fans PoV. You will have to understand PB games to appreciate this game. it is a niche game for players who like hard combat Action RPG's like Dark Souls.-For returning players from the Gothica/Risen universe, PB made a solid game in Risen 3. The engine is a more efficient less buggy redo of Risen 2, so the graphics and physics are techinaly the same but have now been recoded for less bugs, locked high frame rates, and less stress on your hardware. So if you're looking for a new top of the lin graphics engine on par with a PS4 game don't expect much. The Game was released on 360/ps3/WinPC, so it's made for last gens hardware.You play a new hero, you are not the nameless figure from Risen 1 and 2, but instead you are one of the sons of Captain Steelbeard, your sister is Patty and you start off the game together.==FOR NEW PLAYERS==Pirahna Bytes, aka PB, is known for making EXTREMELY STORY driven RPG's with DIFFICULT COMBAT mechanics. Not combat thats clunky, but combat that reflects starting off as a new character, as you gain skills in combat training you will notice the improvement and growth of your character. If you're new to this kind of game, then the start of the game (first 4 hours) will be a pain in the butt for you. But you will feel your character grow and get a real sense of accomplishment as you gain more skills and stats. It's one of the staples of PB games and it makes it a very niche genre not unlike Dark Souls is a niche genre. I highly suggest purchasing Risen 1 since it's dirt cheap and has no DLC to get a feel for PB games. if this is your first PB game and you don't like the game style you will feel ripped off, but I don't feel ripped off, I love it.==COMBAT==Combat will be more in line with Risen 1, then in Risen 2. More emphasis on dodging, and reading opponents ques, understanding when they combo attacks and when what they do when you dodge, moving in combat to avoid getting ganged up on, and choosing when to attack is key. Unlike Risen 2 you will not be able to move from Parry to Attack seamlessly, lending a step of difficulty more in line with traditional PB games. Which for PB fans is great, Risen 2 had hard reviews from PB veterans for making the game more cupcake and less hardcore. So Risen 3 is a step in the right direction.==CRAFTING==Unlike Risen 1 and 2, weapon crafting actually has a USE in this game. A new feature is that you take some of the misc items and combine them with weapons to make a better weapon (Thrusting sword + 2 silver plates+6 iron ore) gets you a Disked Epee, with better stats of couse, it is very money effecient. This is also in line with Guns, Muskets, and all melee weapons, even with the unqiue weapons that require difficult to find parts can be upgraded with lots of rare mats to make superior verions or to change it's damage type. Example the Crest Wave SLASHING sword 55-85 Damage +10 Slashing can be changed to the ""Lightning"" 55-85 Piercing +10 Piercing *and it has electric particle skin and can partialy pierces blocks*Potion crafting is back along with the rare + perm stat potions made from the perm stat ingredients, The raw ingredients give +2, the potions give +5More emphasis on temp buff potions is used since there are more skills to allocate your Glory(XP) too. So expect to use buff potions often to surpass early Lockpicks, Persuade, and Pickpocket checks==GAME LENGTH==24.5 Hours into the game at the time of this review, i am still in chapter 2, I have 4 islands explored,  2 islands un explored, and just started my 5th island. Like a good book, PB games tend to have 3 acts, I have not chosen one of the 3 factions available yet, and don't expect too until I'm near the end of chapter 2. I have only encountered 2 of the main factions so far. The games factions are the Guardians/Mages from Risen 1, the Voodoo Pirates from Risen 2, and the new faction are the Demon Hunters. You will spend hours revisting islands to find more quests, NPC's, loot, buried treasures, and open hidden passages. These do not feel like tacked on back tracking to add game time thank goodness, but honest progression, both in character development and story. I expect to drop 40-55 hours on the campaign easily.==OVER ALL IMPRESSION SCORE==Using 10/10 as a base line for Risen 1Gothica 3 beng 9/10and 6/10 as a Baseline for Risen 2and 4/10 as Gothic 4: Arcaniaand 1/10 being Daikatana or Superman 64I give Risen 3 a 8.5/10Graphics 7/10The graphics are last gen but RECENT last gen, so they are smooth FPS on Max graphics and are plenty pretty, PB games aren't known for shiny, they are known for superb story and gameplay.Combat 9/10Not as varied or complex as Risen 1, it is much better then Risen 2, you can still feel your character grow, and get that sense of accomplishment. PB vets/fans should play on HARD. Pb did a great job getting back to it's roots.Story 10/10Well written and capable of being a book, deep and lengthy but not stale, and a continuation from Risen 1 and 2. It's fantastic, a game with great plot, it is perfect for the Single Player western RPG fans who miss plot.Is this game worthy of the PB saga? Yes it is, it is a redeeming light for PB since the goofs of Gothica 4 and Risen 2. A great sign that they are getting back in touch with what made them our favorites. I would compare Risen 3 with Deus Ex 3 in terms of taking a step in the proper direction to it's roots.Is the game worth the 49.99 USD price tag? YES, most new games cost 59.99 USD, some Early Access games cost as much as 125 USD and are utter crap. 10 dollars cheaper the most AAA games and a positive growth in game style for PB fans makes this a steal!PB vets should buy Risen 3 if you are on the ropes.NEW PB PLAYERS should buy Risen 1 or Gothica 1,2 or 3 to see if this is the game style you;d enjoy. Feel free to read my review for Risen 1 to see what I mean.*DAY 1 OLD REVIEW*Finished my third island. taking I'm taking a break to write a short early impression. I like the game so far, the combat early on was dissapointing but it picked up soon. i restarted a new game and made the entire first level without getting hit onceIt's closer to risen 1 in combat then risen 2. Main difference, you can't go from Parry to attack, and you use dodging a lotOnly found one bug and it's in quest text, there in Antigua, you'll have to find a bag of clothes and it says it's on the FIRST floor, it's actually on the 2nd floor, use a parrot flight to get thereI am dissapointed that damage types aren't damage styles, now all weapons swing like slashing weapons, makes the fencer in me sadi play on hard difficulty, the game is still fairly easy, about on par with risen 2. the soft 50 fps lock is nice. It's superior to risen 2 in story, size and gameplay, i need to play more to compare it to risen 1. if i had to review score it based on the first 4 hours. 8/10 but I'm not into the meat of the story line yetPatty broke my heart, they got rid of her curly long black hair, and I'm her god damn brotherI wanted to continue as the nameless hero and finaly get her in the damn sack!It's a solid game, and worth the 49.99 USD, which need i remind people is not the usual 59.99 of most games. If you played both Risens and liked risen 1 better, you'll like this game. not as much as 1 but more then 2. I think it was worth the purchaseOn to Fog Island next to get the 10% Glory special item"
,Recommended,249230,11821306,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,defmore,"Review after finishing the game;It has a huge world with great graphics, lots of different looking locations and fun quests. Overall just a fun enjoyable experience.Good and Bad compared to the previous titles:Good:-Fighting System improved, anyone who is still too stupid to play this game should get deported (looking at you, ANGRYJOE)Bad:-Voice Acting got ♥♥♥♥♥ier-Ending suckedEverything else is pretty much the same and if you enjoyed any Risen or Gothic title you definitly enjoy this one. I would rate them as such:1. Gothic 22. Gothic 13.4.5.6. Risen 27. Gothic 3 (I would rate it higher if it wasn't basicly unplayable at release)8. Risen 39. Risen10. Gothic 4"
,Recommended,249230,15038987,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Coinbra[HUN],best game PB made since Gothic 3. awesome RPG. fits old fans and new players.
,Recommended,249230,11765159,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Orizaba,"When I look around the internet, all I see about Risen 3 are bad reviews. Now that I finally got to try it myself, I can say that most of the people's complaints about this title are overstretched by what may be a long lasting hate for the Risen series started from Risen 2, just because it ""wasn't like Gothic"". This game is a product of high level, featuring an interesting storyline with moral choices that affect your gameplay (even though some decisions that should alter your soul just don't), can be played in many different ways (swordsman, mage, ranged to make some examples) and lets you choose between three factions that provide you with spells that give you more options in a fight (even if the more skilled may stick with meelee, because of the riposte). The animations for sprinting and jumping look strangely similar to the ones of Assassin's Creed Black Flag (I could be wrong), but I don't care because they look and feel more realistic than the ones of the previous chapters. My sole complaint is about the Demon Hunters: I know, I know it's lore... but does he really have to shave his head?!"
,Recommended,249230,12754949,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,matronicus,"Game is an improvement over Risen 2. Without Making this review overly complicated, I enjoyed the gameplay elements so much, but I do have some nitpicks on it. Positive first, the world to me was very expansive and for the most part you could go multiple ways to reach your destination. Also the skill based system for bonus objectives is spot on what I want in a game. The fluidness of combat and movement has improved so much from what it was in Risen 2.Now for the negative: main characters voice acting I feel was not normal and felt just plain wrong to me. Cutscenes and ending felt thrown in and out of place. The implementation of hunting for additional ingredients, while something I like, doesn't seem fit in without a reliable respawn system for monsters. The implementation of how much glory it takes to raise a skill should be balanced so that it doesn't take into account permanent potion bonuses.7/10*very minor min/max character spoiler below*Only reason I mention the last item under negative is because I like to min/max my characters, but you have to raise your skills in a way where you drink the permanent potions at the end so you spend as little glory as possible leveling skills."
,Recommended,249230,12590772,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,OffshoreSHO,Please do not judge the game by it's intro. If you take the time to actually place the game you'll reliase the game actually has quite a dept to it in storyline and melee system.A game not to be judge by it's cover or intro but how the gameplay and storyline is.It's good they went back to their roots.
76561198120067323,Recommended,249230,31845123,Posted: 19 May,all,Nagelfar,"Solid game.I like it.Pros++Open world+Okay Graphics+Many quests and things to do+ Exploring is rewardedCons-Really  bad bugs that can make your game  freeze and crash but there is a simple fix.Use only one quick safe at the time and disable "" Autosafe"" and you good.-Developers abandoned the game so no fixes ..  All in all worth playing."
76561198271924661,Recommended,249230,28333638,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,TjMartin,"such a fantastic series, ive played 1 and 2, completed 2 but not one and i still havent gotten enough. risen 3 is great as well but all you gotta do to get past the clunky fighting is to be a mage. done. i love this so much and i hope pirahna bytes release a fourth game which has the return of the nameless hero from the first two games cause i really wanna see him back in action. get this game, absolutlwy amazing."
76561198110280849,Recommended,249230,29054304,Posted: 6 January,all,SirGerm,"No lie, I bought this game like 3 months ago, but got a refund once I played it for 4mins the first time. This time I told myself to try it, and yes, I played it for 45+ mins plus.The game is very enjoyable and difficult at the same time (I played it on max difficult).  There is a ton of things to be done, and if you’re like me, you try to complete everything that’s on the map.The combat is very good, it’s like The Witcher, in some way. The dialoged could be little clumsy and times, and the graphics look corny at points, but if u can get past all that, it’s a game worth playing."
,Recommended,249230,13461709,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,saturn1,Closest game to Skyrim I have found so far.The good things:1. Decently interesting open world2. Lots of quests/game time3. Good Storyline4. Graphics look really goodIts like being in the movie pirates of the carribean and clash of titans at the same time.Its like Oblivion (elder scrolls 4) only with good graphics and in pirate times.5. Seems bug free so farBad things:1. I do dislike the combat system its not horrible but not great either.2. I wish like in skyrim you could fight in 1st person8/10
76561198047836563,Not Recommended,249230,15932892,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,memger,"Got stuck at a pretty late state in the game due to a bug: a main character appeared at an unexpected location in the game, when that character should have been elsewhere. As a consequence, the story couldn't progress because that character wasn't at the right spot.Therefore, I could never finish the game. Quite disappointing, otherwise the game was good, but not stellar.Still, thumbs down :/Link to bug report:http://steamcommunity.com/app/249230/discussions/0/35221584465975945/?tscn=1408977215"
76561198011982884,Not Recommended,249230,16694898,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Carlos77,"Even though I'm a huge Pyranha Bytes fanboy and I can forgive them a lot....I just can't recommend this game. Gothic 1, Gothic 2, Gothic 3 and Risen 1 are all absolutely amazing games and I recommend wholeheartedly every one of them. I can even recommend Risen 2 even though it's nowhere near as good as the previous games. But Risen 3 is just too a blatant attempt to extract some more money from the Risen 2 engine and assets without too much effort.This game still retains some of PB's trademark systems and there IS some enjoyment to be found if you look hard enough. On the other hand it just exudes an uninterested, glassy, dreary atmosphere. The story is a complete joke, the writing lacks the spark and wit of Risen 2, NPCs are vapid and long winded, quests are boring, character models and entire areas are cynically rehashed and reused and the combat, the greatest strength of PB games, isn't very satisfying either. There's way too much of it and it stops being challenging or interesting very quickly, especially if you go for the mage build. You're just blasting hordes of trash mobs again and again into oblivion. Sometimes it feels like a 3rd person Diablo which is the complete opposite of what PB games traditionaly strived for.Many fans claimed Risen 2 marked the end of true Pyranha Bytes but Risen 2, even though a significant decline, is still worth playing. Risen 3 is not. It's cynical, disinterested, boring and routine rehash of Risen 2, nothing more."
,Not Recommended,249230,26092450,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Drakevarg,"I wanted to like this. Risen 3 is clearly a bigger, more ambitious, and more polished product than its predecessors, which always felt like they wanted to be bigger than they were. The combat is slightly less clunky than before, but still recognizably the traditional Piranha Bytes plodding, stunlock-loving style that I would inevitably toggle God Mode to avoid eventually.The fact that I can't actually do that this time without 3rd party programs is a factor in my negative review.Honestly, the killer problem with this game, the one bad enough to make it the first of these games since Gothic for me to abandon outright a few hours in, is that it's just horribly balanced. I don't mean ""unfair"" - Piranha Bytes games are always unfair. But normally they're a consistant level of unfair that simply presents a steep learning curve, like a poor man's Dark Souls.Risen 3, meanwhile, is just plain inconsistent. You can be playing along, managing to more-or-less stay on top and not meeting the traditional fate of being stunlocked to death by a passing ostrich, when you'll wander into an unremarkable-sounding quest and be killed in three shots by some complete nobody that the game in no way warns you is fully capable of handing you your♥♥♥♥♥on a platter. And with no way to cheat my way around it this time around so I can enjoy the parts of the game that aren't awful, I simply don't have the patience to roll the dice every single time I fight a new enemy and hope that they just haven't arbitrarily decided to make this nondescript monster deal five times as much damage as everyone around him.I suppose it's worth noting that this inconsistency is foreshadowed somewhat by the story, which is by far the least concrete of the series. After a kind of rushed-feeling tutorial level, you're thrown into the wide open world with what the previous games would've called late first-act gear and a vague mission to do something about your missing spirit. I didn't like the way Risen 2 bottlenecked you for the first third/half of the game by locking you onto a single story path, but at least it gave me time to understand what the hell I was doing and what the stakes were. Risen 3 by comparison legitimately feels like the entire first act is just missing, and I frequently find myself feeling like I'm showing up to certain areas prematurely as random plot points are discussed as if I should have been told about them beforehand somewhere else.Between that and the random difficulty curve, I'm not sure the game was designed to be as open-ended as it is, and ultimately it just winds up feeling like a mess. I know it's not Piranha Bytes' style, but this is probably one game that could have benefitted from the traditional RPG approach of having character and quest levels to guide the player along. The intent was to make a game that doesn't hold the player's hand, and I can applaud that, but I don't have the patience with a game that not only doesn't tell me what to do, but then kicks me in the gut whenever I fail to read its mind about what it expects me to do. ""Open-ended challenge"" isn't the same thing as ""be psychic or die."""
,Recommended,249230,23642853,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,VidaarX,"Classic single player Rpg with an open world aspect to it unique leveling system and fighting. Worth the buy when on sale try to get the collection pack with Risen 1, 2 & 3."
76561198074665714,Not Recommended,249230,11829737,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,YoMADA,"Worst game i've played in a long time. everything about this game it terrible.- Boring combart system- Same monster attack/animations and attack cycle- 0 explaination on anything- you finish quests before you start them- npc's that at in your group stand there and do nothing at all- repetitive gameplay- WORST dialogue between charactersthe list goes on, really♥♥♥♥♥♥game"
76561198052394504,Recommended,249230,13023869,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,gigabyte.me,"Basically It boils down to this. A good role playing game rewards fastidious exploration. The Risen franchise is no exception.The more you explore the more loot you get, the more loot you get, the more money you get, the more money you get, the more skills/items/equipment you get. To me, this is the attraction of the Risen franchise. Exploration=reward, pure and simple. This is a very important element in any pure single player RPG. This particular element is handled well in the  Risen series of games.However the Risen franchise is still struggling to find a solid identity. The first Risen was very ambiguous, the second chapter, the developers, despite giving the franchise a more polished pirate themed aspect,  were still experimenting with the combat system. This 3rd chapter is wonderful to the hardcore RPG'er, the pirate element still remains but the combat remains slightly clunky and experimental if you will.However, the exploration vs. reward idea remains solid in all 3 games. Risen 3 is a more finely polished example of where the franchise could go.Exploration and completionism is the key in the Risen franchise.However to be perfect the Risen franchise could do well with a lot more polishing.  Some examples being, keep working on the combat system, the combat system in Risen, being the core of the game still feels slighty clunky. I figured out the obvious pattern in the combat system early on. And there is a definite pattern still. This pattern in the obvious timed moves still hinders the combat system from feeling fluid and natural. If you attack at the wrong time, you get hit, if you attack at the right time you strike. There is no fluid inbetween. The combat feels ""timed"" more so than natural.Another aspect the developers could benefit from working on.  Make the skill earning system more complex. The skill system in this game is OKAY but not perfect. It still feels slightly limited. You spend cash on new skills, and you add power points to existing skills to ""level them up"". However there is no complex skill tree per se. You don't get to master a whole entire set of skills in any one combat style. This all lends to a slightly limited combat system. You can get BETTER at guns...but all you'll notice if you do so is that you do more damage with ranged weapons. To be blunt, the leveling/skill system needs a serious overhaul to feel more rewarding.Also very importan to the hardcore RPG'er is, reward all the hard work put into the game with a beautiful well thought out ending. I notice the Risen titles in this franchise have lackluster endings. I realize the games themselves tell a story. But a moving, rewarding ending for a role playing game like this, where hard work and exploration should lend to the game's ending  is needed to complete the immersion process.I hope they continue this franchise, and fine tune the understandable flaws until they release a game that surpasses all other RPGS.In short, this RPG does exemplary on the exploration verses reward aspect. The more you explore, the more you benefit. However this franchise still continues to fall short on the combat system, skill system and endings for the games. This game will tickle the fancy of any die-hard fan of single player RPGs, but there is still a ways to go if the developers want to perfect this franchise."
76561198037294983,Recommended,249230,11721004,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,DoJ,"Having played Gothic 1,2,3 and Risen 1, i like this game. A lot. 20ish hours in it so far and it's just... fun. Sword fighting is fun, exploration is fun, combat comes down to reading enemy movements and dodging a lot (a'la Dark Souls).The voice acting is pretty terrible though. I like the game. Take that for what it's worth"
,Recommended,249230,19054963,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Aug,"If you're a fan of the Risen games, this iteration won't dissappoint.  The character levelling/RPG elements are unique and as entertaining as always.  The writing and voice acting are extremely rough.  If you're a fan of exploration, there are hundreds of secret nooks and crannies if you're willing to spend the time to look around.  Unlike the previous games, the melee combat in this one is actually enjoyable.The game does one particularly interesting thing - it opens up pretty much the entire world to you immediately, and the enemies do not scale with your level.  This has advantages and disadvantages.  The beginning of the game is quite hard, but as your character develops, you really feel yourself becoming powerful.  It's very satisfying.  However, by the end of the game, you feel like an unstoppable god and just plow through the same enemies that you've been fighting for the last 30 hours."
76561198013933988,Recommended,249230,11765064,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Ouija,"I got to rate this before I go back to work in the oil feild for a few weeks. I have put 12+ hours in so far don't be mislead by the ""latest activity"". You know I really would like to give this game a high rating. The graphix are dated even though I have it maxed ""PB it's 2014  C'mon!!"". The voice acting is not imo real bad compared to others i've seen ""Cough dragons dogma""! and bones he is my favorite npc. Fighting? well... a one button system is not too fun reminds me of Fable 3 but better. Fable 3 ""Thumbs down"", but Risen 3 seems to make it work ""thanks for the magic back btw PB!!"". Like others have said it is a timing and skill combat type. You died so your weak and have to slowly earn your way up. Still I know PB could have taken this to the next level if they would have spent the extra time. Seems like a copy paste of the older Risen games. The rest of the sound and music to me seem to be in sync. Again joining one faction at a time wasn't cool but I feel they did it more for a replay effect more than anything ""even though the story gives it some weight"". It is a solid game for what they did, and the combat is a bi@!h at first but rewarding as you start to feel the flow. Loot Loot Loot is awesome. Gold is a little rare but I hoard my booty so that could just be me. I give Risen 3 Titan Lords a solid 7/10. It is worth the ride but not worth the relese price of 49.99.  If you liked the old Risen games a must buy, shoot even if your a hardcore RPG fan it's worth the ride. Pick it up on a sale I feel in the end you will like it. GAME ON!!!"
76561198041784723,Recommended,249230,11711890,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,XSilverBaneX,"Risen 3 is a vast open world rpg with hundreds of quests, the combat is challanging and can be unforgiving at times but is fun. this is not a game for anyone that likes easy games that u can just run through and kill everything without tring, it is maid to be hard to the player and make him work to win in most every fight. plus side you can get followers to come with you if you want from your ships crew."
76561198012369420,Not Recommended,249230,11785863,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Kamerian,"This game, unfortunately, sucks rancid monkey asses!  Worst implementation for a combat system that I've ever seen...and I've seen some pretty bad ones.  If you absolutely have to buy this waste of space game, then wait until it drops to 5 bucks...just remember, you've been warned."
,Recommended,249230,11737968,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Augustus,"5/5Gameplay:+ Oriented on Gothic 1&2 and Risen 1+ Same humor as ever+ Very much atmosphere, in terms of quests and the game/level/island design.+ I can not! confirm, that the quests are generic or anything like that. Also every character has it's own personality and position in this game, there are only very few unnamed characters with no kind of background in this world. But this does not only to npcs, but to all items and locations aswell, truly handcrafted!+ I love the way magic got implemented in this game! No exhausting mana-potion collection or brewing which I always disliked, but just a cooldown-based system. Some critisize that, I love it and think a lot of games should go that direction!+ I do not find the story boring and do not agree with (most) reviewers.+ I love flying or gliding around like a parrot.- Sometimes there's not enough feedback whether a quest is completed, failed or still pending in status, e.g. before being promoted to a guardian you have to talk to your pirate admiral. He then tells you to kill the undead dogs, swirling around the city. Although this is not hard to accomplish, one may still miss out on some dogs and ask him-/herself, why one can't get promoted. Another example would be the ""di fuego"" related quests.- Sometimes npcs can't follow you and get stuck, however if you wait long enough they will eventually be back at your position (Teleporting and/or going back to your ship or another island helps in this case).Graphics:+ I don't know where to start. All people critizing the graphic of risen 3 can't have played it.+ I have rarely seen such beautiful sunsets and sunrises as in this game. Just as an example if one stands a bit away from the council hall or tower in antigua and in front of it, and if it's dawn and you look up in the sky, you see the air glimming inside the council hall, with a warm fire enlightening the whole building and if you look up, you have this dark, star filled sky, which at the very edge slowly fades into a warm pink/purpleish kind of color. There were countless moments like that and I can truly say that I have met no game, where the graphic is that atmospheric, some of the steam-screenshots catch very well how beautiful the game looks!- I mean, yes, sometimes!!! there are very low resolution textures, but most of the time they don't catch the eye.Sound:0 Well, there has been written a lot about this part of the game so I will skip the extensive part and sum up that although I also find that the sound is very atmospheric, there are some downsides.+ The german synchronization however is very well!To sum it up: If you liked the Gothic series and Risen 1, buy it. The basis for this game may be a pirate setting and of course it plays in the Risen universe, but it catches the Gothic flair from old times quite well and has some (good) adjustments to it.Also I have not played Risen 2 so I can't say which textures got reused etc.One last comment I want to make is, that most of the negative reviews seem to be from people that have played the game only a few hours and could not immerse themselfs in it, whether it is because their personal taste of a game is different or because they were not patient enough. I also think that this is reflected pretty well in the metacritics score which has a lot of negative reviews, but just as much positive reviews and nothing in between, so this game really splits based on your personal taste."
76561198050768921,Recommended,249230,18382883,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,ChrisMcKennaCMK,"Nice game, pretty faithful to old Gothic style and lots of pirates and what not.On the plus side, it got a nice environment, varied ways to play, lots of hidden things to find and some interesting characters. For the most part the story is enjoyable and fast paced and the leveling up style make you have to plan ahead.The downside, story can be a little 2D in places. The game is fairly challenging at the beginging, but if you complete all the quests you get pretty over powered by the end and things get a bit repetative - the last island really could have done with a whole new set of monsters. Likewise weapons/equipment could have done with a lot more variation.It's not perfect by any means, but if you enjoy an fun RPG where you wander round exploring it's pretty good."
76561198052762783,Recommended,249230,30233541,Posted: 27 February,all,laurajh,"I loved Risen and Risen 2.  What I mostly enjoy in games is the plot and characters and the interactions between them.   In the first two, I loved the ""Hero"" and Patty, and the way it danced around them having a romantic relationship but never really went that far.  When I heard that a Risen 3 was in the works, I was so excited about the possibility of the Hero and Patty officially getting together.  Thus, though I thought the game OK, I was thoroughly disappointed that the Hero wasn't even the main character, and that he and Patty seemed to have come across a rough patch.  I am still hopeful for a Risen 4 that brings the Hero back, along with Patty, and finally a deeper relationship.So overall, yeah, the game was OK, I just couldn't get past that I wasn't the ""Hero"" from the previous games, and I did not enjoy it near as well.  I didn't find this hero, who was Patty's brother, as interesting and likeable.  Though I still enjoy playing Risen and Risen 2 over and over again, I have no desire to play Risen 3 again.  I also thought the foul language was excessive and unnecessary, and I did not like that.  It seems each game the language got worse.Still holding out hope for a Risen 4 with the original Hero and Patty, and the foul language toned down."
,Recommended,249230,13965801,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,dark_sky,"RISEN/GOTHIC fans will LOVE this game.Quite simply it is the ultimate amalgam of this type of TRUE open world RPG.A fun mix of both adult and light hearted storyline/dialogue/voice acting with lots of bad language thrown in the mix as usual, this game doesn't take itself as seriously as other RPGS and is more fun because of it.Good combat with lots of different styles, sword, piercing, muskets, shotguns, pistols, and many different kinds of combat magic.The best crafting in a RISEN game to date, and also, perhaps my favourite part of the game is the incredible exploration, all sorts of secrets and easter eggs await in some very hard to reach and unusual locations!Highly reccommended to all RPG fans, especially if on a good sale.Just remember ""Treasure you take : Suffer the fate!"""
,Recommended,249230,11837570,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Enot,"I didn't like Risen, and I skipped Risen 2. Risen 3 came out when no other big games are around, so I picked it up to kill some time. And it turned out to be very enjoyable experience. Very few games give you that feeling of being in the game. Like first Fable, all Mass Effects. And Risen 3. If immersive world is what you like in games — definitely check out this game. And actually it becomes better and better as you play. More skills, magic, more weapons and armor. You really feel that you've become stronger, but battles are still challenging and fun. Everything in this game is really simple and nothing new. But it works well."
,Recommended,249230,11855940,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Dim Six,"Amazing RPG elements and a solid story make this one of the best games in Summer 2014. If you like varied and strategic combat, questing systems that drop you in the middle of the ocean, an entire game's worth of voiced dialogue, and exploration in every direction. This game is for you."
76561198024602981,Recommended,249230,27927957,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,cinee,I enjoyed the Risen franchise from the beginning . It has a nice story and it allows you to choose your playstyle .I can't wait for Risen 4 to be released xD.
,Recommended,249230,12654075,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,MadMax32,"I would recommend this game to anyone who played the gothic games 1 & 2, and liked them.Risen 3 catches the feeling pretty well. The only thing I didn't like were the ship sections.Also if you understand german, you should play it in that language, because the voice acting is a lot better. IMO"
,Recommended,249230,33568268,Posted: 15 July,all,[+rep] RePLAY [DK],"Very nice game! Play, play, play...! A mix between The Elder Scrolls and Dark Messiah"
,Recommended,249230,22545192,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Squashbuckler,"This is pretty much a middle of the line RPG, with a particularly weak combat system, but with an interesting, mediocre storyline that seemed to keep me intrigued. I put approx 32 hours into this game, and I didnt feel forced to finish it. The voiceacting of the NPC characters was quite good IMO, although the main character was a dullard with poor voiceacting. The combat system, as I mentioned, is very clunky, and using melee weapons will be a bore due to the simplicity and frustration of the slow movements.That being said, this game is of no improvement over RISEN 2, and if you enjoyed Risen 2, then I would recommend this game, as it is nearly identical, without anything new.Would recommend if:#1. You liked Risen 2.#2. You can score it for less than 20 dollars.#3. You are looking to put 30 hours into a decent RPG."
76561197969148485,Recommended,249230,11732983,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Dragon,"This game was a bit slow at the start, but once I got rolling, it has been very enjoyable.  It is a solid entry into the RPG market.  Some of its concepts seem a bit dated, but why does everything need to be new and innovative?  If it isn't broken, don't fix it.  This game does a lot of things right and surprisingly, despite its rough edges, I don't regret my preorder purchase at all."
76561198057396189,Recommended,249230,29952759,Posted: 15 February,all,hnazarian,"I bought the entire trilogy, and I have to say, I really enjoyed the witty humor some times, and the game flows well.  I started with the first game, and while it looked like a bad high school project, it was still fun to play.  After beating the first one, I played the second right after.  It was an absolute joy to see how much the game improved in terms of overall quality versus the first game and how it continued the story line from the first game.  At times it got a little slow, like a bad movie with lots of sex as a saving grace to keep the movie interesting, but once you get out of the crud, it picks back up for a great finale.    After beating the second one, I moved on to the third game I am currently playing.  WOW!  Absolutely huge improvement in overall quality versus the first two games, but the story was a little... concerning.  You play as Patty's brother, whom there was NO mention of in the previous games.  However, a lot of the characters and towns from the previous games were here as well, and GREAT fun.It's rare to find quality games like this, and if you are thinking about the game, definitely get it.  I wish there was a 4th game of this series coming out, but I need to start playing Witcher 1 up to 3 now.  LOL!  I don't understand the negative comments, but they are way off.  I do agree that there was a couple bugs, but they weren't game breaking.  I had one bug where I floated across the screen on the first board.  Then after death, I jumped back up and played as an immortal... don't know how, but when I spoke with a townsperson on Fog Island, I just died.  Hahaha!  Those were the bugs I noticed so far and only bugs so far.I salute you Piranha Bytes.  Well done!"
76561197988061338,Not Recommended,249230,11887566,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,RileyWRussell,"If you enjoy exploration in your open world RPG's this may be worth a pick up when its on sale. That being said outside of the large open world to explore I've found no other redeemable qualities to this game. I've tried on max setting on my home PC and its a bad looking game. I've tried on low settings on my Surface Pro 3 (that runs Skyrim, Deus Ex, etc) and it chugs along and is almost unplayable all the while looking like a 10 year old game. Terribly optimized. If you're starving for an RPG and find this for $20 I can recommend it, but as it stands $50 for this is a slap in the face."
76561198036760976,Recommended,249230,21833631,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Rougemont,Pros: Beautiful world with deep enough lore. Good game mechanics and handling overall. Fun side quests and mini games. Some sand box elements. Interesting characters and factions. Enjoyable crafting system. Relatively bug-free finished product delivered on release.Cons: Plot a little thin. Sandbox element a little light for my taste. Character appearance and gender fixed.Not a great RPG but a good one so give it a try.
76561197970536211,Not Recommended,249230,14066229,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Rishnu,"Did you like Risen or Risen 2?  Then you might enjoy this game.  If you did not enjoy those you defenitely will not enjoy this one either.For  better or (in my opinion definitely worse) worse the same engine has been reused from Risen 2.  Same blocky world textures same combat system, inventory system all of it is back.  I had high hopes for this game after having read some reviews by other people,  I was greatly dissapointed.  Combat is a major ""feature"" of the game and it's just terrible.  I do not enjoy combat rolling around the screen endlessly trying to avoid getting beaten up by a small pack of monkies.  Is it hard?  No.  Is it fun? Not even close.I didn't get too far into the game, which says a lot considering I beat the second one and the dlc and enjoyed it.  I just can't forgive the combat again."
76561198033978802,Recommended,249230,18629395,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Phantus,"Great game.  Loved the pirate setting.  Much like Skyrim your character in the beginning plays as though they were crippled but by end game I had improved my skills and was a nimble wrecking machine.  The Thieves Den Island I could have done without.  It was a filler throw in and the game ending battle was annoying not challenging.  Froze up about 5 times in my play through forcing me to close and restart but other than that it ran pretty smooth.Two weird drawbacks were the fact that you couldn't add map markers which were absolutely necessary.  No map markers in a buried treasure pirate game?  It came across like a bad joke.  Second was the inability to save a game with your own heading.  It would have been nice to have saved my game just prior to choosing a faction so I could go back and replay as the other two classes but it literally doesn't let you name your save which I've never seen before so it eventually just got over-written which will prevent me from ever going back to this game.  A real shame quite frankly.Great price(publisher sale), good graphics, fun skill progression and interesting characters.  They kept it simple as well so you didn't get bogged down with carrying encumbrance and the like.  Just straight forward fun.  Looking forward to a Risen 4."
76561198017639649,Recommended,249230,30625536,Posted: 19 March,all,phillip15,*You get to play as Jason Statham. :-)*Great graphics
76561198352581685,Recommended,249230,30968068,Posted: 5 April,all,NotGaryBusey,Great game for any true RPG fan. Love the fact that you have no skills to begin with and have to learn everything from blocking in battle to mixing potions and creating weapons. 8/10 could play through multiple times without feeling repetitive too.
76561198086758882,Recommended,249230,32225238,Posted: 6 June,all,Zappieroth132,"If I would describe this game in a nutshell it would be: ""The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt: Budget Edition""The game looks stunning it's colorfull and the lore seems interesting enough.There is more then enough places that make me like ""Oh I want to check that""And were the game is like: You gotta go left.... And then I would be like NOPE I am going to the right.But the game isn't without it's fair share of ... Problems ...Maybe not exactly problems but here is were the ""Budget"" part comes into play.Animations are very lacking though some might look cool they look forced and after every animation there seems to be entire frames just missing, From one moment to the next you will see your character and enemies standing in a completly different way which might put people off.I think there is enough here to keep someone such as myself busy, Just don't expect AA qaulity... or maybe even A or B... But it is fun enough to keep one playing.Get it on a sale or something this sure is a fun game don't let people tell you otherwise.PS: I used a shotgun to kill monkeys! 10/10 would kill monkeys with shotgun again!"
76561198015387033,Recommended,249230,31045827,Posted: 9 April,all,Paaaaatrick,"Having just finished Risen 3, thought this would be a good moment to put down my thoughts..I have been a longtime fan of Piranha Bytes.  From their earliest releases such as Gothic & Gothic 2, to their jump over to the Risen series, I have always found their games to be enjoyable, but always needing more polish.  Risen 3 is no exception to this.I stopped and started the game several times before I really sat down and played through it.  And, in the end, I'm glad I did.  It felt very much like putting back on a good pair of shoes again, just comfortable to be able to play the game, and in the end I pushed through it quickly because I wanted to get to the end.  Much like the last 2 games in the series, the ending was a little disappointing, but I did enjoy the experience of getting there.There are bugs, there are wonky issues with inventory and resolution and other items.  But, look up a few FAQs and whatnot and you can get past most of it.  From a programming side of things, the game was.. competent.  It always feels like they need just a few more months, or just some extra money, and they could pull off what would be considered to be a AAA game.I would recommend this to others, and while it is nice to have the previous experience of Risen 1 and 2, it isn't entirely necessary to have played those to enjoy this one."
76561197993903913,Not Recommended,249230,14327139,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,OneOfMany,"Why? Why Piranha Bytes, why must you hurt me like this?It's like you've taken the good parts of their older games and thrown them all out, while at best not doing anything about the bad parts, and at worst magnifying them, or even shoehorning new ones from other games in.The NPC Hubs, unlike the ones from about every Gothic game they made, seem empty and dead. The liveliest one is the Guardians big hold, but it's a single one, compared to the countless other ones that simply seem...barren. The inter NPC banter which made the towns in Gothic and Risen seem especially lively is almost completely missing, as is the ambiance that came with it. Most of the NPCs become completely meaningless, after you've done a sweep through their area and finished whatever quest they were involved in. Unlike the previous games, there are almost no quests that become available at a later point, making the gameworld seem even more devoid of life. Because apparently nothing happens while you're away.Choosing a faction also has almost no impact. There is only a handfull of faction-dependant perks, most of which carry little weight. Apart from that, faction dictates which set of spells becomes permanently available to you, but during one playthrough I found a sufficient amount of scrolls to make that meaningless as well. After that, the only thing left are AFAIK about 2 quests per faction that wouldn't be available without joining. There are almost no other reactions or consequences to your choice in faction. Though that might be rooted in the choice to have no conflict between the factions, which I think is a rather boring design choice.Along with the factions comes the comparable tiny variety of equipment. There is a miniscule selection of 3 sets of armor per faction and they don't have that much impact on gameplay, as the values of armor seem laughable (150 points of damage mitigation, of which about 115 are from character attributes and perks at the end of my playthrough).  Though there are a bit more weapons available, a good part of those are already useless at the point one can optain them.All special abilities and perks no longer cost any learning points. All that is left is an amount of gold one has to pay for them, which undoubtably enables players to get anything they want without any need for choice. And with the Potion Brewing Perk, which costs 2000 gold pieces, the upper half of the attribute scale becomes meaningless as well. Why invest experience points into enhancing an attribute past a value of 50, if one can instead do it with not that hard to get potions?The Sea-Battle minigame they implemented seems like a sloppy attempt of copying Assassins Creed's sea battles, but with only 3 instances happening, none of which are avoidable, I couldn't familiarize with it's mechanics enough to be particularily good. It thus simply became a chore, each one taking about 20 minutes of gametime, while not being any kind of fun or adding anything to the story. The other three minigames were less of a chore, but also weren't required at any point, which is a good thing I guess. Why the hell they decided to implement the seabattles, and do so the way they did still is beyond me.The other, more ""puzzely"" possiblities of the game were mostly ignored. The ""trained monkey"" sequences were few in number and rarely provided anything of value (only 2 times IIRC). Same goes with the ""transform into Parrot"" sequences. There was only a hand full of them, and most of them only provided mediocre loot. None of them were in any part needed for any quests, neither main nor side. In fact, there weren't even meaningful possiblities to use them during the mainquest.The final battle was (again) only a ""whack the damage sponge"" with the occasional ""follow the damage sponge"" which felt kinda anti-climatic.While you get seven possible followers, it's of little meaning which one of them you take with you. They simply didn't add that much, appart from distracting monsters during combat and only occasional lines of banter. The game simply never made me (as a player) care that much about them. Of the three followers that I never took along, there is one whom I never found out anything but his name and his fondness of Alcohol, one I only found out that he had gotten ret-conned into a cruel, mercyless ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and one that only seemed to be fond of stealing things. Nothing else. Nothing upon which I could build any feelings towards these characters but disinterest.So I have to ask: What the hell went wrong at Piranha Bytes? Why did you build something so completely forgettable, so unbelievably mediocre, so underwhelmingly plain? You guys were the heroes of my youth. A small scale studio, making such incredibly awesome games. And now this... please Piranha Bytes, please stop slacking.Edit1: ""PC Gamer: 83%""...guess thats where the money that would've improved chapters 3 and 4 went."
,Not Recommended,249230,18758731,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,President Of Evil Art's ツ,"Game is enjoyable, like all of this kind games. (gothic 1,2,3; risen 1,2)Till you get stucked in main quest by glitch.chapter 3.you have to defeat oracle and then talk to him. sounds easy... Yep.. it is.I killed oracle. easy. squashed like a bug. Now i need to talk to it. But i can't. he is inactive. i jump around, clicking everywhere nothing... -_-  seams oracle is glitched. :/Oh well then let's do another quests, maybe then i culd talk to it  later.I done almost  all quests, except 3 of them.1. Sign patty on - she is floating on wather how i can talk to her... DUUUDE!2. Reckoning on kila island. [I have to lure one guy out of camp and kill him.] I can't even approach to him.  He sees me and all camp attack to me. wtf.3.Main Quest ORACLE STILL GLICHED! Quest Script is dead! I would like this game but.. come one .. That just ... rude!If someone knows how to fix it, place comment. And if I get pass that oracle, then i will change my review.30.10.15"
76561198052371996,Recommended,249230,30733312,Posted: 25 March,all,BlackRay,"Fun characters, interesting setting, immersive exploration and nice character progression. It’s a shame that the game’s engine is visibly aging. Even with the problems it has, I still think it’s worth any RPG fan’s time."
,Recommended,249230,30584998,Posted: 17 March,all,Xera,"I love this kind of game , and not everyone likes this kind of game. But hey its my review. So, thumbs up."
,Recommended,249230,28956694,Posted: 2 January,all,⚡Dedrul⚡,Nice RPG - very liked it except for some companions. 8/10
76561198043336303,Recommended,249230,11753466,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,oaktreeclan,lots of fun
76561198037017274,Recommended,249230,34143170,Posted: 10 August,all,luis_vitores,"I have loved thsi game as a conclusion for Risen series. I did not dislike the second part with pirate theme, and I have really enjoyed the return of the cristal magic. Story is well developed and inmersive.Graphics -> goodMusic -> EpicFactions -> perfectAlthough this game has little problems (some animations, sometimes combat is out of balance,...), let's never forget that Piranha Bytes is a 30 person company, not a Red Project or Bethesda."
76561197980894554,Recommended,249230,22825474,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Hitman,"Great old school RPG, love every second of it.I have not enjoed an RPG since Skyrim, so it says a lot. If you are into propper action RPG's, buy this game.The only negative I have to say about it thus far is the ease with which you accidentaly select your comapnion to talk. Basically if you are picking loot up on a regular basis (as you are supposed to do in this type of games), you will often klick you companion, and the same one line comment ""maybe later"", that even puts you in the 1sec aniomation , where you can not move etc is annying.Other then the minor thing, its great, but BEWARE, the fighting, while I personally find great, is one that you might need to get used to a little. But its superior to 90% of the super stilised figting you often find in games, that are making things too easy.Really great game."
76561198054438418,Recommended,249230,11849477,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,mercenaryai,"+Open-world exploration. Very few gates or restrictions.+Classic ""Gothic"" sort of character progression+Stable (only few minor bugs detected over 50hrs of play)+Huge world, *hitload of side quests+Gnomes! (source of best dialogue in game)-Horribly outdated graphics that belong to 2010 or earlier-Very simple combat system makes late-game combat mundane-Due to progression being split across 3 islands, there is a lot of filler content-Many locations are partially reused from Risen 2.-Story is better than in Risen2, but worse than Risen/G3/G2.All in all, it's still a niche title that lacks mainstream appeal (and pretty visuals). The game is decent, was fun to play. It feels like Risen 2 made properly, but the amount of content is so huge that it's worth its price as a standalone game.IMPORTANT: Played with German voiceover + English UI/subtitles and suggest you do the same. English voice acting is horrible and will completely ruin the mood."
76561198153219478,Recommended,249230,14662087,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Puffer,"I wasnt sure about getting this game at all but it proved to be more than i thought. It reminds me a lot of skyrim and fable. Granted, the combat isnt the best but it is  very immersive and makes you use your own reflexes instead of relying on the AI. It is a very interactive game and there are things to see and do wherever you go. The game runs smoothly for me and the graphics aren't perfect but they are certainly very pleasing. The first few missions seem  a bit slow but as soon as you get past the opening chapter you will be playing for hours due to amount of people you meet and quests you can do. The minigames are also fun :p"
76561198018110605,Recommended,249230,11841622,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,DAVOS,"7.5/10Fun game, like the previous ones. Great story, let down by some dodgy voice acting and stilted dialogue. Some of the gnome voices are on the Jarjar Binks end of the annoying spectrum. Sometimes they verge on casual racism, sometimes they say funny things. It's like they are trying to do bad asian accents and sound ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ at the same time. There are some notable exceptions to that criticism. I thought the characterisation of ""Stax"" was done very well.Some criticize the combat system, and I can see why you'd love it or hate it as it requires a little patience. It's real-time-turn-based, if that's a thing; similar to the Gothic games. It's not a mindless hack-n-slash so you need to time blows, blocks and dodging. It's generally easy with one opponent but gets quickly impossible with 3 or more. You need a party to act as combat decoys more than you need them to assist you in fighting.The lore is a bit of a grab-bag but I enjoyed the pirate/inquisitor/voodoo/druid/mage/aztec ruin/underworld thing they mashed together. I like sandbox sprawlers that let you jump up to seemingly inaccessible places and reward you with hidden loot. There's no character creation, but it also doesn't lock you in to classes so your character will end up evolving towards the skills you like using.Very playable RPG fun....After 70+ hours of game play, I can say it's well worth it given the price on release was around half of what a premium game would be. There's some amusing quirks that are either poor translations or dev in-jokes, for example every single bird yields chicken drumsticks. I suppose everything tastes like chicken.What I said about classes, well you don't need to hold back, you can max out a lot of skills by the end so there's no compromises. There are 3 guilds to join, I played mage because lightening, but going back I'd probably have a go at demon hunter. Voodoo is powerful but to be honest that was my least favourite part of the game.Pirate Patty's boobs are ridiculous. And she's supposed to be your sister, thanks Borat. I recall the character from a previous Risen, but I don't recall her being dressed like a pirate-stripper on halloween. I love boobs but really, it was a bit out of place. Witcher did that way better.They swear a lot too. I spose it's pirates, but if you're gonna swear do it well."
76561198104830170,Recommended,249230,11877339,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Mezcalero,"Just loved it, i've played all the games of Piranha Bytes from Gothic to Risen 3, and I recommend them a lot, its a shame if this is the last release of Risen, it was getting better and the story is very involving (there were a bit of discrepancies between Risen one and two, because of the eras that they are based on, but no complaining here)Just awesome and widely recommendable."
76561198078481370,Recommended,249230,31815841,Posted: 17 May,all,Zenith,"So far I quite like it. Great atmosphere, good graphics and enjoyable combat with interesting creatures. I kinda like the whole pirate theme too."
,Recommended,249230,31877861,Posted: 21 May,all,Big Smoke,Buy this if you have a good PC. My pc is mid end. I am running this in 25 FPS. But a good game for sure.
,Recommended,249230,29059036,Posted: 6 January,all,WindRider739,"If you enjoyed the Gothic franchise, you're going to love this game.I won't lie to you and say it has the best graphics for its time, because it doesn't. They're mediocre at best.The voice acting is some of the worst I've seen since Daikatana.The combat is a bit clunky, but once you understand the subtle nuances of timed combat, and learn the patterns of the different enemies, it's actually quite enjoyable.The story is alright; with better voice acting it might even be pretty good.Here's the thing, though... This is basically Gothic 3 (without the awful frames / freezing bug), except you're a pirate. There aren't a lot of games like that out there. Additionally, the sea combat is wonderful. If you don't really enjoy the genre, this game isn't going to be for you. However, if you love this sort of game - your elder scrolls, your gothics (before 4), or earlier Risen titles - this game is going to be a blast. It's very open in that it doesn't force you to visit places in a set order. You can go just about anywhere right from the start, and the different gameplay styles and factions give it a fair amount of replayability. Overall, I'd give this game a 3/5. For me personally, though, it's a 5/5. It just comes down to what you're into and what you're willing to put up with."
76561198013462351,Recommended,249230,18594503,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,mrinspectorman,"Risen 3 is an amazing game, just plain amazing. One of the only interesting tittles to come out in 2014 in my oppinion. I payed full price for it, and i personallly don't regret it at all. The world looks beautiful, The variety of enemies is very well handled, and the story is quite interesting. I can't recall any ginormous flaws in the game i found the expirence overall amazing. If you like fantasy rpgs then i highly recommend Risen 3 and the other games in the series. I give it a 10/10 just like Risen 1, and 2."
76561198141711702,Recommended,249230,14983676,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,adamlink747,"Game is pretty entertaining, combat can be a little off but it does end up being enjoyable once you get the hang of it.  The game is not as easy as most games out there now, but the story is decent.  Graphics are good but dont quite seem ""solid"" dont know how to explain it other than that.  With reviews I wasn't expecting much but I enjoyed this game MUCH more than dragon age inquisition, and I am a Huge Bioware fan.  DAI just seem 90% fluff and 10% game not to mention boring combat that wasn't as tactical, this game has a much better feel and pace when you get used to it.  I would rate it about a 85%"
,Recommended,249230,11758653,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Florus,"Only played it for like 2 hours and already I am hooked on to play through much like Risen 1 and 2 before it. There's nothing really new to the series. Playstyle, music,  graphics and setting have pretty much stayed the same. All beautiful by the way if you fancy the look and feel of the Risen series. However where the first two took 2 hours to get into; This one had me more than just a casual interested after the 30 minute mark. The good tutorial piece at the start made the difference I think. If you liked Risen 1 and 2 get this one."
76561198014848575,Recommended,249230,11757748,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Talisker,Pretty decent game. Interesting story line. The charecters curse alot though. Maybe shock factor for 12 year olds.
76561198079585622,Recommended,249230,11773289,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,bobson52,I luv it <3 It starts off super hard but then gets to easy when u join a faction and get magic.. needs some balancing. The feel of an mmorpg without the mmo
76561198122034817,Recommended,249230,11758381,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,foxtrot42092,"I would like to start off that im a huge fan of the first 3 gothic games and so far ive gotta say the same for the risen series. Although this game does have its flaws so far the voice acting is sub par but the dialoge is good (ive only meet a few main charcters though so far, but the main charcater is really the worst compared to all the other pb games, imo. But then again im a mel blanc fan, so im a kinda snob for good voice acting) the movement is very stiff of your character, and take some feeling out at first. Ive gotten used to the melee... and the magic from all the differnt factions looks crazy sick! (as in awesome, which pb has always been good at mage combat, again imo) ... and once you get used to attacking only when you need too, and same with dodgeing, it turns into a game of patience, kinda dark souls style but not necessarily as difficult, but still fun and rewarding (btw, i really like the dodgeing system, where you double tap the move keys in the direction you want to go compared to the camera angle rather than where your character facing.) ive been playing 3 and a half hours now and ive still only been to one island and im nowhere near explored all the lush forsest full of beast and minions, and the cliffs (conveniently staircase-like so you can climb it up and up and up, lol, I guess it gives me an old school nostalgia;) I really enjoy Risen 3 and after I got past the beginning, it started feeling like a world i wanted to explore. (reminds me most of gothic 1 & 2 quest-wise where you've got your three factions, and gameplay handleing/movement, its very much like its predecessors. To me the movement could be less clunky, (which makes it hard for me to play it with a controller) I cant wait to get my magic going though, itll be a whole new game after that! Two thumbs up from me (was a bit pricey but like i said ive been a fan since gothic 1.) No regrets here..."
,Recommended,249230,11772422,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Xan,"If you liked the Gothic series and Risen, and can stomach the pirate theme of Risen 2, this game is for you.It was, as usual for PB, made for the audience that enjoyed their previous work.PositivesThe game is beatiful in my opinion, shaders and reflections are some of the best I've seen in a long time. Game runs mostly solid 60fps on my system (660ti and a first gen i7), dips rarely went lower than to 50fps, max settings.Combat system really did see improvements, even though many reviewers fail to see them.The new islands are much larger (at least 2 times the space and 3 times the quest density) than the two taken from Risen 2, ( the islands many criticized for being copy pasted, which is only really half-true, they have been noticably reworked and don't play as of a role in the story, I spent as much time on both of them as I did doing one half of one of the three main islands)The UI has never worked this well; instant response times and logical structure make necessary UI navigation easyNegativesThe sea battles are half baked at best, luckily they didn't take up more than 5-10 minutes at a time for me. Shame one of them starts off the game, so you see shoddy scripted animations and QTE's as a first impression, when either are rather rare throughout the entire gameWhile most of the UI is very snappy and responsive, the Inventory system is on a list basis, so scrolling is necessary. I prefered the Risen 1 system of a big open square based inventory, but I did get used to it easily.The overarching story is, as usual, quite cheesy and uninspired. That said: Obligatory ""hero looses his abilities"" we come to expect from PB games twist is probably better executed than in most previous iterations. Nice set pieces, areas and generally diverse side quests though.English voice acting is mediocre to 'meh', with many characters, german v/o is decent for a german v/o, many characters voices dont really fit their characters though. Many german voices are by voice actors that were in RIsen 1 and subsequently in the old Gothic games, so nostalgia bonus.That's really the biggest point, nostalgia bonus. If you liked Risen and loved Gothic, like I did, I would recommend, for anyone else, you may wish to wait for a sale."
76561198168108220,Recommended,249230,32489068,Posted: 16 June,all,drknumbskull,"Overall this game is awesome, but is very lacking in most explaination on how to accomplish tasks in game. Part of the challenge right :) Very Fable like gameplay feel to it i'd give it a definitie 4 out of 5 stars"
76561197992871570,Recommended,249230,32123226,Posted: 2 June,all,kaptnblaubar,"I do not get the bad publicity for this game. It is not a great game, but a solid one. All the elements that made the first three Gothic games and Risen 1 great are in there. In comparison, it would be the overall weakest game in that series, but still a fun game to play."
,Recommended,249230,30581833,Posted: 17 March,all,ftstani,"If you enjoyed the Gothic series, you will enjoy this game. Risen 3 represents the latest incarnation of that long long of role-playing games. If you haven't heard of the Gothic series, or Piranha Bytes, or JoWooD Entertainment, chances are that you will not enjoy Risen 3. By the standards of modern RPGs made by U.S. developers, Risen 3 is archaic.Gameplay can be boiled down to fetch quests and go-there-and-kill-that quests. But when you think about it all RPGs boil down to that. Combat is clunky by modern standards. In fact I knew this already and didn't bother playing combat and cheated, giving myself all requisite skills to avoid the frustration of constant stun-locks and whatnot. Plenty of wise sages before me has described the problems at length. The only remotely interesting aspect is the morality system. Good deeds result in soul gains, resulting in good guy rewards. Bad deeds result in soul losses, resulting in bad guy rewards (which are still rewards, so that's more realistic than most RPGs). Don't expect anything like the Witcher 3.Visually, it looks nice for a 2014 release. Some parts still look stunning, like the forest regions. Just don't expect FarCry.The story's serious parts, much like the serious characters, consist of non-descript, entirely forgettable, and highly generic fantasy tropes. You couldn't get more vanilla if you tried. There's a Dark Lord of course. However, the game is made much more spicier (and racier) by its non-serious parts, thanks in no small part to the fact that the main character is basically a pirate. Or privateer to be more accurate.Finally, you should be aware that Risen 3 is pretty sexist and racist by the standards of modern American politically correct non-triggering entertainment values. For example, I ran into two quests where the awards were sex with women, without even trying (incidentally if you're trying to be a good guy -- just remember that obvious harlots cannot be trusted!), and the only female crewmember is my hot sister strutting about in her tights and lovely bust. She is generally useless, except that she's very good at acquiring the locations of treasure by ""being nice"" to ornery old pirates. What is not useless is my gnome companion, Jaffar, who likes to steal gold and loots my defeated enemies. We also have an IQ differential that is comparable to our height differential. Jaffar is a good chap though, speaks with a strange accent and talks about his gnome buddies, named Kasim and Ali. Besides the gnomes, you also meet Voodoo natives who I swear are from Africa, with the spiritualism of Native Americans (as interpreted by modern old-worlders), but I'm surely mistaken. In any case, all of these things put together have caused many butt-hurt game reviewers to complain that the game is racist and sexist. Funny as hell though.By the way I applaud Patty's pants because they're low-rise."
,Recommended,249230,26637768,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,BobxRawks³,"Risen 1 + 2 had a weird weird baby. This game is huge, looks pretty and has great gameplay. Voice acting / Writing is still god awful but it's what I want from a Risen title.Seriously Though, play the first 2 before playing this."
76561197988133400,Not Recommended,249230,11779540,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Booties,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,249230,15027093,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Vaako,"Great game.  Somewhat underrated, but the complaints about the ending are spot on.  It ends poorly, but the journey is well worth the effort."
,Recommended,249230,12294852,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Skolia,"Good game, although I'm not quite sure why they decided to have this be a different character than Risen 1 and 2.    Combat system is, unfortunately? the same as Risen 2 although once you get some points in it it's fine."
76561198023412575,Not Recommended,249230,25286806,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,kkdude,"I was excited to play this game but unfortunately it makes me sick when I try. The camera jumps around and randomly zooms in and out during combat and it gives me motion sickness (which is strange because I have never experienced that while playing a game). If you are prone to motion sickness I would stay away, and even if you are not you might find yourself experienceing it."
76561198074794033,Recommended,249230,32490214,Posted: 16 June,all,frescino,Need more games like this
,Not Recommended,249230,11795652,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Meat-ballin',"I usually never write a review for anything unless it is extremely warranted but here we go. This is a more regrettable purchase than WarZ. Boom! You get screwed by the developers here. They know it, you will know it. It is absolutely disgusting that they come out with something like this.*EDIT* I came back to the review and figured I should add that when you play this game, just don't expect anything spectacular. I concluded its made to be bad. I can understand that, but not for $50 can a game be that intentionally bad.Oh, its pretty? So what?! It doesn't even preform well and is a mockery of a game that should come out in this day and age.I feel like I have been pretty ripped off by the quality of this game for the price of $50. I think I have been made fun of for purchasing this game due to the extreme lack of quality and substance. I cannot believe this is even on Steam's market right now to be absolutely honest. For $50 you expect a game to actually be polished and work well and play well. Risen 3 does nothing of the sort. This is the type of game I would have expected to come out in 2003, not 2014 and certainly not for that price tag. It was advertised as an improvement from Risen 2 in every way and offering a new experience in ways of storytelling and combat that will be relished. That is completely false. Actually the biggest load of crap I have fallen for.The combat system is the same with no redeeming qualities. Here is how it goes: you strike twice, maybe 3 times, most of which the enemy blocks if they are a humanoid, then the enemy strikes where you hold down the RMB until you get to throw a strike of your own. You can try and dodge, but guess what? The enemy will probably come at you with his strike nearly teleporting to hit you. This is the entirety of the combat system. Nothing built on and certainly nothing improved. Nothing tactical or even trying with this system. It literally consists of just waiting and waiting and waiting. COMBAT SHOULDN'T BE BORING, THIS MANAGES TO BE SO. They should be ashamed for trying to get this game out on the market. The creation of this combat system actually makes me feel sick. Thinking you can slap something that bad together and be happy with it is ridiculous and is part of why this game was just a cash grab.The voice acting actually feels like they were joking while making this in the studio. With the main character sounding like he just got out of bed the entire time and Bones (your kool companion) trying to sound interesting and mystical, you can tell nothing was seriously done with this trash. At first I thought it was funny, now its just getting on my nerves and feels like a repeated kick in my junk for falling for this horrid game.I will keep trying to play this game again but heavily discourage it to ANYONE else because it is in all sense of the word, a cheat to the gamer. I really do feel screwed by it in every way."
,Not Recommended,249230,11712752,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,RvB Caboose,"First couple hours of gameplay review: To begin, you have to disable hyperthreading to play the game. Wow. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ console port or lack of quality control here. Then when you do get in the game you quickly get several quests after the intro ""dungeon"". I went to 4 different locations and got owned, so it said to come back to these areas when you level up. Fine. Give me the quest I can do at a low level without making me search 4 locations to find it. Then theres the combat. O the ugly combat. You can parry one maybe two hits from one enemy. If theres more than one enemy, hit and run tactics only get you so far, the rest is luck. Stock up on a lot of healing. The melee mechanics are, flawed, and just downright not fun at all. The environments look decent enough, and the story and open gameplay is what Risen is about so I will continue to play. EDIT: Attrocious! The melee combat is TERRIBLE...  There is a 3 hit combo and a power bash... Heaven help you if there are 3 or more enemies. You just have to double tap a direction and roll around over and over again... This gets old after an hour or so... Avoid this like the plague. 4/10"
76561198120518074,Not Recommended,249230,11823132,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,nickwain15,worst game ever
76561197996694721,Not Recommended,249230,11909035,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Catatöskr,"The game lets you do stuff, wich you can enjoy, if you manage to overlook:Horrible voice-actingunpolished combatdisapointing and overly scripted ""boss-fights""repetetive game play (quests, mini-games, combat)unimaginative writing (which makes the voice acting even worse)a crash here or thereI managed to overlook all that, with frequent pauses of a day or two between play-sessions.What made me write this review? The utterly dissapointing and anticlimatic end.This game is not worth 49,99€, nor 40, nor 30 nor 20."
76561197990643824,Not Recommended,249230,11793052,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,sagi139,progres and cerctar bukd is buring slow lac fo items game tht can b good but is not i give it a 6
76561197966767246,Not Recommended,249230,11892162,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,x[EC],"Its has some bugs that will♥♥♥♥♥♥u off a bit, should have been fixed in betaFor an open play game eveyone you meet knows your life story it seems and people you know act like you never met you, odd.Could be much better but not a bad game.6/10 is my view on it.As for recommending it, not so much - I would not buy it againI know a bit of a poor review - same for the game, both could be much better"
76561197984741125,Recommended,249230,16848853,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Tris,"""Yip yip! I am Jaffar. A big ♥♥♥♥♥ing hero and friend Homis!"" (c) Gnoo under a hat of the Captain Steelbeard's"
76561198101223357,Recommended,249230,27625197,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[noobsunited]maniXX,"I liked the game. Well it is not a Withcer 3 or Skyrim, but still a good 3 rd person RPG game."
,Recommended,249230,17632367,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,kakotan2143,"Well worth the 8.00 I paid for it.. all jesting aside... This game series is fun. If they had a better budget and more people I think this series would have been up there with the likes of Dragon Age... Still though RISEN 3 ends a very good series of RPGs. A gamer series most that arent true rpgers will give a chance cause they only read the score on some website.The magic combat is this game is awesome! IAlso I know it doesnt show much time for me but I sat and watched my brother play this game and I gotta say, its better then Risen 2 that almost got named Pirates of Dark Water lol no i jest but it does make for a fun pirate game!"
,Not Recommended,249230,16542280,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,wolfm,Although i consider myself a big fan of Piranha Bytes(i loved Gothic 2 and Gothic 3) i cannot recommend this game. The battles here are atrocious since even the weakest creature can attack and kill your character due to the stupid battle sequences. The dialogs and voice acting are a joke and the main campaign plot is just silly. The entire Risen series had definitely been inferior to the Gothic series but Risen 3 is an especially poor effort.
76561197997117196,Not Recommended,249230,11759523,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Cupcake,"I think there's one character that truly captures the game's problems: your sister. I can imagine that design meeting:""Ok, we need a girl in the game. What do we know about girls? Uh... they have boobs. Good, perfect. Make them huge, because pirates would value the extra buoyancy. Now we have a boob pirate... oh! But let's be different, and instead of eye candy she's your SISTER! Right... so, what do brothers and sisters talk about? Being brother and sister, of course! Make sure that she reminds you with every sentence. That way the player is convinced that she's both a boob pirate AND your sister. It's called immersion. Look it up.""I don't think the game was actually written by a real writer.I've played it for 12 hours. I will probably beat it, and I actually enjoy the game a little despite itself.The overall issue that will prevent me from ever truly recommending the game is how poorly-devised the world is. The writing is stupid -- and I use the word ""stupid"" because it really is the most accurate. It's simply dumb. I actually find myself sympathizing with the writing at times, because the problems remind me so much of the ""books"" I wrote as a young teen (I'm almost 30). Characters say things ALL THE TIME that create a hundred different questions.""If he uses magic he'll die like all the others.""What others? Who died? Who used magic and had it go poorly? Why does everyone treat magic like it's a part of life, a boon, or a blessing, and then this character acts like it's certain doom OUT OF NOWHERE. Why does no one else reflect this? Why haven't I been presented with lore? Why didn't you use this opportunity to GIVE me lore.""If you don't do this you'll die.""How do you know that? Where could this knowledge have possibly come from? Why does the main character not find any of this strange?Those are just two small examples in what feels like an absolute barrage of inconsistencies. I don't feel like a world has been created here. It feels like a few game designers sat around and threw around cliches at each other until they had a script.The main character suffers three-fold: for some reason they wanted him to look like an unlikable version of Christian Bale. His voice actor (or the director) can't seem to nail the mood of a single line. You're constantly being reminded through his gruff cursing that this is a recording of an actor in a booth somewhere, and not a real person. And third, his writing is terrible -- both in WHAT he says, and in his robustness as a character.Some of the voice actors truly are great. There are good performances that stand out, despite the rest of the game. That point needs to be made. But even these GOOD performances have issues. I feel like no one directing the game's talent had any true vision for what the game was supposed to be or how lines were supposed to be delivered. It feels like a discovery-writer's first draft. OR, the opposite problem, they could have had TOO many creative hands in the development. This is an issue of leadership and vision.Perhaps the absolute worst thing about the game is that when it makes me laugh (and it does, it can be quite funny), I'm not completely certain the game MEANT to make me laugh. I'm fairly certain the ""funny parts"" are supposed to be when people curse. I just don't believe the creators were capable of intentionally making me belly-laugh. I don't know if I'm laughing with or at this game.I go back to my earlier comment: this game is stupid, and I hate using that word to describe things. The game labors tirelessly to convince you that not a single talented designer has ever touched Risen 3. I enjoy it a little, and am rather determined to finish it. But every single person who had a creative hand in this game's writing, design and acting needs to take a long, hard look at other themselves or other professions. I would be embarrassed to ask people for money for this game, and I feel foolish having given them the benefit of the doubt."
,Recommended,249230,22351744,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Okami,"Buy this game if you love RPG's, and don't mind if a game is a bit rough around the edges, people who played the previous gothic and risen games know. You will get a good amount playtime for your money, and the game becomes alot of fun as soon you figured out the combat system. As the gothic series and the previous risen games, one of the biggest appeals of the game is the exploration. You will always find some hidden treasure and secrets, if you just look for themThis game gets a bad rap for being not as streamlined and polished as some other AAA rpg's, quite undeserved if you ask me. And i'm not a blinded fanboy of the franchise who desperately wants to defend it. I started playing this game after Witcher 3, and the transition was more than rough, since Witcher 3 was  doing everything right that matters in a good RPG.  Going over to risen was very difficult, since the clunky animations, odd combat system, and campy dialogue made it very appaling after Witcher 3. I even stopped playing entirely until i got back into it much later. But if you're willing to put some effort in the game you can get alot of entertainment out of it. Especially if you love exploring, this game will be for you. While the seperate Islands that you will visit throughout the game are not as huge as for example Skyrim, there are still tons of areas to discover that are completely optional, but will always reward you for exploring them.In conclusion, i'd recommend this game to every rpg fan, although if you only want to play perfectly balanced and polished games, this one might not be for you as it comes with a series of issues coming from the sometimes faulty game design. If you played and like the previous Gothic and Risen games, you can't do anything wrong with this one."
76561198058802613,Not Recommended,249230,31159066,Posted: 15 April,all,Pommes,"By far the worst part of the series.The story is basic, the combat system feels akward and based on luck, there are a lot of bugs and the game overfloates you with side quests.But the worst part are the boss fights. I have never seen such bad boss fights. They are quite unfair (depends a little bit on your equipment), but have still nothing to do with skill. The bosses just spawn infinite little enemies, which are more than just annoying. But if you manage to get through those enemies and hit the boss enough times to get him low, he heals himself. Quite common in RPGs right? But not infinite times! That´s why the bosses often take up to 30 minutes and more and if you have no burst you have no chance at all. Also the bosses have the same attacks like normal enemies so they are uncreative as ♥♥♥♥ as well."
,Not Recommended,249230,11796684,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,★ Nimraiz liekz u ★,".............. buy risen 1 and 2. same clunky combat, just a bit more graphic upgrades. let the cluncky-ness begin!"
76561198012658314,Recommended,249230,11682702,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,jayprof,"Great game, for the Risen series. Don't expect the same level as Skyrim, but this definitely is worth picking up, not sure about the price though."
,Recommended,249230,25882262,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Arvhus,"I've played Risen 3 for about 11 hours now and I can break it down for you pretty easy:1. This isn't a big studio fancy production affair. It has bugs and it has a poor voice acting in places2. Despite this I love it, it's a beautiful game with caveats and funny turns. I've liked the Risen series as a whole, this one takes the cake3. It has a combat system that is moderately unforgiving, not Dark Souls but also not Assassin's Creed. I've only played Demon Hunter and the basic but enjoyed both for the moderate challenge they offer and how one must watch the movements of one's enemies to fight well (I have gotten lazy and died also :P)4. It also has tons to do, so many quests! And most of them are quite interesting (some boring sidequests but they don't interrupt the flow as you can club them together)"
76561198361361097,Recommended,249230,30814256,Posted: 29 March,all,bladewalker404,stroung story so far new to this joined demon hunters
,Not Recommended,249230,16636450,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Mambo Sauce,"This game is alright at best..... I'm a hardcore fan of RPG's and enjoy a game that challenges... however sadly after reading other reviews saying that this game just reqires ""tactics"" and ""doging"" are just hogwash this game is extremely mediocre and lack though passion a sense of caring and depth. I say this game will hold your interest for about 30 hours. But those 30 hours are rarely memorable and fun. Most of this game is a grind and the combat is messy and repetitive. HOWEVER the most major gripe I have with this game is the ""boss fights"" they honestly feel like my 5 year old cousin has made them. They are unfun grinds that pit you againts an infinite amount of spawning minions of the boss and the boss itself is heaing constantly, so you fight off 5 of the minions that dont matter because they give you no XP and never go away and then you return to the boss to find it have full health and maximum power after trying to kill if for 30 minutes. It was stupid game design and poor production values resulting in a failed franchise that makes the player angry rather than reward hard work and time. PLEASE PLEASE VOTE WITH YOUR WALLET AND STAY AWAY FROM THIS ENTRY OF RISEN! Go play the First one for a much better game if you have money to spend on something not this. And if you HAVE toplay this game do yourself a service and pay no more than 8$ for it."
,Not Recommended,249230,14671953,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Brettitonion,cant play game glitches out too much cant even change setting because it is all at the minimum settings this is crap if cant get fixed dont dont waste your money
76561198010155038,Recommended,249230,16975422,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Kateikyoshi,"Before I write something I have to mention that I enjoyed gothic 1,2,3 and risen 1,2. This review will be random and useless.What can I say about this game? It looks cheap like hell. Really. That inventory, sounds, animations, models...everything looks damn cheap. Not like I didn't get used to it but they could have done way better for 2014 year.I am a bit mad because I don't understand what the hell is going on in this game. No prologue, no files to read. I was confused a lot till I reached wiki.Combat system is fine at least.But what I really loved here like in all pirahna games- dialogues. They are hilarious. Word ""♥♥♥♥"" and all its forms are in every damn line. I freaking enjoy it because finally characters talk freely, it feels much better. I also like how companions add some funny commentary when you talk to somebody.I would recommend this game for its current price. As people say it is fun to explore anyways."
,Recommended,249230,30307670,Posted: 3 March,all,ZyphyrX,"The game has very nice graphics even though it's a 2014 game and still looks better than some of the games today. The only bad thing about this game is the voice acting and animation. The voice acting is really bad and Bone makes me feel that he has 2 different voice. The animation looks rocky and not natural. Besides all those things, it's still fun to play."
,Recommended,249230,30284177,Posted: 2 March,all,mazik7,"So I finally end this game at second time, and can write my fresh impressions.I started play it immediately after I finished with Risen 2, and at that moment - I think that this game is a total fail.I'm not finised it, and take a huge time for a rest.But after a long time - my opinion turned to the better side)Of course the fighting system is poor.Of course you have immortal allies.Of course you have that sacred arrows that shows where you can find damned rock cristals for those mages.Of course sea battles is or other mini games are drustraitingOf course final island makes me cry because I expected final battle already, but get some f*cknig marathon to proove it.And this was the easiest gothic/risen game I've ever played.I don't talk about bugs.But I played it with pleasure, even ignoring my sleeping time.Quests were intesting, dialog looked like alive, game is full of sarcasm.+ 1 point for the story of parrot at your ship(Don't know how this creature appeared there). Vudu magic give intersting quest, and, ip ip, I was in a body of f*ckin gnume)So it is a good game for a one time. Any next finishing - only for risen fans(Of cousre I must end it for a mage)"
76561198118551610,Recommended,249230,11791389,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Semen,"Pretty good game, not all big on the storyline, the combat system with Magic is pretty good, swords is decent but not a huge fan with muskets and shotgun..."
,Recommended,249230,17829228,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,xxxxx,Pirates and magic what more do you want?!
76561197985698731,Not Recommended,249230,14070000,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,JKizzle,"Combat is horrible and lack of direction is just infuriating, could not get sucked into it like i wished"
,Recommended,249230,11772213,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Guy Gamer,I'm really enjoying this game.  If you were a fan of Risen 2 you will like it.  It's more refined with the same great universe and humor.  And ♥♥♥♥ Yes Jaffar is back :D
,Recommended,249230,11772870,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,AchillesPalm,great game with great storyline and a great combatsystem if youre looking for a addictive game go for it ive played 46 hrs of it and cant stop
,Recommended,249230,11856421,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Daywana,"Love it, Brings the great memories of the Gothic series before it went down the drain. Don't get me wrong I love Gothic 1 to 3 but the 4th disappointed. Anyways.. I hope that they don't change on how this game is made much. Graphics I love the way they are and I don't think much is needed to changed. I will suggest making is a multiplayer game in the future. Not a MMO. Kinda like a GTA where you can join in to different servers with a number amount of players...Love it and I will play it again and again different styles and paths love it."
,Recommended,249230,11889841,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,FZM RACER X,To the RPG fans out there this a great game with outstanding graphics. If you like the first 2 Risen's then you will love this game they impoved on many things this time around. The game runs smooth on ultra at 4K with my Crossfire Radeon setup.
76561198003116312,Recommended,249230,11891762,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,rod222,a very addicted game  say bye to your social life once you start playing this  game
,Recommended,249230,12038670,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Dajjer,"It's a Pyranna Bytes open world RPG. It's got factions, day an night cycles and FLYING. (albeit as a Parrot). I went through my first run through as a Voodoo Pirate due to having the unlimited flying spell. This was one of my favorite features of the Might and Magic series and they included it in Risen 3. I hope PB keeps it for its upcoming games.The game does have its issues however. The number one being an over relience on arcadey sequences with its boss monsters. While not as bad as the Risen 1, they are still annoying having them in my RPGs. Why did they feel their games would be improved with that addtion. The game also had some irratating video sequences. They use the same brutal combat sequence for killing baddies as they do challanging an ally. It makes no sense for an ally to get up after you slit his throat . . .It make me ask the question, If your original template is the superior Gothic, what direction would you take to make the game better?The game world is fairly large but needed a wider diversity of monsters. And it needed more regular human monsters/bad guys. (Remember the bandit caves in Gothic 2)  The bullet shield was wortlhess becasue there simply aren't many baddies with guns. The cities needed more people and way way way more women. And while the game was mostly set in a carribean setting, I would have preferred a couple different climates. ( I admit a preference to snow)The UI is horrible. It needs more tabs. Some of the screen inforamation has to be scrolled when there is no need to such a thing. And some of the Voodoo Pirate magic is stored as a weapon and not as a spell. Those items should have been sold as wands not spells.Powergamers can easily have godly avatars by the mid game if they smartly allocate but since my avatars are usually well rounded (I allocate dumbly) I didn't achieve the near invulnerable status until the end game. Many powergames who achieved that early power, looked at the game as super easy. However that is ""never"" a problem with me because my main enjoyment of open world RPGS is exploration.  And this game does have it. And couple open world exploration with flying and this game many times had me in RPG nirvana.The moronic video combat sequences, the horrible UI and the far too many arcade sequences knock this game down a few notches. But the nicely implemented open world, the over all great voice acting, superior music all coupled with flying take away many of the flaws. I would rate this game 7.8 to 8.5."
76561197961600434,Recommended,249230,14411689,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,commodore128,"I've been a fan of Gothic, 1, 2 and 3, Played Risen 1 and 2. The game is good, fighting mechanic's are not great.One major I issue I have with the game, is that the game it's self seems more like an Expansion of Risen 2 then a new game entirly. I also over the pirate theme never liked it.It was still worthwhile, but still lacked the feeling of being a real RISEN 3."
76561198055911628,Recommended,249230,17754562,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,BakedImmortal84,really having a good time with this game and from what ive seen it allows for many different versions of ure character
76561198002986817,Recommended,249230,17182438,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Phantom Virus,"Fantastic game! I will admit, I am a sucker for fantasy rpgs and pirate games but I loved it. I was a fan from the Risen series from the get go and I enjoyed this game thoroughly. I know, It is easy, way easy, super easy. For me, that didn't detract from the game. So the gameplay was easy, the rest of the game is amazing. I love how beautiful and big the islands are to explore, I liked the story and the game content involved. The character's batman voice was a bit hard at first but you grow on it. I have so many hours in this game, you can't believe it, I really enjoy long games. I love the risen series and this one was great. If you like rpgs with amazing worlds and tons to do then this is for you even if it is easy. I can't wait to see what Piranha byte does next and I might play their old stuff in Gothica. RPG's are my thing, and this series was everything I like from RPGs and more. Risen 1 was a good world and very hard. The second one was a great pirate game with a good story and something I could get behind. Risen 3 had beautiful world, funny characters, and a perfect length. I think you would all enjoy the Risen series, and I'm sad to see it end."
76561197971663658,Recommended,249230,18499870,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,alkemmy,"Having played 14 hours of ther game, I've had to revise my opinion downwards.  Still a recommended deal if you can get it 75% off, but it's not worth full whack. It's a few steps improved over Risen 2, but sadly still suffers from jerky movement and scrolling control -- easy enough for the programmers to fix by upping the screen refresh, but they don't seem to take such suggestions on board, despite just about every review of earlier games going on about it.  As you progress through the learning curve, and get used to the awkward klunky combat control, you wait in constant expectation of the game getting better -- but it doesn't.  It's island hopping and running chores for NPCs who can't do simple tasks themselves.  ""Rough round the edges"", but for the discounted price, it's a steal.  Dialogue has clearly been recorded at different studio sittings rather than sequentially and often doesn't flow smoothly, or share environmental reverb effects, or even mesh sensibly.There's some minor humour in this dry game when Mud joins the team, but only because he's an annoying pest and a hindrance.  All integrity leaves the game if and when you choose to become a ""Voodoo Pirate"", that's just silliness, but alas it may be necessary to progress the levels if you can't make headway joining the mages.  Some quests won't resolve -- bugs in the code -- so don't expect to rattle through this one on autopilot.They've back-pedaled in gameplay processes to Risen 1, which it resembles a bit too much.  Worth investing in Risen 1 if you haven't got it, as it's the stand-out of the 3 games so far."
76561198039489127,Recommended,249230,19280803,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,raven,"First of all, let me emphasize that this is a Piranha Game in all aspects. Which is good for me, but apparently does not fit well with some people.I started playing Piranha Games with Gothic 1 and played every game since, so I knew what to expect and am happy to report that the NPCs talk at length about trivial things and have to be forced to get to the point, you only get a fixed set of useful Armor that is restricted to your Group etc.A lot of people apparently don't like this, but for me that's a Piranha Game. If you liked the first two Gothics, this game is for you.Warning: From here on there might be SpoilersAs a long-time fan, here's what I think about Risen 3 compared to the Gothic series and the other two Risens:I loved it. It reminded my why I fell in love with Gothic and I am going to play it again to see the way the game goes if you choose to be something else then a Voodoo-Pirate.In comparison to Risen 2 I think it's much better. Which is great, as I thought Risen 2 was way better then Risen 1, so this seems to be a trend.Even the usually sucking Piranha Final Boss Battle was bearable. As a reminder, in Risen 1 the final Boss Battle neglected all your ""life choices"" and stuck you into magic Armor and Weaponry that made you a great fighter, even if you had gone the Mage way and put you into some kind of Arcade-Battle against a Big-Boss. Ugh.Risen 2 had Mara, but I only remember from that fight that I didn't like it.This time, it had sucking moments, sure. But I could play to my strengths I acquired during the game and at one point Bones jumped in to save the day, which I assume was a bug, but I liked it.Compared to the Gothic Series I dare say this is the game I was hoping for when Gothic 3 came out. It had all the charm, wits and anecdotes that made the first two Gothic Parts great and none of the empty world and hastily crafted Quests. Playing Risen 3 I couldn't but think of how great a game Gothic 3 could have been if it came out a year later. Even half a year.So all good? Of cause not. There are a lot of things they can do better and I hope they will for Risen 4. But none of the following ""bad stuff"" really impacted my great experience, so read them as ""minor issues"".The Bad stuff- I love the Kila, but hate the Post-Imperialistic, ""noble savage"", ""half naked exotic beauty that speaks in Umpa-Lumpa"" stile. You can do better than just throwing together all the cliche to mix up a ""tribe"".- Whatever happened to Patty? Why does she look like some Pirate-Porn Star? Honestly, this kind of ""Fan Service"" makes me feel treated like a 14 year old with a puberty issue. I see what you thought I would like and feel dirty.- Where's my Marvin Mode? One of the really cool things about Piranha Games was the ""and now I will change everything to how I like it"" Marvin Mode. Missed it greatly. Reduces replay-value. Basically, give me back my Marvin Mode.- If I have to hear Bones say ""Aus deiner Haut mache ich mir eine Mütze!"" one more time...- I would have liked a way to solve the Noise behind Paula's house without killing the armadillo.- Light. I know this does not happen to everyone, but every time I entered a cave darkness took me like a black flood that even torches could not dispense. Looting caves without telekinesis was basically impossible as I could not see anything smaller then a sword.- Story-restriction to Voodoo body-snatching. I get that this could be a story breaker, but there have to be better ways to restrict this then simply allowing it only if it fits the narrative.The ""meh"" StuffThese things I could go without* Astral View. Never used it. No idea why I would or should have.The Great Stuff+ The World. I liked to just hang out with the Pirates on Kila or the Kila on Kila (Reaaallly smooth...) or...+ The Characters. There are no Diegos, but a lot of likeable NPCs and taking some of them along was great fun.+ The Story. It was easy to follow without being too predictable. Yeah, there was obviously some arch-nemesis going to be there for the surprisingly minor-sucking End Battle, but other then that I liked it. Quests were mostly fun too.+ Easy mode that means ""easy fights"" for people like me who take fighting as a ""have to do that"" in RPGs+ Mud. Yeah, really. Loved it. Even took him along after he left on his own free will. That's how it goes with old “friends”...++ Parrot-Flight. You'll know it when you get it. I've spend hours flying around."
,Recommended,249230,11847822,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Autistic Kid,"Risen 3 Titan Lords is in fact, a great game, there are a few things that makes the game better and that it is not like a Risen 2.5.- Jumping finally has animations, jumping forward in risen two was just bending one of your knees and that's it.-You can swim again in this game, which is pretty useful.-you have a new ability, called Astral Vision, and if you upgrade it you will be able to find hidden chests, gold, plants etc.-you can use magic in each faction, I always loved using magic in a PB game so for me it's a plus.-More flora and fauna, parrots flying around.-You can turn into an evil person (shadow) or a human, depending if you're nice to people or not, which makes dialogue more interesting and you should be careful of what you say.and a few more things, but can't think of it now, like I said 10/10, a score of 5.2 is not what this game really deserves, you just didn't play it too much, or you only played the beginning saying that it's a pirate game."
76561197964259788,Recommended,249230,11865756,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,ActionMike,"Piranha Bytes has done it again! They are behind the Gothic franchise - in my oponion - simply the best Action RPG ever made. Now they've completed Risen with a 3. installment and i have to say, what a game! Ever since Gothic (expect Gothic 4, which wasnt made by Piranha Bytes, explains the failure..) I've never felt the same atmosphere in another RPG. Never the feel, the sense of detail and intriguement... But oh boy, have they made a huge succes with Risen 3! From the combat system, crafting, the thirst for exploring, to combat magic and fun characters!Everywhere you go everything has a purpose and nothing is random. I love it. Risen 3 is difenitly the best of the 3 games, its like they have found the perfect balance from the other games and made it awesome. Try it, if you love a good Action RPG and you find the other blockbuster RPG tedious, lack of feel and soul - buy Risen 3, you wont regret it. Support Piranha, so they will keep on making awesome Action RPG's. Long live Piranha Bytes - and im not even german! :)"
76561198052953609,Recommended,249230,12205989,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,zerksud,"I changed speech to german cause didn't like main hero's voice in english, and joined Guardians cause magic gloves work without auto-jumping to nearest enemy as swords do, and, yeah, I enjoyed the game!Gothic II probably was better, but it's still game from Piranha Bytes with same Gothic spirit."
,Recommended,249230,12117339,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Grimnir,AMAZING GAME!! If you are a fan of the Gothic series and have never had a similar experience with any other game then that has ended here and now! Risen 3 has brought back the unique game style that Gothic had.I really recommend this game it is well worth the price!
,Recommended,249230,32485895,Posted: 16 June,all,DarthPeter,Good game with lots of choice. It has some beautiful design . You really feel like you are making decisions in this game.
,Recommended,249230,11933103,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Jonaleth,"Don't let the metacritic rating fool you, but don't expect BioWare quality either.Risen 3 is a solid and competent roleplaying game.  Featuring a decent magic and combat system, interesting variations on ""classess"" (factions within the game), interesting and attractive environments, a good looting and gear system and a good chunk of play time, its a game that can be easily enjoyed with a little patience and forgiveness.  The leveling system is complex and interesting, asking you to increase stats to be able to learn perks and improvements to your combat abilities, which can be bought from trainers scattered all over the world.What is wrong with the game are niggles and annoyances more than bugs or bad concepts, and even then are only highlighted because we, as consumers, have come to expect things that aren't provided here.  For example, the story told in the game is threadbare and confusing, never coherently explaining what's going on or why we should care.  This is only exacerbated by the  dubious voice acting, particularly by your own character who speaks in a constant gruff monotone.  There are allusions to the past games that can make it even more confusing, such as a cameo by the past two games protagonist that should be foreshadowing and cool but is instead just strange.The dialogue options are not the range you would expect for an RPG, giving you little choice and little chance to actually roleplay, being limited to gruff piratey responses rather than varied.  The combat system takes some getting use to, and requires a combination of attack, dodge, parry and riposte, and enemies have a tendency to mob you even when there are other characters attacking them, resulting in a lot of constant dodging and pot shots until their ranks are thinned and you're back in control.  This can sometimes be exacerbated by clipping problems, or the mobile camera being blocked by scenery.Overall, Risen 3 is worth playing and enjoyable if your expectations aren't too high, and I would recommend playing it when the price drops to a level that is better value for money."
76561198065589032,Recommended,249230,17662872,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,MutedForHonesty,"Pirates, profanity, drinking, sailing, treasure hunting, rumour chasing, sea battles, sea battles with sea monsters, hard to leard but super fun combat system, micromanaging the character development, micromanaging inventory, lots of magic, mining, gathering, hunting, item crafting, diplomacy, exploration, diverse environments with diverse occupants, some nice speeches, interesting story, and so much more in this high fantasy RPG. 30+ hours in it and I still want more, will need to replay it sometime. Go buy it, it's worth full price."
76561198312026722,Recommended,249230,32494539,Posted: 16 June,all,Bloody creeps !,nice game really enjoyed it
,Recommended,249230,31940149,Posted: 24 May,all,Plains Of Eidolon,"ONE OF THE GREAT GAME SINCE I BUY, Only who are not interested in this type of game will give negative feedback, overall is awesome, bcos diff people diff taste this should be Positive."
76561198052764446,Not Recommended,249230,13414382,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,azure11,Feels like an rpg clone and is super mechanical repetition.
76561198089381364,Recommended,249230,32324624,Posted: 10 June,all,Ninjamestari,"A very underappreciated game. Has a lot of flaws similar to Risen 2, but the combat isn't completely as bonkers, and overall a very satisfying experience. The game gets better the further you go, and once your character starts packing some punch, the combat no longer gets in the way of enjoying the game as much. One thing I can't get past is that the main character sounds a bit like Jason Statham, and I still can't decide if I like it or not. Jaffar also makes a comeback which is always nice. 7/10, a solid adventure RPG with an apocalyptic/pirate theme."
76561198066749129,Recommended,249230,13256979,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Farawyn,"Killed a duck, got chicken legs."
76561198069001427,Recommended,249230,25407435,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Cilumbia,"Idk why people are complaining about the combat, it's really not that difficult to get used to and work with if you put your mind to it. This is actually a really good RPG game, the price might be a little steep for what it is, but if you can pick it up during a sale give this game a go!"
,Recommended,249230,15068948,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Chandler,"Overall a decent, but not great, game.If you played and enjoyed Risen or Risen 2 (or any of the Gothic games, for that matter), this game will feel immediately familiar. It continues with the pirate-y themes from the second, which I wasn't crazy about, but it didn't take away from the game too much for me.The gameplay mechanics are solid enough, and the graphics are decent. The voice acting and dialogue is almost all hilariously terrible, and the story is pretty poor, but I still found myself enjoying playing it.Honestly, there are better games out there. There are better games trying to do this exact same thing that you could play instead. I tend to have a soft spot for wonky European RPG games though, so take this recommendation with that in mind.In the end, should you play this? Maybe. Did you play and like the other ones, and did you want more of that? If yes, get this. You know what you're getting in to. Do you just want an open world RPG and haven't played one before? You can probably find better options. If you're looking for deep character customization or a great story, you'd be better off looking elsewhere.Still, not bad. I enjoyed it and it's lengthy enough."
,Recommended,249230,31859387,Posted: 20 May,all,kammarat radomir,"one word ""awesome"""
76561198164231286,Not Recommended,249230,14687906,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,123,I Havent played for a long time but i can tell u some cons. combat style is boring fighting more than 1 enemy is difficult even on easy setting last but not least is that ur attack is so ♥♥♥♥ing slow to the point were ur in the middle of an attack and the enemy unleashes a 3 hit combo on u.
,Recommended,249230,17149755,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Schmaples,"Don't let all the bad reviews led you astray. If you like the charm of all the Gothic/Risen games, this is a great RPG for under $10-15There are some bugs and minor unpolished, but hey, that is part of the charm this series provides in my opinion. Textures, shaders and the level design are great quality as always - but of course, the animations are awkward like all games in the series. The story is meh, but the exploration is simply amazing. Nice free-roam options compared to past games.I started back in the day with Gothic I+ and this game hits the right spot.FYI. Just never play Arcania: Gothic 4."
76561198004576546,Not Recommended,249230,14816241,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Roy,"Very poor combat mechanics, uninteresting NPCs, and did not create an enjoyable experience for me."
,Recommended,249230,20028094,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Hyb_rid,Taking most of the good mechanics from it's predecessors Risen 3 offers solid and fun gameplay with mediocre/uninteresting story in large world offering various environments separated into 9 islands.
,Recommended,249230,21382390,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Ian Storm,"Risen 3 - Titand Lords(Scroll down for a tl;dr version.)As a fan of the classic Gothic series I was really looking forward for this game, since I heard that Piranha Bytes got back the rights of the Gothic series. And also, when I started playing this game, I was not disappointed regarding this aspect; I was amazed by all the elements and jokes that I knew from Gothic. Finally, I could fight some Scavengers again. But this is not what makes it a good game. Actually, I was uncertain about liking or disliking the game.Pros:+ Level/map design: There are caribbean-like islands in the south, and ""not-so-sunny"" islands, like an island with swamp, a somehow big forest or partially wasteland (with lava and burnt down trees)+ Very much related to the previous point: Exploration. I am pretty sure that I did all possible quests, that I collected every piece of loot, and I did not even get tired of it. And still there was room for more, because it did not use the parrot a lot.+ Incredible high amount of quests+ The fractions: I liked the division of the voodoo pirates, the wardens and the demon hunters. Not only stupid bad guys from king's army and good guys from the rebels.+ They finally gave me some Gothic-feeling again:E.g. you can screw around with some peasants or Jack who was kicked out of his light-house, like in Gothic II.+ Something that I found out too late: The evil dialog options are really funny. I really laughed when I was mad at some of the gnomes. (E.g. the one that is enslaved, where you could go and tell him ""Sorry, but I needed the money."" After you got paid for not telling anybody that he is enslaved.)Cons:- The so called ""story"": Like in Risen 1, the end of the game feels artificially stretched. Risen 2 did this far better. Not only this, the story is just weak in total.- Combat system- Difficulty level far too low( - Despite the environment's variety, there is no snow level :'( )Risen 3 is, in my opinion, not a milestone in the history of RPGs. But it does quite a good job. Also, I would not have thought about thumbs down, if there wasn't this horrible last island. Why did the developers think like ""For the end of the story, let's build the f***ing largest island, tell the hero that time is running out so bad, but still there is time to run from one side of the island to the other, just to find some camps, that aren't even useful."" Seriously Piranha Bytes, what the f**k?Moreover, you (the developers) could have just let Eldric and the other two die. I really would have prefered it in this way. But no, even in the hardest fight in the history of humans, no ""important"" characters dies (excluding Horas). That is a childish story.But I was able to spend around 70 hours of fun with that game, which I pretty much like (Until now I spend 80h playing this game. So 10h of ""not-fun"".)Sorry, if you expected more Gothic related information. In the draft I had much of this stuff, but I decided to remove these things more or less completely. I think I would have to replay Gothic I and II, to being capable of giving a fair review.TL;DRDid you enjoy playing Risen and Risen 2? Then you will most likely also enjoy this game. Because Risen 3 feels like a good extension to the pirate setting of Risen 2. If you don't like becoming a pirate or a voodoo priest, just become a mage or demon hunter, which I think are like the dragon hunters from Gothic II."
76561198030498765,Recommended,249230,17703731,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,THE MORTARING JEW,"having never played any of the previous risen games i can only say that this game is worth the money. exploring is ok , graphics is great. buy this game and you will most certainly get your moneys worth. reminds me of fable one.custumisation of characterslootinggreat graphicsgood feeling in controls and phyisics"
,Not Recommended,249230,23395887,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,twitch.tv/icefoxemily Offline,I feel like they aimed to make a worse game every time they made a Risen game.  Risen 1 was very good and wasn't fantastic but it wasn't garbage.  Risen 2 was really trashy but kept my attention and I was able to get through it and enjoy the story.  But this game.  Oh my god I have never had a worse combat experience ever.  Game says you can chain 3 hits.  No you can not at all.  2 hits fairly easily but the 3rd will always be interupted by an enemy attack and even power attacking enemy block will just cause them to hit you first or roll away instead.  Combat ends up being this really slow boring grind of slash roll slash roll.  Theres no real strat as you get frames when you roll even if the attack hits you.  It feels like it tried to be a budget darksouls combat system and ended up just being trash.  Story is meh.  Not much to say but pirates and feels like a recycled plot from the second game but much more watered down.  Only play if your fan of the games already otherwise the completely garbage combat system will upset you.
,Recommended,249230,18302280,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Murky,"As a long time Gothic fan, if you've played and enjoyed those games, I would get this without a doubt.Theres loads of exploring ( it's a PB game), querky characters (stale humor), loot everywhere (without annoying cap limits), and no respawning monsters (thank you jesus)."
76561198045675742,Recommended,249230,11747956,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Demonfire,"I have played risen 1 which I loved then risen 2 which wasn't as much... it went much more linear and felt forced to move along.. Risen 3 seems to be more of a retreat back to what I loved about the original, take your time and move along at your leisure.Comabt early on is very clunky... and isn't much fun... you spend more time retreating/healing than actual fighting.. However once you join a faction it gets easier.. I joined the guardians and range spells are the way to go."
76561197993288786,Recommended,249230,12574254,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Invest,I love this game! It's so incredibly beautiful and the RPG elements are awesome!  People tell real stories and you can wander around and explore the whole islands and find stuff and fight monsters. Risen rpgs <3
76561198064786812,Not Recommended,249230,32276384,Posted: 8 June,all,Al_Halunkah,Gothic 2 > Gothic > Gothic 3 > Risen 3 > Risen > Risen 2You may like this game if- you are german- you actually think that Gothic 3 (post community patch) was a good game- you appreciate beautifully designed worldsDon't buy it if- you want a polished combat system- you expect a deep plot- you have problems with bad game design decisionsalso this game has damn good looking lava ...
76561198035808914,Not Recommended,249230,11775341,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Pilgrim,"You may look at this game and think its looks good enough to try... so did i until i played it. Dont buy unless on a mega sale waste of money. Dodgey characters,♥♥♥♥♥♥gameplay and terrible FPS 4/10. PS it treats you like a child."
76561198023293461,Not Recommended,249230,11741453,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,dazedsheep,"This is one of my first reviews for a game on steam, so I will try my best to cover the pros and cons of Risen 3. I will bring the conclusion at first, so that people searching for an indicator may find my judgment without reading the whole text.IMPORTANT: This games has problems with some CPUs or system configurations! - It won't work in some cases!! - Therefore, consult the PB forum for more information!Conclusion: This game is not worth 50 €/$. Let me be me ore specific: For fans of Risen it may be a must have, but for all others that are looking for a good/excellent rpg game which provides you with tons of quests, variety, a good combat system, polished gameplay and game engine, Risen 3 should not be your choice. The graphics engine is really old, textures are not provided in a high resolution, and even the world design (even if it is really good) cannot hide the shortcomings of the really old engine. The designers tried their best but the engine does not provide enough features to create a fully living world and this is experienced in the very first moments you enter the jungle in Risen 3. This fact is reflected if you take a closer look at the scene. The models are, how shall I say, really really bad; no (face) gestures at all, animations are choppy.  Another very important aspect of an RPG is the combat system. This is the biggest shortcoming of Risen 3. First, it is completely unbalanced. In the early stages of the game each creatures might be your death, later on you feel like god and nothing can really kill (except you head for a coffee and it takes you 5 minutes until you come back ...). Second, the factions are more or less a nice to have but after you have learned the most ""skills"" the spells earned by the factions are just for fun and do not seriously influence the combat.Detailed Review:Impressions/Opinion:I have to admit, I am a very big fan of Gothic 1 & 2. One reason that I bought the game were the reviews that are provided by computer magazines. In fact it was the ""open world"" which disappointed me already in the beginning of the game. I felt somehow cheated because the game has not the freedom as a Gothic 1 or 2. It still fells like Risen 2. NO, there is no ""open world"" or freedom in the game, except the selection of the so-called factions. The game follows a strict chapter system and islands are quite linear. The world does not feel like its living. If you have cleared/killed all creatures on an island, you are done, there is nothing left to kill and there will nothing respawn (that’s it). Sure, there are a lot of side quests but there is no real difference between the main story and the side quests. I have played many RPGs but I seldom come across such a bad story telling. The ""quests"" are very generic like, ""kill x"", ""bring me xyz"". It feels like playing an really old RPG in 2014. If you have seen the 5 (including the first one where you start and are brought back to ""life"") main islands, which are not that big as it looks like in the beginning, there won't come any more (SPOILER: a sixth island at the end for the very last fight/quests). The combat system is useless at its best. In the early game it feels like every creature may be the last creature you will face and after the first 4 hours you get so strong that fights become just a necessity and does not feel like an epic fight. I won't talk about boss fights because they are not really any better but writing about them may spoiler one or two things. But, bosses are just like events, nice to watch. A real challenge is the gameplay and that you do not fall off some shores or edges if you are hunting for hidden places...Technical discussion:There is not much positive to say. As already mentioned in the conclusion the engine is old and the models are far from state-of-the-art, such as in Witcher 2 or BioShock Infinite. The models are definitely missing vertices, such as the terrain and everything in this game. The textures have a really low resolution and sometimes they look awkward and misplaced. Furthermore, the game crashes from time to time (if it even decides to run on your system).  The animations of the models are really choppy and are not that smooth as someone may expect for a game that was released mid 2014.Last words:I am just curious why this game got such good review from computer magazines. This game is just a refresh of Risen 2 with some really MINOR improvements. In fact, its more like a joke for 2014. PB you could have done way better and you know it!Fans will buy it anyway, but all the others should think twice!"
,Not Recommended,249230,26036743,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Romestamo,"this game looks very nice, but unfortunately, the animations are from a game out of 2005, and the SFX is awful, and most horrendously the voice acting is worse than porn."
,Not Recommended,249230,11742655,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,TheDevil,"So ive beaten the game. My end cutscene went to play and the character starts walking to the camp on skull island. It looked like Bones was going to say something but before he could it cut to the ship sailing out of the island. So if i want that end sequence ive got to kill the end boss again which is ok i never got anything from the story in this game so I will wait for someone to upload it on youtube.So complaints.1) Combat starts off very slow, this is the only game ive ever played where you absolutely rely on your companion to kill things when you first start.2) Combat requires no skill. You can cheese almost every fight effortlessly there is little to no reward to killing anything except for the 3rd Kraken which is the only truely frustrating part of the game.3) Glitches, Oh my god glitches i felt like I was playing an Alpha of Risen 3 mind you none of these glitches caused a blue screen, full system crash, or crash of game.4) Guidance at times is at an absolute bare minimum. I consider myself an Intelligent person and I found myself frustrated more then a few times even after listening to all dialog options. My most annoyed moment would be the Books of Evil quest from the Demon hunters for your first promotion.5) Dialog was often incredibly annoying and no I am not talking about the Gnomes their dialog was intended to be absolutely annoying. Thankfully right clicking cured this for me just dont do it during a quest giver.6) Cutscenes throughtout the game are soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo excessive and not in a good way like Metal Gear Solid 4's 7 or 8 hours of cutscenes, Most cutscenes in this game are clearly rushed everything from key speakers faces blurring out to horrible choices of background music which most of the time sounded incredibly close to the fight music.7) Enemy Diversity is bleh. I also took note of the spiders working with the shadows on skull island. Was mostly confused by that considering the Oracle was using them to attack both humans and shadows from what that whole ♥♥♥♥ty story explained.8) Most points of the game I would complete quests like allying with the Inqusition and it had a moment to do a cutscene or give dialog options and it wouldnt. So when you kill Sebastion it just cutscenes to your boat pulling into its destination and your character saying well they will fight for us. There felt like a lot of information was just skipped over it felt like listening to an average 5th graders explination of their family vacation. There were holes all throughout leaving you wanting much more. I just wanted a ""Hey thanks for saving us from that crazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ i thought he was going to kill me next."".9) Some skills pop up as weapons in your equipment page whereas some skills like Monkey Trainer pop up as an Item in your inventory so you have to dig and find them. I for instance forgot I had monkey trainer which actually would have been helpful much earlier on in the game but when you buy skills theres no hey idiot your skill is right here when its not going to be in the normal place.So in closure I still will not recommend this game until it goes on sale. This game is like Aliens Collonial Marines half made garbage which is only good for killing time when absolutely bored. Regardless of my complaints I did find myself having fun with Demon Hunter skills stacked with blade dancer and how OP they make you if you are melee built. That build literally makes you 2 shot a Shadow Lord in about 1/8th of a second. The game was waaaaaay too easy. I barely died at all with all of them being in the same spot the 3rd Kraken.This is one of the few games Ive played and gotton bored while playing...I had literally more fun in Aliens Colonial Marines then this and that was a flaming POS with a much better written story.5/10 its very ""Meh"""
76561198015109928,Recommended,249230,12230134,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,raquave,"Eh it is what it is, nothing more.  Nothing less.  I enjoyed the game because I also ejoyed teh previes to risen games.  Take a chance if you like that style of game.7-10Qraqy"
76561198140572309,Recommended,249230,24255176,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,pipylipsag,Great game.
76561197979747603,Not Recommended,249230,34237941,Posted: 14 August,all,Darth Cannabis,"While it may be a good title on its own for someone who has never played 1 or 2, I just cannot recomend it, being a fan of previous installments in the series. There are just too many signs, where I see it havign been dumbed down for console for me to ignore past an hr into the game. If you want to feel like a pirate and enjoy part of the series for that reason, I recomend 2 over 3, many times over.One of the 1st things to turn my stomach, is the oversized HUD and text elements comapred to previous games. I understand why this is (people on tvs, typically sit further back, or the tv may jsut be small), but to me its just one of those little reasons why I believe in PC games developed for PC, and console for console. If you do cross develop, then do that little extra effort to distinquish the 2 mediums. Don't be lazy, and ruin a good PC set up.The 2nd thing, is Patty. Different clothing fine. Different hair, not thrilled but is explainable (dyes and coloring are often picked up by pirates from natives), but how drastically all the changes to her are is a shame. Wrong body structure, facial structure, eye color, complection, and so on. Even her attitude seems wrong. That character designer should have been physically punished.Then we get to the combat system, which contrary to what some say I find is NOT better than previous games. To compare just to 2, parry and block were not the same thing in that. They seem to have just made parry and block same in 3. Giant Crabs were not just knocked over with a power attack, but you had to learn a kick skill to do so, which added another tactical aspect to the sword fighting. For example, the kick was also good as a quick knock back on ghouls after their 3 hits, to open a window for a power attack, or to knock back a jaguar for a pistol shot on it, etc. Instead combat in 3 has been reduced to attack, power attack, block (I am calling it, since as explained, block and parry used to be more separate, but also an slightly off timed parry would result in a feint like dodge that WAS NOT A ROLL.) and roll (which is something I loathe in games. A true swordsman would see it as ONLY a last resort, as the moment you leave your feet your on a set tragectory and easy target for a quick stab or slash.)Then we get to the enemies themselves. They even seem somewhat dumbed down. Remember coming across your 1st warriors in 2? They likely killed you, or you had to run and retreat. 1st warriors you come to in 3? A complete joke. Giant Crabs, whiel never a major threat, have become more of a joke. Only saving grace is ghouls seem to not have changed."
76561198025895622,Not Recommended,249230,11771919,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,nk,"Pre-purched it... totaly not worth that much money.The game controls are clunkier than Assassins Creed the first one.Voice-acting is so garbage it could have been me doing it.I dont recommend this for♥♥♥♥♥♥ Unless you just want to see how you should not make a game.I can understand people following the series can relate to this. But as a new player to the Risen franchise, I think this is a step back in video-game design."
76561198006968243,Not Recommended,249230,11751414,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Rocket,"The game itself isnt too bad but it is let down to the point of wihing that id never bought it because of the combat.Its clunky one sided and flawed, every time you engage in combat you get two or three gang up on you, you havent got enough health, you dont cause enough damage and attacks take ages to initiate and you also end up half way across the map beacuse it lunges forward.In a nutshell, if you iked risen 2 then dont buy this game."
76561197966884089,Not Recommended,249230,11776249,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Bakchoy Bob™,"I mean I haven't played to long but here is what I've taken from it so far.   The graphics are kinda nice. Yeah ok whatever. The character models are kind of meh. The story might be good?  My main issue with this game is the combat.  It is so terribly boring and unsatisfying when you attack something with your sword.  If you land a blow thats not blocked you knock the enemy an unreasonable distance backwards.  When you do that three hit combo or killing an enemy (I can't remember which one) you do this ridiculous ""finishing move"" where your character just kinda stabs the enemy or does some unnecessary flourish.  Meanwhile, if you have a companion they just kind of sit there while you do this flourish and look at your like you are a complete doofus.  Overall I bet the game has a good story but I just really can't get past the snooze-fest that is the combat system."
,Not Recommended,249230,11832728,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Cook66,"This game launched with a crippling bug which makes it load forever when you try to start a new game. The developer has done nothing to solve this issue and has ignored my requests for a solution and refund.This is a widespread problem for a huge amount of people.STAY AWAY from this ""game"" don't waste your money.I was a huge fan of previous titles from this developer, but all good-will has been lost with how this has (not at all) been handled."
,Not Recommended,249230,11829692,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,annikajade,Doesn't work.. Plebs.
,Recommended,249230,24811810,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Skeleren,"Very cool game, I recommend playing it."
76561197970739839,Not Recommended,249230,17758054,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Famine,"not as good as the previous 2 games, this one starts you in a cutscene-filled tutorial, then kills you by cutscene, as a way to then drop your stats and gear to a 'starting' point.i had to drop my screen resolution to get it to run smoothly, it has a very bad habit of taking control away from the player repeatadely. while previous games did this as well on occasion, it is more pronounced and annoying with this one.patty (from games 1 and 2) and bones(from game 2) make an early appearance. the voice acting quality feels worse overall."
76561197993756185,Not Recommended,249230,13651815,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Cunnilingus Academy,"The only reason I am not recommending this game is it's price tag... the quality of this game is NOT up to par with other titles in the $49.99 price range. I purchased the game during the Holiday sale when it was $24.99, and personally, I believe that's about what this game is worth. I'll list off some things that bothered me and, yes, I understand I've only played the game for about an hour... but that hour alone gave me enough ""feel"" for the game to know that I simply do not enjoy playing it and I probably will not boot it up again.1. The intro was rushed, and it felt cheap and plagurized.A. You start off on a boat sailing to who knows where, from who knows where (possibly this information is known if you've played Risen 2, which I haven't, but I still had no idea what was going on in the beginning of the game), and seemingly out of no-where, you're attacked by pirate sea creatures STRAIGHT out of Pirates of the Caribbean. I don't have the slightest doubt in my mind that the artists had pictures from PotC up on google as they designed these guys.B. During this intro, the game briefly shows you how to move and look around, jump, attack, unsheath your weapon, shoot your gun, dodge, etc. The controls just feel off to me. If this makes sense, which I hope it does to some of you out there; there are just some games out there with controls so fine-tuned that you could do an obsticle course, jump from object to object, avoid things swinging at you, etc, with ease (think TF2, CS:GO, CoD, Skyrim). In this game there is no way in hell I would be able to jump from object to object or dodge ANYTHING, the controls feel that lousy and unsynced. A side note added onto that... when I hold down the sprint key... I want to sprint NOW, not after a delay of 1 second.2. The story. (FIRST HOUR SPOILER)From what I understood, you're a pirate on a jouney with your sister who, by coincidence, has huge jugs, The intro lets you play through getting attacked by a ship of sea creature pirates captained by a ""Ghost pirate""... who, after losing all of his men onboard to your sword, summons Gyarados which ♥♥♥♥s your♥♥♥♥♥♥up and you're stranded on an Island straight out of the TV series ""Lost"". It then seems your objective is to find or chase down the pirate ghost... at least for the beginning part of the game. I didn't get that far.3. Voice acting.Imagine the worst home made movie you've ever seen, then imagine paying those people each $1,000 to actually try to act. That's about what the voice acting is like.4. Looting, ""Open world"", other RPG elements.A. The looting system is very off from traditional RPGs. Yes, I get games can be different from others, etc, and that's cool, that's awesome, but not having a menu pop up when you go to loot a creature and instead having it auto loot everything and spam the side of your screenRECIEVED SPIRIT MUSHROOM x 1 !RECIEVED RAW MEAT x 1 !RECIEVED CLAM x 1 !RECIEVED GOLD x 1000!GLORY + 200can get annoying. Strangely enough, however, if you go to loot a container, you ARE given a menu and the choice to loot whatever's in the container.B. Despite claiming to be open world, the game is still very linear. To put into perspective, Skyrim is the obvious king of open world games, you can literally go ANYWHERE. The Witcher 2, on the other hand, is pretty linear, and isn't necessarily open world. This game isn't remotely close to The Witcher 2, and is about as linear as a CoD campaign.C. Other RPG elements such as how the inventory is managed, quests, maps, etc... it all works, but it all feels cheap and rushed.In conclusion, the Risen fanboys will hate me and my review, but crossing over from other RPG's like the Elder Scrolls series, the Diablo series, the Borderlands series, etc, I was not prepared for the incredibly, insultingly, low quality of the game.TL;DR: If you're coming from Skyrim, Borderlands, Diablo, Mass Effect, The Witcher... (all high quality and finely tuned RPGs), and looking for something new whilst staying in the RPG scene, stay away from Risen 3."
,Recommended,249230,32379784,Posted: 12 June,all,Ridder Rimfrost,I had a blast playing this game! 5 out of 5 stars.
76561198064374374,Not Recommended,249230,17734227,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Psycocore,For a left handed player without a middle mouse button this game is crap on a stick.Configuration options are there but they don't really work.Won't recognize new key configs.This is beta right?
,Recommended,249230,12947799,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,distem,"Like Gothic, Risen, etc., before it, the last level was tedious and boring.  Lots of flaws.  Wonderful game anyway."
76561198091103208,Not Recommended,249230,14653541,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,1B-15-FirelFox,"The Good Parts*The Detail on ultra is Greater then great even the smallest Detail is shown*All Pathways for the AI's Are Set right which make game more enjoyable*No Lag when playing the game which a  bigger plus for me*From The Floor  Up in ever map has  the maxem detail which makes game enjoyable.--------------------BAD PARTS!*Only 3 to 4 classes makes game feel like there are no choices*Takes you 200 years just to get in a  guild or hr or more*The  Spells Are very limited,Small by number as there is not! alot of spells dont matta what class you choice.*Some Quests Seem to be forced on me to even go to a other one from a diffrent AI which is a big down fall.*Ranking is limited to Titles,powers etc------------Myy personal feelings*Game is slacking in  motives*Also spells which  i feel they just slap 5 or 6 spells togeather that you can learn just so u think its big*Geting in a guild got  really annoying  i feel it shouldent take me  a hole day to do that.*Frewill is diffrently not this games strong ponit besides for walking around u cant kill no 1 but a NPC*Also would love to see more options in this i do n have a bigger effect*Wish there was  more of a choice be Evil n go to a Evil island for stuff etc.*i personaly think FABLE had more options then this game ever did.I Feel this game is a Waste of money as i played many games like this n i normoly dont say i dont recommend.PS:UPDATES R D-E-A-D"
76561198039471691,Not Recommended,249230,30193666,Posted: 26 February,all,smozzick,"Risen 3 is a game that I'm comflicted on.It has some pretty nice visuals and nice, original monster design which I really like.Unfortunately it also has awful voice acting and some really clunky combat. I found that over the time I played it the combat felt a little better but it was still awkward.Worst is that the moment when you most feel how clunky the combat is is during the introduction of the game; I came pretty close to dropping it in the first five minutes because of it and the other aspects of the introduction did little to hold it up.My final problem with Risen 3 is just a lack of polish. Little things like:* speaking to someone and having no option to end the conversation among the multiple choices when its super easy to accidentally talk to someone* speaking to people accidentally because loot and speak are the same buttonIn conclusion Risen 3 is a pretty good example of the old saying ""Don't judge a book by its cover"". Because the cover looks lovely. But the game sucks.(Think my conflict must be because some people rated it well so it might get better later...don't think I'll ever try to find out after the bit I played though)."
,Not Recommended,249230,17671995,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,mmadam mmuggy,the only part of this game i enjoyed was the birds
,Not Recommended,249230,17659275,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Boolin,Bought this on sale without DLC. Sale ends and a magical update occurs which stops you loading your save games unless you buy the DLC's.So many people already hooked now buy the DLC's.Draw your own conclusions.I try to get a refund instead.Steam refuses refund because I have already played for 14 hours.Never going to touch a title with these publishers again.Going to start buying games from GOG's and elsewhere now. Steam and it's casino style is not for me anymore.
,Recommended,249230,17668620,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,JmanDude99,From just playing 8 minutes of this game this is what i learned...1. Your sister HAS THE BIGGEST KNOCKERS ON THE F***ING PLANET2. The main character is obsessed with ghosts3. Giant F***ING MONSTERS POP OUT OF F***ING NOWHERE4. Crabs and rats are the size of adult humans5. If you're about to die just drink some alcohol that fixes you right up!6. Drinking alcohol doesn't affect you whatsoever no matter how much you drink7. If you try to shoot someone 3 feet in front of you YOU WILL MISS!!!10/10 Would Bang
,Recommended,249230,11943495,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,James Ronin,I just finished this game on Medium difficulty today. The story is good. There are some tedius things in the game but they are forgivable. The combat isn't nearly as bad as people are trying to make it out to be. I couldn't even finish getting all my skills. paying and learning skills is supposed to make an improvement in combat and other things in the game. If you started with all your skills or even most of them there would be nothing to strive for. You get a skill you feel accomplished. Slow accomplishments at first but then much greater and greater accomplishments depending on how advanced you get in each category.
,Recommended,249230,11924242,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,MIYAMOTO MUSASHI,"BEST GAME SINCE OBLIVION ME XPLAIN TAKE OBLIVION, ASSASSINS CREED, AND EVIL ISLANDS THEY HAVE BIG SEXY TIME THIS IS BABY. BEST PURCASE I HAVE MADE ON STEAM TO DATE. SO MANY QUESTS I DONT KNOW WHAT TO DO. I RATE 100/10DISCLAMER: THIS GAME IS NOT FOR THE FAINT OF HEART YOU WILL PUNCH YOUR SCREEN AT LEAST ONCE."
76561198003646710,Recommended,249230,11985137,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,armstrong,"It is more in Line with the Gothis series and Risen 1. I actually did a large portion of the beginning of the game with gun-fu. Stayed alive longer, but the ammo is a pain. I enjoyed it."
76561197972100595,Recommended,249230,17625087,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,*T3* Dragonsfury,Only a few hours in... Awesome! Need a better graphics card but for the most part a beautiful world. Love being able to explore and the storyline seems to be a bit like fable. Definatly a game worth spending some time on.
,Recommended,249230,18164383,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Peanut!!!!,Nice
,Recommended,249230,21768304,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Навсегда один,Zachir doesnt care that others are poor. The only important thing Zachir rich!
,Recommended,249230,28754219,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,indy.jonas,Great banter! :)
76561198268973758,Recommended,249230,31731826,Posted: 13 May,all,maximilianone22,nice game
76561197980046614,Recommended,249230,32829426,Posted: 26 June,all,fotzlappn,definatley a must for gothic/risen players. downside is the missing debug option. In case you run into a bug that is crucial to completing the game your only hope is an older savegame
76561198017651175,Recommended,249230,34239479,Posted: 14 August,all,marko.mustac31,Very good game. Try it and see why
,Recommended,249230,17679072,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,LanceL,"good game for its price when it is -75%.just the controls/combat are abit weird, other than that, it is ok."
76561198022259452,Not Recommended,249230,17672044,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,derricks7,I picked this game up at the price of 5.99 since I had it on my wishlist. I'm glad I didn't buy it at full price. The game has a jump in difficulty from the prologue into the actual gameplay. None of the starting islands are easy enough at low level to get anywhere. The enemies move and attack far quicker than the character does. I'm not going to spend a minute rolling around between attacks just to swing and miss because my opponent jumps backwards. It's infuriating.I do not recommend this game.
76561198018620608,Not Recommended,249230,21126578,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,wertzuiop,"The game is okay, but I still would not recommend it (maybe during a sale)Pro:+ The atmosphere of the game is quite good. The pirate/island setting is authentic.+ The graphics are good enough for me.+ Many locations to explore and a lot of secrets to discover.+ The music was okay.+ Many customization options (melee, range or magic skills. accessoires, armor and weapons.)+ The combat is a bit more interesting than the combat in the second game.+ No bugs discovered+ You can choose one of three different factions. You can choose to be good or evil.+ I liked the references to the Gothic series.Con:- The main reason why i cannot recommend the game is because IT IS BORING! The actual main quest that should keep me playing took me about 3 hours. Doing all side quests and explore all the unimportant stuff took me about 48 hours (DLCs included). I have to say that I was not entertained by all this useless exploring and sidequesting.- It is better than the second risen game but it is still a bad sequel to the first game. I have no idea why in the world this game takes place in the southern sea while the actual action takes place on the mainland. The story has no real direction and is totally disappointing. I would expect something magnificent from the third part of a storyline. Until now I am not even sure who or what Titan Lords/Ladies are.- I finished the game 5 days ago and I cannot remember 99% of the characters. They are all faceless, boring and unimportant.- The boss battles are boring and some take a lot of patience because they hide often. (Minor spoiler now: The final boss battle is frustrating as hell if you do not own an AOE attack.)- The overall voice acting is terrible. The main character sounds like he has lung cancer.- The jokes are mediocre.- All choices you make have no real effect on the story or anything else.- The game is too easy (even on hard) and monotonous. I became a melee warrior and was just bashing the left mouse button and killed everthing."
,Not Recommended,249230,21318668,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,helgilh,I tried... I really put effort into loving this game. It looks really nice and has some nice moments. But that is about it. Did not finish it due to the fact that i was really bored.
,Not Recommended,249230,14702136,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Zestyjho,"I am a fan of any game that allows for large amounts of exploration. I love RPGs, no matter how in-depth the combat or button mashy the QTEs are. This game, however, has the worst ♥♥♥♥ing combat ever. And I'm not saying that as a ""oh, it's clunky, but you get used to it,"" kind of thing. The sword fighting animation has the first strike as a straight forward blow, but the second as a spinning attack. That. Takes. For. Ever. In the window of him spinning around like a fairy princess, he is open to any (and all) attacks of the nearby weak monsters that are smart enough NOT to spin when they attack. So the combat ends up being: strike, dodge, strike, dodge, etc, etc, until you wittle away the life of this walking fish and your patience for actually finishing the game. Also, I'm not sure who wrote the dialogue, but it feels like they had just learned the F-word and decided to use it as much as possible in the least sensical ways. Seriously, the game is beautiful, but don't waste your time."
76561198011261810,Not Recommended,249230,17831314,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,hottona66,The compact in this game is the worst of all game I ever and it kills the game.I feel sorry for the money that I spend to buy the game.
76561198079789371,Not Recommended,249230,17801067,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Brass Demon,"I really tried to like this game. I lôike the thrre Gothic games and the frst Risen (the second one ws garbage) and I thought this one would be OK. It is not.In some games, you arrive at a point where tyou don't give a rat's♥♥♥♥♥about the story anymore, you just want to finish for the sake of finishig. Here I had that moment after leaving the first island. The second island I went to felt empty - almost noone there and it was supposed to be a living town. I found a few locked chests, but one single frickin' lockpick. And the battle system is completely lousy. Your character takes ages between sword swings, so much that a few Scavengers (pretty much the weekest foe) can be hard to kill. A fencing duel against a human(oid) with a weapon is a matter of more luck than skill. And there is nothing really driving you to keep going.Leave this one and play the first Risen or Gothic III. Much, much better choices than this."
,Not Recommended,249230,17806074,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Radiant Eros,"Wasn't the biggest fan of the second, thought i'd give the third a shot. Graphics havent really improved much, even had everything set to maxc graphics wise. game play and combat are clunky. character design is... well the video and gameplay on here do it justice. Feels like a game from 2007."
76561198169984350,Not Recommended,249230,18172690,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,CelticWarlord,"Had this game for about a month and it still wont launch, it show the risen 3 title then black screens for 10 secends before returning to the desktop without any error or crash messages.looked through google and most people have the same problem or have sovled simular problems by dowloading files which i dont expect to do when buying a game that should start once installled.long story short not worth the money as it doesnt ever start. its not my system as its brand new with high enough specs to run this crap.  FAIL ON THERE END"
,Recommended,249230,17622856,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Lgnxhll98,"Have played an hour so far. I game the first two risen games a try but the first was dated and the second i just couldnt get into but this one actually has been quite good so far.Gameplay: everything works but combat can feel a bit weird at times and there is no way to really choose who you use your ranged weapon on. its just who is currently attacking you but there is cool stuff like a spell that makes you a parot to overcome obstacles in game by flying which i like 7/10Graphics: the environments geneally look very good and vibrant tho they cant compare to the witcher or crisis they usually look good but the character movements are kind of shoddy and the faces and hands look a bit off. but id give it a 7/10Story: pretty simple character brought back to life through magic type story but the sidequests seem like they might be interesting as ive just encountered a pirate named booze who is very mad at his friend harry and thats better than the usual ""i need ten flowers, you get them bro"" 6/10level design: this is where the game shines. i can already tell how much exploration is going to be available outside of the main quest 8/10long stroy short if you find it on sale i think its worth a shot7/10"
,Recommended,249230,16990866,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,father_dragon_barragan2008,I would recommend it!!!I will also say that for me this game & 3 others are so damn addictive to the point that it's a must I have 2 finish the game.For me Playing 2 & 3 I got a pretty good idea of what the main story was & to play part one would of been a lost cause.
,Not Recommended,249230,17754973,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,*^Matt^*,"This is one of the worst RPGs I ever played with the most infuriating combat system ever.  I'm glad I got this on the sale as I would be extremely annoyed had I paid the full RRP for this trash.  First off the voice acting on the main character is the worst I have ever heard on any game, let alone an RPG.  It is truly dreadful and the writing is just as bad, it is like some 12 year old who just learnt the F word had written the script.  Within only an hour or 2 of playing the bad voice acting and writing had already started to grate one me.Then there is the truly awful combat system.  The tutorial shows you how to parry and do combos and is set up so you can do that in the tutuorial but good luck actually trying to do that in the game.  For a start parrying seems to have no effect on beasts like rock spiders and scavengers so the combat ends up with constant dodging and then hitting the LMB to get a quick slash of the sword in which takes precious little health off whatever you are fighting in the beginning before you are dodging again.  This isn't challenging, it is extremely tedious when it seems to take near enough 20 hits to take out various creatures at the start of the game.  It doesn't lend itself well when you are outnumbered either as sooner or later you end up rolling into a strike from 1 of the 3 enemies you end up being surrounded by frequently.  Then of course if you happen to dodge in to vegetation you can't see what is going on resulting in being struck again.  Your character is also slow to respond to the LMB and often gets hit before completing the strike and yet your enemies seem to be able to jump backwards at alarming speed so many of your strikes don't hit home.  This makes one on one tedious enough but being outnumbered even more so and I quickly found myself going through provisions and rum, even on the easy setting just because I don't have the patience to spending an hour on each fight constantly dodging and rolling around the place. I don't get the reviews complaining how OP your character gets - I found him hideously underpowered at the start just trying to do the tedious quest of going to all the mines in order to join the guardians when having to go through seemingly undending rock spiders, shadow warriors and hellhounds.  After just 4 hours playing I have had enough of the game already with the immensely repetitive dodge/strike nonsense.The only positive is that the game does look nice but with the dreadful combat system and equally bad voice acting (at least from the main character) I can't recommend this game, in fact I would save time and money and don't buy it in the first place."
76561198018659517,Not Recommended,249230,31113337,Posted: 13 April,all,Shubidoo,"The Visuals have improved over its predecessors. But that is pretty much the only thing.Dialogue is a major issue, it is so badly written that it is hard to believe Piranha is serious about it.Underlying is exactly the same Game as always. There are attempts here and there to spice it up with something new,utility Spells, scripted events and so on. But none of that is executed good enough to actually be an improvement. Opposite, actually.After the already mediocre second Risen, this is just another step down the drain. Sorry Piranha, this doesn't work anymore, i'm out."
,Recommended,249230,21409308,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Natth J,"Better than risen 2, this one should have been the risen 2 instead.Overall risen 1 to 3 is an OK game to pass time while waiting for the truly awesome games like the Witcher 3, Skyrim and many more."
76561198039694495,Recommended,249230,11784456,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,charlesscottwilds,"Vikings, Pirates, knights, guns and magic. What else could you ask of an RPG10/10"
76561197974463258,Recommended,249230,11850192,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Prowlinger,"53 Hours and completed all the content with 37/50 achievements ...  Never having played a Risen since Gothic 2... I have to admit this was a GREAT RPG...  The story and overall content was superb even if some people didn't appreciate it...  I applaud Piranha Bytes on another amazing classic!  Everything came together well in the end story and the climax was short but worthy...  The combat may seem clunky but you once you get used to it, the simpleness isn't bad .. Magic on any level is fun whether it is mage, voodoo or demon hunter...  I chose Demon Hunter and loved it...  Was it worth my investment and time?  Definately!"
76561197993473943,Recommended,249230,11873049,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,broozar,"After the very mediocre Risen 2, I was wary if Risen 3 was worth a look. And I am happy to say that it really is. If you liked Risen 1 and the Gothic series, then you will probably like this one too. The mostly very pretty world feels as lived in and gritty as ever, the combat system has improved greatly and exploring the different islands is fun. Quest design could be more interesting though - almost every one is a variation of ""fetch x and murder y on the way"".A lot of the atmosphere comes from the rough and quirky voice acting, which is excellent in German, but truly miserable in the English version. If you know German, that's the way you should play it."
76561197970515195,Recommended,249230,11825349,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Prof-Jay,"i like the game alot. it has a good feel and while the combat can be difficult, the quests are fun and the dialogue is fun as well. the main character is a smart♥♥♥♥♥and that makes for fun dialogue that keeps me playing."
76561198004699432,Recommended,249230,11842240,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Adam War,"I'm no pro when it comes to reviewing games so I will make this quick. This game at first glance seemed as a rip-off, appearing rather as an expansion pack to Risen 2, same world, inventory, skill-system, graphics, etc. The game however changed my mind once I really delved into some of the quests. They were great. I can't complain, they were fun, sometimes challenging, and for the most part unique. That's what really made the game for me. That and combat. At first I was upset about the weakness of the character in the beginning but as you learn and become more skillfull, not as a character but as a player, I becomes great. Upgrading weapons and skills really pays off, and in the end, you are unstoppable. Overall I recommend this game not because it was incredibly impressive or original, but because it was incredibly fun.Pros:                                                          Cons:-Great combat                                           -Much of recycled Risen 2 material-Lots of fun quests                                    -Graphics haven't changed-Great selection of playing style                -Voice acting could be better"
76561198042462283,Recommended,249230,11876094,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Draconian93,"Excel yourself. I think they did a very good job with this one. Graphic detail, much better. Haven't found a bug in this one yet. Hopefully I don't. Risen 1 was bit buggy but still worth the play. Risen 2 found it to be rather good and Risen 3 alot more freedom on which direction you wish to travel first."
76561198086007070,Recommended,249230,16409332,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,misterennisdelmar,"This was a fun game that was not that difficult to learn and get around and it was intersting to tackle the sea monsters and tackle the pirates etc. LOve the big ships etc. I did have to resort to YOUTUBE vids to understand the game but once I got going, it wasn't too hard to get around."
76561198016828227,Recommended,249230,16445546,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Slimwaffle,Vodoo pirate for the win. Combat system is a little dodgy though. 7/10
,Recommended,249230,17208586,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Leo,"This continues the story and features an expanded world of Risen 2.Pirate theme swapped for the choice of 3 factions, altered combat.Again great graphics, the odd few bugs, can trade with most characters, removed Buy Back.To my surprise, managed to get through most of the game finding/upgrading pistols/muskets alone, thinking the Factions would be more vital to survival - chose the Guardians eventually.For a more enjoyable playthrough, aquire these first: Freddie's Shackles on Fog Island (DLC +10% glory pts), Hunting, Prospecting and Haggling skills."
76561197968371865,Recommended,249230,17836951,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,mullerjannie,"Really enjoyed the game. Graphics are good,nothing is too repitative. Crafting system is nice but the game is finished before you can really get into it.No bugs no crashes during the hours I've played it. Which is pretty good these days."
,Recommended,249230,17330584,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Sera,"i enjoyed it. No clue why everyone hates it.And yes, i would suggest it for fans of the Gothic/Risen-series :)"
,Recommended,249230,19004715,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,SpiceViVi,ไม่ผิดหวังกับการซื้อแน่นอนจุดเด่นเนื้อเรื่องน่าติดตาม ใครที่ชอบเล่น เกม Gothic ต้องห้ามพลาดจุดด้อยระบบการต่อสู้ยังไม่สมดุล ช่วงท้ายเกมมอนสตอร์อ่อนเกินไปสรุปข้อเสียของเกมก็ยังไม่ทำให้อรรถรสในการเล่นเกมน้อยลง เนื้อเรื่องในเกมน่าติดตามมากถ้าใครชื่นชอบหนัง pirate of the caribbean ห้ามพลาดเลย
76561198001234825,Recommended,249230,18368632,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Jyrka,"I have played every game from PB they have ever released and probably will play them also in the future if something new will pop up. They are working on something i think they called Elex. I really liked Risen 3, but i have feeling the game has lost something by every game since risen 1.  I have really been enjoying PB games until Risen 2 which is still pretty good in my opinon. So what went wrong I think in the second part useless: vodoo and guns did not feel like a good option for all old fans of the PB games which made a lot of negative feedback for the second game. For a third game we got used to Guns and new factions and they improved magic and combat. But what was missing now ?. I felt now there was not enough old tempels and huge cavern systems (There is one on Kila, but kind of plain). Was it me or there was not enough monster types also in this game.Now everybody who might read this review will think yea thats a negative review, but actually no i still liked it and i will recomend it, because i still like this game i could not have put over 40 hours into this otherwise. I want to wish PB good luck on their next game the setting looks interesting and i hope they can pull it off and i like the idea that you hero is not anymore Nameless hero and has its own story i think that will be a good thingOne question was Patty 13 when i first met her in risen 1 ? She has grown in some areas.Rating: ""I have been waiting for eternity to have a chance to be risen"" by Gothic"
76561198038129776,Recommended,249230,33176707,Posted: 3 July,all,*Tommy*,"An enjoyable game with repetitive combat and enemies but what game isn`t when you make it to the end . It is a typical Pirhana Bytes game, dodge or block and dodge, then strike . Rinse and repeat . You get 1 follower to help if you get overwhelmed .  Overall I would give a 6 maybe 6.5 out of 10 . Not the best but certainly not the worst ."
,Recommended,249230,19078602,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,outfctrl,"Very fun game. I just started to play this game not to long ago and I am really enjoyying it so far.  Graphics are  pretty good considering the size of the game. Combat takes some practice, but very engaging. Money is hard to come by, but that is a good thing, I suppose.Questing gets a little confusing as every time you talk to someone with a name, you get a quest. Soon, you have a book load of quests on different islands. Maybe I am doing something wrong. I should start doing them in order, but it is so much fun exploring.If you are looking for a game with exploring and I mean really exploring, this game is for you.  There are things to pick up everywhere. Jump on roofs, find niches in rocks, rooms, behind buildings, laying around on the beach and you will pick up something.You  have an unlimited storage with no weight restrictions. This can be a little overwhelming at times as you really don't know what to sell or keep.Overall, I highly recommend this game.  Wait for it to go on sale and buy it!I forgot one important feature.  You can save anywhere at anytime.Thanks all"
76561198076933110,Not Recommended,249230,18906917,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,dragonbreath100,got a windows 7 machine and dosn't run don't buy
76561198091949345,Not Recommended,249230,19062532,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,LeoJFBR,"This game has nice graphics... But that's all.Poor story, no character customization, so so playability."
76561198087858868,Recommended,249230,17626753,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,mixxmoi,Very good graphics even for my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC.  Would recommend for anyone who enjoys the Witcher or Elder Scrolls games as it is a pirate themed mix of the two.
76561198086504865,Not Recommended,249230,18552018,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,JasonoTheGreat,"Do not buy this game if you are expecting an RPG fantasy, it's not. It has most certainly has RPG elements and fantasy elements but its just an average game. THIS IS LITERALLY THE MOST AVERAGE GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED. Its nothing special, normal gameplay that isn't exactly fun, I was turned off almost immediately. Clunky transitions from story to game that you feel like you missed something. It also just has an almost useless prologue that really does not have to be there. I mean, its a game, maybe you'd like it, but don't be decieved, it is no Skyrim it is no Dragon Age, it is no proper dungeon crawler it's a game, that is overwhelmingly average! EVEN THE GLITCHES ARE AVERAGE.AND AVERAGE SCORE OF 5/10But no, it was really boring 3.5/10"
76561197997793809,Not Recommended,249230,18551533,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,UncleChompa,"I put about two hours into this game. The interface is poor with very jerky movements. The only fixes for it are to change the config file. Dialogue is quite poor. Voice acting mediocre and graphics are sad.I am glad I got this on sale, but still regret spending $10."
76561198059641737,Not Recommended,249230,18666721,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Sevrin,This game was clearly written by different people as I'm not even past the first island and I can tell the story has been butchered. The dialogue is so bland and artificial you might as well have skipped the talking graphics and just shown the voice actors in the studio talking into a microphone. The game play seems to be more or less exactly the same as the previous game.I was hooked on the story line in the last game and coming back to this makes me cringe. They were NOT brother and sister. He was NOT steelbeards son. There was a romance between them in the last game.New: I was bored and thought I'd give the game another try. Can I give it another bad recommendation? The voice acting is still awful and the writing is still♥♥♥♥♥♥ Also I wanted to reduce the camera sensitivity and that doesn't seem to be something that is possible.
76561198001019285,Recommended,249230,16728199,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Bahamut,"Worse than first one, better than second oneEnding was bad and rushed, it felt like they wanted to finish the game asap, at least i haven't encounteredany bugs and the games performance was fineOverally worth a buy, but not at full price75/100 Good for what it is"
76561198094955909,Recommended,249230,26961709,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WingNut,Fun and best one out of the three games
76561198075534702,Not Recommended,249230,18601415,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,"980ti4790k4k43""ips💦","DONOTBUYTHISGAME! i've seen better looking games on ios with 60 fps i coulden run it on my laptop, but thats ok, since its a laptop. when i finally fin. my desktop build with 4790k cpu, 8gb ram, 43 inch 4k tv & a 980 ti, i was disapointed with several things. Lag, Quality. id get 35 to 45 fps. Ususally most games the environment is ok looking but the caracter always look good, but this game both the horrable looking environment & the horrable looking character looks horrable. my lifes goal in videogame standard is to stop these nonsence of crappy looking gpu/cpu hungry games. if ur hungry, ill feed u but u got to give somthing back"
,Recommended,249230,26055780,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,9999au,Good game
,Recommended,249230,21105156,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,PLUGGI,"This game is Real Openworld and u can do everything ,I feel freedom when I play this game , I love it!"
76561198134006456,Recommended,249230,21438935,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,DYCE,"It took me 34 hours to get the controls going, but I think it's a good game idk; i'm incapable of love and mildly autistic."
76561197970607311,Not Recommended,249230,18528891,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Flopy,"Good game ruined by quality assurance.- Pirates are PG rated pirates that only seek gold and don't pillage, murder or♥♥♥♥♥♥- Voice acting is♥♥♥♥♥♥. Main voice actor is completely over acting really disrupting enjoyment of the game.- Dialogues are exhausting some of them cannot be skipped- Battle mechanic is fursrating one hit time and smash- NPCs are such idiots!- This game type is basically best enjoyed with controller however risen 3 defaults to keyboard and mouse. Controller has to be put on explicitly in the menu.+ Nice to explore and see to things+ Beautiful scenes and nice areasAll in all not worth it. (Glad I got it is cheap sale)"
76561197991959025,Not Recommended,249230,18309864,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,szabes,"I wanted to like this. The story is enjoyable.  The choice of character classes or melee weapons did not seem to matter. The combat is boring and repetive. I wish the combat was more like Risen 1. The ship combat was to easy until final boss.Then it was just frustrating. The most enjoyable battle was the final end of game battle.The hero""s sister Patti from the first 2 games was always smart and capable . In game 3 she turned into a pair of silly inept boobs. That was disapointing.If you are a fan of the series and can get for under 5 bucks it will be fun for a while."
76561198023346614,Not Recommended,249230,17907473,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,echo08,Clunky
76561198225647160,Not Recommended,249230,20296389,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Gamer101,"I thought graphics looked good. I read somewhere in review. Now I have started playing & I think this game should have been released in 2011-12. Graphics are outdated, map is confusing. I have played 30 min & it felt very very boring.Probably may get a little better later. I cannot ask for refund also because I have bought this game on summer sale & playing now. Steam takes 10 days from game purchase as refund time. I did not know that earlier.I will have to gather some patience to play more. I made very big mistake purchasing game on sale without checking a few actual gameplay videos ob youtube. Please avoid this one."
76561197980328361,Not Recommended,249230,27266759,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bricmpt,"So far in the intro: graphics tears worse than I have ever seen (PC WELL above spec).  Framerate inconsistant (very bad).  Game pauses and demands a mouse wheel action.  I am using a trackball (health issue) with no wheel.  Game does not allow me to hit escape and go into options to remap.  First time I have ever had to crtl+alt+del out of an intro sequence due to this oversight.  Not off to a good start... will remap keys and turn down graphics options (?!), then play again.UPDATE:  Changed keymapping.  Turned off shadows or some other setting that are poorly optimised.  Playable.Gave it an hour or two.  Nope.  Combat is not fun.  Pacing is weird.  Enemies can interrupt my attacks.  It is just frustrating.  Try another action game - many have done combat better.  Fable comes to mind."
76561198076744941,Not Recommended,249230,26189838,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,rlaing131,"Really enjoyed Risen 1 and 2 and was looking forward to playing 3, but I was terribly disappointed right away. This feels like a huge step down. I will admit that I would have tried to give it more of a chance if not for the fact that there is a 2 hour limit before steam refuses to refund you so I only have a little bit to say.If you are sensitive to motion sickness, reconsider buying this game. The frame rate is terrible and I was feeling sick in under an hour. Another reason why I did not give this game a 2nd chance. This was not an issue for me in the other Risen games.Game play early on just feels clunky and the voice acting isn't the worst, but it's still pretty bad. The story starts off pretty bland too, though I think they try to make you forget that tiny little fact by having what is essentially a stripper following you around at the start. Yeah, that's not gonna work on me... and after reading more reviews, I'm glad I got this refunded."
,Not Recommended,249230,26717016,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,NightDweller,"Risen 3 shows some improvement in the interface over Risen 2, but still far more overburdening than the interface in Risen. Again, I had hoped that becaue it is a series bearing the same name, that it was more of a seqeul to the previous versions. Risen 3 was a bit more related to Risen 2, but still only related to the first by name and style, not story. Too much time was spent navigating the interface, detracting from gameplay, though it was easier to use than in Risen 2. As has been the case in the previous two Risen games, a little more dialogue for the storyline than I like. The storyline itself was interesting and engaging. The quests had a little better flow than Risen 2...the flow was brought back closer to the quality I found in the first Risen, but not quite there. I wish there was a 'sort of' button when the review asks if I would recommend. I don't want to give it a no, but cannot give it a solid 'Yes'. I simply did not enjoy it enough myself, though with some of the clean up to the interface and a little more flow to the quests, could recommend it to those I know don't mind a busy interface and lots of dialogue."
76561198048345745,Recommended,249230,11813426,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,shnyaps,The best RPG of 2014 year! It is like GOTHIC!
76561198077902516,Recommended,249230,16907585,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Maurer,Great Game. On second play through.
,Recommended,249230,18114553,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Nan iChir Gelair!,I am in Calador.I am demon hunter. I am chosen.I am Finish Shadows.And I am Gucho and HomiI will try write  Risen 3 music. D:Soundtrack:Gucho Gucho Gucho Natives dont speak. I send the message . Dont talk me.What can I doGucho Gucho Gucho Dont understand me.Dont see me  .What can I do
76561198166648297,Recommended,249230,21512490,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,jonathonrutman,love it
76561198077348744,Not Recommended,249230,13759327,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Raen,"People complain about the characters being boring, the dialogs and voice acting being bad, I don't mind that. I don't mind a mediocre 3rd person RPG, I enjoy them anyway.What really ticks me off is the extremely unbalanced melee combat of this game. I mean, what the hell? Every enemy attacks faster than the hero. The hero first has to swing his blade for even a standard attack. This gives the enemys plenty of time to attack themselves. Basically, the hero needs about one second to commence a standard attack, while an enemy needs half the time. Thus you can expect the enemy to hit you during your attack, interrupting it.Enemies do combo attacks, meaning they will knock you back and onto the ground without you being able to do anything. Even on the starting island, I spent more time laying on the ground than actually doing anything. Feels strongly reminescent of the boars from Gothic 3. Only in Risen 3, pretty much every enemy is a boar.Now imagine fighting enemies in groups.As long as there isn't some proper balancing here, I can't recommend this game."
,Recommended,249230,21178081,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,BornToLose1,"Truly one of the worst games I've played in recent memory.  The combat system is terrible, the voice acting is awful, the character animations are stiff and look like♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the graphics look like something from the Xbox era. It's a boring mess.10/10"
,Recommended,249230,17683778,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Lloyd Clive,"A marked improvement over Risen 2, however there are still some areas that need work on. Combat animations are way too long, making it that most enemies can stun lock you without you being able to break out of it. Most of the quests are fetch/kill X amount quests and I'm pretty sure the main character has throat cancer (Although this might be a positive since it means Piranha Bytes give jobs to cancer vicitms) The exploration is still rock solid and fun, movement is fluid, the story is really good and the magic system is back and better than ever.I got this game for $5.99 and I didnt regret until the update gave me all the dlc's then brok my save's by removing them. Hopefully deep silvr and PB fix this so i can change my rating to positive, since i like this game.Edit: The problem has finally been fixed. PB has given everyone with the issue the dlc for free and now I can go back to enjoying the game."
76561198077183316,Recommended,249230,23936549,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,dickydubz,"Fun B level action RPG. Cool story, factions, fun combat, challenging without being frustrating."
,Recommended,249230,28085191,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Unicorn,Third same? game. Third very good gaming. Waiting for next game:)
,Recommended,249230,27858410,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,4ltair,"Not a bad game but one of the things that bugged me since the game was released is this: why the hell does a double barreled shotgun (and it's ingame model does indeed has 2 barrels) fires once before reloading and the fighter's shotgun, with one barrel, is able to fire 2 shots before reloading???"
76561197989826558,Recommended,249230,33978513,Posted: 2 August,all,samster76,"best of the risen series,simply put."
,Recommended,249230,34021079,Posted: 4 August,all,Stranger,9/10 Fixed the mistakes of the second RisenGraphics: 9/10Music: 9/10Performance: 10/10Cinematics: 10/10Story: 9/10Content: 10/10Controls: 9/10Gameplay: 9/10
76561197970501021,Recommended,249230,12021683,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Masakari,"First of all i have played and enjoyed risen 1, and played about 20mins of the demo for risen 2 (hated it, just couldnt get into it,) but risen 3 on the other hand is amazing. I highly reccommend this game to anyone who enjoys rpg's or open world games. I pre ordered this game because it looked quite promising and it highly exceeded my expectations.There are tons of areas to explore. The game is broken up into islands, all which have a good variety of enviornments, enemies, people, ect. There are different factions which you choose to join in the game and each gives you a unique playstyle, and quests so there is need for replayability. The game is filled with tons of quests, and many which are quite enjoyable, not the typical oh go here and collect 10 tree roots and get a reward kind of quests. There is tons of dialoge in this game and the voice acting isnt perfect but its quite acceptable in my opinion, they throw in humor sometimes too which is great. This game has a really good atmosphere to it, someting which i enjoyed about risen 1. Soundtrack in this game is also superb.A neat twist to this game as well, you use a ship to travel from island to island, and sometimes there are random encounters and you'll have to fight off enemy ships or sea monsters. The combat in the game is a little clunky, but it just took some time getting used to. Once you build your strength abit it becomes much more enjoyable, its just a little tough in the beginning.I usually dont take the time to write reviews, but i am enjoying this game very much, and since its an rpg theyre automatically competing with the big companies that make skyrim, dragon age, ect. So im happy to voice my opinion of the game for others to see and hopefully they will give it a try."
76561198007486006,Recommended,249230,29770880,Posted: 7 February,all,claudiassj,"A brilliant follow-up to Risen 1 and 2. Those are the same guys who produced the classic Gothic series, and this game should be seriously taken into consideration.Pros:- Nice graphics, despite the age- nice way of putting together the fantasy background of Risen 1 and the pirate theme of Risen 2- the story does not make much sense, but it is captivating nonetheless- different factions mean completely different sets of abilities- great atmosphere, beautiful design of the locations, each one with specific traitsCons:- a bit unbalanced: challenging at the beginning, too easy at the end- weak A.I.: it seems like both the enemies and the NPCs do not exist unless you stare at them; as soon as they enter your field of view they start moving, before then they sort of hang around awkwardly. Your companions are also kind of useless.Give it a try!"
76561197971695099,Recommended,249230,29971450,Posted: 16 February,all,exodus,"As a huge fan of Gothic 1 and 2: After Risen 2 I didn't have any expectations for Risen 3 and I only picked it up after it was dirt cheap. And boy, was I surprised! Ok, start is rough, but let's be honest - which PB game's start isn't. After that the game does pick up and if you go for the crystal magic path, you can perform some pretty fun magic moves. Beats those dull Skyrim spells by a mile!I would suggest playing the game with German audio if possible. PB was never renowned for their English versions and after first 10 minutes, I switched from eng to deu and never looked back.If you're a PB games fan, I can only recommend giving this game a try. Especially if you can get your hands on it during a sale. It's no masterpiece, but quests are fun, most characters are just enough cheezy to still be enjoyable and you get used to combat eventually. Just use your companions until then. And if you like weird remarks, I suggest Bones.Overall, an enjoyable, decent RPG. Worth the money, just don't expect the next Gothic masterpiece. Let's just accept the fact that we'll never get one and move on."
76561197984785481,Recommended,249230,29804556,Posted: 9 February,all,[DSDIZZT] Lalle75(GER),"I liked the game very much. I think it was the best of the Risen series. Mostly I play magicians, but in Risen 1 and 2 it wasn't possible. In Part 1 you could just miss the opportunity to join the Wizards, in Part 2 there was only the weak Voodoo for completing quests without fighting.But in Part 3 there was the good, old fashioned fireball and healing spell (without consuming mana potions)."
76561197962530378,Recommended,249230,17251059,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Kharn Terrer,This is a really fun game.The begining is a little tedious with a really slow progression system. However once you get passed the first few hours it becomes a very fun full game. I enjoyed it massively. The combat will take a little time getting used to but trust me its worth it.The story is fun the diversity of classes and camps is decent.Overall a solid game with lots of good ideas a 9/10 imo.
76561198160465970,Recommended,249230,17167069,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Malic,Enjoyable open world experience
,Recommended,249230,21202063,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Calm csgoroll.com,The graphics are MINDBLOWING and the gameplay is awesome. Only 1 thing that I would change is the STUPID voice actor man ITS♥♥♥♥♥♥compered to GOTHIC versions
76561198101510759,Recommended,249230,22682428,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Rob-The Insane,"I played this game for a while and also tested out the gameplay and factions. I found this game a better roleplay game then Skyrim, do to the fact that the jobs are better. Also the game is one of the best in animations and small details."
76561198377030966,Recommended,249230,35026255,Posted: 17 September,all,gogreen131,"story is very good ,love the graphics,but there is a bug after defeating the sea monster. otherwise i loved the game!!"
,Recommended,249230,34968099,Posted: 15 September,all,Kunizial,"About all the good things (world design, snappy talk ...) which I love about Piranha Bytes games, and probably the best (melee)-combat yet. This does negate some of the ""hard enemy, come back later"" part because you can outplay almost every enemy at all stages, but at least with my mechanical skills i did leave quite a few areas at first visit in peace and came later, for the sake of my mind.Magic is only slightly longer than melee range. Magictype is faction-dependent, spellscrolls reappear though so we can use different (or early) magic if we want to. Every faction can wield magic as a melee-weapon, but different other spells (AoE, Buffs, Healing, Summoning).Longer range are only muskets available which behave basically the same as in Risen 2 (just not faction-restricted)."
76561198008157962,Recommended,249230,35070266,Posted: 19 September,all,Tancred,"Although it's not good as Gothic series or its predecessor, it's still a good game. World in game is very interesting to explore.Should buy it when it sale."
,Recommended,249230,34878269,Posted: 11 September,all,Ereglam,"not having expected much I'm quite hooked to wanting to find all the treasures hidden. The combat system suits me well, too. And the quests have some nice ideas, although there was hardly anything that required me to search the internet for clues.I like it.Btw. I wouldn't have paid the full price, though."
76561198137208210,Recommended,249230,27570110,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,labrador.6,"Play with no partner (They make the game very easy, even in the maximum difficulty), so play with no partner it's more difficult and you have an experience closer to the classic gothic."
76561198045234824,Recommended,249230,29453574,Posted: 23 January,all,sascomander,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GXoZsgNHquMMy review of this game summed up in this song.
,Not Recommended,249230,28679860,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Tr.ond,Utter Garbage. Not worth the bandwith to download.
,Recommended,249230,17610096,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Darkmourn,"Pretty much like Two Worlds II, but not as 'good'. Pretty decent though. Optimization could be better though, considering The Witcher 3 is smoother"
,Not Recommended,249230,11763749,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,TheDougMeme,"Poorly developed game, Boring combat, bad voice acting and lip sync.A waste of $50 don't bother buying it. It's only really worth about $10-$20."
,Not Recommended,249230,11714555,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Foxes hunting hounds,"If you really liked Risen 1 & 2 and/or the Gothic series, try it. But don't go in there with somewhat high expectations.The story is something between AC4 and Pirates of the Caribbean. Not deep, not shallow, not very original. The phrasing of Quests didn't impress me positively. I'm sure there would've been another way than ""Next Quest: Pull on the lever"". ""Open the temple door"" could've sounded a little tiny bit better.I'm playing with a controller (don't give me♥♥♥♥♥♥for that, it's easier to handle than a mouse with a wrist beyond repair), and it's just frustrating.Controls are clunky and it's responding late or not at all sometimes. Press the block button - get hit - block. Dodging in the direction you want? Eeeh, I'll try my best and- whoops got hit. I ended up spamming the Dodge button in every fight.Have your weapon drawn and want to open a door or pick up loot? No. Away with your weapon, manually. In a painfully slow animation. Something attacks you and is already in your face? Press B. Then A. Got hit? Too bad. Kind of like the chinese blackmarket rip-off of Assassin's Creed's combat.The camera's jerking around making it almost impossible to adjust it to your likings: A slight tilt to the left with the joystick results in a complete turn around-up-down-left-right making it stupidly hard to see or hit any enemy. Even without your doing, it'll just zoom in or out at the worst times. Fighting in a tight spot and dodging, against a wall because you can't really control the direction, and you're done for. It's no help to have a close up on that stone behind me, really.Lots of unneccesary small cut scenes. Opening a chest is fine, but I do not need to see the same kneeling down-opening chest-looking inside every goddamn time. They tried to make a kill cam as well, but it only takes time and isn't anything special. I'd rather do without. Accidentally facing Patty and pressing A results in yet another short cut scene whereas she tells you 'Not now, later' most of the time. Voice acting makes it all the worse.First look, the world looks like it's been modelled with lots of love. Second look, not so much. The screenshots are deceiving in my opinion - I just recently built this PC. The best of the best, because I like nice looking games, and i certainly want them to run smoothly.This however, I could play on my Mothers Laptop and it would still look the same. The highest settings are a joke. It's atmospheric, don't get me wrong, But not aesthetic. If you told me that this game came out in 2008, I'd believe you.And OH MY GOD how slow do you have to walk. That is ridiculous. Running ain't better."
76561198131701710,Not Recommended,249230,17114550,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Watch.of.Ages,"Tired of open-world exploration? Confused by multiple dialouge options? Baffled by combat with more than two options? Have we got the game for you! Standard Third-Person RPG: Pirate Flavor is right up your alley! Follow along with Gravelvoice McNeverShave and his sister♥♥♥♥♥♥McNoArmor as they do vaugely pirate-themed things! This game includes such jaw-dropping innovations as:-Invisible Walls! No more will you have to dread the freedom of exploration! With our patented Invisible Corner system, you won't go anywhere we don't want you to! And sometimes you won't go places we do want you to!-Combat! With light, heavy AND ranged* attacks you no longer have to devote any thought to strategy! Simply push the attack button until the enemy dies! And with our No-Gain HP system, even trival combat with early-game eneimes will be delightfully treacherous as 3-4 hits will always kill you! Combined with unblockable enemy attacks and unbreakable enemy guard, you will worry about literally every fight! And there's thousands of them!-Talking! Enjoy choosing from up to TWO dialouge options when talking to characters with the personality of wet cardboard WHILE listening to a character voice so real you'll swear you were talking to a man with a twleve pack-a-day habit!-Moral Choices! When confronted with a burning orphanage, you can choose to either help the orphans trapped inside OR roast hot dogs over their buring flesh! Sometimes, you won't even know you're making a choice!-Graphics! With our dynamic light system , you'll be hard-pressed to differentiate rocks from enemy models until they attack! And then it's too late! Plus, NPC's come in up to THREE different models!**-Useless Minigame! Since doing literally everything other than combat is based off of skills (which involves finding trainers, spending gold, and solving Fermat's last Theorem) you'll be presented with literally pointless lock-picking, arm-wrestling, knife-throwing, and many more!-Exploration! Never again will you have to worry about trying to find the right hallway! All you have to do is keep going forward! Don't even worry about venturing to outlying areas! If a quest doesn't send you there, we've ensured that it's not worth your time!-AND SO MUCH MORE! Order now, operators are standing by!Side effets may include swearing, sweating, rage-quitting, game-breaking bugs, lack of autosave, lack of character growth, lack of character development, and questioning of life decisions. Do not mix with other RPG's. Ask your doctor if Standard Third-Person RPG: Pirate Flavor is right for you.*Ranged attacks not actually ranged.**Excluding female models. Those are limited to sexy and sexier."
,Recommended,249230,11706679,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,matt,What Risen 2 should have been. Risen 1 with everything fleshed out.
,Recommended,249230,14808396,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Ojab,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▀█░█▀█░▀█▀░░█▀█░░█▀█░█▀█░░░░░░░░░█░█░█░█░░█░░░█▀▀█░█▀█░█░█░░░░░░░░░▀░▀░▀▀▀░░▀░░░▀▀▀░░▀░▀░▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561198123258008,Recommended,249230,22416047,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,marijan773,"Just great! 8/10 Gothic easter eggs and references aplenty, this beauty pulls at your heart strings with nostalgia ;)"
,Not Recommended,249230,24254501,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Mr Retro,"this game has the worst combat system in a game that I have ever played. There is no way in hell that I could sit through this entire game with a combat system like this. Its slow, unresponsive and just stupid. You literally stop mid swing when using your sword allowing the enemy to hit you 2 or 3 times during that time. The short time I played this I never felt like even fighting because it was so bad, hell I think I ran from a freakin duck or 2. Some people may have patience with stuff like this but I dont especially if the rest of the game is not great either. Such as voice acting etc. I hated the game though and recommend you never buy it."
,Not Recommended,249230,11752399,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Magrock,"5/10. I can't really recommend it. It starts out quite difficult, but becomes super easy after a while. Combat is decent, but very repetivtive. The story is OK, but the ""ending"", if you can call it that sucks huge donkey balls. Embarrasing."
76561198015538459,Not Recommended,249230,11866630,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Morty,"Risen 3 isn't what I expected it to be. When looking at its features and trailers I got quite excited about it, but when I got my hands on, I felt like this was just another poorly designed Fable game. Fighting mechanics are awfull, whether it is by magic or sword, movement is ridiculous and clumsy, and I am not going to spend another minute playing this."
76561197961318019,Recommended,249230,28155884,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Easy Listening,"As is typical with the Gothic/Risen series, the combat on this is horrendous, lol. However, if you can get past that, it is a pretty decent RPG in terms of most RPS's out there.I would recommend if you like playing RPG's."
76561198065769860,Not Recommended,249230,31337182,Posted: 24 April,all,Chairbreaker,"Ive been a fan of both risen games, risen is, in my opinion, one of the best old-school-rpgs out there. And risen 2 is one of the few good pirate themed rpgs in existence.This game however.. kinda sucks. Instead of fixing the problems the previous games had, it puts them on steroids.The combat in risen always had a few problems, the players windup has always been a little to long but in this game it takes AGES to throw a punch, that on its own wouldnt be to bad if the enemys had any windup at all (which they dont) they throw a barrage of attacks at you (each of them stunning you and canceling any attack youre trying to do) which leaves you two options:1. Be totally at the mercy of the enmeies AI, hoping that you get enough hits out before the lock you in place.2. Go ranged and run and jump around like a cat hoping they dont get to youThe voiceacting is beyond terrible, which is a shame considering that they got a lot of the voiceactors from the previous games back, who are even playing the same characters. They didnt do so bad back then (gruanted the dialouge was pretty cheesy at times but always beliveable) which leads me to belive they just werent given any directions or at least pretty terrible ones.The world itself is designed pretty well, they took old maps from risen 2 and modified them so it would fit the needs of this game but never to a point were you couldnt recognize them anymore, you can always remeber back how it looked ""back then"", they even have characters from the previous games who you dealt with on your journey in risen 2, thats cool, right?Not really, since youre not the same character as from the previous games, you cant really talk with them about anything from the past, which makes having them there kinda pointless.I never would hav e thought that this would be the closing statement of my review to a risen game but:DONT BUY IT!"
,Not Recommended,249230,16580066,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,GergPower,AMD GPU's HAVE BUG TEXTURES!! ALL WHITE!! D:
,Recommended,249230,23309267,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,gameggorder,i had finished risen2 just some play on risen3 but need upgrade my computer to reach cool graphic and fun akward gameplay if you love risen series this is yours turn.  if you not fan and love gameplay like original gothic this is also yours in pirated theme. recommend buy it on sale.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEluVYbWqk4
76561198049995299,Recommended,249230,11680744,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,The Hound,"Warning, its a pirate game. I didnt sign for a pirate game. None of the 1000 trailer videos showcase a pirate game.Havent played a ton, but its ""decent"" so far eventhough the melee combat is extremely oversimplified and kind of boring.I hate pirates with a passion, but thumbs up anyway.. no reason to hate, yet."
76561198013594187,Not Recommended,249230,13429289,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Straychild,I didn't like this game. Its just endless grinding with respawns and doesn't feel like previous risen.
,Recommended,249230,11877978,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,AliasZero,"Purchased the game when it released still can't even load the game. Has some ""CORE"" issue loading which alot of other people are having as well. Hear nothing but great thing's about the game I dropped $50.00 to own it but can't play the product. I was informed ""They were and are aware of the issue prior to launch"" Why release a game if your customer's can't play it...."
76561197970808458,Recommended,249230,23463511,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,xlt486,"I am approximately four hours into this game and I have to admit that I am very hooked. The excellent voice-acting, combined with the yes, cliched, yet still somehow comelling quests work well, and there have been several occassions so far that I have just stepped back as if while watching a Kubrick fil and admired the stunning graphics. Taken for what it is, a rollicking, somewhat predictible yet highly polished effort, this is well worth the money. My only major quibble is the inability to turn off the HUD, especially that inventory bar at the bottom of the screen. This really detracts from the overall experience.8.6 out of 10. I've kept this long after I've put Skyrim away, and the Witcher, while clearly superior in every aspect, is a  bit too serious after two vodka tonics. Relax and have fun after a hard days work. Play Risen 3!"
,Recommended,249230,23073553,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,i drink bleach,"I'm bias with this game because the first game i personally think is amazing but this game starts slow which leads to people only playing 30 minutes then saying ""ermahgerd da combat is so slow an boring"" you gotta play because all of the memories of the main characters been wiped and he only knows the basics of swordplay now"
76561198033162100,Recommended,249230,28820646,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,militarypolicecorps,I didnt like the control scheme. I think I will give it another try though.
76561198062769414,Not Recommended,249230,18377287,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Evilweasil,"Cumbersome combat. Unimaginative cutscenes. A tutorial that makes you want to quit before you start.If any of this sounds interesting, you might like the game. I certainly didn't."
76561198039023128,Not Recommended,249230,24121877,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,dev.karam,"Crazy ridiculous amount lag affacting cutscenes, dialog and worst of all game play. I do not recomend. Played risen 2 loved it, loved the characters and storyline and therefore excited to play risen 3. but the speech delay in the cutscenes and the lag in the combat just make it one big chore. Forget it."
,Not Recommended,249230,17866946,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,DracoMalus,"The best looking game in the series but the laziest and weakest overall.Except for the visuals there really isn't anything that's improved since Risen 2 and much has gotten worse.The Good:I like the visuals, the enhanced edition really looks good.  The models, the colors, and the overall look and feel of the environments are well done.  There are are few small anomalies here and there but nothing horrible or overly distracting.  Weather effects could be a bit better, but it doens't really take away anything.I like the magic.  While I haven't used all the systems if the others are similay to the way voodoo works then that's pretty good.  While magic isn't a very in depth process it's interesting and diverse enough to be fun to use.I have always liked the quest system, where you can complete the goals of a quest even before you get assigned the quest.  So if you kill all the creatures in some corner and then come across a guy who gives you the quest to go kill the creatures in that corner, you can complete it right then and there.Some minor (and major) rewards for exploring.  I like being able to look up at some rocks and ask ""What's up there?"" and much of the time I am able to clime up there and find something there; a dead body, some gold or food, or whatever.  Very rarely have I been disappointed from randomly exploring the areas.The BadSo mcuh of in this game is left over from the previous games.  Very little is completely new.  You'll interact with just about everyone you met before in the previous games, many of these meetings are forced and add absolutely noting to the plot. Especially the ones you meet in your very short stints into the underworld which are forced upon you at various times when you go to sleep.  Boring and a complete waste of time.Combat still sucks♥♥♥♥♥  You pretty much have the same moves you did in Risen 2 and most of the enemies still use the same tired old attack routines.  Save for a couple of the newer mini bosses and bosses every creature uses the same attack pattern that existed in previous game.  It truly boggles my mind that an alligator has teh exact same attack pattern as the wild beaked birds. Combat adds almost nothing new in installment.  Even my voodoo combat is the same as my melee combat save that it will hit multiple creatures rather than just one.  Not to mention even on hard this game is easy save for the random times the AI just goes ballistic and starts throwing up a stream of attacks there is no way you can defend against.  Also, some monsters, despite how powerful your armor is, will kill in one hit if you fail to dodge.  Combat is an annoying chore instead of a fun activity.Auto saves:  Autosaves are nice, but they are very strangely activated.  Most are okay, but there are times where they should be used when they're not.  An autosave should activate right a fast travel and tehy aren't.  If you forget to save after a fast trave to your ship and then travel to another island and then get killed by something on the beach, when you reload you'll be way back on that other island.  Also, I have encounterd puzzles where once you solve them you get ambushed and if you don't save and get killed you have to solve the puzzle again.  One took me 10 minutes to solve and I got ambushed, die almost instantly, and had to redo the god damn puzzle.  That's a horrible flaw.  Autosave on complete puzzles is a must.Vague quest resolution:  A few quests are completely vague in how they are supposed to be resolved.  One in particular I have done every single quest on the isle of mages and all I get is ""I still have soem things to do before we can start"" with absolutely no clue what I need to do or am waiting for.Companions:  Kinda hand for combat, though they're really slow to start fighting (I can fimish most foes before the companion even makes one attack) they are almost always in your way when you wanna loot the corpses.  You have to specifically make sure the corpse is highlighted because you companion will usually be right here in your face when trying to loot.  This is annoying as hell.The underworld:  Often times when you sleep you're whisked away into a stint in the underworld which serves one of two purposes.  So you can have a brief chat with someone you killed in Risen 2 which adds nothing to the game in the least and another to collect ""soul dust"" which can help elevate your soul rank, but they always end abruptly as you collect one or two and then a creature appears and kicks you out of the underworld.The UglyThe main character is a complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  This guy is absolute o fun to play unless you want to be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  Even if you follow the ""good"" path everything that comes out of this guys mouth is pure garbage.  Even when you select the nice dialoge option the character sounds like he's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off that he even has to talk to someone else.  He has set a new standard for me as most unlikable video game protagonist ever.This game is a disjointed mess.  All of its parts do not equal up to its whole.  Most of its parts are average at best, a few are good, more are bad, and a lot just doesn't make any sense.  All in all, I'm just not really enjoying this game.  Risen 2 was so much better."
,Not Recommended,249230,14642181,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Nomad,"This game is the perfect  epitome of the phrase, ""What the ♥♥♥♥?""Its also a great example of what not to do as a developer in the 21st century of gaming.Bad controls, poor timing/latency and a lackluster graphics engine killed it for me."
76561198033157923,Recommended,249230,25255996,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,sL | SkaL,very good game.
76561198006884898,Recommended,249230,16763567,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,buchecker,For better or worse this feels like the 6th iteration of the same game. And while i enjoyed especially Gothic 2 it is getting old. Get this on a discount if you liked any of the previous games.
76561198295864780,Not Recommended,249230,24138813,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,SouthwardGolf7,"My negative rating is based purely on my own opinion, so will differ from that of others.I think conceptually, the game has a lot going for it; the levels are nice, it is graphically pleasing, the characters (despite the very VERY poor voice acting) are unique and interesting, and the pirate setting is fun - but that's all.The voice acting is very tedious. I'm not one to get hung up on such details, but when a game relies so heavily on conversing with NPC's, it can/has ruin/ed a/this game.The story is so diffuse I struggled to know what was going on, and i'm very much a narrative junkie. Where to to go, why you're going there, and what to do next were questions that for me were left unanswered. Don't get me wrong, I enjoy running about 'just because', but after the story is done.I struggled through these ~4 hours of gameplay, and, unfortunately, didn't enjoy much of it. I have Risen 2 and 1, so I will give those a go. The game holds promise, but falls flat. For those looking for a fun RPG, look elsewhere. For those who have exhausted all possible RPG's, go play a FPS."
,Not Recommended,249230,16713697,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Radnen,"Full disclosure: I'm coming at this review from an action-rpg perspective, such as The Witcher III, Skyrim and Kingdoms of Amalur.I've heard people say they like this game and even some people have defended the game's combat, but I can't seem to understand them when there are a plethora of games that have better-feeling combat systems. This review will be a breakdown of the combat system in this game. Bear in mind, I am playing the Witcher III, and yes I am comparing this to a game like that because I need a benchmark for what a good battle systemfeelslike. Because that's the thing I'm not hearing often enough about this game... that the combat system may be likable but itfeelsfar off the mark.So, what I dislike out of the gate is the fact I have to unlearn all the best systems in the past. There are no real parry moves, blocking or dodging of any kind. Sure you can roll, but it's really hampered. In other games like Amalur and Witcher III, a roll is a dodge that puts you in a better position to combo. In this game it's more of a get-out-of-the-way move that ends up being a chore for how often you do it, and you can never align it correctly. Sure you can roll out to a better position for comboing and sure if you've gotten used to this system, you may even say it's just as good, but you have to realize you are getting used to afloaty and unrealistic fighting system. I'm just now getting the hang of it and I'm fighting the opponents in different ways than I prefer. It feels really cheap oftentimes to attack in certain ways in this game. The Witcher III seems to have a graceful sliding system with the dodge mechanic that can be used to great effect if timed correctly. But I find the timing in this game to be rather hard to figure out.The next gripe I have is with the attacks. They feel very floaty and I cannot feel for where the tip of the sword is, this small concept is proving to be a huge nuisance. Games like Skyrim or The Witcher III have very decent positional relation with the blade. I can tell easily if an opponent is within range. Even more off putting, the character ice-skates to his opponent in the game, which is harder yet to control. Also I've noticed that while in mid ""ice-skate"" the enemy can still attack you from the front. Which is odd since I'm coming right at it. Games like Amalur which does have a kind of skating system, at least feel satisfying for connecting with the opponent in rewarding ways.The attacks also seem slow and the combos don't stack. If I hit the attack button and quickly move to 'parry' or block, it seems to cancel the move which is not what I'm used to. I was half hoping the attack continues and the character moves into a parry stance, much like other games with really nice animation. This subtly makes the fighting feelunnuanced and robotic.There are patterns to most enemies you encounter, but they don't have a rhyme or reason. It's quite random how you handle even the most basic encounters. Rolling and attacking, waiting for them to do two attacks so you can get them with one attack. Waiting for them to charge an attack, etc. It also doesn't help that your attacks at first don't seem to deal much damage. Basic encounters can be long winded if you focus too much on blocking and rolling and not dealing enough damage.Groups are hard to manage. The best solution is to attack randomly until they die off evenly, or getting lucky enough to isolate one of them. But in other games there are usually ways to cope with groups. In the Witcher for example, the character can parry and attack and dodge enemies coming in from the sides or behind and what's better is you can do that by timing it in that game. In this game, the character isacrobatically feable, which makes it rather hard to do any impressive sword swashbuckling. If it isn't one of two states you can be in, you'tre screwed. Even Assassins Creed games get this right. It also helps if enemies all don't attack at once but circle you until they are ready to leap. I know you might think that system is cheap, but it certainly goes a long ways in creating a believable action game where the hero has to fight multiple enemies. But it mainly comes down to flank-parry recognization: The idea you can turn an opponents attack around when they arrive from the side.Finally, where are the skills? I haven't gotten far enough along to unlock shield-breaking moves, different combos, stun moves, etc. I was hoping to have some experience of this before the first trainers, but the game really hampers you in the beginning and that leaves a rather dull first impression. I find it hard to keep coming back to this game because of it.That's my experience with it. So if you prefer really nice action games, please steer away from this or you'll be cursing about how bad this system is before you get any good at it. It definitely is not a system I picked up and liked immediately like Witcher III or other similar, better combat games."
76561198000268263,Not Recommended,249230,16853064,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,martin.gilloway,"Pi** poor combat, a hero that moves in slow motion, laggy controls, stupid QTEs and an even more stupid auto-save. Every time you start to (almost) enjoy the game, it does something that makes you want to rage-quit. Oh yeah, it also re-uses stuff from the previous RISEN games which makes it stink of cheapness."
76561197980241343,Recommended,249230,17621114,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,FloopyGapples,Do it...
,Recommended,249230,14252396,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,TheCurmudgeons,This game is a bit too similar to Risen 2 but still awesome fun - if you like to swear this is a must have game.
,Not Recommended,249230,17975217,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Lubo,"I don't know what to say maybe just, I expected more."
76561197976868635,Not Recommended,249230,16542160,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Sanginius,"This is just a quick warning to those that have 21:9 ratio monitors. They are not supported. There are a couple of posts linking suposed workarounds, but I wasnt able to get it to work, as its the same work around linked in a few different posts.I have said no but that is purely because there is no support for this aspect ratio and there doesnt appear to be a working way to enable it. this isnt based on gameplay as i didnt even try playing it due to not being able to look at it properly"
76561198005208262,Recommended,249230,11789571,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,[JGS]>TEUTATES<,Dosent work on 5+ Core systems. Game sucks if ya cant even  start it.
,Recommended,249230,11790694,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,SSBK Bob,"Finished in 40 hours with some time spent on sidequests. Good game if you are a fan of the series, perhaps a mediocre one if you are only coming from AAA rpgs that handfeed you everything. Game engine as always is improved, but still not what I would call great. Challenging and rewarding combat system."
76561198063971412,Recommended,249230,11875032,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Paffs,"I can't call this product ""new"". It feels like additional content to Risen 2: Dark Waters.It's good, but not good enough to satisfy all hopes that I had about this game.Piranha Bytes lost his tradition about 1 main character for all games of series. More over, we have absolutle unknown character to play, meet many old characters, but don't have a chance to meet old M.C. That is not good i think.Game has old engine and haven't good graphics, but this is not a game about graphic. But if I must compare graphics in Risen 2 and 3 I can say - it have some differences. In Risen 2 I realy wanted to drop my mouse to monitor with every new dialog. Faces of all characters were so same... Just don't want to remember it. Now, in Risen 3 - i haven't noticed it. Maybe characters still have 3-4 models, but they are all looks different. It's good.Story. Story has continued. We play for new m.c. but doing the same - killing titan lords. Another, completely different lord in this story - can make you scream, realy. Especially last fight, it's so idiotic. I don't want to use spoilers in rewiew, so, that is all i can say about story without spoilers.Battle. It's useless. Realy. Swords are no need now. Take rifle and pistol - and deal with all enemies like they are nothing. Especially with non-stoping rolls. Shoot-roll-roll-shoot and all the same with every type of enemies. M.c. haven't stamina scale, or, even, mana scale (!!!). About that, now we use spells only by cooldown. And it's realy long. About me - I start to use sword after about 20 hours of gameplay, than i upgrade my swordsman skill to 60-70 or about that. Before that - don't even think to fight against lots of enemies with sword. Use rifle or shotgan, realy. I just noticed - in that game, i haven't die in hand to hand combat. I've died twice in sea-battle. Cause it was realy hard. In Risen 3 you can, no, you have to, fight with sea-monsters 3 times. Everytime new and more dangerous. But for game about pirates - sea-battles realy bad.In sum:Graphic - 6/10Story - 7/10Gameplay - 5/10Sound - 9/10 (it's realy amazing, just haven't more words, i liked it!)We have general rating 6,75/10. I can't recomend this game to everyone, but fans of this series can look at this game and check it out. Good luck buddies ^___^"
76561197960974060,Recommended,249230,11794767,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,frYdaY,Keeps me from doing important things. Absolutely worth a play!
76561197970380880,Not Recommended,249230,18063681,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,David Bowie,"This game was terrible.  Bad graphics, bad story, bad animations and terrible voice acting.  Bought this game off the pre release game footage, which it was nothing like."
,Not Recommended,249230,18767163,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,vcmadman {pt},"well in a game that u knock down ur oponent, and the he gets up and atacks u in time it take from knocking him down to swing ur sword at him again, i cant find the logic, really, the game simply feel's like a day time job."
,Not Recommended,249230,19190314,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,yc,"In-game quest log book is buggy.New quests are not added into this log book, making it hard to track quests"
,Not Recommended,249230,20587850,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,matthias,"I've played and finished all Gothic game titles and Risen 1 & 2, but I can't say the same for Risen 3. I started playing it, and the first few hours definitely were fun, but it just felt like the game was artificially slowing you down. Dialogs are slow, you spent a lot of time walking around with nothing happening, and the main story line is just not that exciting. It basically feels like watching a youtube video on 50% speed.At some point in the middle of this game I realized that I wasn't really enjoying playing it, but only continued to play for the sake of finishing it. Better spend your time one something more enjoyable :)"
76561197961750100,Not Recommended,249230,26159777,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,PilgriM,"Awefull combat, kills it..."
76561198009943923,Recommended,249230,19293312,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Funny Shoes,"A nice game in a different settings: a pirate world. No elves and such stuff. Well, there are some walking skeletons. But guess they are common all over the game world.Although a bit repetitive at times, the sceneries are nice and the quests makes it easy to continue. I did feel a real urge to finish the game, took me almost 60 hours (that with finishing all the side quests).The battles can be slash, parry, dodge, shoot. But some also require some tactics: at first the final boss killed me each time after a 20 minute struggle. But with the correct setup it was over in two minutes (on normal). This finished the game, I don't feel the need to play all over again although I didn't do anything with a lot off stuff I collected. So I guess I didn't do all there was to do in the game.On the global achievement page I can see that about 1 in 4 of the players completed this game. I think that's a good score. If you like a good RPG: give it a try.My PC can't handle Witcher 3, but had no problem with this game.Pro's:* Patty & Patty (yes, both of them)* the women of Kila* lots of quests to do* unlimited collecting of stuff. Lots to pick up* beautiful graphics in an open world. Lots to discover* adult humorCon's:* quests are a tad too easy, the goals are shown on the map* conversations can get a bit long wided, especially when the NPC is making the same gestures over and over* no nice party after beating the enemies* no stealth needed: often NPC's don't object when you steal all their stuff* unlimited carrying of stuff makes it difficult to find the one thing you needMy personal score: 8/10."
,Recommended,249230,11848539,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Episodev,"Ive spent a few hours and while there are some issues like Ai pathfinding, i haven't had too much issues, i do like the dark patches of land, reminds me of the valley of mines, anyway, i didn't like risen 2 so much as it was very piratey and kinda cheesy, this has pirates but it has not the same... heavy pirate presence glooming over your every interaction, i still haven't choosen a path (who to join), anyway, if you had fun blastin thru gothic 2 listening to hours of AAA voiceacting cramped into a tiny 2.7 gig game, then atleast give Piranha Bytes some support and buy this game, for the memories :3"
76561197970934684,Recommended,249230,11783260,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Aetrion,"Risen 3 delivers on just about everything Risen 2 was missing. It ties together the worlds of Risen 1 and Risen 2 beautifully and adds a ton of new content.It has its flaws, but for people who enjoyed Risen 1 and 2 this is definitely a worthwhile addition to the series."
76561198068369219,Recommended,249230,17058066,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Decron,Great continuation for the series!
,Not Recommended,249230,13628636,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,'FluffyButtz' L. David,Really really bad. For an 2014 game it has increadibly horrible acting mechanics and fighting is absolute crap. I'd love to say this is a good game for an older generation but it's new...
76561197981318409,Not Recommended,249230,14656376,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Agrivane,"The combat system is very annoying, most NPCs are clones with magic xray vision.  In the seven and a half hours I played, there were only two female NPCs. the first being your cartoonishly proportioned pirate sister, the second an old crone that can teach you potion making.I've played the Gothics, and avoided the previous two in this series due to the negative reviews.  I'm glad this was on sale, as if I paid full price I'd be very annoyed.  I still wish Steam allowed returns."
76561198180698663,Recommended,249230,29813180,Posted: 9 February,all,megadarkk,Good game...though I enjoyed risen 1 and 2 a bit more.
,Not Recommended,249230,14671493,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Meph504,"Wow just really horrible, the voice acting is comically bad, the translations are worse, the combat is like sailing a bathtub in a hurricane with a sharp stick on the end.  Even at $25 this game was a rip off, and I'm generally a fan of the genre.just save the money, seriously."
76561198054866204,Recommended,249230,31669398,Posted: 10 May,all,Raokoon,Lots of Fun!
76561198081435668,Recommended,249230,33165375,Posted: 2 July,all,mad_madz63,No where near as good as the first two. Was a bit disappointed with this one.
,Recommended,249230,25540608,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,gimme five,"good storytelling, good graphic,"
,Not Recommended,249230,19484200,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Nini,"Having put a lot of time and effort into the first two titles (and the Gothic trilogy, of course), I figured I'd review this final title.The ability to sprint is a welcome improvement from the sluggish movement in the first two titles, with the second game's fast-travel making it more bearable than the first game.I don't think the music keeps in line very well with the themes of the earlier games (risen 2 all the way back to the first Gothic title), though it has its moments. I found the interface clunkier than the second game's, which is very unfortunate.The main character's (English) voice is terrible; I really wish this horrible voice was allotted to a minor character that dies off very early in the game rather than the one person you have to endure through its entirety. While the voices on the other characters are nice enough, with some, like Bones', improving a bit in my opinion, I find the characters less interesting than in the earlier games.I thought the combat in Risen was too plain, I thought the combat in Risen 2 was *excellent*, and I think the combat in Risen 3 is...not very good, though not necessarily a step backward. I was hesitant to try Risen 2 after my pleasant experiences with the Gothic titles and the first Risen, but after getting it on sale I was extremely impressed and thought it kept the spirit of the earlier games alive. As a consequence, I approached Risen 3 with very high expectations, none of which were really met. I don't think anyone stands to *lose* from trying it, but I can't recommend it."
76561198169057775,Recommended,249230,23048858,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,jcifrit,Terrific game
76561198016042536,Recommended,249230,17620162,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Xavi,Flying parrot!!!...That is all!!!
76561198119630508,Recommended,249230,11684889,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,TheHumbleTitan,As much as i like the idea there is a few things i dont like like limited amount of magic called crystal magic and the creatures sword play and sword vs sword is weak the creatures give nearly no sign that they are going to attack they just jump forward incredibly fast while screatching there was a few times i got in sync but those were short moments i suppose that if you like the series go ahead and get it but to me personally skyrim is leagues better :) have fun
,Recommended,249230,11695516,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,SyntexToxy,"Okey, so i've played for 24 hours and I have to say, the game is dammned good. With a few skills and more importantly magic, the combat does not feel half as bad, depending on the faction there are several nice combos to do with magic. i'm loving the demon hunters. Graphics look awsoome, especially distant structures and lightning. Shadows look awsome and very realistic. Story is as great as you can expect from such a developer, leveling is fairly balanced and not too hard. I mostly love the fact that you get magic with every faction, unlike prequals where you had to choose a specific one for it, while every faction still has it's own magic to make a difference between them. I also like how there are faction specific skills. Humor is grately present witch also gives the game even more charm. So in conclusion for anyone that likes a good story, rpg-s, adventures or open world games this is a must have. Great game."
,Not Recommended,249230,11714610,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Braver,"Utter garbage.  No support for hyperthreaded, 6+ core processors and minimal responses from the Devs despite it being out for days.  No patch and no communication on the status of one.  Spend your money elsewhere unless you have a PC built before 2009 or want to cripple your system with BIOS changes to play the game.Edit: Support thread for users with the same issues...by community members, not devs:http://steamcommunity.com/app/249230/discussions/0/35220315959560960/?tscn=1408153911"
,Recommended,249230,11740342,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Peanuts,"Perfekt Game! beside some crashes while using rifles, its very satisfying. Risen 3 got a amazing grafic, great ambience and lots of details. first time since gothic 3 ( include the crappy Arcania parts ) that it feels like Gothic! The map is really big, at least most of the islands. the style connect to Risen 2, but sadly the story is a bit diffrent. Petty which was our Girlfriend in Risen 2 is now our sister. You can even find NPC's of Gothic 2/3 and Risen 1/2 which play the old roll. IMO the releaseprice is worth it and if you liked Gothic & Risen, you should get it!9,5/10 ( i dont mind the rifle bug since there are other bugs i was able to figure). Just the Storyline should compare more to the Risen 2 story. Good luck everyone ;)"
76561197960757936,Not Recommended,249230,11706337,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Kali,Combat system is horrible. Stay away from this game.
,Recommended,249230,11712428,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,pure,"I am not a guy that writes long reviews so I will keep it short. It is amazing, if you liked Gothic 2, Gothic 3 you will love this game. The beginning is a bit too quick and a bit boring but once you get to !!!ALERT SPOILER!!! choose one of the 4 islands to go it gets ♥♥♥♥ing amazing! I can only recommend this game :)!"
,Recommended,249230,11713140,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,PunkCupcake,"So i just finished the game and i need to say its a really good game.The fighting is interesting and always a challenge as i thought.The story is great even tho it ends a bit ""strange"" i would say.It's challenging and you literally discover new stuff arround every 20 minutes.sadly there are bugs :/Could be that there are a vew fixed (i did play through before the first patch)there are no Game Crashing bugs, or atleast i didn't find any.""just"" something like Magic Light you summoned disappearing and stuff like that.It's still definitly worth buying if you like RPG's and/or are a fan of the Series."
76561198071782076,Recommended,249230,11720605,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Bone Spirit,Great Game
76561197987214129,Recommended,249230,11734341,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Roktar,Atmosphere 5/5Sound 5/5Quests 4/5Melee Combat 4/5Magic Combat 5/5Graphic 3.5/5Story 3.5/5Conclusion: 4/5Risen 3 > Risen 1 > Risen 2
76561198073084070,Recommended,249230,11712016,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,EzuTheDarkLord,go herehttp://www.n3rdabl3.co.uk/2014/08/risen-3-titan-lords-review/tha got it right do not buy unless it is super cheap and your someone how don't care about graphics just bad. and brocken promise
76561197968560421,Recommended,249230,22786407,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,RandalMcdaniel,"Pirahna bytes makes some awesome rpgs, i think they deserve more $$ from the gaming community in general. Im pretty sure this game has been on sale for $1-$3 a few times. Kind of depressing to see companies like this not making that much money. I hope pirahna bytes survives and can keep bringing us exceptional titlesI am currently 60gameplay hours into Gothic 1 (Just found out there is a DX11 overhaul for gothic 1 and 2) and i just love this development team"
76561198042048688,Recommended,249230,11706706,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Sarrum,"The game has its ups and downs but over all it isa fun game. There is lots to do and it does not really hold your hand and explain things for crafting and that sort to you or maybe I just have not found the npc yet. First chest I had to pick it said something to the affect of dont hit the wrong tumbler or you have to start over... I spent way longer than I should trying to figure out what the ♥♥♥♥ I needed to do for the minigame. I then cleared my first real island of all the plants and mobs, wonder wtf do I do with all this stuff? I just wanna make a bottle of rum! Or how the ♥♥♥♥ do I sneak? When I lost my soul did I magically forget how to crouch and move slowly? I like that the game doesn't tell me everything I need to know, I rather figure that out on my own. The combat is probably my only real complaint and it is mainly you can't roll off things in combat. I have been on a rock many times about 1 inch off the ground and I go to dodge an enemy and stopped by an invisible wall. Would I rather it be like Elder Scroll where I can really steal anything that isn't nailed down and have hidden caves with bad guys in it for me to kill? Of course I would. Would I rather have the combat more hardcore as in DS? YES! But the game isn't from those devs and it is what it is so I have to ask myself do you have fun? are you even a little be curious to see what happens at the end? I do so I think the game is a success. I read some people saying the game isnt worth 50$ more like 30$ and I almost agree. The graphics, clunky combat is totes a 30$ game but the game has so many quests, places to explore, and frankly I have played to close to 33hrs and I still have 3 more islands and havent picked a faction... and the game seems like i havent even come to the climax of the game yet... I think it is worth the other 20$ for that alone."
,Recommended,249230,11775537,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Savatage79,"Its Risen through and through. If you loved Risen 2, youll feel right at home. Anyone expecting anything else obviously never played Risen."
,Not Recommended,249230,16761599,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Carrot <3 Sexy Time !,"Somebody said the fighting system was bad and I figured well it can't be that bad and the graphics seemed good in video's online. Well the graphics weren't so amazing as I had hoped, the Game has way to much dialog.And the fight system is so bad it makes the game totally unplayable.Would not recommend at all."
,Recommended,249230,33182531,Posted: 3 July,all,The Handsome Ernie *,For me ...This game is 10/10 . Did enjoy every bit of it.
76561198037426799,Not Recommended,249230,11742415,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Yatagarasu211,"Gets very repetitive. The enemies are the same, just different colors. The combat makes no sense. When fighting a fast opponent why does my character have to swing his sword like a jedi deflecting blasters to hit (which i usually get hit first.) Was hoping for a more ""Fable"" like gameplay but not even close. Everyone and I mean EVERYONE is stronger than you. So if its a 3 on 1 monster attack your done. One good thing is exploration. I like it has some areas to explore but thats about it."
76561198022601020,Not Recommended,249230,11745818,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,paradigm5o,"Although only a few hours in (and if my opinion changes ill follow up this post), but the combat in this game is extremely attrocious.  Its the same technique over and over again; attack attack, block, block block, attack, etc..   If you dont mind getting frustrated as 3 mobs attack you at once and your stuck blocking and running away, and  if you like taking forever to kill mobs, then this game is for you.  Im hoping this changes as the game progresses but the starting hurdle is a bit rough in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,249230,32116354,Posted: 1 June,all,Pouncing Kitty Getting Dizzy,"Okay so I've played all the Risen games and I have to say this one is just awful...its like with each game they had a new team, and the team hasn't even played or know the story of the previous game. Not to mention that in the 3rd game they made the main character the BROTHER of Patty(party member/important character)...when in the previous series they were implying a romantic relationship...it's just weird. Also they've tried making the main character sound and swear like a junkie on meth. Oh, and they were pretty lazy with the game, they stuck new graphics, copied all the maps and labeled it a new game...pathetic."
,Recommended,249230,23967982,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Savakuda,"Kept jumping up a mountain until I got to the top.Jumped off and landed on a dodo bird, killing it instantly without taking damage.Would use Rockslide on Dodou again. 10/10"
76561198027746694,Not Recommended,249230,15992986,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,manzzz,listen this game is buetifull but ♥♥♥♥ me i mean the combat is♥♥♥♥♥♥and its not worth 50 bucks or even 30 maybe 20if u wanna game to explore in dont get this ull get butt smacked so hard your♥♥♥♥♥♥will fall off by monsters a little higher leveled and if u want a good melee system go buy mount and blade
,Recommended,249230,17467097,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Zloth,"A pretty good game for sure!  I got about 60 hours of fun with it using both DLCs.On the plus sideGreat exploration!  They don't limit you so don't be surprised when you finish a quest you didn't even know about yet.Graphics are quite nice.  There's an ""enhanced"" edition rumored but the stock graphics are really quite nice.Good quests.  Organization of the quest log can be a bit dicey (was that an island quest or a crew quest??) but having so many quests that they can be a bit hard to track is a great problem to have.A nice sprinkling of good humor.Mostly bug-free.  There are a few bugs here and there but nothing that really hurt my fun.Good autosave PLUS quick save PLUS named save system.  Why can't all games do this?On the minus sideManual level scaling (see below).Too few monster types.Sea battles start interesting but get tedious.  (Luckily, there's only a few.)Inventory gets too huge to find things.The game is open world and is intent on letting you go wherever you want, with only a few areas locked off.  Unfortunatly, that means that at least half of each island is full of stuff you can defeat with your starting character!  (The fog island DLC is an exception to this.)  So, once you finish a bunch of the first island you go to, the second will be a bit easy and the others will be a LOT easy.  To counter that, you'll need to up the difficulty level as you go along - essentially doing your own level scaling.The game has lots of crafting.  You can craft potions, rum, spell scrolls/stones/dolls, and so on.  I collected TONS of crafting ingredients but I barely used any.  Why?  See the previous paragraph.  Why bother making yourself stronger when the game isn't difficult?While the game has major balance issues as the game goes on, don't let that throw you.  The game is fun!  Just don't make yourself too powerful and keep pushing the difficulty up.  There's much to see and many, many people to chat with!"
76561198072546152,Not Recommended,249230,12091753,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,kevinknippers,Just started to play this game so far really cheesey and the combat needs work
76561197982737666,Not Recommended,249230,17714732,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Siphon,"Don't be fooled by the overall positivity, this game in almost all of its aspects is atrocious.The first and most standout aspect of this game should be the combat; fast paced, exciting, fluid, and interesting combat should be a staple for any game of this type to make up for the long sequences of talking and looting.  Unfortunetly, this game is none of that.  The combat is separated into light and heavy attacks that look no different from each other, (Don't even get me started on the hilariously terrible idea of ""heavy attack"" in swordplay, but I'll spare you my historical rant).  Your light attacks feature a spinning flourish for every single attack except for one that leaves you completely open for counter attack from the VASTLY quicker and deadlier enemies that you face (even the pitifully tiny fish monsters at the start of the game).  Should you choose to string together attacks in a combo your strikes will become progressivly slower until the final strike where the enemy would sooner die from boredom while it waits for the attack. Dodgeing is neccissary but commically utilized, and the ""parry"" system is downright useless when compared to rolling around like an idiot with invincibility frames.  Secondary weapons are consumable and boring in excecution.Bottom line for combat is that it's unintuitive, boring, and most importantly just not fun in any way.Then we have the story.  The plot takes after ""video game trope A-4"" in the fact that it does almost nothing new in its excecution.  Demon overloard was woken up from a nap and now he's cranky, as the player character only you can stop him because why not?  I will say that the distinction between reality and the spirit realm was entertaining for a momment before I realized it had no impact whatsoever on how I played the game.Bottom line for plot is that it's only a background for tearing into new land for looting, no real significance to how you play the game.Sound track isn't noteworthy, while it does serve as an adequate filler.Animations are stiff and cringeworthy. Seems like they poured all of their budget into the spinny dance techniques the character employs in his swordplay.The only reason I would ever have to want to play this game is the hear the protagonist swear at NPC's more.  It's actually really fun to  have a pirate as the protagonist because he has no obligation towards manners, which creates the  exceedingly rare vaguely pleasant momments in the game.Final margin: the game is simply bad.  It's based around systems that are honestly not fun at all.  I bought this game when it was 75% off and only 8 or so Canadian Dollars, and I feel guilty for my idiocy.  I could have just bought a toy cutlass from the dollar store and had ten times the fun this sopping mess of a game gave me.  Please, do not buy this game for any ammount of money."
76561198027961062,Not Recommended,249230,16567893,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,SpudLord,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.IT IS LITERALLY UNPLAYABLEFirst of all the combat is clunky as hell, i figured i could get over that, i thought to myself ""Ah, you'll learn it!"" but then i tried to rebind some keys (because for some reason draw weapon is mid mouse) and guess what? I also can't bind keys. Guess what happened when i tried to make dodge any key other than B? ""Dodge has been bound to B"" now, when i tried binding control to anything else (one of the keys i tried to bind to dodge) it thinks the ctl key is B, and won't let me bind anything else to ctl, the only way i found to fix this is by starting over again because that's right, reseting the controls doesn't help."
76561198011261090,Recommended,249230,17028956,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,coksula,HATERS GONNA HATE
76561198142503906,Not Recommended,249230,17153025,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Dirty Little Terroist,"No, Just NoPros: I used to like pirates when i used to dress up as them with the extremely colourful parot andthe weird priate hat and the huge waistcoat with the wonky sword, now you look like this in the gameMain Character: has a bit which as that going for it.The Graphics: i wont lie does look pretty beautiful and enemies do look quite menacing and intimidating like they should beCons:Voice Acting: was terrible and extremely annoying, *sees a lever near a door in plainsight*, ""OH LOOK A LEVER I WONDER WHAT IT'LL OPEN???""Combat system: was absolute rubish and the ""heavy"" attack is just you and only you slowly charging a hit up. and having to dodge and light attack every single time. and dont even get me started when your fighting more than one enemyStory: seems ""alright"" so far but is extremely cliche and very predictable whilst every character is as dumb as a bat.OVERALL: seeing as ive only played 2 hours of this game and don't plan on playing any more in the future, i can say this game is my top 10 worst games ive ever played, the screenshots and reviews are what drove me to buy this game. but i can you should not buy this game and i would say this game is a2/10 tops"
76561197970939588,Not Recommended,249230,17030204,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,JollyRog,"Wasn't very much of a fan of the other two games but was really bored and this had pretty good reviews, so I thought I would try it out. After 24 minutes I got sick of the clunky camera and crappy voice acting. Didn't really know what I was expecting seeing as I didn't like the other two, but if you can get over the game being broken and want a good story. Sure you should get this game."
76561198090189111,Not Recommended,249230,20426343,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Shanith,"No character creation, gives youa pre-set male character and no female option."
76561197994841733,Not Recommended,249230,13849892,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,peheroes,"I think this is the worst game of the Risen trilogy. There is too much combat with the different monsters from the early beginning - the monsters are almost everywhere.  Also somehow it feels that the combat mechanism is much difficult to control than that of Risen and Risen 2 - parry doesn't seem to work as it should be in my mind. Also graphics look somehow ugly compared to the earlier games in this series, and the voice acting is terrible. The map is mainly the same as in Risen 2, but the area you can explore freely is  less than earlier. However, if you can get this game with 15 € or less, it might be worth of buying."
76561198007262287,Not Recommended,249230,13836662,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Wrath,Gothic was the first game I ever played on the computer growing up and I have followed this genre ever since.  Unfortunately I do not know if I will evr buy one of these games again.  I really like being able to fight mobs toe to toe and these games do not let you do that anymore.  All you will find yourself doing is letting you ally (thankfully you have one who follws youa round) beat stuff up for you while you roll in circles around your enemies.  Honestly it makes for very boring game play where you get to look at the fight while cartwheeling around and never actually get to take part.  The story is interesting and kind of fun to follow but the game play sucks.  So if you play games for story it isnt bad... If you play them for them for the whole experiance you should save your money for another RPG.I would like to note I had similar disappointments with Risen 2 and should have know better before I bought this.
76561197999106627,Not Recommended,249230,13354184,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,sqlboy2000,"The good - the environments are pretty. The bad - everything else. The dialogue is pretty terrible, especially compared to Risen 2 which was genuinely funny. Annoying combat and some of the most annoying boss battles ever. Just get Risen 2."
76561198033370031,Not Recommended,249230,13315427,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,jacksy,"people who played risen2 like myself will feel totally robbed when they pay and play this game,combat sucks bigtime absolutly no direction story wise,on top of that your playin on risen 2 maps voice acting is a joke.This game was purely made for the company to make money with no consideration for the gaming community.power to the people we need to get a petition up for our money back"
76561198086919125,Not Recommended,249230,14152935,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,David™,The combat sucks more than elton john on a friday night. And i don't mean his singing.
76561198256262322,Not Recommended,249230,26088083,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,BananaHellCat,"Боёвка нулеваю, враги к тебе телепортируются а не подходят. Не игра а ху й ня. И в начале игры дают зубачистку а не меч, максимум, что ты можешь сделать врагу так это просто потыкать его не нанося урона и всё."
76561198117042418,Not Recommended,249230,13641812,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,vior wolfkin,"keyboard controls dont work properely , leave until controler suported or get console version"
76561198019277373,Not Recommended,249230,31449670,Posted: 29 April,all,Nevara1013,"Only got about 2 hours into this game before I ragequit. The combat is so bad. I find it near impossible to get a hit in because the player's wind up is so long. The enemies seem to be able to hit you so much faster. I just get knocked back constantly. I can block/parry to avoid some damage, but then I never get a hit it. So when there apears to be a break in the enemy constantly hitting me, I wind up (so long) for a hit and get knocked back immediately, then 2-3 times more in rapid succession. Maybe one day I'll try again, but right now there are so many better games to play.Other cons:- The voice acting is the worst in this game! So much worse than the previous 2 games.- You are no longer the protagonist of the first 2 games. Disappointing.- Consequently, I don't think the story builds on the first 2 games. I could be wrong, I doubt I'll get far enough to tell.This is such a shame because I really enjoyed the first 2 games."
76561198089159129,Not Recommended,249230,18128872,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Shotgun,i bought this  for a song on sale and it was still a waste of money graphics are poor it doesnt run smoothly and the controls and camera angle are totally useless im going to uninstal it now and forget it ever existed utter unplayable rubbish
76561198006795775,Not Recommended,249230,17150319,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,orwolf,"This Game is a huge waist of time, The fighting mechanics is horrible, stunted, and unless you have help it’s best to run because everything kicks your♥♥♥♥♥ the amount of time spent in the boring and less than meaningful dialog with NPCs after a while makes you afraid to talk to anyone. These are the main features of the game and they suck. NO! buy a different game."
76561198285267913,Recommended,249230,34857571,Posted: 10 September,all,dead inside,good
,Not Recommended,249230,12651672,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Dark Exile,"What was once a good series, not so much.Poor combat, suffers from trying to do ""good"" sea combat, which turn out horrible, bad voice acting.Only good point of this game is the graphics and freedom of character development, but so many other games do it so much better."
,Recommended,249230,11696064,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,RobbyFaul,"This game is a gem and you wont find many others like it. It has so much heart and character. The world just feels so deliberately crafted. Everything in the game world is placed with a purpose. This design choice deviates from the random events and occurrences in modern games like Skyrim, but brings to the table a feeling that this world was crafted with care and attention to detail. This, among other things such as the loot, craftable materials, varied jungles, caves, beaches, fortresses and more make exploration a real treat! My favorite location is Calador, a volcanic island with a massive waterfront fortress and green bonfires dotting the coastline. It really is a sight to behold!Ultimately, this game is all about getting lost in the vast world and forging your own destiny! It's about exploring and finding all of the secrets and content packed into the game! it's about side quests, and loot, and character progression, and choice! The choice to pick a direction, any direction, and be confident that there will be something new to discover right around the next corner. It's about all of these things... and while the game certainly isn't perfect, it's definitely a rare gem in a sea of mainstream rpgs that all try to do the same thing over and over.In short, if you're a Gothic/Risen fan, you know what you're getting into, and this is some of PB's finest work. You may love it, you may hate it, but I urge anyone who's on the fence to give it a shot! I hope you can find as much enjoyment in this game as I have so far."
,Recommended,249230,11679751,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Halfæng,I would highly recommend this game to any fan of fantasy or Roleplaying games.
,Not Recommended,249230,12634772,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,SokerCap,"I'm a big fan of the Gothic series and saw this on sale so grabbed itI haven't gotten that far but I am thoroughly disappointed and feel ripped offtl;dr : it feels like a mediocre xbox action gameMovement is slow and choppy as hell. My fps is just fine but there is lag to the input and the movements are too large and clumsy to feel like anything but a clutzCombat is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Partly related to movement and partly mechanics and timing of the attack/combo/parry system. Input is laggy and actions take too much time to have any feeling of fun, it feels like i'm sending orders to a wooden puppet stuck in molasses. Movement and dodging is so slow you can't react to anything you just have to guess if maaaybe the guy is going to attack in 5 seconds so you have enough time to start the animation. The only viable technique seems to be standing around in parry until the enemy finishes their animation so you can start yours.Maps are claustrophobic and feel fairly linear. Again, feels like an old mediocre xbox game that didn't have much memory to load bigger maps or display many polygons. You don't feel like you have much room to move around, and movement is so slow and clumsy it's a chore to run anywhere. The 'side' areas are just tiny branches with a few things on the ground to pick up off and then you are back on your one main path again.Graphics aren't that great. I like the style but the graphics feel dated. I'm running with everything on the highest settings possible and it'd still get beat by games 5 years older than it. C'mon, my computer can handle a few more polygons or foliage that doesn't look like abstract art.Bad ui/controls/ai - Controls are super simple.. again feels like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ console port. You pretty much just spam mouse clicks everywhere to do anything.. which includes picking up gold or talking to your annoying ai companion. Just from the start I've already gotten sick of trying to pick up gold or something and constantly going into the short 'talk' action with the companion. Her sass gets old reaaaal quick.Horrible combat/non-combat modes - There are two basic modes.. combat where your controls are all for fighting, and non-combat for things like running around, interacting with the scene, looting and picking up stuff. And the animation to draw your weapon is laggy and slow as hell. What does this mean? You can either run around in non-combat mode so you can look for loot and stuff to interact with, and then when you get ambushed from nowhere on the tiny maps sit there getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥until the monster gives you enough time to finish your draw weapon animation. OR, run around with your weapon drawn unable to loot anything. Awesome choices!Pros: I don't really have any at the moment. I like the pirate/magic crossover. I haven't gotten far enough to experience many different skills so I'm really hoping those help provide a tiny bit of fun for the giant waste of money this has been so far."
76561198057205438,Not Recommended,249230,28403619,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,alex_viper,"Although it has some good and entertaining parts......what the **** has happened?example Antigua: town is overrun with monsters, people dead on the floor....so I go to the bar, where everyone is chilling, or talk to the wife of Wilson, who blubbers about some letter to give to her husband, or her helper......A temporary companion is standing around with the hellhounds in the middle of the square....in the warehouse next door, some dude is hung up with magic, guarded by hellhounds. NOONE, just NOONE is doing anything. It just feels that the developer wanted to put a few npc in for the joke of it, but anyone being afraid? Not really.Generally speaking, tons of useless dialogue to skip only, the main character talks as if he swallowed a pack of cigarettes, NPCs, even quest related ones, are underdeveloped to say the least.....The fighting system might be ok, but always making three turns, before hammering down the sword (while the monsters are watching you in awe).....nothing to add to this. Well yes, you can roll away, no matter the ground, and then you wait for your companion to kill anything, even if it is 20 crabs, 3 dragon snappers, a hellhound gang, 5 titan lords.....I know that this is more a raging runt about the game, than a review, but after enjoying all the gothic parts, and risen 1 and 2, what exactly is the developer trying to achieve here? I played less than 2 hours now and cannot continue, because the game is just unbelivably infuriating and dumbed down, no effort can be felt that should have gone into the game*s development.After finishing Risen 2, I really liked that there would be a possibility to continue the storyline of Risen, because I like it. Right now though, I enjoyed the unpatched Gothic 3 a lot more."
76561198002473874,Not Recommended,249230,11705688,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,FerociousFerret,Seems unfinished or rushed.  Lacks final product polish.  Combat has very little depth.  Things like auto parry and blocking just by holding the mouse down are rediculous.  Monsters seem very easy to defeat.  The combat is essentially a bad version of Assassin's Creed series (which I dislike as well... but still).All these combine to make a game that probably shouldn't be on the top sellers list but is anyways.They even boast that their's no weight limit on your character - loot is meaningless if you can just carry everything.
76561198009438690,Not Recommended,249230,11740682,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,HidanForPres,This is a poor game at best
76561197995687118,Recommended,249230,11693913,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Scruzo,"Enjoying game so far, nice storey line to it.  Combat at times, can be a bit ruff lol, but its fun. 5/5"
76561197972039165,Not Recommended,249230,17646980,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Penny Lee,"Fighting is pants beyound belief, get hit - fall on floor, get up - get hit, fall on floor, get up - get hit, fall on floor, get up - get hit, die.  delete game."
,Not Recommended,249230,11925621,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,creocoder,Absollute trash if compare with Gothic 1/2. Piranha Bytes stop this please! It even worst than Risen 1! Combat system is just horrible. Last game i bought from PB.
76561198291653592,Recommended,249230,24782210,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Yason Bourne,sEEMS LIKE A FUN GAME
76561198003959978,Not Recommended,249230,11737527,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Aconite,This seems like a good game at first....but you soon realise it is not worth the asking price. buy it only if you are a real fan of the series. music is terrible. graphics are ok and combat is bad!
,Not Recommended,249230,11713304,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,NioNai,"I want to like the game I really do, But the bad combat, horrible VA and dialog. Plus it's not that pretty to look at. The game could of been something great, but it feels more like it should of been a top down game instead of a 3rd person action game."
,Recommended,249230,11686863,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,t0adphr0g,"I recommend this game. It is a fantastic sequel to Risen 2, with great action and beutiful graphics. With that being said, this game will not run with PCs that have greater than 8 cores, that is including HyperThreading (HT). If you have an Intel Hexacore CPU, as an example, You will need to disable HT to get this game to run.Hopefully this little bug will be patched out later."
76561198023948040,Recommended,249230,11695615,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,ratified_addendum09,"Awesome, even on easy it is madness."
76561198169549383,Recommended,249230,23570202,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,LordHorace98,it was fun
,Not Recommended,249230,11701687,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Gary Dozer,"Really? Exactly the same problems with save games as it was in Risen 2? Are you kidding me? Is this some kind of Piranha Bytes signature move?It's not a game it's a Risen 2 DLC!P.S.: You have to edit ""SteamApps\common\Risen 3\data\ini\mount_packed.xml"" so that the save game folder location would be valid."
,Recommended,249230,11679669,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Lochied,"My initial day one release review. Nice Game so far..voice acting and script are not the greatest, but that can be overlooked. Lighting and shadows are fantastic. Textures could stand to be improved. Combat is the core gem of this game. Movement is ciritical to survival.  Plenty to explore and treasures to be found.  I will post further as I play the game more."
76561198049990723,Not Recommended,249230,17698930,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,jpettipiece,Not impressed at all!
,Not Recommended,249230,11714114,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,falloutgod13,"I had turn off 8 cores, down to 4, in order to run this peice of crap. The graphics are pretty much the same as in Risen 2. The voice acting is atrocious. The combat stills sucks just as bad with only minimal animation improvments. They added on some tacky executions as if this is Assasin's creed! To say that I'm dissapointed is an understatement. This is Risen 2 with a new story line and all the same graphical and gameplay bugs included. Why can't these guys be HALF as Good CD Project Red?"
76561198085637287,Not Recommended,249230,19145880,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,AlkoPolo,so bad
,Not Recommended,249230,20700668,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,mogwins,I hit a game-breaking bug about halfway through.And was relieved.
76561198034503848,Not Recommended,249230,17232571,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,methoshellfire,The ending is terrible!
,Not Recommended,249230,24094253,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,VELTEN,"Can't get the game to run.Ive tried allot of things to fix it but i havent been able to start the game, it crashes on start, apperantly after some graphics update the game became very unstable for allot of people.I cant recommend it because of that, but if you do decide to buy it and you run into problems you can return the game."
76561197975744062,Not Recommended,249230,16722410,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,stuguy909,"I loved Riften 1, but hated Riften 2, alot.  I decided to give this game a shot, however.  From the start, this game hit me in the mouth with a useless tutorial and console tard feel.  This game is a Riften 2 clone, and even more so catered to XBOX.  The story continues the timeline of the previous game, and pretty much copies the combat and magic system of its predecessor.  Which are terrible in my opinion.  The graphics and stability are much improved over Riften 2, however.  Which is a huge bonus because Riften 2 ran like crap on my NVidia 750TI on low resolution and low graphic settings.  This game runs on medium graphics and 1080p with no problem on my rig.  Even with the improved graphics, I found myself looking at identical user interfaces, level up system, and item system of Riften 2.  This, like the second Riften, is a Pirates of the Carribean, mash buttons until enemies die, waste of time."
76561198068753913,Recommended,249230,11695629,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,MrArkAngel11,Ill say this the games combat is terrible. To get a sense it is like AC you block and your essentially immortal.
76561198052536305,Recommended,249230,22792000,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Dacu,Bring back gothic series !!!!!!!!!
76561198032164748,Recommended,249230,11684296,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,My_Rating_For_Steem_Is_Zero_thou,"My initial review is, I love it. They have gone back to their roots and made a fantastic game. easily equal to the first so far. Ive got around five hours in gameplay right now and i love it. lots of optimizations and fixes bring this title to where it should be. Its easily an 80 out of 100 for me. Reminds me so much of risen one but with huge updates/ changes/ story. if you are on the fence -and you loved Risen, liked Risen 2, you will love Risen 3 do not wait buy it now."
76561198066910830,Recommended,249230,11773257,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,DragonSamurai360,"A lot of you may wonder if you should buy Risen 3 Titan Lords. I will say yes you will want to know why well Grandpa DragonSamurai360 will show you the way to glorious knowledge on such an Awesome game.Pros:1. - Amazing Graphics maxed out with 35-40 fps, 1600 X 900 Resolution, on a GT 755M, yes that means a laptop dedicated graphics card.2. - So far story is Awesome I may have played not very much but I am extremly familar with the Risen serious as I played it far before I started playing PC games on XBOX 360.3. - It is not an easy game to play it requires some skill but with practice nay gamer can become a pro at this AWESOME title!4. - From what I have seen so far it looks like this game has a massive combo of features used from Risen 2 Dark Waters & Risen 1.5. - My suggestion don't listen to reviews buy the game, try it, and if you love it continue playing, if you don't like it uninstall and don't play until you wish to do so again.Cons: - = None So Far."
,Recommended,249230,11682550,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,coolhanlukke,"So far, i like this game brings back  Gothic 3"
,Not Recommended,249230,29537386,Posted: 28 January,all,rIDzELz,"Just started this game, not even 5 minutes in already filled with bugs, messy movement and poor voice acting. Nothing here that wants me to keep playing.. feels like a rushed product."
,Recommended,249230,11701176,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,pongulf,BUY IT!! if you get boored very often you should buy this! quest in almost every person you speak with. jokes and good humor. Havent played much but ii was really impressed with some hours played.
76561198064289324,Recommended,249230,11681063,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,iIl0()01i,The best of the Risen series.  Should be called Risen 2.5 it feels like a DLC expantion pack. The voice acting is  the best of the series but only marginally better. Bottom line if you enjoyed Risen 1 or 2 you will like this.  Thank's to PB for a decent game!  Still a lot of fun so far.
,Recommended,249230,11719184,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Kozzy-New Curb Your Enthusiasm!,"PB games are NOT for everyone, the stories won't blow you away, the graphics are usually not up to par with current tech, the camera usually sucks and animations are some of the worst you will come across. Yet there is alot I enjoy with the games PB has made (Gothic 1-3 and Risen 1-3). Risen 3 is here and in my opinion it is the best of the series, Magic is back, melee combat is improved (you still have to go to trainers and learn new moves, improvements,etc.. Some of the series long lasting issues rear there head such as what I mentioned above with the terrible animations and a story that could be alot better). Risen 3 won't win Game Of The Year awards and probably not many RPG of the year awards either with games like Divinity Original Sin, Wasteland, Dragon Age and Pillars of Eternity out or coming out this year, it does have a good amount of issues but for me the good outweighs the bad and overall is my favorite PB game since the wonderful Gothic 2.The overall combat is a nice improvement from Risen 1/2, you have the option to put points into skills with glory points you have gotten (from doing missions and killing enemies) and also training with trainers in towns for new moves like Parry, Pickpocket,etc.. These improvements help big time for things like combat,etc... Hit a trainer up for Parry, Speed and what ever type of sword you use (Slash, Sword or another) and you will be kicking♥♥♥♥♥in no time. This game does not hold you're hand, it is a very nice challenge, although not quite as hard as Risen 2. Combat is not perfect though, there are still some issues but bringing Magic back and improving the Melee abit has gone a long way. Far from a flawless game but a nice step in the right direction for PB, hopefully they can improve even more in this department for the next game.The start of the game is a bit slow and can also be very tough, especially for new players. You're character has not leveled up and doesn't have any moves really other than a normal and a heavy attack. Get past the first little bit and things start to pick up quickly. You have lots of trainers to pick from and also a bunch of factions to pick from so make sure to use them. These games don't hold you're hand and you will feel overwhelmed at the start, just make sure to visit trainers and save often and you should be good.The graphics are improved from Risen 1 and Risen 2, but its still inconsistent. Some of the landscapes, character faces and colors look gorgeous, while other things like buildings up close and animations are laughable. Although for me I dont expect top of the line graphics or animations from PB games, they are much more than just fancy graphics or animations. Sure I would love a Risen game on a Witcher engine or something (speaking of witcher, the devs said they have taken inspiration from the old Gothic games also made by PB, for there upcoming open world game Witcher 3), but this is a smaller dev team and atleast for me animations and graphics are last on my list. Still there are some spots where I was in awe of some of the beauty in the game, come over a mountain at night with you're torch and you will witness a beautiful scene.The leveling up is very good and you have many options with how you want you're character to go. Want to do some thief aspects? Put tons of points into the categories that support pickpocketing and locksmithy when you level up and also go to some trainers and improve that way to. Also depending on what faction you join you will have access to unique things and missions (I joined the mages, which I am liking alot, especially there island, looks like Risen 1/Gothic style.The audio and music overall is pretty good, the soundtrack is very good that really kicks in when you are exploring these wonderful levels. The voice acting for the most part is good, it ranges from poor to fantastic, but most are good I will say. The game also has the usual PB humor which I love (Divinity Original Sin also had some good humor to), and the dialogue in general is well done (few cheesy parts but would it be a PB game without a little bit of comedy?).One of my favorite aspects of PB games is the exploration and scavaging and Risen 3 does these with flying colors. Each island is different from the last and while some of them are frmo Risen 2, they look completely different, this is the game Risen 2 should have been imo. Also the characters are great and interesting once again, where ever I go in the game I always meet characters that I enjoy talking to, some are funny, some are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and some are in the middle. In that sense the writing of the dialogue and characters is good but the writing of the story is not very good impressive.It really comes down to what you think of PB games in general, yes it is an improvement over the first two games but it still has some of its long lasting issues that might throw some people off. But for me I am 30 hours in and having a blast, findng some new areas have me saying ""Just another hour Kozzy"". Risen 3 has been fun as all get out so far, but I don't expect everyone to enjoy this game.The level design is also very well made, each Island I want to explore EVERY INCH. This is something alot of open world rpg devs need to take note of from PB. Sure there is alot of things they can do better, but they have exploring, level design and characters NAILED. What is next for PB? I would love another Gothic game with the improvements made in Risen 3 and hopefully even more improvements down the road. Weither its a new game on a new engine or another Risen or Gothic game I look forward to playing there next game.Sure I wish we could have a new Risen game on a new engine with the best new tech, a better story and for them to keep improving the combat, but in the end I have had a blast and while it won't be my GOTY from a technical standpoint, it has given me some of the most fun ive had in all of 2014. Sort of like indie foreign flicks in the sense that they might not be the best from a technical standpoint as they don't have as much money or people working on the games as some of the big wigs, but they end up doing some aspects better, while some aspects are not as good.In the end Risen 3 is a flawed gem that I recomend to anyone who enjoyed Risen 1, Gothic 1-3 to play, it is a nice mix of the old gothic games and Risen 1/2. Will I say it is better made than say Skyrim? From a design perspective, Hell no. What I will say though is that I have had much more fun on this game in 30 hours than I did playing Skyrim 80 hours. For me the characters are much more enjoyable, the exploration is much mroe rewarding, it is much more challening, I have had more FUN and I like the gameworld design better. If you can put up with a slow start, some terrible animations and a meh story, pick this up with the quickness, it is quite enjoyable.For me this is the best overall PB game since Gothic 2, it is not as open as Gothic 3 and while Risen 1 was a blast, if we are talking best overall package I have to say this is my second favorite PB game. It definatly has its issues and it seems impossible for PB to nail everything perfectly, but I would be lying if I said I havn't been hooked to my computer since I got this game and that a few things have been a nice pleasent surprise. No its not GOTY material or better than the wonderful Divinity Original Sin that we got this year, but I have had a very fun time with Risen 3 so far, a flawed gem indeed. Not quite the masterpeice it could have been, but still my overall experience has been good to great."
76561198030725683,Recommended,249230,11681948,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,ryleck,"Very good game !!! A step forward for the series ! Sure at the very beginning, seems a bit like Risen 2 but rapidly change for a wonderful world !! A lot of magic and skill !! Good humour like always on this series !!Next my dream will be Gothic 4 !!!"
76561198006986338,Recommended,249230,11679688,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Cowkiller,Very  fun gameplays  like  risenu need to dodge  alot or u die alotwell worth the 50$the preorder gear is uber  in stats  just make sure u equip it
76561198009048895,Recommended,249230,11682939,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Maxrob1,"Very good game so far the graphics are amazing the map is HUGE, story seems very nice"
76561198071421958,Not Recommended,249230,17646218,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,eternal jape,"I don't recommend this game to people with integrated graphics cards.Good game, buy it."
76561198060950406,Not Recommended,249230,11741648,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,BRAT,
76561198011515629,Not Recommended,249230,11707950,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Blackcompany,"Avoid this game.Some people will claim I dont have sufficient time in the game to give it a negative review. But it does not take very long to know that the fundamental mechanics of a game are flawed beyond repair.Voice acting is terrible. The first companion foisted on you is crass, annoying and being rid of her is a blessing. The second companion could not be a worse match for his voice actor if the developers had tried. Its really, really bad. And so is his acting.The combat is...bad. I dont know why Block/Parry exists. Its useless against, well...everything. Literally, everything. A Chimp-sized monkey will break your block. On the first or second attack. Dodging is, well...time it right. Which is hard, since your character first has to throw his arms into the air theatrically in order to announce his dodge roll. And weapon strikes...I'm guessing the sword he is swinging weighs between 40 pounds and one metric ton, based on the speed with which he swings it.Some people will claim has the 'usual quirks' of a Risen title. And this is true, if those quirks are poor production values, terrible voice actors, horrid combat, shoddy camera and game play that is nowhere near in alignment with the price they are charging for the game.$50 wasted."
,Not Recommended,249230,32400269,Posted: 13 June,all,yannifive,broken just like part 2. crashes when trying to change keybindings or manually save. it could be a decent game besides that. thumbs down because this is 2017 and things like that shouldnt happen with modern technology
76561198006664927,Not Recommended,249230,11708876,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,lexi,"So this game releases and not only does it not work for 50% of the systems out there without having to screw with your computers settings. That will only make it work for a few minutes before the game crashes. And to add insult to injury, they have known about the issue for 2 days now, and we haven't seen a patch yet. I am extremely disappointed by this, it is like Piranha bytes didnt even bother to do any beta testing at all. I for one will never buy anything from this game company ever again."
,Recommended,249230,11677330,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,CyberPaladin,"Excellent new addition to the well-received IP from Piranha Bytes! I'm just a little ways in and I am already familiar with the core game mechanics and interface, since I am a seasoned Risen and Risen 2 player. It's nice to start a new game and see things, characters, and functionalities that you are familiar with! I can see marked improvement on the environments, models, textures, and effects right away.Though not a AAA title, this one shines and stands out. I am already enthralled and can't wait to see what it has to offer, and I've only just begun!"
76561198027580964,Not Recommended,249230,13653685,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ahdamnit,"Super awful combat system.  I couldn't stand to play any longer after being exposed to this pile of garbage for only a few hours.  If you like infuriating combat buy this game, if you like enjoying playing games avoid this crap."
,Not Recommended,249230,13652097,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Chesthair McTrucksweat,Absolute crap.
,Not Recommended,249230,17632335,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Flo`,The fighting mechanics are such♥♥♥♥♥♥dont waste your money on this terrible game. Graphics are pretty good tho still dosent make up for the♥♥♥♥♥♥fighting. Sorry for the bad spelling xD
76561198102709335,Recommended,249230,11860265,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Lev Gyemidov,It's♥♥♥♥♥♥like Risen 2
,Not Recommended,249230,14640817,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Deisic,I just got this and I'm really not that impressed by it. Feels like an old console game.
,Not Recommended,249230,26271583,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,(｡◕‿‿◕｡) Cryaetix,Just minutes into the game I already lost interest. The fighting sequences are too clunky for my taste.
,Recommended,249230,11709991,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Alucard,WOW...JUST WOW. Best game this year by far. Well put together good storyline tons of stuff to do and best of all its not a game you can beat in 3 hours. THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR MAKING THIS GAME.Time to go back and beat it as another faction. YAYAYAYAY!!!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=300653915
76561197970669269,Recommended,249230,11698969,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,thedruidknights,I wonderful Great real RPG!!!!!!! You must get this!!!!!!!!This game has it all! Great game with many different game styles from fight mage and thief! Great story! Great graphics. Great attention to details. You can now swim and cast real spells! Back to old school RPG gamer roots. The world is living breathing world! It will grab and hold you!!!!
76561197983311980,Recommended,249230,11709207,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,sovietreunion,"Better than risen 1 and 2. If you liked those, this will be awesome for you. If you hated those, you will not change your mind."
76561198025282125,Not Recommended,249230,11719836,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,razariel,"Ok, were do I start. This game sux. The voice acting is terrible, combat is frustrating, graphics are barelly aceptable, sound is average. I really can't recommend this game. You bether save your money. Played for 3 hours and will not play it anymore. If you really want this game, wait for a 80% discount."
76561197978289051,Not Recommended,249230,11682813,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Spectrav,"***Updated*** I was asked to be less vague about the combat issues.Maybe worth $20-$30, graphics and animations are sub par. Not terrible, but nothing special to look at even on max settings.Combat is clunky and boring, I'm one for diffuiculty, but this is just frustrating.The game is unclear to areas you should be going too. Dailogue is so bad an uninteresting, they try to spice it up with curse words.It's not about them holding my hand, I went to the begining island after the intro chapter. I fooled around with getting some new gear at the shop and upgrading some skills. Even with these upgrades I would be 2-3 shot by an enemy.You get a light attack, a medium attack, a cheap shot (your pistol), a parry and a dodge.Light attack- everything is faster than you, the chance of attacking and not getting hit at least a few times is slim. Wouldn't be a problem if I didn't die in a couple of hits.(Yes there are potions, but excessive prices and the amount of damage you take eats up your money fairly quickly)Heavy attack- needs to charge and is slow, 75% of the time the monster just jumps away from you and you miss.Cheap Shot- This is kind of cool, but damage is weak and you only have a finite amount of ammo or throwing knifes.Parry- this is useless most of the time, even an enemies light attack can break your guard and since most enemies double attack you get hit anyway. A parry is supposed to break the momentum of enemies opening them for an attack. This is a crappy block function at best.Dodge- My least favorite mechanic, your recovery time almost always leads to you getting hit by a follow up attack or another enemy.You end up just blocking and dodging waiting for your companion to kill things. I don't need to be the god of war, but I don't appreciate being a punching bag either.The real draw back to the dialogue is the horrible animations, making it almost unbearable to sit through even a 30 second engagement.I'm sure the game gets better, but almost 2 hours in and I can't even stand to look at it anymore. Reminds me of two worlds, if you remember what that was like I would steer clear of this title.In short I would not recomend buying this until it goes on sale and only if you are an older style rpg fan, or you really enjoy the series."
,Recommended,249230,22018243,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Umbra,"10 out of 10, would save the world again."
76561197973060456,Not Recommended,249230,11708582,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,drakehbk2,this game blows i wish i didnt buy it
76561198084453266,Recommended,249230,11769596,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,40k,"10/10 Yip, Yip! Poor graphics, ugly combat, but it's a Gothic!!!"
,Recommended,249230,25084336,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Lestibournes,"I played this game for all of 10 minutes, I could not bring myself to enjoy the game due to the games User Interface, It's godawful, and makes me queasy.The game seems to be good, but I cannot play it as it stands, maybe later i'll sit down with a bucket and try to get through the sick feeling."
,Recommended,249230,33341348,Posted: 7 July,all,Верик,"Do what you want 'cause a pirate is free, you are a pirate!"
,Not Recommended,249230,17433390,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Ssisal Stonescale,"This was the biggest waste of money ive ever spent.Ive only spent an hour in here.  But ive died alot,  Combat sucks, its the worst system ive ever used.L click attackhold l click for power attackww is your dodge.I wish that I could get a refund."
76561197970825574,Not Recommended,249230,11741536,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Teddinous,"Rubish - Complete waste of money at 50 USD!  Combat is pathetic.  Boring gameplay, boring story.  Not recommended!In my oppinion, game worth no more than maybe 20USD max.Very disappointed!"
76561198075039896,Not Recommended,249230,34564501,Posted: 28 August,all,Messenger of Truth,"Waste of time and $$$.  For the second time this game goes through a cutscene and then the player stand there in an all white page.  First time it was the pirate ship fight and I had to do that 4 times before the game progressed. Now its with the 3rd sea monster.  After I kill it, the same problem.Don't get this stupid game.  Stick to the REAL games from REAL developers, not there low-budget pieces of crap that Steam is pushing."
,Not Recommended,249230,11735051,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,rexyhm󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡,Release day was kept changing and I lost the pre-order bonus.
76561198114379547,Not Recommended,249230,24091384,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Bavarian Barbarian,"I Played Gothic 1+2, Risen 1+2 and thought: Hey lets play Risen 3 now as the games before were good.I honestly can not say if Risen 3 is a good game or not in the long run, as i did not play it very far.Why didn't i, you may ask?It comes down to 3 things:1) The games graphics make my eyes hurt and give me a headache. The colors are much too bright and saturated and none of the graphic options change that! And changing my whole monitor settings for just a game is very wrong (My monitor is calibrated nearly perfect, as i work as an illustrator). At the same time the dark flair was gone and i thought i would run around in a child tales fairykingdom...2) I was annoyed by the beginning very much. The pseudo-tutorialstyle, The companion constantly saying: wrong way, you should not go there and so on. This series was always about exploring (a bit like Zelda) and the ""you-are-a-noob-are-you-sure-what-you-are-doing-thing"" is really destroying that part3) Combat felt like slow-mo compared to the former games.Where 2+3 could have been ok, 1 was a nogo. I normally do not care much about graphics, as long as the game itself is good. But if graphics hurt you physically it is really bad."
76561198043161293,Recommended,249230,22945536,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Z0011,Recomended.
76561198057600045,Not Recommended,249230,27952551,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,thevibe27,"I would not recommend this game, the combat style is strange and not efficient."
,Not Recommended,249230,17643901,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Qwar,"Sightly better than Risen 2 in graphics, ambience, dialogues... But just as terrible (if not more) regarding the combat system."
,Not Recommended,249230,33867157,Posted: 28 July,all,Ruhat,this is just low for a 2014 deep silver title
,Not Recommended,249230,28090375,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Stark,i kinda dissapointed between the graphics on the pict and the reality and game play is too old for me
76561198283846038,Not Recommended,249230,22192803,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Fucking Clara,Game is garbage do not buy. Horrible voice acting really buggy combat just all around♥♥♥♥♥♥game total waste of time and energy
,Not Recommended,249230,17620908,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Death2Gnomes,"Still has too man bugs and exploits, obviously whoever made the game doesnt know how to fix them. As i told my reviewer  friends There are no-name developers that I just wont buy games from until they are as close to free as they can get, and the Under $10 rack is close enough. I got what I paid for, a good game ruined by the developers lack of skills to fix the bugs, and a good game that doesnt have any support. The way it looks to me on forums is that its Abandonware from developers looking to con their next buck from willing gamers."
76561198142212430,Not Recommended,249230,17632813,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Old Irish Kettle,"Oficially, this game has the worst combat I have ever seen. Also the narattive voices of a children's book. Pretty much awful overall."
,Not Recommended,249230,17625026,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,jura179,"spent 2 hours trying to fix everything from fps, to turning off windowed mode and the voices.i'd be more♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥if i paid full price."
76561197978917916,Not Recommended,249230,26153354,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,FrankExchangeOfViews,"Loved the original Risen, Complete suprise Gem of a game at the time.Risen 2 was, well, so-so.Risen 3 had my hopes up, positive reviews, my own experience with Risen, and i was a bit Game-hungry for something as cool as Risen was.Unfortunately this is a Prime example of how consoles killed games.Controlling this game is crap, near to impossible.It laggs and is unresponsive, and is build towards the crappiest invention since the PC came to be: the ""controller"".----Digressing but important note:----You can not and will never ever play a game with any sense off fullfillment (or with any finesse) using a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ invention like the ""controller"". That piece of totally obsolete plastic was maybe an improvement in the 1980's but not now. And the way some mogul-based bad computer systems (Xbox / PS / etc) try to convince you is bordering, no, totally beyond the line into Indoctrination. (Look up the PCvsConsole discussions of Xbox Halo and Sony's Planetside and read yourself how much ""cheats"" they had to give Controller players to stand a chance against KB/mouse gamers)----------------------------------------I think this is a nice game, with a cool story and cool graphics,but due to the fact that the controls are so unplayable, i'll never know...***updated to correct typo's***"
76561197974759432,Recommended,249230,11713726,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Padashar,Enjoyable enough game if you can get past the cheesy dialogue. Much better than Risen 2 IMHO. I personally do not care for the pirate theme of the game.
,Not Recommended,249230,12226466,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,rezzzman,"Risen 1 was not that good of a game. There were few objectives other than just wondering around and not dying. The landscape didn't really change. The quests were repetitive.  And you played 99% of the game by yourself with no help from NPCs.Risen 2 made huge strides.  Suddenly you had objectives and travelling companions.  The NPCs were unique and interesting. I saw many of the elements that made KOTR, DAO Baldurs Gate and even Mass Effect great:  The concept of having a ship/stronghold and seeking out and finding NPCs to form a crew/party capable of taking on some monumental task.  In the process you visit different lands that showcase very different environments, keeping the game from getting boring.  At the end of the day, I can say that I would replay Risen 2 a second time, and that says a lot for a game.So when I saw Risen 3, I bought it hoping for something at least as good and hopefully better than Risen 2. Sadly I was disappointed.  You are no longer playing as the same nameless protagonist that you played in Risen 1 and 2.  Instead you are playing as the brother of the protagonists love interest.  And instead of being educated and well spoken, like someone who could just as easily be a mage or a pirate, the protagonist is a typical pirate thug. One of the games themes is overcoming your thuggish nature...You still have a ship. You still have to gather NPCs and you still get to visit different lands, but it is not fun playing a jerk. I figured there would be a reason why they forced this on me. A plot twist or something special about being related to Steelbeard that was key to the plot.  But it never happens. At the end of the game, I said to myself, ""There is no reason I could not have been the protagonist from Risen 1 and 2"".Regardless of the plot twists or other RPG elements they incorporate, this is one choice they take away from you is simply unforgivable. And since the love interest from game 2 is your sister, there is zero romance and flirting. An element that made most of the other big hit titles I mentioned so successful.So no, I can't recommend this to people. Even if it was free, you are looking at wasting 40+ hours of your life that you will never get back."
76561198035673362,Recommended,249230,11745300,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Anus McWangus,B Movie version of a Game 7/10
,Not Recommended,249230,32298441,Posted: 9 June,all,Flint,"Aaah yah. 2014. The year when game devs decided to copy their own damn♥♥♥♥♥♥Lemme give you the recipe Piranha Bites used to make ""fast and easy money"" like every dev else did *cough*Treyarc*cough*First you need all of the Risen 2 Assets+ Colorfilter+ Bloom+ little own made stuff+ the worst combat system of all CRPG's+ ♥♥♥♥ing up the WHOLE DAMN LORE of the earlier 2 parts of the series+ let Patty look like a ♥♥♥♥♥+ BONES WITH HAIR. OH♥♥♥♥♥♥PLEASE PUT THIS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ IN THE NEXT RISEN I DOUBLE ♥♥♥♥ING DARE YOU PIRANHA SHITESaaaand *POOF*You got mother♥♥♥♥ing Risen 3If you may excuse me please, I need to resurrect my own love for this series. GabeN Lord have mercy."
,Not Recommended,249230,11760931,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Archeagus,"This game is broken and unplayable. Whether you are a fan of the original Gothic games or just a fan of traditional immersive RPG's there is nothing for you here. If you are one of the lucky few able to get past the starting load screen problem (most players can't even play the game right now, awaiting a patch), what awaits you on the other side is nothing you haven't seen before, just not as well done as games previous. Its like they are charging you to relive your least favorite moments from previous RPGs, but in a mediocre, unstable game engine."
76561198047418444,Not Recommended,249230,16509927,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Kabobthe5,"Do not buy this game, 38 minutes in I realized what it was. Ready for a refund steam."
76561198038552111,Recommended,249230,25441935,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Phruler,Good game
76561198010944297,Not Recommended,249230,16015023,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,SwatKat1-Sukshinder ShindaHMC,"They ruined my game,i feel so stupid for buying this game,it s verry badly optimized,it lages for no reasons.DO NOT BUY!!!!"
,Not Recommended,249230,17605773,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Ricky,"everything about this game sucks dont waste your money, only the graphics were good. bad voice acting, bad combat, bad camera, bad story."
,Recommended,249230,12332671,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Apodiformes,"Why don’t you ever see a pirate cry? When they do, it’s a private tear...great game."
,Not Recommended,249230,17602468,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Foxy,Nope.
,Recommended,249230,11900774,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,rojimboo,"The Death of NostalgiaI think the nostalgia force might be a bit too strong with this one, young padiwan.I myself am exempt from such forces - the first time I played Gothic 1 and 2 notr was Xmas 2011. Make no mistake, I get it. I get why they are such great games. Rewarding combat, memorable soundtrack, brilliant world design etc. but for me Gothic 3 Community Patched with Alternative AI and Balancing trumps the first two, and so does Risen 1.Risen 1's combat is probably the best combat in any similar RPG. The fact that it is possible (though very difficult) to beat the hardest enemies and NPCs with just your starting hero and a wooden stick, is a testament to its greatness. Memorising the enemy's tendencies and combat behaviour is very rewarding, and does not make the game too tedious later on even, as I doubt people will always remember the AI patterns perfectly and perfectly counter them.Dungeons, baby. Dungeons. Brilliantly designed, extremely rewarding dungeons. Of course not too challenging, but you were always under the illusion that you were doing something fairly clever when levitating across lava to morph into a snail to use telekinesis on a lever. The illusion of being a gaming genius and treasure hunter, tomb raider.The voice acting is brilliant too - Lena Headey as Patty was sublime and I wanted to have sex with her animated body. I couldn't have been the only one.Also, memorable music from none other than KaiRo seals the deal.I could go on about Risen 1 and how underrated that game truly is, but alas we need to deal not only with the hits of Piranha Bytes, but also with the misses. In comes Risen 2....What were they thinking? How...on earth could they have destroyed the combat so utterly. So profoundly. In the beginning there was no dodge either so to occassionally back away you resorted to this very awkward bunnyhopping. Eventually you realised how OP firearms were and just said ♥♥♥♥ it, let this game be over and done with. Moments of brilliance were seen with the rare use of Voodoo magic to complete some quests, and the beautiful world design. But the voiceacting was atrocious, in addition to the animations, music was forgettable and there were severe vegetation morphing issues (granted fixed by the community later on).I was very very disappointed.In comes Risen 3. Combat still not as good as Risen 1, or even indeed the older Gothics, but it is passable. Music is almost memorable. World design is PB at its finest yet again, with so many levels intricately, hand-designed, with loot sparingly thrown into nooks and crannies waiting to be discovered. But the point is that it is good *enough*, it scratches that Gothic itch. The combat, though a lot more forgiving, will still punish you if you are lulled into a false sense of security due to your stats and weapons and magic. The graphics are gorgeous, especially when tweaked, looks better than many dx11 games, though art design plays an important part in this.What was my point? Enjoy Risen 3 for what it is - it is not Gothic 5, it is not the nameless hero (we know his name is Steelbeard after all), it is not surrounded by KaiRo's music, it is cross platform therefore dumbed down for console peasants, it is Piranha Bytes giving us the best they can whilst trying to earn a living (PC sales are usually a fraction of console sales), it is fun.Oh, and remove those rosetinted nostalgia glasses once in a while and smell the coffee. It's time to move past decade old games."
,Not Recommended,249230,12959579,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,hvonmarkham,"Exploration is fun and story is cool. Be prepared for some of the most frustrating boss battles though, you know the kind where you enter battle right from a cut scene, the battle requires a game mechanic that is present no where else in the game, and to kill the boss you need to be skilled in ranged. Switching between melee and ranged is time-consuming and ship combat is horrendous."
76561198285490622,Recommended,249230,23204428,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,andreig952,xhxfhfxhf
76561197984625442,Not Recommended,249230,11702004,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,ArkHunter,Game doesn't work. When starting a new game it will just have an infinite load screen. After doing some reading on this problem I found that Multiple Nvidia users have this same problem.
76561197972218694,Not Recommended,249230,11754172,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Mako482,"Terrible game with nothing positive to say at all. Linear, boring, repetitive."
,Not Recommended,249230,29219919,Posted: 13 January,all,(Strai),"★★☆☆☆A hack-n-slash pirate adventure, which functions as an unintentional parody of bad games.  The game opens with my non-customizable character, looking through an invisible spyglass, 10/10 RPG GOTY.+ Monsters+- Party members, but they can't be customized, and you can only take one at a time- Bad voice acting- Stealing isn't marked- Story starts in a dream- Mindless masher combat- Stamina, invisible stamina- No character customization- Meaningless dialogue system- Pickpocketing is a chat option- Bad graphics and performance- Meaningless finisher animations- Magic based on single use scrolls- Loading screens every few seconds- Lots of tasteless offensive langauge- Hard toggle between combat and explore mode- Awful interaction/looting, based on character position- Hitting Esc in a submenu drops you out of the entire menu- The world is made up of a handful of small instanced islands, that you have to ""sail"" to via loading screen- Ridiculous bugs and design flaws.  The opening cutscene, my character was looking through an invisible spyglass.  There's a missable quest in the first hour of the game.  Corpses glitch through terrain and off cliffs.  Party members bugout if they agro while swimming.  Dialogue happens based on character position, so half the time the camera will be behind something, leaving you blind."
,Not Recommended,249230,33098865,Posted: 1 July,all,⛧Krypex ✞,Simply bugged garbage!
76561198034466513,Not Recommended,249230,11747104,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Royce,This game is plagued with not being able to support the LGA2011 Socket. this game will only run on computers with 4 cores or less. it runs best with only 2 active cores.great game but mared from it's major flawAfter years of being on the market they at least fixed some of crashes but not many and now there is a major audio bug that just makes playing the game unbearable
76561198052898025,Not Recommended,249230,11697490,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Michael Christy,"PLEASE BE AWARE, a major issue exists with the computer cores of high end systems, the manufactuer got back to me the next day and said until they can fix it to change the configuration of the core system of my computer (in other words, dummy it down) then it will work, they would not say to what level to set it at, but that the core system was causing the issue.I would wait a few weeks before dropping $50 on a game that many of us cannot play on until they make a patch so the rest of us can play the game without reconfiguring our computers every time we want to play just this one.  Notified STEAM and the Manufacturer with my DXDIAG.I have:Operating System: Windows 7 Ultimate 64-bit (6.1, Build 7601) Service Pack 1 (7601.win7sp1_gdr.140303-2144)System Manufacturer: AlienwareSystem Model: Aurora-R4BIOS: BIOS Date: 11/26/13 14:42:56 Ver: 04.06.05Processor: Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-4930K CPU @ 3.40GHz (12 CPUs), ~3.4GHzMemory: 32768MB RAMAvailable OS Memory: 32686MB RAMPage File: 5534MB used, 59835MB availableWindows Dir: C:\WindowsDirectX Version: DirectX 11Card name: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 780 (2 of them SLI)GAME Manufacturer: NVIDIADisplay Memory: 4095 MBDedicated Memory: 2966 MBShared Memory: 1129 MBCurrent Mode: 1280 x 800 (32 bit) (60Hz)Monitor Name: Dell U3011 (Digital)AND STILL WON'T RUN IT.... LOL"
76561198069211032,Not Recommended,249230,11709827,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Mr.Sugoi,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! It runs very poorly even on high end computers. The voice acting is terrible. The graphics even with everything on ultra look like a ps2 game.
,Not Recommended,249230,32017046,Posted: 28 May,all,Skrombert,Ain't that good.
,Not Recommended,249230,23962685,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Xyed,Who ever likes it good to them.I will always love Gothic. This fails.
76561198238498162,Not Recommended,249230,17635083,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Bobthekitt,Can't even start because of frame rate issues
,Not Recommended,249230,11683592,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Bluefatty,"EDIT: To address the whole, ""You haven't played this game enough to judge it"" thing, the reason I haven't played this game that much is because i saw the core mechanics of the game, and they were very flawed, so much so that it made it clear to me that i would not have an enjoyable experience playing this game.   ALSO, there are no pros because this game did not impress me in any way; therefore, i did not find it important for me to say something like, ""Yeah, this part wasn't totally bad"", or ""I guess they did this part okay-ish"".I found this game to be a waste of $50.  I mean, the game looks and feels like a game i played back in 2003, and it's not even as good as that one.  Now, let me elaborate a bit on what i found to be bad about different parts of the game.First and foremost, the combat system. Absolutely awful combat; it feels like you're playing an RTS game(They attack, you block, you attack, they block or don't).  Not to mention the fact that it's nearly impossible to kill more than one enemy if you don't have a follower.  To sum this one up, the combat is, like i said earlier, an annoying RTS game.Next let's talk about the voice acting.  It's horrendous.  I mean, the way people talk makes it impossible for you to be immersed.  To sum this one up, you'd be better off using JUST the subtitles.And last, let's talk about the graphics.  Well, there isn't much to say about the graphics, seeing as they are pretty non-existent(that's an exaggeration, of course). But really, they are pretty awful-even on max to near max settings.To sum this one up, the graphics are similar to that of a game made back in around 2010(Just an estimate)Now, to sum everything up, i would avoid this game unless you are a hardcore Risen fan that doesn't mind poor game development, or you just don't mind poor game development and think this game is fun."
76561198064819095,Not Recommended,249230,28433282,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,raykj02,Even less fun and more infuriating than the lousy prequels.
76561198069087364,Not Recommended,249230,17623765,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,FoolScrewdriver,Thank god for steam refund.
,Not Recommended,249230,11746365,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Nato,"Buggy as hell, initially had trouble even getting the game to start without crashing.  Once I made it to the main screen it then hung on the first loading screen after clicking new game.Absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ expect this level of buggyness from something still in beta, not a full release.Biggest waste of $50 in my life."
76561197983351112,Recommended,249230,12503162,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,jan_havel,"Great game, I love this serie since Gothic. Piranha bytes rulez :-)"
,Recommended,249230,22794424,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,「Frozenology」,เกม RPG ยอดเยี่ยมแห่งปี 2014
76561198014396249,Not Recommended,249230,11701338,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Theo,"Oh come on its same s..t again (Risen 2) ,don't waste money like I did.Simply graphics are cool ,game mechanics are same as gothic but come on again fail jack sparrow wanna be main char and dat bad rpg environment..We needed real titan world with some epic medieval bad♥♥♥♥♥look armors etc ,not this cacoon look main char to go forward!!If you want just rpg,its a rpg gamebut if you want more than rpg game ,stay away..."
76561198039724525,Not Recommended,249230,11697733,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,karios525,"Stuck on endless loading screen due to the game not handling more than 4 cores properly, getting the thumbs down until fixed, shame on you deep silver for forcing the developers to release too early, just like jowood did with gothic 3"
,Not Recommended,249230,22860937,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Still Tyrion,"I liked Risen 1 and cannot remember whether I played Risen 2. I stopped playing this one after 1.2h. Main problem is not the bland graphics or the unresponsive combat system but the (English) voice acting. It is so bad, that you have to skip all cut scenes which is a real problem with an rpg."
76561198006730878,Not Recommended,249230,11748367,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,bhmhas,"It is just an expansion pack for Risen 2: Dark WatersIt is not a new gameIt should cost only 15 $ , No more"
76561198039608254,Not Recommended,249230,11697329,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Kyotom,"I tend to agree with a lot of the negative feedback abou thtis games fighting style. It is incredibly difficult and unnecesarily complicated.But whats further, I have the game running on full specs and even the cut scenes are terrible.Ships floating out of the really bad looking water uring gameplay, understandable. But during the opening scene? Epic fail.I've given it 5 minutes so far which is hardly enough time to process an overall review. However if you're used to games with fluidity like Diablo or Elder Scrolls. Stay Away.Repeat, Stay Away"
76561198012002392,Recommended,249230,23994032,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Y Ddraig Ddu,"Risen 3 is probably the best game you've ever hated. While it's far from perfect, I dare say it's still one of the most enjoyable open-world action RPG I've played in quite a while. If open-world action RPGs is your bag, you absolutely owe it to yourself to give Risen 3 a go. Just don't let the opening hours discourage you too much; the writing, characters, voice acting and even visuals improve tremendously once you visit some of the more interesting islands (I'd personally recommend starting with Taranis or Calador for your first main island after the tutorial)."
76561197975902586,Not Recommended,249230,11748878,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Fuileadan,"Worst combat system I have ever encountered in an RPG. You spam dodge roll and attack, because blocking is practically worthless. Rigid animations for combat, uncontrollable attacks, a power swing mechanic that's a waste of time. Your best tactic is to spam dodge while your companions kill all the npcs.Save your money for Dragon Age."
76561198128409800,Not Recommended,249230,26571401,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,andre.rodrigue121,"The figthing is reprtive, the ai sucks, and the controls are terrible."
76561198018598906,Not Recommended,249230,23496702,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Slice,Good graphics.  OK open world.  The long spoken dialog sequences with characters and the combat style mean it's not for me.
76561198094931087,Not Recommended,249230,26488779,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,rosserik,Glitchy and underwhelming with long load screens inbetween disconnected plot scenes. i only played about five minutes but that was enough.
76561198049989086,Not Recommended,249230,17560765,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Beaker B,i want my money back. everytime i try to run the game the screen is just completely white with outlines. even after running it compatability mode and as an admin with the resolution adjusted and altering the contrast there is no change. do not waste you money on this game.
76561197981004377,Not Recommended,249230,11683661,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,PrinceoftheUniverse,"This game has♥♥♥♥♥♥poor design, about the worst paced and predictable fighting engine ever made. Gave it a chance, went pretty far, lost interest. Horrible game, we should be moving forwards not backwards in game quality. 2000000 thumbs down, don't waste your money, its too late for me... save yourself."
76561198048582206,Recommended,249230,11748562,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,spenyv,"Do not buy this game, this is litteraly the first comment i've written ever after 10 years of gaming. I feel dirty having spent money on this game and warn others that it is a terrible game 0/10."
76561198031013976,Not Recommended,249230,12663011,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,alan.littleford,"Poor lagy combat and random camera movement during combat really lets this game down. Even simple cratures kill because of the dreadful lag, even on low graphics settings on a high spec pc. This needs fixing before this game can be considered a recommend"
,Not Recommended,249230,30286654,Posted: 2 March,all,Johnny B Evil,"I've never played a game with such awkward and terrible controls.  I would have gotten a refund but they gave me some pathetic excuse.. I was over 2 hours of play?  Yeah, I guess I it took me too long to realize this was a waste of my time."
76561198016545373,Not Recommended,249230,29115875,Posted: 8 January,all,Vincent,"So I just bought this useless product made by probably bounch of monkeys. I dont even know where to start because as you can see Ive spend just 23 minuts in this abomination. So 21:9 is not supported but this is just the beginning. Full screen mode is not working as well and you always see your mouse cursor! If you are still willing to play this 'thing' consider that: there is no separate 'use' button! You only have action which is either attack or loot, or open the chest whatsoever so if you are in the fighting mode you cant actually loot! Guys I dont know how about you but I am uninstalling this abomination and for steam: this time I will not want refund so you are lucky guys."
76561198270949486,Not Recommended,249230,22797041,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,GraveSoul,This game has painfully slow combat but the enemies do not and the voice acting in this game is so bad it just makes you want to skip cutscenes and i'm talking about 90s voice acting the graphics are not anywhere near as good as they are showen in the photos even on the highest of settings but it still looks ok a lot the stuff does look blended togather but thats just because the game has very little color to it kinda like how gears of war did this game takes a very bad approach at using magic and when ever something moves on one the characters it looks like it's not supposed to because it stretches  instead of moving and there is definitely no facial expressions no matter what they only have one look the game just feels slow over all i could'nt tell you anything about the story because i skiped all the my cutscenes because of how bad the voices are if the combat was faster and better i could have push more into the game but at this point i just can't the game is definitely not worth full price i'd say buy it on sale
76561197977782517,Not Recommended,249230,11682613,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,1eyedwillie,This game is a piece of junk! The graphics are old looking.The dialogue is juvenile and poorly thought out. The combat is ridiculous. I've played this game for 1 hour and I hate it. What a waste of money.
,Recommended,249230,23961354,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Rat,-------------------------------------'''''''''''''''''''
,Not Recommended,249230,33348784,Posted: 7 July,all,Art,"If you have seen how a penguin waddles when it runs, then you will know how the main character runs. This will give a good enough idea how the rest of the game is like."
76561198043414756,Not Recommended,249230,11696050,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Ono T'lan,no
76561198056634949,Recommended,249230,12426503,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,saxual,"like ♥♥♥♥ing amazing previews? love absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥gameplay? good i have just the game for you, risen 3 titan lords will have you remorseful about your purchase literaly moments after downloading it... enjoy."
76561198071997274,Not Recommended,249230,23185176,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,walter5151,Save your money. This game is not worth it.Combat/gameplay sucks.
76561197982898634,Not Recommended,249230,11681280,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,sl@yer,"What a truly disappointing game. Having never played any of the Risen games before I thought this would be similar to The Witcher, or I hoped it would be anyway.The graphics are weak, gameplay is increasingly dull, fight sequences are just plain horrible.I played 5 minutes and just had to stop and take a break because it was so bad.Deffinitely not worth the money I paid, if there was a refund choice I would be asking for one right now.Teaches me not to pre-order a game I haven't played the franchise of before and not wait for the reviews on it."
76561198006789981,Not Recommended,249230,11684117,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Gavinhawk,Totally unplayable atm for some users. Myself being one I can't recommend until I am able to play.
76561197991067874,Not Recommended,249230,11682281,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,bspring0045,Horrible combat system and even worse voice acting looks like a game from years ago and not in a good way.
76561197994357245,Not Recommended,249230,26006724,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,gavinfulmer,Gameplay is so dumb and frustrating.
,Not Recommended,249230,26561501,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,og gangster,"I don't even know what this game is, I looked at the screenshots and it looked cool. I installed it and I was confused as ♥♥♥♥, there we're like demon's and a ghost fighting me on a pirate ship, WAIT PIRATES? where did pirates come from? oh wait it's just a dream. Where did this island come from GHOST PIRATE whaaaaaaaat?Uninstall10/10 I don't understand what this is or if it has a story?"
,Not Recommended,249230,22610057,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Valaryon,"""Gaiz, was thkikst du about das, let's mach a game on tze previous GameEnginen, ja? Less worken thzat way, ja, sehr gut ideea! Und thann we add some plot, ja, und es ist gonna be okay, Gothic power!""Would be the worst game in the combined history of Gothic and Risen if not for Arcania (which was made by a different studio, I know)."
76561198117550892,Not Recommended,249230,23015058,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,LoFFMan,Save your money.. This is a rubbish not a game !!!!!!!!!! You get annouyed with the combat later on. you can even ♥♥♥♥ing miss shooting a man with a musket infront of his face. WTF
76561198023870114,Not Recommended,249230,12294389,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Voodoo92,bad combat. it fells like crap when i play the game.
76561198115464565,Not Recommended,249230,29412560,Posted: 21 January,all,Timeless Shade,Utterly dull and cringeworthy.
,Not Recommended,249230,12406250,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,SUPERSEYMOUR,"Despite the game's description of an Elder Scrolls style adventure, you actually play as ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pirate captain Shia LaBeouf. Best known for his busty sister, they both excel at pointing out the obvious with less than decent voice acting. While the main enemy appears to be the evil ghost captain, Paully D, it's actually the gameplay. This game plays like you smashed together Skyrim, Fable, and Dark Souls, and includes none of the good aspects of the combat. No ability to lock onto an enemy and a wonky♥♥♥♥♥""parry"" system made the combat frustrating, and I resorted to wasting all of my musket rounds trying to shoot a ♥♥♥♥ing gorilla.Overall, this game gets 2/10, because his sister has big♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,249230,12382207,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,ƒrïdaÿ,this game is bad and buggy dont get waiste of money on my part
,Not Recommended,249230,22866957,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,hunter472,combat system is verry bad stop playing after around 30 mins
76561198067315880,Not Recommended,249230,22806712,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Petit_Sergent,Boring
76561198315052050,Recommended,249230,24549845,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Don_Akren,────────────────────────▄▀▄─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─▀█▀█▄─────────────────────────█──█──█─────────────────────────█▄▄█──▀█────────────────────────▄█──▄█▄─▀█────────────────────────█─▄█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────▄█▄──▄█▄────────────█──▀▀█─█─█──▄█████████────────────▀█───█─█▄▀─▄███████████────────────██──▀▀─█▄█████████████────────────█─────███████████───▀▀█▄─────────▀█────█████████───▀▀▀──█──────────█────███████───────██─▀█─────────█────█████──▄──────────▀█────────█────█ Look son███──█──────▀▀█───▀█───────█────█ a good Game███─▀─██──────█────▀█──────█────████─────────────────▀█─────█────████──────────────────█─────█────████─────────────▄▀───█─────█────█████─────────▄▄██────█▄────█────█████────────██████────█────█────██████────█──███████▀──█───▄█▄▄▄▄███▀▀██────▀─██▄──▄█───█───█─────███▄──────────██████───█───█─────█─██▄────────────▄▄────█───█─────█─███████─────────────▄█───█─────█──██████─────────────█───█▀─────█──▄███████▄─────────▄█──█▀──────█─▄█─────▄▀▀▀█───────█───█───────█▄█────────█──█────▄███▀▀▀▀──────██──▄▀▀────────█──▄▀──█──────────██────█─────────█─────█──────────██────────▀█────█─────█─────────███───────────────█──▄█▀─────────██──────────██───█▀▀▀───────────██───────────────█──────────────██▄─────────────██──────────────█─█▄────────────█───────────────█──██▄────────▄███▀▀▀▀▀▄────────█─█▀─▀█▄────────▀█──────▀▄──────█─█────▀▀▀▀▄─────█────────▀─────█─█─────────▀▄──▀───────────
76561198117350427,Not Recommended,249230,22959440,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,tddnenc,"this game is a rip off. played froever then had to fight a sea monster and game crashes. steam told me oh well.dont buy it and truthfully with all the money this company makes and i have spent with them, i find it very selfish not to refund a game that doesnt work."
76561198085591134,Not Recommended,249230,12375796,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Warlock Monk,My logitech xbox 360 game pad for PC is not working with this game. I hate playing RPG games with key pad and mouse. I have checked it with other RPG games I have and my gamepad works perfectly.  A waist of $50
,Not Recommended,249230,22803147,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,alfa_Q_all,If you hate money then buy this failed abortion of a game.
76561198103069853,Not Recommended,249230,12916941,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,FaceEatingHobo,This game is just simply aweful. The storyline is very weak and the game play ... just .. bad.
76561198054334140,Not Recommended,249230,23601030,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,victorzayas,"When I first got this game from steam It was great. Everything worked, all cheats worked fine.Then the game got ruined. I CAN'T SAVE THE GAME, MYCHEATS WON'T WORKE ANYMORE.Steam did something to the game and now is all screwed up. I know they meant well but pleaseif it works don't TOUCH IT."
76561197993304803,Not Recommended,249230,33353095,Posted: 7 July,all,mrc55,what a joke of a game very poor fighting get killed a lot cant activate cheats to try and play game cant edit ini file thanks to steam wast of money
76561197978011737,Recommended,249230,16940937,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Vondarkmoore,"This game is a interesting play, its hard as hell early game untill a tipping point half way through where after spending most of your money and points on one subject only you finally feel like you can handle yourself. the graphics are acceptable the story is interesting with some twists and turns, but there is issues ohh so many funny little issues.Good:Graphics: nice fps with not many drops on my old machineStory: Many twists and turns you never really know whats going to happenSide Quests: there is lots of side quests, i mean a lot most feel somewhat fedex but there are a few that are interestingChoices: the game offers you a lot of choices and there is some fun out comes depending on what you choose, but dont be fooled that these things will change the game too much, they wontBAD THINGSControls: mouse and keyboard can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ if the camera angle is in the wrong place you can endup attacking in the totally wrong direction and messing up a killCamera: as stated above is messed up at times where it can affect your combatCombat: evil as hell early on, as in its totally unfair against you the individual, you find yourself bouncing around more than hitting anything early onLength: the game is not that long, but what it offers is a interesting story just a shame its not that long and feels like it cuts out too shortOverall i would say yes to this game, but only when you can get it on the cheap, its not worth paying the full price, it has a few great momments and later on you do feel bad♥♥♥♥♥in the game, strange thing is you have to learn everything from countering in fights to actually learning stealth and pickpocketing. dont expect this game to give you a easy start but if you can get past that you will have fun"
,Recommended,249230,18918503,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Bobson Dugnutt,"Flawed, but entertaining. Gorgeous visuals and great world design. Mediocre dialogue, voice acting, story and combat. Recommended for Risen and RPG fans."
,Recommended,249230,18745170,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,filipcihak,"Risen series surely aren't as amazing as Gothic, but Piranha Bytes just know how to make good RPGs. Good old characters from the previous games, Patty as hot as always, although this time you play as her brother, so meh, incest is not my thing. I was kinda hoping for a closer, clearer connection with the Gothic universe, but sadly, nothing like that happens. Gotta criticize some things tho. The combat finish animations are really annoying after a while. Dunno what they thought, implementing those. And also the lackluster ending (I mean, the boss battle was amazing, maybe the best I've seen from PB, but the ending itself, meh). Otherwise, certainly worth the buy :)"
76561198032193145,Recommended,249230,18796861,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,trangor,"Worthwhile, similar to Gothic"
,Recommended,249230,18597183,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,dofitzgerald,"I would only buy this game on a Steam sale. It's fun for a few days. I was able to finish the game in 20 hours- and I was doing a moderate amount of side quests. The voice acting is pretty bad, fights are repetitive, and the animations are hilariously sub-par. However, the main story is pretty cool and it's worth a try at $8."
76561198013622319,Recommended,249230,18957492,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,ishKiia,I hope you don't stop making these types of games.. This is so unique and I like the non-hand holding aspect of it.  You are going to get haters for it but you will have a large following of old school non-hand holding gaming boomers that seem to be forgotten in today's games.
,Recommended,249230,18052692,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,armourawesome,"Risen 3 Titan Lords is a true sequeal to the risen game series. I would remmoned this game to anyone whos a fan of  games with hard combat. Thing with this game is your  start with no skills, training or resouces but as you accumulate rescourse you trade them for items and traning the game get easier as you gain better skills and items."
,Recommended,249230,18637268,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Poopity,"A game with a lot of anticlimatic moments but still a good game of adventure; really diferent from the past entries, looks like risen 2 but doesnt feel like it, even the shared locations; its a really good game if you liked the previous games but if you didnt play those I dont recomend starting with this one. A game to play just once."
,Recommended,249230,18659222,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,DMINATOR,"Overall the game is ok, fairly long playing time with good RPG elements.Positive:+  Graphically it is pretty good, with latest patch they've improved texture resolutions. FPS does drop when everything is maxed out.+ Story is fine. At least I didn't forget what I was supposed to do, when playing this game only 1-2 times a week+ Minigames. Although simple, some of them are pretty fun to play.+ Exploration. The game always encourages you to look for something special that is hidden near by. It is a very rewarding experience+ Map design, overall pretty good and with a nice variety.Negative:- Combat. The most frustrating combat experience ever. I couldn't find any other game where combat experience was that bad. Controls have a lot of delay, some keys don't register so you have to mash the buttons multiple times to make sure it will. The overall dodge mechanic is just annoying and doesn't make the combat fun in any way. In fact, while you are dodging you are complete invulnerable to damage ? Batman Arkham series have shown what a good fun and fluit combat should be like, take notice Piranha Bytes !- AI. I don't even know if there is an AI in this game. Pretty much all the enemies just charge straight towards you, and go into attack/dodge cycle. Funny thing almost every single monster in the game behaves pretty much the same way, shouldn't there be a better variation of enemy AI, maybe ? Companions pretty much the same thing, while they do follow you, sometimes they just get stuck and become missing, or they go and run away from you, just to hit a monster. And why enemy AI always targets me first ? The fact that I have companions doesn't seem to matter to them.- Glitchy and buggy, for some reason the game kept crashing on me, I occasionally get stuck in the walls, enemies don't care and just go through them. Many other minor issues as well.- Difficulty spikes. In the beginning when you are going with melee, you are going to be destroyed a lot. In the end when you go with magic you are going to destroy everything so easily that game becomes extremely easy. Shouldn't there be a different difficulty curve, like easy in the beginning and harder in the end instead ?"
76561198045139375,Recommended,249230,18726349,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Zen83,I was big fan of second episode so I bought third with good discount. Im pretty happy that I bought with discount because game is amazing but very stupid bosses.
76561198035005384,Recommended,249230,18602343,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,TechPriest44,"Combat is something like dark souls only much more forgiving. You have to dodge, attack with melee, pistol or magic in order to defeat your enemies. Leveling up is easy to understand, Glory = Exp. Money goes either into buying equipment or ""training"" in order to become stronger and deadlier in the game. You ""train"" by buying perks from trainers. Simple.There is a lot of freedom to where you want to go, what you want to do, and who you want to talk to. Almost everyone's got a quest for you. Save often, the one who gave you a quest can die, as well as trainers, so you need to protect them.I think it's a great RPG, nice graphics, good voice acting and script (at least so far),  with lots of cool stuff you can do and I bough it at a discount so it didn't kill my wallet."
76561198026567506,Recommended,249230,17617764,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,coolatis,"Best 8 bucks i've spent in a long time! This is my first time playing any Risen game, and I gotta say i'm having a ton of fun."
,Recommended,249230,17618778,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Waffles #Pancakes With abs.,"What can i say... Thumbs up for this game and if you are a fan of Risen then you must play this one aswell... even some say that is crappy or other remarks about it :)Sure it still has some annoying things and it doesn't pass 5-10 minutes without yelling like a madman in front of the screen like : -Come on ... that AIN'T FAIR !!! , - MOVE IT YOU LITTLE SH*T , GET LOST YOU F*CKING PIECE OF SH*T , or the most common for me is LEAVE ME THE F*CK ALONE ( .. i play on hard .. so most of my game consist in running around like a retard :x ) Or when some mobs start attacking you and you can't DO SH*T ........ because the hero attacks like he has been smoking for a week and it's like chill chill ..............................And yes it has some problems with the graphics... but trust me IT'S WORTH IT.BUY IT NOW ON SALES , you won't regret it :)"
,Recommended,249230,19345988,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,BestPlebEu,"Bought on 75% sale, really worth it so far."
76561198068327848,Recommended,249230,19773603,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Wolf,Good enough to buy.
,Not Recommended,249230,20106002,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,SuperKC,"If you don't have a third mouse button don't buy this.. or you will spend 20 minutes remapping your keys using third party programs in Windows before being allowed the gracius ability to access the inventory to quick item a sword to access.  I was REALLY excited about the game and payed a good price for it.. then boom.. 10 minutes in your rediscover motion sickness and struggle to pull a lever for 10 minutes because you can't have your sword drawn and act as a functional human being.  I feel like a pirate on disability because you run into heat of battle against a rabit and struggle like a dog.  To strike down this epic creature you have to raise your sword high above your head, stand on one foot, close on one and bring it crashing down on the nearest rock because by the time you get a swing out the creature will either (a) already eaten you alive or (b) moved over one inch which made the 3-5 seconds of sword wielding above your head useless.  Blocking is even worse or nonexistance depending how you look at it.  So while your buying running around like a 4 year old yielding a paper roll tube trying to beat up monkeys and playing the 'put your sword away to pickup a coin.. o wait there is another monkey.. get it out, and put it away, but lets look at this so put it away.. o that might be a monkey pull it out crap you will quickly get frustrated with this par-looking game to start with and wonder why you waste your time with developers like this one who can't master the art of smooth game play."
76561198077752652,Recommended,249230,20302627,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Nim,This is my auri culci
,Recommended,249230,19488969,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Stack_Master,"Being the third installment of the series its always nice to see returning faces. Yes the combat is repetitive, yes the dialogue could be so much more intuitive but I still had to play it until I completed it all.I did 1,2,3 off the bat so maybe it was just doing the same thing over 3 games got repetitve but hey I couldn't just stop the game/series is addictive and I found the environments ppleasant and full of many surprises.There is so much more they could of done with the game if you compare to similar games but all in all I would recommend the trilogy so far and think that deepSilver could really axpand on this and maybe they will bring a new IP soon.I'd give the overall trilogy about 7/10 as there is plenty of room for improvement but i enjoyed the game enough to see through all 3."
76561198049739166,Recommended,249230,19630318,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Nocere,"Solid sequel+ all great stuff from 1&2 is here,+ much more possibilities of fighting: standard mele, guns for everyone, magic, summons and combining them all :],+ 3 uniqe factions,+ new features; especially, sea battles, could be more but its cool enough xD,+ graphic, music like in every Risen :>,+ every crew member have something diffrent to say in important map location and during npc interactions; so i just travell every island with each one of crew  <lol> xDD- difficulty; game to easy, Risen 2 was easy but 3 is even easier ;p- ending... actaully... there is no ending, ther is finall fight...0 challange...and after that 5 sec movie of you crew, you sailing away  -_-'  in Risen 2 you could talk with your crew after last fight ;/Overall good game, but they could spend more time to imrove some new stuff and ending"
76561198031579361,Recommended,249230,19644945,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,mkucharski,"Well, this game might not be for everyone. But if you liked Risen 2, and want more this is definately going to give you that. From your main characters voice change, to battles unbalanced and watered down to where you will almost never have to reload if you have essentially any companion in your party. It gets a lot of negative press, but really its not  a bad game, most people score it bad because it had the possibility of being a great game. Great graphics, environments familar but still fun to explore and a game that kept me into it for over 50hrs, expansions plus acheivements. I find it hard to not recommend to anyone looking for a gothic style adventure, and has the time and money to spend on it. But if your time is limited look to games like Witcher. I dont regret the 150+ hrs i spent on the risen trilogy, even with the dozens of other viable options."
,Recommended,249230,20029054,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Ebow,"Much better than Risen 2, same level as Risen 1 maybe. If you like the roll buy it!"
,Recommended,249230,19816209,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Kenonan,Theres a prologue to the prologue.
76561198032289558,Recommended,249230,19986517,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Draakon,Another great yarn from the Risen franchise. The mix of gun powder and swords makes this adventure a lot of fun. The story moves along quickly so you can get to a resolution in reasonable time. Have some fun and purchase the Risen franchise.
76561198047243582,Recommended,249230,20282633,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,lostfolk,My god... I wish there was a Jaffar character in every game I've played or will play. That little♥♥♥♥♥♥is bad♥♥♥♥♥
76561197994852373,Recommended,249230,20520700,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Canadian Gnome,"This game is a wonderfully retro rpg that I truly appreciate still having baldur's gate 1 & 2 and other simarly retro games.  I purchased this game recently and I am really enjoying it.  I am not the type to disregard the possible fun and exciting game play simply because the graphics aren't up to snuff by todays or even the standards of 5 years ago.  To be honest I think the games today are focused way too much on graphical appearance and feel and not enough on story and plot development, or character development.  A good backstory can`t be overlooked simply because a game requires a quad-core i7 processor.The UI is well done in my opinion and has just about everything one could hope for, and the companions or crew don`t require any micro managing.  I think the idea of massing a crew for a big ship is a splendid plot device though i`m slightly disappointed in only having one companion at a time.I thoroughly recommend this game to anyone looking for a change from current rpg game types, and most definitely for old time gamers such as myself who appreciate games like this and still play the oldies but goodies."
76561197966249972,Recommended,249230,20703980,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Hex,"PLUS:Music.  Spot on. Genre leading in most instances.Graphics:  I played the Enhanced Edition.  Graphics were well done with the various environments.Quest / fetch:  If you like that sort of game, it’s done really well here.World is detailed and intricate and rewards the player for exploringMINUS:Horribad dialog.  Not voice acting, dialog.  Unfortunately, this can impede your immersion in the game.  Seems like such an easy area they could have addressed.Quest / fetch:  If you don’t like that sort of game, then Risen isn’t for you.Graphics.  Shouldn’t be possible to run up a tree then fall off and die.  Minor glitches.AVERAGE:Voice Acting.  I didn’t find the actual voices an issue, but as mentioned the script was painful at times.Acquiring items/loot:  First third of the game I didn’t like it, but as I played I appreciated the fact I had to actually “look” for items, instead of the usual acquiring by merely walking over them.  However, the drawback is I found myself constantly clicking for fear of missing something.  I liked that they didn’t dumb down exploring and finding items, but at the same time Important items can be easily overlooked.  As such, expect to find things occasionally in areas you’ve already combed over.Combat.  I hated it a first… until I figured it out, then it was okay.  Yes, I had moments of aggravation and/or camera issues, but it was the exception not the norm.  There are those that hate Risen combat but I’m not among them.CONCLUSION:If you’re the type of gamer who appreciates well-designed areas to explore--and likes getting rewarded for exploring with additional quests and loot, then Risen 3 is most likely right for you.  The Risen series seems to be a love it or hate if affair.  For me, I think Risen does just enough keep me playing each new installment, and number 3 is no exception.   It wouldn’t be RPG GOTY but it would garner a nomination and maybe even make runner up.  Piranha Bytes knows how to build beautiful worlds and design quests, now if only they were just as good when it came to creating stories and English dialog translation.This review is from playing the PC version Enhanced Edition with the 3 DLC.  I recommend this game @ 75% off and get all the DLC.  It’s cheap now, and makes the game more complete.Non-spoiler tips:Pay close attention to the map, the topography sometimes shows clues while exploring, Don’t forget to look up occasionally.Get monkey trainer and listen for other monkeys!You may wish to choose a difficulty above normal otherwise you’ll have tons of spells and items to assist you that you’ll never need to use.  If you’ve ever played a Risen or Gothic game in the past, then strongly consider playing on Hard.  I would consider normal to be too easy for seasoned players.I read a few steam guides “what players needs to know” before playing and I’m glad I did.  I didn’t see them as spoilers but rather information that helped me get the most immersion from the game.  YMMV."
,Recommended,249230,19062149,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Gravelfoot,
76561197997719847,Recommended,249230,19051192,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,ehanig,"Really enjoyued playing this game.  It has a good plot, and really good game play."
76561198018892935,Recommended,249230,19171815,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,AceRimmer,"I would rate this game a solid ""Good"".  The storyline is interesting.  But the NPC interactions do get extremely long and boring.  The fight mechanics (left mouse - attack, right mouse - parry) is okay but isn't and hasn't been perfected.  The fights end up being a cross betwen easy (at times) to extremely annoying.  The game allows you to play in it as (almost) open world.  But by doing so you end up completing most every quest on an island by the time you actually head to town.  The user interface is adequate and all the controls do take a bit to get used to especially if you have played more modern games as of late and then decided to play an older one like this.Is this worth the purchase?  I would say, ""Yes"".  It isn't a game that I feel I would replay.  But it is enjoyable enough for me to immediately consider purchasing Risen 4 if and when it comes out.  All in all, this isn't a game you will love but it is a game you will like."
76561198087953574,Recommended,249230,18885083,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Sean Hur,"After watching someone's review who is famous, had a bad impression on this game though.ButIt is a real great game and get addicted.유명한 게임 리뷰어 영상을 보고 별로라고 생각했는데 막상 해보니 정말 재미납니다.The bug at sea battle.... 바다 배틀에 문제점이 있다는...http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=548863480It was solved after some quests..and changed the direction to another Island.퀘스트 좀 하고 다른 섬으로 항로 변경했더니 문제 해결되었습니다This ends now~~!!!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=552570689"
76561198030750682,Not Recommended,249230,18644385,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Aro_cz,Do not purchase this game in case you have high DPI monitor. It will cause you much trouble - you will not be able to access skills menu. Because developers haven't fixed that for years it will not be fixed ever.
76561198035793258,Recommended,249230,14809818,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Notsure,"if you liked and/or loved gothic 1 and 2, you will love this game. - that is if you can get used to the different combat system that is similar to gothic 3. once you get some training in like riposte, the combat is much more fluid. the game has a very 'gothic' feeling to it, there are dragon snappers, scavengers,golems and you cant help feel that this is the Southern Isles area mentioned in gothic 2. the area is even refered to as the 'southern isles' in-game. 9/10"
76561197972358760,Recommended,249230,14702235,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,IvK,"Great game, I can see why it has mixed reviews.  Some will focus on the bugs, and glitches.  At its core is an excellent RPG with some incredible choices with plenty or moral decisions thrown in.  I higly recommend playing this game, it is one of the few that has great replayability.  If you love RPG's do not miss this game..."
76561198070466293,Recommended,249230,14841746,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,BloodFFox,"Recomended mostly for the rock-solid fans of Gothic / Risen series.Piranha bytes classics. People blame it for not developing with this gen RPG´s. No way, this is no Skyrim when you are born a hero, this is no Assasin´s creed where you are born with skills to fight 10 enemies at once and crush them. You can reach such status in this game, but it takes time.Simply said you have to EARN your glory step by step, making it a hard work, but a rewarding one, offering a challenge on every difficulty, making the victories against every monsters count early on in the game.I personaly didn´t like the sea battles, they were... odd. Exploring the world is fun, if you´re an eager quest hunter you find yourself in this game, just as in every series made by PB. According to my time played i´m roughly beyond 20% of the world exploration, not mentioning hundreds of pending quests and main storyline not even properly started."
76561197996185138,Recommended,249230,14661317,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,TNT,How do I disable the Friendly Fire.... I feel pity for the follower who slept wrong bed . Everytime my sword hit him as enemy and he cried out loud...
,Recommended,249230,14731306,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Zgragselus,"One of the best RPGs in recent years. Honestly I'm not sure to which game should I compare it, each Piranha Bytes game is its own experience, and I love them for that.I loved all games in Gothic series and I love all games in Risen series. From the Risen series, I would say that Risen 3 is probably the best one of them, even comparable to the golden Gothic 2.The story of this game is solid, it is not the best, not the worst. I've been quite used to bad stereotype-like stories in RPGs (especially open world ones), like TES series, Two Worlds series, or Dragon Age series (in case of more linear ones). Each of these games suffer from black-and-white storyline (from the named ones I consider the plot one of the better ones).The gameplay is typical for Piranha Bytes games. The combat system is something different, and very good (unless you just left-click all day long, which is a bad way to play this game and it can ruin your experience). It is better than in TES games, way better compared to Dragon Age series, but a lot worse compared to Dark Messiah of Might and Magic.In this game you can actually dodge hits (which is very common in medeival fencing schools), but well, don't expect realistic fight simulator. But it is action enough, you won't get bored. Plus, guns are very good addition into the game.Dialogue lines are well done, audio for them is also quite good. As for the quests, there is a whole lot of them, but I'd like more impact on game in general, and longer side quest lines. Music is one of the best, it perfectly suits the game.Visuals are also very good, very nice fire particles, water splashes and particle effects in general. The authors did quite a job on light and shadows, each single island is in a bit different stylized art set and it works perfectly. The graphics quality can compete with any other AAA game.Of course there are few things that look bad. One of them is, that after performing major actions to close gates to underworld, the islands look unchanged. For me, if green grass would return to that areas it would be perfect. I would see that I did some major impact on game world and it would made me even more happy.Second thing is, I don't really see further lore connection with Risen series, yes it is in the same world, there are some of the characters that were in previous games, but the lore connection is weak. I'm comparing mainly to Gothic 1 - Gothic 2 games here, where the lore connection between those game was really strong and good.Anyways, this game is worth it. I know it seems average, it isn't. Don't believe metacritic, as some fans of older Piranha Bytes games are downvoting, without even playing it, sadly..."
,Recommended,249230,14732162,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Chosen Moose,"I think this game is brilliant :) It's got a Fable/Skyrim/Assassins Creed feel to it and personally I'm loving the combat system. I read a lot of reviews saying it was a Con and not a Pro and that scared me a bit but since it was half off I bought it anyway, and I couldn't be happier with it. The combat system is just a timing based system which requires that you read your opponent when battling them. I think that's cool and realistic really. You can riposte others attacks (turn their attack around on them) even to large monsters like golems n stuff which I think is cool, they're coming in with some massive smash attack and ur just like, NOPE *slap*. Great game. Sure I'm only 30 hours in but I think it's lovely. I'm currently a fire wizard dressed up all cool like, runnin around like prince Zuco, burning like 3-4 enemies at once, raining fire down upon my enemies! >:D and when fire doesn't work, LIGHTNING!! Anyway, if you're up for a fun single player RPG, this is a good pick.My only Con: I wish games like these could be Co-op. (Divinity: OS and Dying light for example, also great games that are Co-op.)"
76561197994806254,Recommended,249230,14780006,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,haider.ismail,"Quite a fun game.his game is built on the foundation laid out by Risen 2, and it is a much better game than Risen 2.The story is nice, just like most of the drivel shoved out iin other RPG. But damn, does this game has nice environment and the exploration is really fun.Combat is a bit janky in the beginning, but it becomes much better once you trained in new combat skills.  Ship combat is a bit weird at first, but it is OK once you get the hang of it.I bought the game at full price,  and it is worth it."
76561197994959218,Recommended,249230,14804306,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,chaosavy,"From a fan of Gothic games and Risen 1 (I didn't play Risen 2) Risen 3 is a great game.  I was a bit worried due to the negative reviews of Risen 2 and 3, but decided to give it a go. Very glad to have done this, I have many fond memories of ""Gothic"" games - and some more thanks to Risen 3. Makes me wont to play Risen 1 again.Though I'd rather not be negative - I wish that the games returned to the ""one big world"" versus islands (a symptom of consoles I believe), and it would be more ""medieval"" style versus pirate (though I do like the inclusion of firearms) - but those are overall minor issues."
,Recommended,249230,14024794,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Maciej Medyk,"Risen 3 got a lot of bad reviews and I totally disagree with them. I understand that the combat system may be difficult to some but it wasnt that bad. Dark Souls combat is much harder but people love it. Nevertheless, Risen 3 does a lot of good things and developers did learn a lot from Risen 2 mistakes. Lets go over what are strengths and weaknesses of the game.Pros- Great open world that you can explore at your will. There are 5 islands and you can truly start exploring any one of them.- Great visuals. There is variety of environments from jungles, hils, farms, mines, and lava rivers.- Magic is back. There is crystal mage magic, warrior rune magic, and natives voodoo magic.- There are sea battles with monsters and ships.- There are boss battles that require certain tactics.- Glory advancement system.- Better, more varied faces.Cons- Large difficulty curve. Some may be turned off how weak player is in the begining.- DLC should have been included as they were available on release.Overall it is a very good game. If you play Gothics or Risen games you probably already have it.It is entertaining game that once I started playing I didnt put down until I finished it.Overal Score 8/10 - Good Game."
76561198032277196,Recommended,249230,14205127,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,iron2010,Ok lets start by saying this is more suited to fans of the series and know the pros/cons of them. Its a decent game nothing new or ground breaking other than the open world aspect you will get some enjoyment out of it but i would suggest you wait for a sale has the staring price is a bit to much for whats on offer. The DLC feels like it should have been in from the start though then that may have merrited the asking price if you are new to the series then try Risen 1 out 1st will give you a better idea what to expect in 2&3.
,Recommended,249230,13678295,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,dErPy,"Like a main hero once said ""what a f**king story"""
76561198021239495,Recommended,249230,13382014,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Kory_333,"Nice game to play if you are into Gothic/Risen, but not too much of an improvement in comparisson with Risen 2."
76561198021575197,Recommended,249230,15008919,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Critux,This is a damn nice game
76561198035191152,Recommended,249230,14909231,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,xkallibar,"A quality game ruined by ""annoying !, constant interupts"". The combat system is sluggish which makes the interupts even more frustrating.  The graphics and dialogue were a plus for me. Overall i'ld say ""Yes or No"" depends on your spare funds."
76561198046326118,Recommended,249230,15028043,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Galvaroth,"This game is meh, its not horrible, it just needs  better voice actors, and a little less fetch quests. But definately a great time consumer if you dont mind that kind of game play, Oh and I wasnt to crazy about the battle system but thats just me."
76561198087813342,Recommended,249230,18007539,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,CaPrA!,"Just what the kind of game game I was expecting of piranha bytes, cheese voice acting, rough edges and LOTs of fun :)Give it a try."
76561198047336137,Recommended,249230,18038011,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Raygleih,"I really love Gothic games, so do I with Risen games - Risen 3 is better than Risen 2, even, when R2 is really great. I  finished R3 free times already, and i can't get bored :)"
76561197986862386,Recommended,249230,17967607,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Clinically InShane,"An incredibly flawed RPG that works the more you play it. The start is horrible but once you have some skills it's easier to get into. Recommended for RPG fans/lovers, not recommended for the casual RPG gamer."
76561197983784591,Recommended,249230,17959211,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,DirtyStiv,I dont knew what to say its goo d game its bether then risen 2 and get spirit from risen 1 litle impruved with graph and game play just need litle more polish and game will be imba as always :)
76561198135965737,Recommended,249230,17977570,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,farlynlol,"So...What can i say about this game?It's different, it's not a normal rpg, or better a what we were accostumed in a modern RPG.The combat is challenging at first, probably too much for some people, but the quests are good, and you really feel good when you start to get better itens and when you increase your skills. It's like you start as a homeless man and ends as a bilionaire. Yeah, at the end of the game you barelly lose health and deal a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of damage, it's nice to feel like that.Still , what more you have in this game? Nice quests, sometimes very interesting ones, very nice maps, and you are very rewarded when you explore, and theres loads of place to explore in this game. Also is nice to play a pirate rpg.What is not so nice or downright bad? Well, i like a nice story, and this aspect of the game is quite bad, the plot is bad... the protagonist is quite uninteresting, also the combat, it's good and bad at the same time, the enemies can stun lock you eating away your health crazily fast.So... if you still reading this, you probably is a bit confused, it's a love or hate game, i hated some parts, still i think it's worth playing, it's nice to not be a viking , or a medieval warrior sometimes, and you'll be rewarded by getting good at the combat of this game. I had the same experience with Risen 2, and it feels weird, but also nice, and don't give up, it's much more hardcore than most games nowadays. I don't want to be an elitist, but having to earn something after working hard for it feel pretty damn good, and sometimes those old school games are right.tl/dr: just buy it in a sale and try, you'll learn a different kind of gaming."
76561198049384357,Not Recommended,249230,18580945,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Pulcherada,"Great game... until you hit a blocking bug in the first naval battle; you win it and are apparently condemned to pass al eternity in a grey world where you can't do anything, floating in the mist. Total blocking bug, impossible to further progress through the game. Very, very bad."
,Recommended,249230,14122458,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Set-115689,I liked the game but the combat dragged on a bit towards the end and was a bit boring. The game had some epic moments and the world felt alive. I enjoyed the game. It takes about 8-10 hours to get a feel for the game.
76561198039055518,Recommended,249230,14114043,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Alex,If you liked Risen 2 you will like this. The Sea Monster fights are annoying though.
76561198089013388,Recommended,249230,13789060,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Cttun,"Great RPG, I won't go throught what's good or bad because IMO it spoils the game for those who haven't play it yet. I am a very picky person when it comes to games and I like this one so far.This game has flaws but it is enjoyable if you like RPG"
76561198053791074,Recommended,249230,16907374,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,marydmoomey,"Wow! Just beat the evil titan lord. I will have to say that this is the best Risen version out. I thoroughly enjoyed it. The graphics were superb, however, ever so often would freeze and I would have to reload. All in all I had a very good time playing. Wish there were more puzzles but it is a very well done game. I tried to take companions that would be most useful when in different areas. I concentrated on melee and magic. A well done game and I would recommend it. Good job!"
76561198117672643,Recommended,249230,15904677,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Nymeria,"As I haven't played Risen and Risen 2 before purchasing the game I did not really know what to expect, but as an RPG fan I quite enjoyed the game.Starting with the visuals, I must say they are absolutely stunning. If you like taking beautiful screenshots, Risen 3 is definitely for you!About the story line: good but not great. There are plenty of side quests to choose from though.I really enjoyed having companions throughout the quests, they were useful and some of them had an awesome sense of humour. You simply cannot get enough of Bones' remarks.There are some pretty cool skills as well, like the Monkey. You can actually train a monkey to steal for you.Mini games are a good source of extra coins, you can choose knife-throwing, arm-wrestling and drinking.Sea battles are also very enjoyable.I have played over 50 hrs without buying the DLCs, but I definitely could have played another 50."
76561198027222304,Recommended,249230,16689191,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,russell_holness,Great Game I like almost everything about it there is room for improvement (but what game is perfect) I like the fact that it can be updated as the deveopers can inmprove the game Keep it up guys I think this is a great game
,Not Recommended,249230,13746254,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Dillon_Zolkavich,Very unfortunate.Figured with all the videos talking about PB going back to their roots this game would be a great addition to my library.I was very wrong.
76561198059739513,Not Recommended,249230,13738679,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Joe Knighton,"To be honest, I don't know why I bought this game. The two previous installments in the Risen series were terrible and Risen 3 certainly doesn't disappoint if you want more of what you've had in the previous games.ProsVery buggy so you won't have to play it for very long before force-closingConsTerrible voice actingPoor graphicsSloppy and uninteresting combatFrustratingly long loading timesFull of bugsThis game is about as fun as being repeatedly slapped around the face by the genitals of an unwashed tramp"
76561197970245093,Not Recommended,249230,20913612,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Neò,"Don't recommend it.  This game might be acceptable if it came out back in the early 90's.  i7 4770, gtx 970 ssc acx 2.0, 16gb ram, ssd gives me about 40fps on ultra settings @ 1440p.Combat is clunky, voice acting is bad but tolerable.  some f bombs dropped occasionaly if you have young ones.Might be worth picking up for $5.00 or so if you're bored."
76561198117909355,Recommended,249230,21305987,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,peter.d.wray,"Better graphics than the first.  Similiar to the first, but different enough to still be fun."
76561197960295369,Recommended,249230,17713024,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Thomcat,As always it Piranha delivers many hours of fun.
76561198104706532,Recommended,249230,17749093,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Demone,"The combat in this game feels a little ... incomplete. Early game, after I had gotten over the mistake of spam-clicking attacks, I found enemys who guarded (like skeletons or goblins) impossible to manage, I had little time to distance myself for a power attack, and I ran out of ammunition quickly, after obtaining the riposte skill they became more tolarable.The true source of my discomfort with the combat would be battles with multiple creatures (3+) Whenever I entered larger battles I would constantly get angry as my companion would just stay back circling around an enemy occasionly taking a swing, I would get inturupted during swings, the auto-lock was infuriating switching to another foe whenever I repositioned myself and my dodge roll would not move me away from the battle, always getting stuck on foes or small ledges, making it worthless in any closed-in or rocky area.Thankfully the exploring of the landscape at the interacting of NPC's leaves a nice cooldown between combat."
76561198064931568,Recommended,249230,17605939,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Maple Corn,"thank you ravens cr..... I meant risen 3, I don't have to dream anymore ! I'm finally A real pirate !"
76561197992218879,Recommended,249230,17607829,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Definition,Wonderful game!Also nice ambience s.q graphics
76561198032295444,Recommended,249230,13329761,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Hansel,"After a slow, confusing and boring start the game slowly starts to speed up to the point it turns into a good Piranha Bytes game. Not perfect, not like Gothic or Risen 1 but still a decent game.The main issue to my humble opinion : too many characters, side stories, and useless branches of the plot that at the end I feel not attached to almost anything in the game, being it a character , goal, or a quest. While it does sound a bit negative, the game is a solid RPG, still faithful to the legacy of PB.Recommended for Gothic fans!"
,Recommended,249230,17902285,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,J.Jensen,Piranha Bytes have finally implemented proper physics into their game and by doing so making the game a lot more responsive and enjoyable. They also balanced the game to make it more accessible to everyone since previous ones were more of an hardcore role-playing experience.The story is really lackluster and feels pointless. The hero that you play is very annoying and got a god awful voice. However the gameplay is really fun and the atmosphere and exploration makes up for the story.
,Recommended,249230,28742527,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Cr0c0dile486,"Great console game. there are some bugs and weird things to it. I like the monkey island style hopping islands freely and adventures and quests. Like this is the best monkey island I have ever played. WTF are those little troll things with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ voices?! were they in the other risen games? I don't remember them from the first one. Seriously WTF is that?! It's like if they threw Jar Jar in Monkey island. Were these old lucasarts devs? Also gameplay wise. Quest order is totally getting mixed up all over the place. I think I went to an expansion island first. there should be a better guide that knows more about where you should be going, cuz me just from guessing I am doing things in no order and it seems like i will never finish this game. Which is cool until you get to an island full of those little trolls and WTF the trolls and the goblins ughhhh... I just wanted to be a pirate and marry the guvna! Alright, it's the gothic universe. There are dinosaurs and other weird♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's a little too weird. Too unsubtle. It's alright. Though i have found traveling to and from islands will trip out the game and also characters get lost on your quest progress and you can walk on water sometimes and walk 10 feet above the water on occassion. Anyhow. It's gonna be a long one. Don't expect me to beat it any time soon, but I do plan on playing it quite a bit more."
76561198060578277,Recommended,249230,31117180,Posted: 13 April,all,eocsor,"O.K. this is a really cool game, lots of quest, 3 or 4 sea battles, treasures, great ghraphics and smooth gameplay. 1 really bad  element (and there seems to be one with all 3 Risen games)  is the final battle is way too long, I literally clicked away for half an hour and ended up with a sore wrist, maybe others could do it quicker though. Over all a BIG FAT 9."
76561198107054669,Recommended,249230,14768084,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Velvatine Rabbit,Risen three is based off the risen series and there is a lot more to this one than previous ones. This one there is factions that you will join and eventually lead versus the previous games where you learned all the back story and how the situation came to be. Highly recomend and I think that you guys will love the game just as I have.
76561197972256316,Recommended,249230,26202022,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Mr. Dr. Rocket Surgeon,"In Risen 3 - Great White Hunter, you once again don pirate garb and set sail to slaughter animals on several picturesque islands in the Gothic universe. Battle turtles, crabs, monkeys, several large cats, gorillas and even alligators on your epic quest to extinguish all non-human life in your immediate surroundings. There's also some sort of side-quest about some guy trying to destroy the world, but they just threw that in to meet federally mandated gaming regulations."
,Not Recommended,249230,26760543,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wombat,Hirveetä kuraa (Terrible s-h-i-t)Pros:-The world is ok-The story seems ok-The visuals are okCons:-The combat system is horrible (most of the enemies have only one attack pattern which usually goes like this; they attac 3 times while stunlocking you and then take a brake so you can attack)-The voice acting is horrible
,Recommended,249230,31427905,Posted: 28 April,all,Inasyah 🐾,The Definition of Average. Not bad but also nothing outstanding.
76561197993421641,Recommended,249230,31753622,Posted: 14 May,all,FIGIOT,+ Looks well+ Unlimited inventory+ Upgrades+ Big world to explore9/10 For some reason I really like Risen games.
76561197972336905,Not Recommended,249230,34698541,Posted: 2 September,all,darrensinbox,"Too bad because this game does have some decent RPG progression, acceptable graphics, and though corny, voice acted.Two things ended up being give-up show-stoppers for me...First, for a combat heavy game, combat just isn't much fun.  The game seems to want you to block a few times and let your companion tank, which is fine, but in total it just feels slow, boring, repetative, and random.  At least mobs don't respawn.Second, there is a significant game bug that causes the game to place your character in limbo after the semi-lengthy sea battles.  Others have suggested some possible work-arounds, but as far as I can tell it's just random.  If it happens, re-load, replay the same battle, hope the game doesn't hang in this way.May try again later, but gave up on this title for now."
76561198048096457,Recommended,249230,11698124,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Andrewlol,pretty good if ya like pirates is a must rpg wise ;p
