user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198051245201,Not Recommended,249360,14329138,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Squish,"My main reason for not recommending this game is that when the development had officially stopped i felt like i was scammed out of my money by the devs abusing the EA system.I ended up being frustrated, because I got dragged into an addictive game, that in its finished state looks like an alpha test.Character managementThe most important thing you have to keep your eyes out for in tis game are character relations.If your group members hate each other there will be no way you can succeed because they will fight among themselves like they are on angel dust.To stop that from happening you create rumors about certain group members (???) and the entire group reacts to it in certain ways.For example :One in your group is homosexual and that other black dude really hates him because of it.To make their relations better you need to spread a rumor about the former that he was acused of crime against a homosexual. Does that sound logical to you?Inventory systemManagement of the inventory is implemented so horibly here, when I belive it should have been the center of devs attention.You cant chose which survivor should equip a specific item. Get used to seeing a janitor with a broken arm charge in with a butter knife while an armored full health bartender unloads all his ammo on two zombies and barely wounding them.DifficultyThis game is unbeatable,or at least you wont care enough to give it that much tries to prove me wrong.Trust me,with all the RNG in this game it'll take you around 20 attempts to even start making progress. Zombie numbers increase constantly,you cant abandon breaching buildings (and end up storming infested ones without any reliable option to scout it or reduce zombie numbers).Its a TEXT-BASED GAME.How hard can it be to just finish it? Instead you get a bunch of fanboys telling you garbage like ""In before times there were no patches for games after they were out!!!!"" or ""You can mod using mods from THIS or THAT dead website!""Overall a very punishing expirience. 3/10"
76561197983946931,Not Recommended,249360,7817765,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Arkrite,"A diary style game where you fight zombies, bar up houses, and try to survive while accomplishing missions?Sounds great!Being able to bring my own friends into it? Even better!So what's the problem? It's random, and some of it just doesn't make any sense at all. You can take a group of people out into a horde of zombies fight twenty times in a row and never get scratched. And on the tewnty first time your entire team can die.You can clear out a building, barracade it completly, fill it with traps and then move to another building to go exploring. Your boobytrapped fortress will be full of zombies.I liked the diary aspect, I liked a lot of the concepts, but the game isn't very clear on what items do, or what anything means. I could never tell if I had a good chance or no chance at all of accomplishing a goal. I don't know what items were better to bring along or leave behind.Even cheating I got my butt handed to me even though my entire team had been at full life up until that point.The game has potential, and I know some people like it, but it's too random for my tastes."
,Not Recommended,249360,11070201,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,fraser.buchanan,"If five racists die after spending 3 hours fighting with each other, does anyone give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ This is the question posed by ZafeHouse Diaries as you are placed in charge of guiding a group of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s to safety in the midst of a zombie apocalypse.Zafehouse: Diaries certainly had potential and is enjoyable at times but the game is bogged down by questionable design choices and clunky in-game mechanics. Add onto this the fact is that there are now better games available that offer a much more fun experience like Rebuild.The game IS a lot more enjoyable if you import your own characters into the game, since this is the only way you'll be able to inject any sort of likeability into your survivors. I mean, who wouldn't want to see if Hulk Hogan, Pope Francis and Wolverine can survive the apocalypse? However, doing this disables acheivements, so you'll be s.o.l. if you want to form an emotional attachment to the default group. The default group and their biases are randomized, and you'll be stuck with a random racists, homophobes, bigots and sexists. As you can probably imagine, this doesn't exactly endear them to the player right off the bat. Add in the virtually non-existant character development that occurs throughout the game, injury debuffs that never seem to go away and a penchant for NEVER coming through in the clutch and you will still not care about them when your survivors all die after playing for an hour.At the start, you have to try and effectively manage everyone by both playing to their strengths and avoiding conflict with each other. However, one well planned rumour can make your life a lot easier and it's entirely possible to get everyone to like each other by the end of the second day. However, conflicts will still happen on rare occasions and your survivors will get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about inane♥♥♥♥♥♥like having to wait to take a shower or not having anyone play chess with them.Dora from JayIsgames put it best when she said, ""You have nothing to go on other than the simple formula of incompatible traits, and it feels less like tempers reaching a boiling point and more like a bunch of variables behind a computer screen flipping you the bird."" Sadly, this ""bunch of variables flipping you the bird"" is not limited to the relationships aspect of the game."
,Recommended,249360,7784926,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Martin Papp,"No, this is not that kind of zombie games, where you push W and smash left mouse button to kick the sh..t out of zombies. This is something better. Thriller with great T as it should, you can´t expect what´s gonna happen and this keep level of tension very high. You manage group of people, giving them orders and goal of this game is simple: survive as long as you can, everytime you start the game, you get different people with different experiences in different places. Manage them to survive and watch out for their relations. Everything they do is written in diary, so you can think, what to do in next turn 9/10"
76561197973528410,Recommended,249360,7749079,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Kalas,"This game provides an interesting ""choose your own adventure"" setting to the zombie world. The game plays out in three different modes (""Sandbox"", Goal with no time limit, strict time limit) and puts you in charge of a group of survivors. You'll need to give these survivors orders and plan carefully to win. All the action is communicated through diary entries which makes the game most of a create your own story.I especially like how the game pushes the relationships as a key element as most zombie games miss this. However, sometimes they seem to hate eachother just because but it's an interesting element.This game isn't going to appeal to everyone but anyone that doesn't mind using their imagination and loves the Zombie genre will definitely like this game. It's very challenging but be warned there's a lot of randomness to it and you may lose just because the game decides it.Genre Lovers: Must BuyNon-Genre Lovers: Skip itTime to Beat: Each game takes about 1-2 hours but there's tons of replay value as every game plays out differently.Oh and you can import your own survivors which makes it more fun."
,Recommended,249360,15517118,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,usernamewanted,"At first, it is easy to feel overwhelmed by this game. Agressor dilemmas are perhaps a little more regular than you'd like, and its easy for your group to fall apart as a result of arguments and disputes. However, when you actually get into this game and develop a strategy, the majority of these things are either avoidable or fixable with a little effort.Whilst there are plenty of FPS zombie games around (dear lord, someone make it stop), survival and reclaiming games such as this or Rebuild 3 are rarer. This game is very clever in forcing you to depend on not just your supplies but also the status of the members in your group to stay alive, providing a much more realistic post-apocalypse survival experience.Of course, your group is varied every time in terms of background, age, gender, sexual preference, fitness and abailities, and with a randomly genereated map each game, no playing experience is like the one before.  This variability gives the game an epic amount of replayability and - should you complete the three main campaigns - the game has an easy to use in-game  custom content creator. Want to survive the apocalypse with your friends or the characters from your favourite TV show? Go ahead! Add pictures, careers, skills and personal abilities to your custom characters, playable in an endless sandbox game or on the campaigns.Many reviews on here will complain that the group argues too much which causes everything to fall apart - cook a large meal and everyone will get along. Don't have enough food for a large meal? Break into a store. Dont have the weaponry to break into a store? Modify your weapons to create spiked bats and double barreled hand guns so that you CAN breach the store. Create a stronghold at the police station, steal medical supplies from the hospital. THIS. IS. A . STRATEGY. GAME. You can't just expect everything to go dandy,This game is a challenge, and I love that. It has a stand out format with a fresh new style and thoughtful gameplay. I couldn't recommend it more."
76561198072264471,Not Recommended,249360,12825434,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,PlagueTheHero,"I really want to like the game, but two (in-game) hours and people are already fighting. There is an end game apparently, but sh*t goes downhill at the start and just keeps gaining momentum. Even if you do things right and pick the right people for certain missions, the game just rolls the dice that says ""you're dead"" on every side of the dice. I spent money on a dying simulator that I don't even get to see. It's very easy to just say, ""this person died."" when you order them to go out. Spent a lot of time trying to beat this game, trying the best I can to keep the people alive as we get closer and closer to getting out alive, then all of a sudden. ""This dude died, this chick gets♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about it and hates everyone. So she's unresponsive and won't work well with anyone, then she dies as well. Now it's harder to do anything with only three people. Now everyone is dead. Good luck next time, sucker.""Also, ""They did the best they could. Given they only had a jacket to defend themselves."" B*TCH I BROUGHT WEAPONS, WHAT ARE YOU DOING WEILDING A F*UCKIN JACKET!?"""
76561198007585513,Not Recommended,249360,13898965,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Blackhawk267,"This game could be so good but suffers from the ""Luck"" factor. It's understandable to have chance in a game but when you're striving your hardest to play intelligently and skillfully when the majority of what happens is blind luck. Sure you can play in a fashion that would give you the best survivability BUT it's just a roulete whether one survivor with a golf club may kill multiple zombies and come back without a scratch or whether a complete group of well armed and geared up survivors gets killed in one turn by a group of 10 or even 5 zombies!! Really? There are so many random happenings even when your fortify a shelter and gear up and the stats don't even seem to help much. There's more but not much that other reviewers haven't already said. Could be such a great (not good but great) but just falls flat on it's face with frustration."
76561197976721810,Not Recommended,249360,7333306,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,Fred Lobster,"I could swear I've seen this exact game as a Facebook app title a few years back... Anyway, in Zafehouse: Diaries, you are tasked with guiding a band of sniveling, hateful survivors into scavenging and sneaking their way through a zombie-infested town in search of supplies, ammunition, and scrap with which to barricade out the onslaught of hungry dead. Hide too long without taking up arms and you'll have an undead army on your hands, but make too much noise blasting the dead and you'll just draw the entire town population right on you. Unfortunately, your survivors are pretty small-minded; each comes with a particular sort of person they just really cannot abide, be it a racial group, sexual orientation, or gender. Keep the party together too long and the petty annoyances will eventually erupt into inter-party combat; split the party too thin and you'll fall prey to Zed in short order. Although you get only a general management degree of control over your team (go search this building, hunt zombies around this area, whip up some vittles, etc.), there is a healthy variety of tasks you can set your party to, and careful decision-making will go a long way toward keeping your merry band together.Along with the basic sandbox style of gameplay in which you must gather survivors up and avoid death for as long as possible, there are also two more difficult challenge modes available. In one, you must restore a car to working order and hightail it out of town, and in the other you must simply survive for a week. Both of these modes crank up the difficulty tremendously, and once you've learned how to eke a modicum of survival out of your hateful ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, they're fun (in a horribly aggravating sort of way).Unfortunately, the game falls apart a bit in the area it seems most proud of. The eponymous ""DIARIES"" it shouts about are the prosey bits of horror the game uses to let you know how your team is doing. This is written in the first-person from the perspective of... someone? Some unportrayed member of the team no one else seems able to observe? Who contributes no labor toward the survival of the group? I guess this explains how the writer manages to find the time to scribble it all out and scrap-book in grim polaroids in discrete hourly doses.While there are some nice touches here (injury reports result in splashes of blood covering the page, and as night falls, it becomes more and more difficult to see the page), the text gets repetitive fast, especially considering how easy it is to lose the game repeatedly and fly through half a dozen false starts. Once you manage to survive for a while, you start encountering special unique events that spice things up, but it's a bit of a trek getting past the early difficulty curve.Zafehouse: Diaries is not without its charms, and it can be a solidly addictive time sink for a couple afternoons, but don't expect Z:D to make your list of favorites. When everything's added up, I'd be tempted to cautiously recommend it, but the Z in the title just cannot be overlooked or forgiven."
76561198052743399,Not Recommended,249360,15346368,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,BobDoleReigns,"Really only two words to describe this game; ""Potential"" and ""Abandonware""Its really a shame as this game is fun for an hour or so but after that the cracks begin to show. Give it a few more hours and  it will be towards the top of your Steam regrets list."
76561198067075652,Recommended,249360,19919522,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,rounds1030,"For all the zombie games out there, I haven't found one that works so well for a hectic schedule and part-time play as this one. It's got a great atmosphere, awesome sound effects, and is incredible for saving at a moment's notice without losing anything of your game.Well written and fun. Enjoy it."
76561197981571390,Not Recommended,249360,7869166,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Yuri Bezmenov,"Sounds good on paper, plays out poorly. Pretty boring, and very random... People in my groups were in arguments, throwing stuff at each other within' two turns, without any obvious way to stop it. The real nail in the coffin is the repeated boring text. Prepare to read the same few lines over and over for how ever long you're willing to endure this.If you play the ""normal"" mode you may get a few hours of enjoyment finding clues and getting your survivors out the first time, but I have no idea who would be interested in playing a heavily stacked game of ""roll the dice"" with the zombies again.Cops can't hit the broad side of a barn with scoped weapons, and construction workers couldn't put down a zombie with modified melee weapons (bats, hammers, wrenches, even sledgehammers) if their lives depended on it... Literally. Unless you're sitting in a barricaded house, pulling your pud, you will always be a walking buffet.Hopefully they bother to continue patching it and turn it into something like what the steam page describes... Until then, considering the value of $10 during the Fall Sale and soon to come Christmas sale, this is literally nothing. Not worth anyone's time or money."
,Not Recommended,249360,32572954,Posted: 19 June,all,Kermy,"Interesting concept, personally I think that this is a grand idea that should be elaborated.Here are some issues I have with the game:-The game is pretty difficult even on the easiest mode. So if you'd just like to explore the game a little bit on a very easy mode, you can't do that.-Few choices that you can choose from, especially at start. Game also tells you if you find a flashlight or beacon you can signal for other survivors at game start, yet you can't once you find them.-Odd character trait combinations, I don't really mind this but it's kind of weird.-When your survivor gets attacked and injured you can't do anything or react, it just kills your survivor without warning.Personally I didn't really enjoy this game all too much, it got pretty old and repetative after a little while. Interesting concept though like I said earlier."
,Recommended,249360,20661721,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Manders,"It's like a mix of turn-based strategy and text adventure to create a diary-like experience of the zombie apocalypse. Each playthrough feels unique, and with certain implementations such as character relationships and permadeath, it can be quite a stressful experience. The developer is pretty cool too, even if the updates had taken a while to come along in the past."
76561198035755220,Recommended,249360,17088438,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Azrael,"I bought this while it was on sale for about $3, and IMHO, it's a gem of a game.The game feels immersive and keeps you constantly on your toes. At times, it even throws a curveball at you when you think you have things under control. Sure, it can be punishing in the beginning when you are unsure on what to do, but once you have become a ""seasoned survivor"" (i.e. you get used to the game), it really isn't all that difficult, and most of it, is common sense. For example, before trying to breach into a building with unknown zombie population, it would make more sense to investigate / assault it first, to make sure your whole party don't end up dead. No, having a full party with good weapons does not guarantee that your party would survive a breach when you are surrounded by an entire horde of zombies. Makes perfect sense.As for the complaints on relationship management, keep doing the right things and the relationship statuses would eventually improve. The rumour feature is just to help out if relationships become really bad. Also, as with real life, if two people don't get along, it's best not to get them to do same activity together, especially in stressful situations and when they are tired (and cranky).If you are like zombie themed games, as well as text-based games, this comes highly recommended. A solid 7/10."
76561198057396467,Recommended,249360,10636212,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,toastbrotmann,"It's a nice little zombie game. What makes it special is that it's almost completely textbased. This won't stop you from spending a great amount of time with it. The ""special effects"" bring some colour and action into the gameplay and you often find yourself bitting your nails, waiting for the results of your last turn.An additional Perk is that you can customize a great deal of things. Adding your own pictures or making your own weapons and tools for your survivors to find adds a personal note to your struggle for survival.If you play it on endless mode this struggle can become pretty boring though. You might end up wondering if you should just send your survivors into a zombie horde and be done with it.But for this little money it's a nice game for every now and then if you're bored with fancy animations and 3D Gameplay ;)"
76561197990239990,Recommended,249360,12731046,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Silver Rohan,"It is a decent game compared to the horde of other zombie games.I have not won a game yet but eventually I'm sure I will.Tips I can give.1. Save frequently. One thing I've also done is moved the Zafehouse Diaries folder in My Documents to Dropbox. Making a NTFS junction from the original location to the dropbox location means I can technically restore back to any point as long as I have been saving frequently.2. Events can be cruel, hence tip #1. I've found that sometimes an event is unwinnable but if I reload it enough, sometimes the event doesn't happen or can be mitigated.3. Your survivors will eat way too fast. Searching for more supplies quickly and efficently is a must.4. Assault a location before trying to breach it. Assaulting lets you kill more zombies than patrolling does.5. Having more than two safehouses is useless in my opinion. The time required to secure a location is long enough when done quickly and noisily. Going slowly and quietly can take forever. Hence, I tend to secure two locations on opposite sides of the town right away. If I find the zombies getting too thick nearby, I can move.6. Guns are useless. They just make alot of noise and draw the zombies.7. Move your survivors as a group. More people during the assault makes it safer, during the breach too. After a successful breach, you'll want one person patrolling (to thin the herd outside attracted by noise), one person watching (to ensure that the zombies breaking in don't surprise the group), and one person searching (for food, medicine and vehicle parts) at a minimum. If you're in a factory, have one person improving gear (defense, breach/assault, searching). There is always jobs that can be done."
,Recommended,249360,24313539,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Bort,"In a world of zombie apocalypse games that involve running around bashing zombies in the head with pointy objects or shooting them, Zafehouse: Diaries is a breath of fresh air. Well, not too fresh. Slightly festering and putrid, if I'm being honest. But, what do you expect from a zombie infested town?I look at Zafehouse: Diaries as a cross between an RTS, in that you have a town to explore, the top down view of the map, the careful exploration; and an RPG in the careful balance you need to accomplish between your team members, the collecting gear, finding food and medication, and praying you don't get too badly injured. Injuries are bad. They severely compromise that character's ability to do tasks, and require proper medical attention and supplies to treat.There are three modes of gameplay - Survival, escape by road, and escape by air. Each presents a very different type of game. Survival is the easy option. You start off solo, and have to survive for as long as possible, building your team as you go. My longest time is in the weeks. My shortest, in the minutes.Escape by road is the 'middle difficulty'. You have a team of 5 characters, each with their own priorities, prejudices, likes and dislikes, and have to balance their happiness and health long enough for you to explore the town, find the car, and collect all the parts you need to get it working again. This is the type of game I have completed the most, and I can tell you that there are multiple endings, depending on how you do.The final game type is the hardest. You have one week to assemble all of the clues and find a radio, and that will allow you to contact a helicopter for rescue. Take too long though, and you miss your opportunity. Move too quickly, and you risk your people being picked off one by one as they split up to search houses, shops, warehouses, factories, churches, schools, and so on.The last thing I would like to mention is the Mods menu. Built into the game itself is the ability to create new characters to use, and new buildings for the town. Doing so, however, will disable achievements as this can be used to severely unbalance the game.On the whole, if you are enjoy a good zombie apocalypse, but are looking for something a little different, then this could be the game for you.This review is part of the Steamified Community Review program. For similar reviews and fantastic giveaways please visithttp://www.steamified.com/."
,Not Recommended,249360,23394476,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,nexigen ツ,"No strategy involved, it's a game of chance.  You can barricade up a house, modify all your weapons and armor, breach a building that only 1 zombies been spotted in and end up fighting a horde of 20 that slaughter everyone.  You can't retreat, you can't make any decisions in combat, you just read what happened that turn.  On the other hand, sometimes a single survivor with a bat will kill 9 zombies on patrol.All you really do in this game is look at the map, give up to 5 people orders such as being a lookout or search the building.  You can also secure a building, this is about as in depth as the strategy goes.  Once your done with the building, travel to another location on the map and hope your people don't get massacred when they arrive.  Also, an annoyance, each survivor can only carry a few pounds...  So 5 survivors might only get to carry 16 lbs of items.  Traveling back and forth to move items from a secured house to your new secured location is very tedious and without much reward.The game has not been updated for a couple years, the forums seem empty, and the game is buggy.  The programming in it seems very old, it doesn't autosave and saving/loading is not intuitive.  In fact the GUI is quite lacking but since it's not very complex it's pretty easy to figure out."
76561198026972398,Not Recommended,249360,17000999,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Yami Konjiki,"This is an interesting game that had potential. Many different scenarios and choices to make. You can fortify your stronghold and improve weapons and character relationships. Move from house to house gathering supplies and killing zombies, or search and patrol your safehouse. Purpose and difficulty need to be addressed however, as there seems to be a lack of a main goal or objectives; and you can have a strong group with many weapons and protective gear, and yet be slaughtered with 1 wrong choice. Your characters are all at each others throats from the second you click ""Start Game"", and it is a very slow and arduous task of improving relations, that never gets finished as they will die off before you make everyone happy. Combat is very dissapointing also, as you can have armour and strong weapons, yet when zombies attack, or you go out on the offensive, be prepared to see that your characters suffered injuries or died because they only used a butter knife and a jacket, when they had in their possession: Guns, machetes, helmets and bats. Leaves you feeling bitter and frustrated.Just read the other negative comments, every single one seems to sum up the game exactly how it is.Not the worst game for the cheap price, a time killer, if you think a few pounds/dollars is worth 1-2 hours of playing."
76561198210050305,Recommended,249360,30929475,Posted: 3 April,all,Darkscorpion,The game is fun i can't stop playing it is quite hard when you play it for the first time but if you keep playing you will get a hang of it if you want a suggestion of a starting strategy for medium and hard i recommend* Having the survivor with the best barricading skill to barricade if he isn't the only one and both of them have a good relation towards each other then have him help*Have another survivor search the building if he is good at searching*Have a idle survivor that is good at spotting watch for zombies*Have the last survivor do something he is good at (except for making a distraction)Hope that works for you because it always works for me.
76561198046296796,Recommended,249360,10684165,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,sallycarmel,"This is a wonderfully addictive game which is easy to get to grips with but brutally unforgiving.I highly recommend the custom content options once you're finished with the three campaigns, as it adds longitivity and replay value to your game. They're easy to use and being able to add anyone and anything to the game really opens up your options.*Pro-tip* Soap is very important to happiness, always have soap."
,Recommended,249360,21556311,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,hepatitisdd,Surprisingly good zombie survival game. Has a really similar art style to This War of Mine without the sidescrolling elements. Unbelievably difficult (I've never beaten it). Really wish this had a mac port or I'd play it more.
76561198038658349,Recommended,249360,9281782,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,SqueakyDolphin,"An interesting, in depth, and addicting game. This game looks at an interesting balance between control and simulation. You can give tasks to your survivors according to their ability and relationships, but there is little control over how they perform, or even what supplies they use. To an extent, this removal of control acts against the game, but it gives the game a layer of complexity, depth, and free form that isn't present in most simulations. It's difficult to see this game as anything other than a simulation, and anybody longing for more control over their characters (such as in XCOM) will find this game lacking.What I've said is bad about the game, mostly. Describing the game's qualities is difficult to interpret in words. It possesses a dynamic feel, where everything connects to everything else, and challenges players to focus on the intricacies that aren't specified. The game is unforgiving and extremely challenging, which I feel accurately represents a zombie survival situation more effectively than most other games.Some ideas for updates would make this game really awesome. One idea is to present the player with a floor plan of each building, showing which rooms have been searched, as well as the locations of doors and windows. This will allow players to think much more strategically. Another idea is to provide some form of gameplay, maybe even minigames, which would allow players to have more control over the outcomes of certain events, such as assault, barricade construction, or defense. While the simulation feel of characters doing these tasks on their own is fine, without some form of control in these areas the majority of the gameplay revolves around text.Overall, a very good game, and I definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a realistic simulation of a zombie survival."
76561197987872190,Recommended,249360,20801472,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,asterne,"It took me awhile to warm up to this one.  The interface is so obtuse and important information isn't always apparent.  I played about twenty minutes of it and shelved it for a couple months.  It didn't feel like anything was happening in the game.Then a week ago, I decided to give it another try.  I imported some photos of friends and family and made some custom survivors.  Once I came to understand the interface and learned to sift through the information--I discovered a fairly fun little zombie survival game.  It's not perfect, and has some quirks, but I've seen a number of nice, tragic little stories unfold on my laptop since I put a few hours into the game.Recommend at five bucks.  Don't pay a cent over 9.99."
,Recommended,249360,21214540,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,ORANGE PEELER,it's like a point and click adventure mixed with Sims set in a zombie apocalypse. Impossibly hard to win but still surprisingly fun after hours and hours of playing - if anything you can take your favorite characters and set them into a zombie apocalypse and see how the minor indefferences are settled by throwing computers at each other. good times.
76561197996425216,Not Recommended,249360,13025109,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,jgtogi,"I wanted to like the game because of its premise but every time I play it I quit from frustration over the myriad of horrible developer decisions that make this game virtually unplayable. First of the game is punishing difficult but that difficulty comes from the horrible inventory system, lack of displayed information and survivor social interactions. Secondly the game is technical mess for example quitting out of the game causes the game to still be active requiring you to restart Steam to play the game. Finally, the game looks like crap. It looks like a board game that was made into a game. Overall, the game is crap. Save your money for much better survivor games like This War of Mine, State of Decay or Don't Starve."
76561198041810727,Recommended,249360,10815295,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Brogle,"ZHD is really tough and almost impossible to win, but you can have the pope and Jesus in one game and they can bash zombies, play a game of cards or chess, and hate each other, because Jesus just can't barricade windows, so that's a thing - A+ for fun"
76561197971825130,Not Recommended,249360,7598113,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Haapy,"Um, this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ It has a lot of really good ideas, which it then completely asses up in execution. You don't directly control your survivors, which lets the game give them 'personalities' - or rather one single personality that they all share: a volatile combination of batshit-crazy and face-palm stupid. At first I thought there were complex sim elements behind the scenes, but as it turns out, it's just a straight-up random number generator. Every turn I root for the zombies to break in and put these♥♥♥♥♥hats out of my misery."
76561198081871234,Not Recommended,249360,16216851,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Luzarus,"As others had said about the game, the developers haven't given this game enough attention. It's all too small and simple, even though it is a TEXT-BASED GAME. You would expect lots of complexity and story and detail set into the game, but no, it doesn't have that. Anything they attempted to be complex, is just a problem throwing a lot of info into your face, but then it has a simple solution.Anyway, time for the normal: Pros and Cons.Pro's:-Rather addictive-Hard and challenging, along with time consuming-Able to customize with in-game workshop-Pictures and random events are niceCons:-Zombies are freaking weird, I killed 12 and got killed by 4 within 2 hours in-game-Way too simple for text game, you see pretty much the entire game within about 2 hours-It freaking crashes at random times-Extremely difficult without creating overpowered♥♥♥♥♥♥in workshop-Relationship system is retared-You see pretty much the entire game within about 2 hoursI don't recommend this game solely for that fact that it is $10, it is not worth it at all. I would be a lot more understandable at maybe $2, but at $10, I feel cheated out of my money for a game that had the potential for a hell of a lot more. Just play Rebuild and you'll have a better time."
,Recommended,249360,28153645,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Meteor Ghost,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. Im the kind of guy whom gets fed up with most survival horror projects due to the feeble characters that generally populate the lore, terribly unconvincing fight sequences and dissapointing endings. But this one caught my eye. I must say, it did not dissapoint. Its bleak, its tense, its realistic and highly customizable. If youre into realistic survival horror management games, You have found your haven."
,Recommended,249360,21585970,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Cinderspark,"Ok, here's the thing. I love the game. Here's the problem. I think that for a game created to manage people according to alliances and such like this, I would love it if there were more ways to actually... DO that. LIke, most of the pos/neg occurances are entirely randomized, and you can only use each TYPE of rumor once. Once they've been used, you're dead in the water. The thing I do like about this game is the custom survivor, item, and place thing. That's nice, but even that could be optimized to allow resizing of the images a little better (unless I'm dumb and you actually can, in which case, ignore that.)"
76561198029716822,Recommended,249360,3955507,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,Super Cosmic Space Pootis,"This game is the most exhausting, tiring, fatiguing, frustrating, addictive, curious, intriguing, engaging, wonderful, enthralling, and incredible game I have played in a while! Completely customisable, a genuinely different experience each time not just 'oh but the zombies come from different places' - but a completely unique experience. It's the kind of game that makes you want to tell your survivor stories to everyone you know even if they havn't played it.tl:dr - indie game with great ideas that deserves your money! Probably the best value for money non-f2p game I've played on Steam."
,Recommended,249360,7848963,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Matt Christensen,This game is wicked addicting. I just can't stop. It's like oregon trial meets a choose your own adventure in a Walking Dead book.
76561198039500099,Recommended,249360,9071951,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,SuperUberBob,"Fantastic game, I loved the deep strategy involved in it. I only with that the developers would keep updating it."
76561198070580017,Recommended,249360,9053980,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,hoot36,"This game is brilliant. There is no other way to put it. It's all text and picture based, so dont expect any epic cutscenes or running around, but this in no way detracts from the experience. There are 3 exciting scenarios to choose from, my favourate being the standard survival mode. You can also create your own characters, give them pictures and give them custom jobs with custom skill sets. The only downside to that is you dont get any achievements while using them, but that's fair enough. I have found myself having ""just one more game"" hundreds of times. Its addictive, rewarding and satisfying. Even when you die, you'll find yourself planning how to avoid that situation next time.Brilliant game, I would reccomend to anyone who likes text based games."
76561198052379771,Recommended,249360,9497213,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,wtflock,"I was on the fence about this as I haven't tended to like text-based games in the past but purchased this on a whim and am so happy I did. I took a bit of time to create a few customized places, survivors, and professions before starting the sandbox mode, and if you have any interest in that I'd highly recommend it. It was extremely easy and, at least for me, added immensely to the game.It did take me a few tries to get the hang of surviving (on my first start I ended up with a giant horde of zombies around me within the first 24 hours, second start I wandered into a hospital trying to get medicine and learned the importance of scouting), but I had infinite patience once I saw how frequently the survivors I'd created appeared. It added quite a bit more motivation to keep things running smoothly! Imagine my surprise and delight in one game when the starting character (who happened to be the one based off me) came upon the next survivor who turned out to be the character I'd made for my favorite celebrity! We were quickly surrounded by a giant horde of zombies with no weapons, no barriers, and very little food, but I got such a kick out of finding us together that I had to find a way to make it work.One gripe would be it takes so long to build the barriers (certainly longer than would be realistic, although to be fair they do give you many more supplies inside to build barriers than is realistic) and sometimes even when you're being slow & quiet the lookout will say you're making so much noise you're a beacon for zombies. Haven't quite figured that out yet. Traps haven't seemed to really have a benefit yet either.But I think that's it. I intended to play for only a little but I found that, even though it paused every turn, I found that I couldn't step away. I completely missed dinner and stayed up way too late, definitely worth every penny."
76561198085086713,Recommended,249360,9742861,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Independentrayz,"For those who are willing to lose... a lot.So...where to begin? For every game, it will have its pros and cons. For every player, it's up to them to decide what a game's pros and cons are. This review was made to (hopefully) make you decide whether you should buy this game or not. So without anymore delays, long and interesting sentences, long agonizing vocabulary words, and delays...  Let's start with the pros of the game!Overall, this game is astounding, repetive, and challenging. This game is based on strategy and randomly generated scenarios (mostly RNG).  Every desision you make can and will affect the situation your survivors have in any way possible. Whether choosing to inject yourself with a zombie ""cure"" (if you find it) or not, to let a little girl inside your safe house or not, or to kill one of your infected surviors or let them live in hopes of finding that cure (RNG could just straight out kill them if it wanted to). One of the best things about this game are the customization options. This game allows you to create your own survivors. Not only that, you can also customize and create your own occupations, locations, even gear! In my opinion, the best thing about this game is the idea of reading your survivors' story/diary. Whether they became trapped and met their awesome demise, or became one of the lucky ones who made it out of that dreaded city alive to tell the story. Now, I believe this game has the capabilities of being a best seller, however like every game, when there are pros, there are also cons.First of all, you must be accustomed to the fact that you will lose... a lot. It is a tendency to lose in almost every game you will play. No matter how ""good"" your group is well armed or skilled, you WILL lose. I, myself, have played this game hundreds of times... HUNDREDS! And out of those dreadful hours of losing and preparation, I only beat it fairly... ONCE. And by fairly, I meant getting the achievements I earned so far in this game by using the characters the game gave me, and abusing the save system like a ♥♥♥♥♥. Even if I would use my generated characters and their OP skills, my group would somehow end up being mauled by zombies, shot to death by crazed survivor groups, or being infected and dying from the virus. Survivor relations are also an issue because of the constant stress, arguements, and paranoia that will diminish one of your group member's relations with the rest of your group into hating each other instead of the zombies.Every so often, I check the statistics of this game (which I will put the link below) to see what the average win/ losses are worldwide. Some days I read that +40% of people killed an old lady that offered to trade supplies with them. Other days, +30% players had their group ditch one of their members in a room full of zombies to save the rest. These statistics show the amount of frustation, determination, and willingness to survive and complete their objective, even if it means to screw other people if it risks killing the rest of the group. Personally, I would have quit my current game or reverted to a previous save if a survivor died because it would just seem wise to do so (also because I'm a perfectionist)Overall, this game has pros and cons in terms of game play and survival. If I would rate this game, I would rate it an 7/10 because of the interesting factors and potenial. However, success in each game is heavily weighed on RNG.Link to Zafehouse: Diaries statisics:http://www.zafehouse.com/bodycount/"
76561198119813501,Recommended,249360,9758090,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,krizzygirl206,"I had been looking EVERYWHERE for a non-combat based zombie game. I mean I love shooting a zombie in the face as much as the next person, but what I always wanted as a game based around the story and the survival and the relations between people. Much like Walking Dead the game. This is perfect if you enjoy text-based stories, building a place for your survivors to stay safe in, or finding a way out of town while collecting items, fighing zombies and occasionally fending off other survivors who come knocking on your door demanding someone."
,Recommended,249360,9820584,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,HornyUnicorny,"Well, it took me 50 hours of playing to finally beat the regular campaign. This game is not easy, but that's what makes it fun. Sometimes though, it can be frustrating because the game suddenly has it out for you. It seems like things are going fine, and then this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bag in a pick up truck stalks you five houses in a row so you completely run out of ammo fighting off hordes of zombies he attracts, unless you are able to flee the house before it's surrounded, and then that angry mob comes after you while you're weak. I've lost count of how many times I had to start over, but I finally did it!"
76561198047418837,Not Recommended,249360,24269099,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,xxAidsxx,"Awesome potential, but no where near finished and nor will it ever be finished."
,Recommended,249360,8684478,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Derduher,Really addictive. It still feels incomplete though.
76561198083404590,Recommended,249360,10512100,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,DaFluff19,This game is rather enjoyable even though I have yet the cahnce to survive for to long in the dang game cause it does get rather difficult really fast. Survivors do not get along even if you create them its a challenge that makes you keep wanting more or you just give up and come back to it later. Ive only had the game for a couple days now I do not regret buying it the only thing now is to get better at the game and that will take time. I know my review may not be to helpful but I myself read posts here and that was a big factor into me getting the game. All I suggest is that you think twice about your choices in this game cause they can turn wrong really fast.
76561198031070368,Recommended,249360,12799388,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,olarnser,"What I said when I first bought the game:I quite like this game, and unlike all the others of the genre, it doesn't make me queasy from the FPP!Well worth the low price.Now many hours later, it's driving me crazy. I haven't once come close to beating the game. Looking in the forum or on YouTube, no-one else has either. Despite the occasional updates, there are still, for me, serious balance issues in this game. For example, in some location even if you breach at full force and heavily armed, and you clear all the zombies in the location at the start, more zombies keep streaming in and you won't even get a chance to search the location or put up barricades. There are also other issues like some characters won't eat even when hungry and food is available.Having said there are problems with this game, I still find myself obsessively playing it. On that basis I would still have to recommend the game because I enjoy it despite its flaws. If they ever get the gameplay balance right this could become a classic."
,Not Recommended,249360,8583339,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,ZodGilla,"As you'd expect from the Z in the title, Zafehouse Diaries is a game about zombies. The game is similar to a rogue-like in its random nature; the town is randomized, your survivors are randomized, loot is randomized, etc. so that no two playthroughs are exactly the same. Or so it should be.You'll find yourself in the usual boring, dreary town with a bunch of useless, racist, janitor survivors that will break each others arms and legs for refusing to play a game of chess (Not kidding). Even worse, you can even end up with Survivors that aren't good at anything at all, and you're stuck with them. If a Survivor dies, they are dead, and you wont be getting another. Expect to be given the short end of the straw many times, and to see the same stock photos for your survivors over and over.The game is too randomized. Everything you do feels like a roll of the dice in the zombies favor. Trying to fight a number of zombies above ten, even with all your survivors armed to the teeth, is certain suicide. Chances are slim you'll be able to clear the hospital or police station, with the horde's numbers varying from 10 to 20, and even higher. Even then, trying to clear out locations is a hassle. First, you must send out a scout to check out how many zombies are outside and how many zombies are inside. You'll have to go by what they say, because even though they may have seen eight zombies inside, there are actually twenty-three. Now that you have the place scouted out, you'll need to Assault it. This consists of your survivors trekking over to the location through the city, and the murdering every zombie outside and shooting through the windows inside. More than likely, you wont get all the zombies inside. Finally, you'll need to Breach. Your survivors will go back to the location for the third time and make their way inside, where they will proceed to most definitely die - Or kill the zombies if you are immensely lucky.Overall, the game just feels unfinished and unfair. There isn't much to do besides explore buildings, clear out buildings, try to escape, and survive. Weapon variety is dismal, with most melee weapons being absolute garbage and ranged weapons being entirely too risky to use, lest more than ten zombies surround your 'base' and you have no way to get out. Zafehouse Diaries is a good idea, but it  still feels like an alpha game and not a complete product.The only thing I really, really enjoy about the game is the journal, although it's severely flawed as you will see the same messages over and over again. When it rains, the journal pages get wet and the sound of rain on the roof fills your ears. When it thunders, light flashes on the screen as it storms outside. When you fight, blood splatters the pages.Good ideas but with poor implementation. I strongly advise you to buy this at a largely reduced price, at least 4.99."
,Recommended,249360,15419008,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,sequel7,"Reasonably fun, particularly to let run in the background and tab to it for a turn or two while you're doing other things. Either I am incredibly horrible, or this game is really tough."
,Recommended,249360,8025490,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Satania,"This game is an intense strategy game, I reccomend reading the manual(its free) that this game has created for players. This game has excelent custom content options.(the custom content is a ""you make it yourself"" kind of thing, but its quite simple) It allows you to control the intensity of surviving the apocolypse in option settings. There are multiple survival modes. Each type of building within the town you survive in is unique with usualy realy good, realy bad, and sometimes creepy Benefits/Consecuenses.Issues: For me the game has crashed consistantly about every 20 minets, and if you dont manualy save pariodicaly it'll lose all data for that game. The survivors in the game almost never get along well, if people were in a post-apocolyptic situation i think they would put their differences aside more than this game displays."
,Recommended,249360,25572720,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,youbetterwork,Cool game. I add pictures of hot people for my survivors and RP with them in my head.
,Not Recommended,249360,18672437,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,MysticScribe,"The basic concept of the game is interesting and I like the idea of taking a new crack at zombie games. It reminds me a bit of the board game Dead of Winter. Unfortunately it had very little tutioral and I had to spend quite a bit of time looking up basic game play on the wiki. If they had a better tutiorial that actually explained how to play the game instead of dropping me right into the thick of it with a few small hint, maybe I would have been able to play more and liked it a little more."
,Recommended,249360,25694519,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,SimR,"I myself love this game.Many people complain about smaller things in it, but when it comes down to it, this game is great.With the new Steam refund feature you have nothing to worry about either. Spend a hour and a half playing, see if you like it. If you dont, return it, if you do keep it!Its that simple. I feel it is worth the asking price, but some others may say wait for a sale. That is your decision :)EventsThe randomly generated events, and the ability to create your own survivors adds a sense of actual connection to the story. You will feel pressured by the logical side of a decision, and the emotional side. Every event has multiple outcomes, good and bad. But each event will also rely on what you have, and how are you prepared.RelationshipsEach character will not like somebody else for one reason or another in the start of the game. This means over time they will start to fight with eachother, and possibly hurt one another. If you dont get it under control, this can mean everybody will start to get upset. But you can fix this with rumors! But be careful, each rumor has sideeffects if your not careful! I have had a group of people perfectly happy with one another, but after one misplaced rumor hated eachother. So be careful! Events, or certain actions may anger one another too.ReplayabilityThis game is randomized to your will. It can be completely random, or you can add in people/items/locations/jobs if you would like. This means every game will be diffrent, no two maps are the same! It is a game of pure chance to a extent. But you can win it everytime if you are smart about how you play."
76561198068987944,Recommended,249360,8926001,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,benihana,"Fantastic game. Takes a little while to get used to the game play, but the ability to edit and customize the game makes it really unique. Very fun!!"
76561198203657919,Recommended,249360,17942802,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,alnorton95,"What can I describe about Zafehouse: Diaries?Its a zombie survivial horror game that isnt typically 1st person, you take on the role of different survivors (including yourself but the character creation isnt working) and in a diary themed turn based game you have to keep them alive at all costs.Its interesting and fun but gets a bit tiring after a while.Pros:Sound: Amazing sound- feels like you are really there whether barracading a door or fighting off zombies.Diary Style: Its interesting keeps the anticipating going- never knowing if your survivior survived.Different types of gameplay: Character creation and different types of hardmode, etc.Cons:Feels very short.Character Creation is not working at all!Bit repetative with the same maps, etc.A interesting concept but it depends on what you like."
,Recommended,249360,7672307,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,TemnoTsar,"At first, people might not think this game is any good since it is pretty much a text only game. However, once you get into it, its a lot of fun. My first playthough, I was playing as custom characters, and enjoyed it but we only lasted a week. The second playthrough, I played as random characters and managed to get to almost two weeks. The game can be challenging, but the more you play, the better off you will become. Its easy to learn. For anyone who wants to just burn though a few hours a day or your waiting for something to update, this game is a great time killer."
76561198088729424,Recommended,249360,8033165,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Skarekrow,"If I'm honest, although this game has a lot of potential and I'd still recommend it to those willing to put the necessary time into it, I found Zafehouse: Diaries to be a bit more needlessly complicated than it had to be. Some people like that sort of thing, I'm not among them. A lot of actions I felt could have been simplified, and it took me a good couple hours studying all the mechanics of the game to work out everything I needed to do in order to actually play. I had trouble figuring out how to do anything with equipment but scrap it for the first few rounds playing! Once I was in, the concept reminded me a lot of Rebuild 2 on Newgrounds, which, although there's less detail and customization involved, is easy to get right into.Okay, so I've complained enough, let's talk about some high points in this game. The fact that you can create a completely custom character with uploaded photos and customized stats puts a smile on my face. It's not every day you can make a group of zombie apocalypse survivors that includes yourself, the Egyptian god Set and Captain Picard. Another thing that caught my fancy was the fact that the characters had their own prejudices and insecurities, causing them to quarrel amongst themselves, a concept I feel isn't touched on enough in similar games. Just like in real times of crisis, the greatest danger can be the person sitting right next to you.So, in conclusion, this game definitely needs a bit of work to simplify things a little. I really hope it gets that work as time goes on, because it'd be a shame if a game with this much potential ends up overlooked by many because they were frustrated before they even got into the game itself."
,Recommended,249360,15865120,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Nero Euforico,"Good game concept, adequate implementation. There are obviously rooms for improvement. However, get it when it's on sale, it is worth trying.Zombies, Simulation, Sandbox, Survival and a Diary to record all of your doings and undoings. The game is very punishing, but it is realistic. You can literally make your own short version of ""The Walking Dead"" here.If you don't care about achievements at all and the raw game is too punishing to play, go for customization. Customization is fun, you can add anyone you know into the game, create custom items and places."
76561197971724802,Recommended,249360,33808000,Posted: 26 July,all,Pontifex Maximus,"Zafehouse: Diariesis a turn-based strategy game where you give directions to a group of survivors and watch it play out in text form.The game is text-based, but that doesn’t mean that the visuals don’t enhance the gameplay. From moving bits and baubles around to indicate where you want to explore, to blood stained pages in the diary to mark bloodshed, it’s the small things that bring the game to life. You advance the turn an hour by clicking on a watch.The custom content generator in the game goes a long way in keeping things enjoyable. You can add your own characters, complete with custom images and occupations. You can also create your own locations and items.Interactions between survivors is the biggest selling point ofZafehouse: Diaries. Each character is randomly generated, and each one has a prejudice against another group. One might hate the lower class, while another might find educated people snobbish. The relationships between survivors degrade quickly, but can be boosted by spreading a rumor once a day. It becomes a juggling act keeping everybody together. If relationships fall too much then fistfights will start breaking out, and sometimes those fights can end with nasty cuts - or worse.Zafehouse: Diariesisn’t a great strategy game. But it is a good story generator, and as long as you can make that distinction it offers hours of entertainment.THE GOOD- Three different game modes- Graphics are immersive and bring life to the story- Random events keep things from becoming too monotonous- Custom content generatorTHE BAD- The audio quickly gets annoying- Lack of in-game options to change sound levels- Negative relationships sometimes feel over-the-top7/10DISASTER | BAD | MEDIOCRE | OKAY |GOOD| GREAT | AMAZING | MASTERPIECE"
76561198035318601,Recommended,249360,15676371,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,LittleBigPlayer,"I honestly recommend it! Very tactical, you can customize every aspect of the game (even custom items) ! discovered no bugs. It's definitely something different. it's NOTHING for ppl. who like fights/splatter. it's more like a game of risk or chess, and it is turn-based. It's for ppl who like the MANAGEMENT aspect of survival/apocalypse games.German users: a very good gameplay / review of the game was made by famous coldmirror, there you can have a look at it.For 9.99 a very good experience !"
76561198018293568,Recommended,249360,15846527,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Deliant,"I've been playing this game on and off for more than a year now. I'll play for a long while, get frustrated with my losses, take a break, think about how much I really wanna win, then come back.You want a challenging game? You enjoy survival games? Zombies your thing? All here. Don't even need a high-end computer to run it. I wish there were a thousand more games like this one."
76561198087722573,Recommended,249360,16465504,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,TheWarHunter,A neat little playbook game.
76561198112927828,Recommended,249360,16375483,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Killerdoom14,"Love this game, its a beautiful game with very simple aspects. Like Project zomboid but in third person city view thingy majigy.I highly reccomend trying it, its difficult and I havent beaten it once, but thats what keeps me coming back.9/10, I snuck into a house, and Obama was sitting in a recliner in the living room and my group. Day 4, Obama and my main power house went to get materials from the warehouse, They got split up and the Power house got his arms crushed by a group of zombies, and Obama accidentally shot himself. GG.Well atleast he did something in the game, considering he lacked doing anything while in office. (Minus the key stuff)"
76561197962973671,Recommended,249360,17862939,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Past0ri,"A different way of portraying a zombie apocalypse. In this game you control 1-5 survivors, by giving them different tasks, in order to survive.The course of the adventure is displayed in the pages of a diary. Every looted item, every killed zombie, every breached building, all the things happening emerge in the form of letters. I thought this must be boring as hell, but its not.Theres certain amount of excitement when you anticipate next moves of your survivors, who are most certaintly annoyed of one another, and they will fight each other. You can release the tensions in your group by spreading rumours of certain persons charity work or affiliation in crime or you can have bottle of spirits, maybe even a chess board or guitar in inventory.The gameplay area is randomly generated, with several different buildings. There are also rare random events, with positive and/or negative side effects.There are 3 different game modes, easy being the ""easiest"", where you start with only one survivor, so you could die in the first building you venture into, if not properly geared up. But you have infinite number of other survivors finding their way to you, and your only objective is to survive, with no timelimit. Some buildings also generate resources.In normal mode you start with 5 survivors, and your task is to find a vehicle, and then find several parts to repair it. There is no time limit, but there are more and more zombies spawning in the town when time passes. You cant replace survivors.Hard mode also starts with 5 survivors, who cannot be replaced, and must find an evacuation point. Time limit is set to 1 week.As a fan of zombie games, this 1 is a fresh breeze and welcomed addition, in the evergrowing line of zombie games. But... its very difficult to handle, has several balance issues and the survivors are not from the sharpest end of the pencil."
76561198027212551,Recommended,249360,15879059,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,thebobster,"This is a strange game, and I imagine if I wanted to actually play this game to win/get achievements, I would be very frustrated with the constant in-fighting, random events, and clear lack of feedback when you fail.However, I play this game with a specific goal in mind, I play how some might call 'Oregon Trail style.' I get a few of my friends, share a livestream/screenshots, create custom characters, and argue on how to survive in this game's complex and dangerous world. Eventually it gets old, eventually you start dying in the same ways, and you're not sure how you could play it better, short of min-maxing the game's characters, but for me, this game served its purpose."
76561198052854099,Recommended,249360,17235234,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Dead Inside 75,Good Strategy game. Detailed on what you want your party to do.Not a bad game to past the time.
76561197983301475,Recommended,249360,16214031,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,RabidUrko,"Great game where you use your imagination from reading rather thangraphics, highly stimulating and satisfying.The game itself is well constructed and each time its played can be totally different."
76561197994996821,Not Recommended,249360,27856276,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Septema,"At $1.24, how can you go wrong.  Here's how - Day 2 :There don't appear to be any zombies within.  Jeremiah was gored, trampled and killed by 6 zombies.  He shot and killed 7 before they killed him.  Mitchell was gored, trampled and killed by 3 zombies.  He shot and killed 2 zombies before they killed him.  That was breaching an ""empty"" building after investigating it and arming the only two who got along from the initial 5.Either zombies kill your group, or their hatred kills them.  In the end, everyone dies, nobody cares.8/10 for idea.  1/10 for execution.  You have fully equiped characters with plenty of weapons and armor and they stilldie...why?Because they hate each other.  Ultimately this game is ruined by every character hating every other character.  Even if you make them all friends, it's only temporary and the next time someone wants to play chess, they hate each other all over again and without cooperation, the groups all die.I tried this in beta and it was ok, now having purchased it I see how they ruined the whole idea and abandoned the game in favor of creating a sequel.  Is a sequel necessary for a game this bad?  No, don't think so.  The devs would have been better of making this more enjoyable.  Instead you have a game where there's a couple die hard fans voting it up while everyone else votes it down.  Instead of honest reviews, you see there is no latest reviews option since the latest ones all vote it down."
76561198092126778,Recommended,249360,9803835,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Legojustice,"This game is really good for people who like zombies and like to thinks things out.Zafehouse is good in gameplay and it has a creation syteam where you can make your own surviors like yourself or Friends.In the end,I would give this game a solid 7/10,which means a darn good game!"
76561197966004547,Not Recommended,249360,8498565,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,POTUS,Unfisnished game. Feels totally random and pointless.
76561198018881676,Not Recommended,249360,8683037,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,DiCtAtOr,not worth more than 10 dollars the game is rather simple a interesting approach but not enough to warrant much
76561198052720700,Recommended,249360,12791053,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Thunderstorrm0,I like this game... but I keep dieing. I like the set up... You never actually see zombies... Its' all in a book... but your decisions affect what happens. Did you decide to go scavenge without sending anyone to check it out first? oops then you did not know how many zombies were in that area.. bad choice!  ya... It can get to you after a bit... Like ... oh no! why did I do that!  but over all it's a really good game. It's easy to get into it even though not much is visually there.. your immagination takes over for you.
,Recommended,249360,13016965,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Derpykiin,"It's a pretty alright game. It has its own take on the whole zombie survival where you have to scure a safehouse, supplies, people's sanity to survive. Some bugs found made it unplayable causeing horeds to swarm me for no apprent reason. But I havent touched it in some time so it might be fixed. All in all an alright buy. Mabye wait for a sale."
,Not Recommended,249360,22708497,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Ssor22,This game could be much more fun if most of it was not random based. You can make many changes to the game in the editing tool that is included but I feel that you should not have to.Best not to buy unless you enjoy changing much of the game.
76561198137225346,Recommended,249360,12825019,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,lordofgamez,"Zafehouse: Diaries isn't well known for it's moving pictures, but does keep you on your toes with it's survivor management gameplay! In-game, you're typically placed inside a set map filled with typical city buildings of importance; Hospitals, Bars, Houses, Police Stations, ect. You decide where you hold up base, and survive the onslaught of zombie ""X""'s on the map. But they aren't the only one's you'll be fighting out there... The game comes in three different modes, an easy mode which gives you one survivor, and no objective. You're able to signal for others to join your cause and live as a small little group for as long as you can. The medium and hard mode add objectives, as well as a time limit that you need to keep track of - among other problems. The biggest key feature in this is that you can add just about anyone you know into the game - slap in a picture and a persona and you're set! All you need to do after that is spend hours creating your own weapons and armor in the creator menu. Good luck my friend! You're going to need it!"
,Recommended,249360,22966297,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,hiMonk,F'ing hard but fun
,Not Recommended,249360,32572353,Posted: 19 June,all,GARASHTA,"This could have been  a good game. BUt it is not.On theory, it is great: Lead a band of survivors, scavenge, search locations, manage relationships, try to stay alive, win. All that withouth actual combat, it would all be abstract. So you only have your choices to deal with. As I saide, on theory that is awesome.However, when it comes to put that theory in practice, it fails on each and every aspect of it. The game even has a windows popup when you want to go back at the main menu or you die. I'm not kidding: It is a windws system popup! They did not made a game popup. This is so much 1995 free game!And I have literally hundreds of games on my steam account, this is the first one I ask for a refund, even though it is dirt cheap."
,Recommended,249360,9670966,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,billi,Good 7.1/10
,Recommended,249360,9816152,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Gandalfplayer,Awesoe zombie game
76561198057223458,Not Recommended,249360,17638087,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,KingPanda,Fun for a few hours then you'll stop playing and never play again
76561198033576631,Not Recommended,249360,15332465,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Reya1s,meh
,Not Recommended,249360,15669676,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,[MaDDuCk],"I want my money back.I just bought this game, like 2-3 days ago and I have major problems launching the game.I've been searching the forums and web for a solution and trying out any and all I cant find but to no avail.The error I receive when trying to launch the game is:""An error occured while initialising Direct3D 9.If you have a DirectX 9-compatible video card, make sure you have the latest drivers and Direct X 9.0.c runtime installed.""I have put this up on the steam forum and with no answers."
76561198006301875,Not Recommended,249360,16007512,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,The Watcher in The Dark,"A sort of text based strategy version of the zombie apocalypse.  Moving from house to house, planning things out and buildin some tools and traps.  Dealing with personalities of your peeps, making choices.That all works, but here is what doesn't.  A game that is mostly text based should not be so repetitive.  You don't exactly need to spend 10 hours programing to add in a couple variations on flavor text.  But you will read the same few pages every game over and over again.And it's almost all pointless anyway.  Every character boils down to ""Here are his stats, here are the races he is a bigot towards.""  In fact, I don't know if this game was made in the 1960s south or what, but the assumption is that the minute zombies show up everyone will reveal incredible racism and sexism which eventually bubble over and destroy us.  Ends up making everyone 2-dimensional.This is a cool concept and I think it has potential, but you'll get bored of this one before you ever get close to the end."
76561198045759123,Not Recommended,249360,13645673,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,BandoTheOcelot,"You can get a much better game, online, for free in the form of ""Rebuild 2"""
76561198031360009,Not Recommended,249360,20511050,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,mordmorgan,Awful.
,Recommended,249360,22386245,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Chantion,I liked it.
76561198045035508,Not Recommended,249360,20571583,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Craftywitch,"Possibly the worst game ever.  I loved How to Survive and thought this would be similar.  Its not, no game play just read a diary."
,Recommended,249360,7549858,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,RvB Caboose,Fun but extremely hard. Racist game :D (youll see what I mean) 6.5/10
76561198015602109,Recommended,249360,14385797,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,SSgtHoward,"I really do like this game for a number of reasons. It has a very unuque play style where your main interaction is through what can be termed a ""diary."" The permdeath is a good feature for this since it reminds you that your choices have true impact on your future. The minimalistic approach to the interace is part of the charm. If you want a tactical game that is heavily graphical, then buy XCom. I would like to see more games that take this non-graphic heavy approach to building a game/interface."
76561198075376820,Recommended,249360,14492229,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Elbragkol,"Great little game here. Very simple, but addictive."
,Recommended,249360,22207505,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Schwick,"I guess it's a good game but I die a lot, so I can't really say for sure...It's got some dank sound effects though, and I'm also gonna get their new game Fear Equation so I guess I'll recommend it."
,Recommended,249360,18664871,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Omen UK,"Many may look at this game and think it doesn't look all that good, all that advanced, all that much fun, and they would be wrong.I'll admit I bought Zafehouse Diaries on a whim and I am so glad I did, I am really enjoying playing it.  You have three difficulty options ranging from a casual if still deadly walk-through to a complete Walking Dead, doing everything it takes to survive difficulty and accordingly the challenges you will face are more difficult too to match the level.  The game premise itself is fairly simple, you start off in a building and are required to fortify it, while fighting off hoardes of zombies, other survivors, and each other and are required to search other buildings for supplies, and information about an impeding escape or for parts for the car you hope to fix up to escape (depending ont he level you play).  It is a interesting addictive gameplay, one wrong move can mess up you're game and decimate your survivors but then too cautious  and you risk starving to desk.The ability to customize characters, professions, items (you can find) and some of the in-game pictures is a really great touch too, and while it would be nice to have a few more customizations to add categories of items in it doesn't detract from the variety you have through the customization. Added to this is the is the ability to edit your diary after the game ends which allows you to add a few more details too.Would recommend this game if you're looking for something different to play and hope. Even though they are going on to bigger, better, and moremore advanced projects I really hope Screwfly Studios continue with this game or make a follow up, i did enjoy it that much!!."
,Not Recommended,249360,15318121,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Tommie-Burne,"Custom content required to be successful, overall unenjoyable."
,Not Recommended,249360,27382453,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Severs,"This game was something I went in wanting to like. However this game has some very clunky mechanics, and can be rather hard to follow and understand in the begining, which makes it very hard to get into at all. I gave it a little under half an hour of trying it out and gave up and refunded it. Here's hoping they streamline the mechanics just a little for the sequal. The strategy part seems solid, but the rest of the mechanics just bring everything to a halt pretty quickly."
,Recommended,249360,26673219,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,HeadShot,"so much hate with survivors. I guess thats realism.+ : great concept, audio,  interesting gameplay- : i had great expectations, really looked forward to it, i guess that was wrong. And I really wanted to finish it or at least make progress but everyone died even before i got into the story/game. :(will try the sequel. 5/10 you decide, will recommend just if you have no other choice lol, would hate again"
,Recommended,249360,34051816,Posted: 5 August,all,Zanathus,"This is very interest game, I like it. Only problem is lack of simplycity in tutorials, that make game boring to learn, its dozen of text thrown up in your face.Buy if u have pacience to read."
,Recommended,249360,4293003,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Betelgeuse,"This is certainly not a game for everyone. It requires a great deal of reading and, dare I say it? Imagination. The best feature by far, though, is the ability to add photos of your friends or characters from your favorite movies; or even put your own house into the game. Sometimes less is better, and this is definitely the case here."
,Recommended,249360,19970546,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Arachnade,Game is hard but fun. Once you understand the mechanics then you can play for hours on end.
,Not Recommended,249360,7589451,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,PvtHudson,Hitler and Elijah Muhammad fight against each other in the middle of a zombie apocalypse.Not recommended.Full review:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Awgv1VObCAc
76561198027724317,Not Recommended,249360,9423454,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,dax616,"Dont Buy -- THis company doesnt answer emails, phone calls, messages ect---they care nothing for their customershave been trying to get info on Zafehouse Diaries and they have not even been online to look at customer questions for over 180 days."
76561198052348153,Not Recommended,249360,10422743,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,"Geez, Louise, You're the Best","When I bought this game, I stupidly assumed it would provide more than a few days worth of buggy text adventure. I was wrong. Do not pay an entire 9.99 for this."
76561197982352489,Not Recommended,249360,12834710,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,=Tattoo=,"This game is very buggy. Not worth the 5 bucks i spent on it, maybe 99 cents."
76561197965396869,Recommended,249360,13522805,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Macdallan,"It's not perfect.  Far from it - but it's got some of what I want in a zombie game... none of them ever seem to pull it all together though so I can't complain... too much.  This one's got barricading locations, scavenging for loot that you NEED to survive, tension between the survivors, and permadeath.  It's kind of a tense game, even though it's mostly text based.  I breached a buildiing before scouting it - that was one big mistake.  One final, big mistake.  I sent three in to breach with what I thought were decent weapons and a good chance to make it back out.  Wrong.  So I send in the cavalry with upgraded guns and lot of ammo.  The three from the first group had fallen as the two remaining, wounded (why I didn't send them initially), survivors made it inside.  Then they quickly became - well... not survivors that's for sure.  Oooops.So, negatives.  Yes, the above ""story"" isn't a negative.  Far from it.  My fault for not scouting first.  With ""improved' binoculars... bringing me to a negative.  Modifying normal items to be ""better"" at what they're built to do in the first place.  It's stupid.  I can ""upgrade"" a butter knife.  You mean sharpen it I hope 'cause anything else is going to make it less good at ... buttering.  You can upgrade binoculars.  In a zombie apocalypse.  You can upgrade... binoculars.  Who the fudge has extra powerful lenses laying around for binoculars?  You ""upgrade"" firearms by making them ""steady"", or some other adjective... yeah, think the manufacturers did that already... so yeah, I hate the upgrade system.  Can't pick an item directly either, just upgrade a category of items and you get random bonuses.  Stupidest one I saw so far was upgrading, and get this, weights.  Yup... weights.  How the heck do you upgrade weights in the middle of a zombocaplypse? (that means a zombie apocalypse... it's obvious)  Food consumption and resting are random, as are playing chess, solitaire, drinking, etc.  Not much self control there people, plus they never get along, and I find the relationships to be rather cryptic - plus the ""rumour"" system could be useful to some degree - but I find it clunky.I recommend this for what it is, just make sure you know what this game is before you buy it - and try to get in on sale for crying out loud.  Steam ALWAYS has sales.  Heck, it's 50% off right meow.p.s. I wish I could combine several parts of this game in a blender with DayZ, 7 Days to Die, Rust, Rebuild 1 and 2 (if you haven't tried these, check out Sarah Northway's brainchildren.. and Rebuild 3 on the way), Dead State and State of Decay and have the perfect zombocalypse (I know, not a word - but I like it) game pop out."
76561198081664237,Not Recommended,249360,13777122,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,yes,It looked great but in short...nah.
,Recommended,249360,25493727,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Lord Donald Trump,Gem. Just a ♥♥♥♥ing gem.
76561198060487330,Not Recommended,249360,15982600,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Zara Malak,"too bare bones, too random, not supported, no steam workshop......"
76561198063990442,Recommended,249360,13705316,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Meatwing,Now tell me this doesn't sound epic! First of all before we start the game isfully custimizable you can add your own survivors or items like mountain dew or a north face jacket. You can even add yuor own buildings like starbucks or your own house! It was just me when i started out alone with pills a bennie and a coca cola botle with some doritos. I ended up meeting my mom and this random black guy. We cleared out gamestop and my real house. When we cleared out my real house i got a scrach. I enede up infected so i could either get killed or keep me but i would use up most of the meds. So i killed myself and the black guys was sad but pewdiepie didnt care! Then they met some guy who i didnt make he came with the game. For a while my house was great traps and even a watch tower. Than♥♥♥♥♥♥went down real fast. My house got overrun i tried to get pewdiepie to the other house to create a distraction so they would go to that house instead.But pewdiepie died in the process! I tried to get the random guy to go on the watch tower to try and snipe some of the zombies but they got to him to! So then they broke through the front door and the turned random guy took a chunk right out of my moms neck! Black guy then cleared all the dead corpses because our food was rotting fast! than i tried to get the black guy out as soon as possible he didn't make it to the nieghbors house! I tried to get my mom to the neighbors house but right when she got inside she died from a concussion lol. This all happened in less than 1 and a half hours! Now what are you waiting for buy it!
,Not Recommended,249360,22147285,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Cyrus Says,"This game just wasn't interesting to me. I like the concept, but the execution seems poor. This is like a less interesting version of ""This War of Mine."""
76561198068221714,Not Recommended,249360,16658902,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Mighty_Max,"An utter, utter peice of doo-doo. Do NOT purchase."
76561198024811575,Recommended,249360,14363263,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Redleader,Okay how do I say this. I have probably played over 100 games of this game maybe even 150. I have won a grand total of 4 times one of which was a custom game with people who would work together easier. This game is hard brutal and merciless. However I love it for that. A game that you can feel like the king of the world when you beat it is a awesome game for giving you that feeling eventually. In my opinion this game is a good buy. It can be a little repetitive with certain events but I can almost say with 100% certainty that you will not see every event for along time. If you don't believe me when i say this game is difficult check out the statistics on the website. Only 9 people got their group to the helicopter in time this week (Me being one of them and btw that was the fourth win). This game is a cold heartless b**** but I love it for that. You think the zombie apocalpse would be easy. Good Luck
,Recommended,249360,9773844,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Dave Creator,"This game is amazing and a fun play, but the only thing I have a problem with is the the developers ""finished it"" and just left it. There are bugs and it seems so unfinished. The developers need to step up their game and look at our feedback. 6/10"
,Recommended,249360,8098386,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Whynaut,Realisticly who would have a diary that can change in real time depending on how many lies you tell.
,Not Recommended,249360,9127556,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,GunSlingerMalanta,This Game is absolutely horrible. It's a waste of money. But if you didn't already heed that warning heres what you do. You can't  equip items or weapons you can only bring objects with youm but you ahve a carry limit of 4. so you can barely bring anything and anything good weighs more than 4. Don't buy this game.
,Recommended,249360,32711995,Posted: 23 June,all,Youkah,I can watch my ocs scream at zombies and die. This game is amazing.
,Not Recommended,249360,30826581,Posted: 29 March,all,CentauriNexis,"I played this game for a bit awhile back. And when I say a bit, I really do mean a bit. It wasn't fun. I love management/simulation games, but this one was just ugh. Defintely don't recommend. Especially with how difficult it is just to get into the game."
,Not Recommended,249360,9994928,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,ƓƠƬӇƖƇƦƖƇӇƛƦƊ,ok this is a good game but the dev i thank abndent the game ther as not been a update for months last update was i thank in nov thers been no word from the devs on the game if this is finshed its not as good as it can be if they work on it more
76561198070877799,Not Recommended,249360,16140234,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,cdfulling,"I regret this purchase even more than I regret DayZ. Not because it's broken like DayZ, but because it's so BORING. At least DayZ had visuals!"
76561198118854015,Not Recommended,249360,23074477,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Flare The Fox,"This game is really hard and is barely possible unless you have experience but I do and is not a game I recommend for everyday players. (Strategy game, Zombies, Survive)"
76561198102297533,Not Recommended,249360,28892399,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,witch hunter erwin,One of my first games I got on steam. Also one of my least played games on steam
76561198047598979,Not Recommended,249360,28226511,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,exnephilim,"Great idea, terribly executed.Put your money on something else."
76561198037461838,Not Recommended,249360,8490441,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,gabehuhlife,"This is not a typical zombie killing game. You do not directly kill zombies nor there is any strategic element in killing zombies. You are, for the lack of better word, the team spirit of the survivors and everything is more or less left to chances.It is a semi-realistic take on a zombie genre... in third person, which gives you the illusion of control along with the frustration that comes with it. You must watch the relationships between the survivors, food level and medical supplies among others. You must guide the survivors through the zombie infested town towards their salvation, which often feels like herding cats.I am not saying Zafehouse is a bad game. Zafehouse is an unique game that offeres a very different experience from other zombie games. It is just not for someone who expects more traditional zombie killing games. I can see how this game can be fun and engaging for some gamers but if you are a casual gamer who just wants to kill zombies like myself, do not buy this game.If, however, you are curious about this game, I suggest that you download the demo version before purchasing this game."
,Recommended,249360,8646122,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,A.D.Mynx,Definitly one of the best zombie games ever greated. Seams very low but is very complex. the emontional dilemas are awesome and every run against a wanted building with zombies in it gave you the feeling that you are in at all and you will tremble with you team if you can make it... or not ^^
,Not Recommended,249360,9138106,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Heretical Humanoid,"its both tactical as unlogical, only fun part is adding yourself and your heroes in it."
76561198008887930,Not Recommended,249360,9077986,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Akondar Panthera,Not a bad game for what it is.Effort was put in to try and make it varied and events interesting.However at $10 there are better games out there for the same or less value.Get it if its on sale if you want some short and sometimes repetitive text heavy zombie survival strategy
76561198094873387,Recommended,249360,10775641,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,royerlend123,"If you are a fan of strategy games and zombies, is this the game for you."
76561198049518973,Not Recommended,249360,11784577,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Mr Scratch,I understand some people like and thats okay I feel that maybe I don't like due to the fact thats its too much like rebuild and to be honest rebuilds better
76561198122743085,Not Recommended,249360,33203775,Posted: 3 July,all,pluto965,"clarisa killed dennis because he was poor. micheal hates clarisa because shes black, greg hated clarisa because she wrote a newspaper once, and everyone hates anthony because he used soap."
76561197985589039,Not Recommended,249360,13138445,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,WHOOLEE,"A great idea but so poorly implemented.The screen doesnt even display in full screen, what did they make this for a calculator screen?Worth a punt for maybe apound and no more, as i said this is a great idea but made my monkeys."
76561197972499865,Recommended,249360,12564533,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Hooch,Good time waster.
76561198150147663,Recommended,249360,12331275,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,cgeo4917,great gamewould buy agian if it got deleted would by dlc would buy sequel love this game
76561198003675546,Not Recommended,249360,12325880,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Boiled Eggs,This is probably just the worst game i have ever tried ...
76561198049633843,Recommended,249360,5429695,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,mikecrc,"This game is awesome , if you liked this game there is another game that has not been realesd but it promises a lot it is called Dead State it is not  on steam it is currently on greenlight i just really recomend it"
76561198088169849,Recommended,249360,9333623,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Im back,if you like games that make you think get it now!
,Recommended,249360,7586759,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Big Fucking Boner™,It's ♥♥♥♥ing nothing.
76561198063694790,Recommended,249360,9155045,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Baileyface,"I both hate and love this game. It pisses me off, but as Ben Yatzee said, &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off is not bored,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of gets♥♥♥♥♥♥done"""
76561198005600418,Recommended,249360,2313925,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,Rothak,"zombie rogue game....yes please! Played it...yes, enjoyment 100% Rate of death 100% within 1 day."
,Recommended,249360,8641318,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Nerdsomniac,This game is ridiculous.It's difficult. It's challenging. It's crazy frustraing.But oh my god it is so addictive.Text reading and sound immersion is more than enough to draw you in for hours and hours.
76561198043465750,Recommended,249360,4932474,"Posted: 23 September, 2013",all,Azerai,"Amongst the uncountable zombie shoot-em-ups surrounding the zombie survival genre, Zafehouse: Diaries provides a refreshing character based angle akin to ""The Walking Dead"" with a solid squeeze of RTSPlayers manage a team of one to five survivors with randomly generated skills, personalities and prejudices attempting to survive against hostile elements, unending zombie hordes, limited resources and at times; even each otherWhile Zafehouse: Diaries does provide at times a compelling experience, the immersion is often times strained by the lack of feedback, control and strange bugs leading to jarring experiences, like a fight between survivors resulting in a broken leg, every single time, or the inability to avoid turning the last shower into a barricadeBeyond that, it provides a character based survival experience that feels like a genuine struggle to survive that's unique everytime; if a little aloofand I'd recommend it to anyone looking for such"
,Recommended,249360,8471869,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Brango Beswizzle,In this game people will walk away in the middle of a conversation and get eaten
76561198011426713,Recommended,249360,8510962,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Thagamus,"It's almost all text-based, but it's surprisingly addictive. I've spent a ton of hours playing multiple games. Every playthrough is completely different. Worth the cash."
,Recommended,249360,9025363,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Vulpsi,"This game is possably one of my favorite games. It has a great gameplay ""feel"" and whenever you die its not the games fault its yours.-=(Pros)=--Great game feel.-Infinte replayability.-the abillity to make your own items/survivors.-Actual challenge.-the abillity to toy with the amount of zombies and loot.-did i mention EASY TOO USE custom content system.-Actual tactics are required.-abillity to make up your own reason the apocalypse happend (I know you can do this in any game, but whatever)-Multipule senerios to choose from (theres three to choose from. survival, escape, and limited-time escape.)-=(Cons)=--Game can crash randomly after like 10 hours of playing it. (just save at the start of every day to avoid this.)-Custom tools have a weird glitch where they cant have stats set to 0 (Its a little odd when a survivor uses a pack to shower)-no abillity to make custom locations besides photos (I want a abandond Millitary base, or a crashed space ship)-Custom item/charecters names de-capitalizing (example: i type H.V.K. Commando, game makes it H.v.k. commandoAll-N-All this game is a great buy if your into games that imerse you with charecters and choices you make, rather then ""fancy"" graphics or multiplayer."
76561197970571810,Recommended,249360,7370435,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,ExHippy,"Thi is somewhere between a turn based strategy and choose your own adventure book. Search houses, scavenge supplies, kill zombies but all as a text based game. The only action you'll see is you moving your counters around the map but it's entertaining none the less. Blimmin hard though and completely unfair in places."
,Recommended,249360,198875,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,BFT9000,Add your friends with the very simple editor and this game becomes GOLD!!!!
76561198155073665,Recommended,249360,18251242,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,KGoblin,"Pretty fun game to pass time. The only bad part is the sound of the watch when forwarding time. Other than that, it's pretty awesome."
,Recommended,249360,1027819,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Kain,"It's a very fun game. I normally play it when I am tired of playing more complex games. It kept receiving updates which where good ( such as custom items, jobs ) because you can make a different gameplay with some new items making it easier if you will ( but you don't receive achievements ).Gameplay is simple and easy to understand, the most fun and interesting thing is to make characters and then see how good they will do in-game."
,Recommended,249360,17803228,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,SpongebobTheHedgehog.exe (Soul),"Feels pumped and excited to play.Gets on and decides to move to the police station to get weapons and stuff IMMEDIATELY.Party instantly fails because of game logic.Tries again.Fails.Tries again.Fails.Tries again.Fails.Tries again.Fails.Tries again.Fails.Tries again.Fails.Tries again.Fails.Tries again.Fails.Tries again.Fails.Tries again.Fails.Tries again.SUCCEEDS in taking over the police station!Feels happy and excited.Then fails.Gets angry and takes a deep breath.Tries again.Fails.Tries again.Fails.Tries again.SUCEEDS!Walks outSUCEEDS!Survival?SUCEEDS!Whether or not you think this game is hard or not, there's always the satisfactory feeling that you finally won and that you finally beat this game."
,Recommended,249360,17893752,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Fatale,"A very different kind of zombie-survival in the most positive way. Simple and satisfying, although a bit hard from time to time."
76561198037104918,Recommended,249360,17840219,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,ShadowScarr44,This is just an all-around fun and fairly in-depth game. Highly reccomended.
76561197980562880,Not Recommended,249360,15279862,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Noise,"Boring, impossible to win game."
,Recommended,249360,15207856,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Toby-blasto,Survived 4 days having a old lady stab zombies with a butter knife and then being killed by a lynch mob. 10/10 would play again
76561198070082229,Recommended,249360,14788264,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,[ON] Zika Baby,Im going to start with the game is hard like every survive game or with zombies. But this game is not like the others you have thing to do you just sit there and let them eat the food and die. Plus this game is cool but one thing i dont like the people die WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY to easy or get killed im not saying geting bit im saying like their 2 zombies in a house and a person dies like how do you die from a dead brain slow zombie for real plus it says my house noise is low and a large mob of zomibes is outside my house. Like logic if your not makeing noise no one AND I SAY NO ONE is going to say oh no noise LETS GO BUDDYS!!!!!!!!!. But in the end it a hard very awsome game if you dont think so i understand because it is hard but i recommend the game if you got 10 dollers and if you know how to survive get the game. :3 P.S Awsome game guys!
76561198007202076,Recommended,249360,14793046,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Harry the Carry,"$9.95 on steam! This is well worth the price.Are you the type of player who hates easy mode? Well normal mode is like super mega hardcore. The games mechanics are very interesting and makes for a very enjoyable (as long as you're content with losing - often)! Great replayability. This game is highly addictive, and with each failure you start to work out how to survive.If you are looking for a story - and taking your time to plan out your strategy - then pick this game up :)"
,Recommended,249360,14527278,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Billeh Crystal,"As a lover of tactical and survival games I had a lot of fun with this one, although I'd prefer if it were a larger map, and less social interaction between the players (sometimes was just a hinderance)."
76561198027493061,Recommended,249360,7538030,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,master.lupus,"Awesome survival game and while it´s only text game, it´s still super fun and it has great atmosphere."
76561198051710506,Recommended,249360,13426908,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,youngstr8,"Such a simple concept of zombie survival games, Survive and escape. Zafehouse: Diaries expands this, adding survivor skills, qualities, and the horror of a group collapsing in on each other. The greatest qualities are the randomization of your map, the three successful difficulty variations, and the personal customizations you can add to each time you play. Customizations like creating your own survivors and their occupations, locations on the map, weapons and tools to assist in your survival.Now the few issues in this game. The inability to assign equipment can be an issue when defending or going on patrol, slightly annoying but it is best to stay quiet and hidden from zombies anyway. Another problem is the unrelenting force of zombies that'll attack after accidentally using unsilenced fire-arms, forcing you to relocate and wait until the coast is clear before returning for left behind supplies.Beyond those two issues involving equipment usage; I can't see any other issues with the gameplay. The game runs very smoothly and I haven't had any issues between my computer and the game itself. Easily one of my favorite games out there, I recommend it to anyone whose looking for a strategy game with a simple goal and challenges to test your resolve to achieve that goal."
76561198014754649,Recommended,249360,13177281,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Csesium Gaming,"It's a nice text based simulation in a zombie apocalypse where you manage a group of random individuals as you try and survive. Like in most zombie apocalypse media you quickly find out the thing to fear isn't zombies but the people who surround you. Managing conflict between members of your group becomes annoying as there isn't much you can do, and more often than not they will end up breaking each other's arms and legs, making it way, way harder to scavenge/fortify/survive. Except for that part it's a fun simulation style game."
76561198012278918,Not Recommended,249360,13397791,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,tomclone5,"This is another game where I felt the concept was a good idea and I wanted it to be fun and challenging, but more often than not I just ended up being frustrated. The fact that every single character in the game has a violent outburst every few days if they hang out with someone they kinda don't get along with is a lazy way to show conflict and character interaction. Not to say the game is without merits; some of the customization options are fun to fiddle around with, but overall it's just another game to add to the pile of 'meh' zombie survival simulation games."
,Not Recommended,249360,14811227,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,MazLad,I like the idea of this game but wish it was more polished and just generally less♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,249360,14929341,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Mad King Patrick Hastings,"this game mixes strategy and zombies together, this game will punish you endlessly by being out to late, making to much noise not taking the right equipment or even two characters not liking each other, also another thing to keep in mind the easy mode is pretty much a horde mode that you cant win just see how long you last and getting used to the mechanices the next two modes are difficult and you will lose people a lot from events where you give up people or because of a mistakeoverall 7.5/10"
76561198045035515,Not Recommended,249360,14931596,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,ChemKat,"I got this game because I had been told it was like Rebuild 2. Perhaps I had misheard what they had said because this game could not even stand up to Rebuild if I gave it a step ladder to do so on.All of my survivors end up being uneducated, racist or prejuduced asshats that can't even fight to save their own lives and they end up dying because a zombie somehow decided my hideout was filled with delicous meatbags despite the traps, barricades, and utter silence of the house.Even moving about in this game is terrible. You can't carry more than a few items at a time and you can only do so when breaching or assaulting. Why am I breaking into my own house? Did I lose the keys or something?Combat is entirely random. Zombies are not that hard to kill yet even when given guns, helmets and jackets, traps, and barricades my survivors die for no reason other than that they hated each other and went to different rooms.I want this game to be fun I really like the idea but the developers really need to work on ... well everything.In the game summary they talk about how other games just don't get what the zombie genre is about. Well apprently NEITHER DO THEY! If I wanted ♥♥♥♥ing drama among my survivors for no reason I'd go watch Walking Dead. If zombies happend today anyone that was similar to these in game survivors would be dead because they would be uneducated and hate every potential friend they met!Also, WHO THE ♥♥♥♥ IS SO WEAK THEY CAN ONLY CARRY A HANDGUN, SEVEN BULLETS, AND A FEW CANS OF DAMN FOOD? I CARRIED WAY MORE THAN THAT IN BOY SCOUTS DURING HIKING TRIPS!"
,Not Recommended,249360,13217239,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Voridor,"A bit repetitive and boring. No real control over what happens. After some time spent in the game the impression is that random events are just that: random. There's apparently no way to buld any strategy because the game is totally unpredictable both in favor and against the player.Annoying game on the long run, I would not recommend it."
,Recommended,249360,7833521,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,The King,"Okay, this game. I've been a Zombie nerd for almost 7 years now. I was a zombie fan before zombies got really popular, not to sound hipster. This game is one of the finest zombie survival games I have ever seen. It plays more like a text based adventure, so there is a lot of reading, but that just adds to the flavor. You control survivors trying to accomplish some sort of task, Survive/Fix a vehicle/Escape, and each challenge is its own difficulty. You control what they do, where they go, and it's just a blast. Nothing is more harrowing to send a survivor off to check a house and find that some helpful person left a map and a crossbow just lying around. I reccomend this game fully, it's one of my new favorites."
,Recommended,249360,7876093,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Damnpo,"Needs more gameplay and a workshop to share people, weapons and other things.. townlay outs i guess.  But besides that its pretty fun.. Little short for 9dollars, would save for better sales as well because again it just isn't enough there to justify the price with again lack of gameplay.Add things like being also to build a car in freemode, go to other towns wile risking it breaking down half way which leads to other chainevents with more choices, outcomes and yuupp.. add more please."
76561198111866229,Recommended,249360,8074932,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,BATASSASSIN,very very difficult. a great game because it gives offf a zombie experience that is not normally distributed in video games. a very great game that i would reccommend if you like strategy games and to test how well you would do in a zombie apocalypse given certain circumstances (that can be changed but hey wheres the fun in that?).
76561198060634643,Recommended,249360,8138581,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Shoshni,I don't think I have ever enjoyed or played so often a game where on one setting I am guaranteed to lose eventually.
76561197978374804,Recommended,249360,788348,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Faded Tiger,"An interesting difficult game. There are 3 diffrent modes which drasticly effect the difficulty of the game (and they are shown as difficulties). The games general idea is that you either are trying to survive as long as possible, or to get out of the town, via rebuilding a vehicle or waiting/finding out where rescue will come. Each person is given diffrent commands, such as gathering, boarding up a house, watching for zombies, improving equipment. Moving from house to house is dangerous, as it is extreemly risky, you have to fight against the clock, but rushing will get you killed, fast. It is an extreemly tactical game though it can at times be a bit repetative, in the same was as a roguelike can be. Every play through is diffrent, and there is a lot of customization options to put in your own pictures for places and survivors, as well as making custom survivor stats, which can completly change thegame (making it impossible or a walkthrough). Overall if you like tactical games, and don't mind a HELL of a challenge, it's very fun. The only thing I might add is that you have to manage the relationship between your survivors and it can be very very frustrating."
,Recommended,249360,8354889,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,EnnuiBo,"Zafehouse is one of those games that makes you crave and wish that the game was more detailed, less repetitive, and had a much better story. But its still enjoyable none the less.I love the in-game editor that allows you to add yourself, your friends, even famous celebs into the fray, it makes the game so much more personal when you see that your best friend got ambushed by a zombie and is now infected. My only complaint with this is the fact it disables achivements, I can understand it for custom weapons and occupations, but for custom charecters it makes the vanilla game extremely boring.More map choices would have been sought for, but the random generated map suffices enough for me."
,Recommended,249360,8214473,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Steel,"Entertaining, a struggle. Quite good and it filled my needs. Worth anything under $10"
76561198052278686,Recommended,249360,7544918,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,KathyGaele,"Zafehouse: Diaries was a spur of the moment purchase that I did not regret in the slightest.You play out the apocolypse through a textual interface, manage (or, more likely, fail to manage) the interpersonal relationships between the group of survivors, scavenge and hack your ways through the ravening hordes. It's very easy to grow attached to these survivors, even more so if you add yourself and your friends to the game.That's an easy way to ruin your friendships, by the way. It doesn't matter if your friend Joe didn't ACTUALLY punch your girlfriend Suzy and break her arm, you're probably going to give him the stinkeye for it anyway.But anyway, Zafehouse is a game with a lot of suprises, its interface is elegant and simple to navigate, and there's a real sense of threat."
,Not Recommended,249360,408572,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Rob Justice,"Zafehouse: Diaries could be fun... but it's just too random, unforgiving, and brutal. Each of those aren't typically a problem individually but together they make the game frustrating. Even ""cheating"" and creating ""perfect"" occupations I lost after three days from pure random chance.It's hard, but not a fun hard. Just a frustrating ""I guess I'll just start over"" hard."
,Recommended,249360,11225080,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Kikilicious,"It's pretty fun. I play it when I just want to play a relaxed game. However, I've yet to win. I'm going to keep trying though."
76561198005666370,Recommended,249360,7905098,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Ax3,An amazing well thoughtout game.Truely a breath of fresh air in the zombie gaming world.
76561198029033220,Recommended,249360,12087884,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,El Big Papi,Its a fun game for about 6 hours. It definetly needs more updates (give us more orders to give to surviviors) but the audio is absolutely outstanding.
,Not Recommended,249360,21070463,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,BreezyBits,"Pros -The graphics are immersive and bring the story to life.Random events keep things from getting too monotonous.The custom content generator lets you personalize the apocalypse. Put together some character from pop culture and you've basically got Total Drama Island with zombies.Cons -The audio starts out strong, but gets annoying fast. The audio levels are also unpredictable.Game mechanics are never explained clearly, so every fight feels like a coin toss.It's hard to tell how useful high level gear is.Character relationships don't feel authentic, and consequences for negative relationships feel over the top.Using custom content disables achievements.TL;DR: a poor strategy game, but a good story generator. I recommend getting it on sale if you have the patience."
76561198031131380,Recommended,249360,22369376,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,daskins,Excellent unique turn based zombie survival game. Music is simple yet adds to the suspense. Reminds me a little of King of Dragon Pass with the personnel management. I keep it loaded on my laptop and jump back in from time to time.
,Recommended,249360,3181034,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,Tampone Jones,Amazingly fun! very strategical
76561198031088592,Recommended,249360,26729683,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Elise,"Strategic, hard management of both people and inventory. Loving it, can't wait for the sequel!"
,Recommended,249360,1089237,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Brody,A fun addictive game that leaves you craving more. The difficulty can be a bit to overcome but overall leaves you satisfied when you finally beat a game mode. The easiest mode can sometimes turn out to be the hardest depending on what the game generates. Custom character creation and custom job creation make it also a blast. Politics within the group can cause a ton of events to turn out for the worse as well so you have to watch relationships. Happy people teach each other kung fu or whatever and mad people just throw furniture and break legs/arms. The food system could use some work because right now you can't ration meal size or tell them when to eat. Be prepared to scout out for a lot of food and make sure you assault a big location several times before actually breaching it. A lot of times your stupid survivor will estimate about 5 zombies in the place when it turns out there was a horde of 30. You will die a lot learning the game but that's what makes a game fun.
76561198007994237,Recommended,249360,7764387,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,lordjas2101,"This is a great game,i like how there is a editor where you can add your own survivors,Jobs and items. I also like there is a relationship system,but it's sometimes hard to manage the survivors relationship as they fight,argue or being annoyed at other survivors almost all the time. It would be nice if they add a romance and friendship to the relationship system so that it would be more realistic."
,Recommended,249360,7907365,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,bludhound,"Though this game is mostly text and does not contain fanciful 3D graphics, it feels much more immersive than most zombie games I've come across. This game requires you to be careful in planning your every move, at least until you have accumulated enough resources to afford some bravado. It's not an easy game, but only because it tries to be realistic instead of giving the player too much power. Think reality - where things are beyond your control and you have to do your best to improvise and adapt to the situation."
,Recommended,249360,8222237,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,SupremeSnazzy,"It's sort of a strategy/survival game, there are some good features that normal zombie games don't have, this is a whole new level which is very good."
76561197994316625,Recommended,249360,7696180,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,bobkytten,"Sometimes, the zombies will kill you. Sometimes, it'll be the mobs. And sometimes, it's your own group. You're going to die. A lot. But it's fun to see how long your survivors can last, and how well they stick together."
